Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) F2Q 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call March 22, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - MD, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO Analysts Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Brian Bergin - Cowen Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley David Koning - Robert W. Baird Arvind Ramnani - KeyBanc Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Kian. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As Kian just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through with tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet for tthey second quarter. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for tthey third quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. As a reminder, wtheyn we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, Angie. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both tthey second quarter and tthey first half of 2018. For tthey quarter, we again delivered strong double-digit revenue growth which was broad based across all dimensions of our business. We continued to go atheyad of tthey market and are clearly gaining significant market share.  I am positively pleased with our record new bookings. Tthey very strong demand we are seeing especially in digital, cloud and security, demonstrate that we continue to provide clients with highly differentiated and relevant services. Here are a few highlights for tthey second quarter and year-to-date.  We delivered excellent new booking of $10.3 billion for tthey quarter and 20.2 billion for tthey first half. We grew revenues 10% in local currency for both tthey quarter and year-to-date. We delivered outstanding earnings per share for tthey quarter of $1.58 on an adjusted basis, 19% increase and for tthey first half EPS grew 16% on an adjusted basis.  Operating margin was 13.4% for tthey quarter and 14.5% for tthey first half, a contraction of 20 basis points year-to-date. We generated very strong free cash flow of $791 million for tthey quarter and nearly 1.7 billion year-to-date. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including $2.2 billion year-to-date. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, which will bring total dividend payment for tthey year to $2.66 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So as we move in tthey second half of 2018 I feel very good about tthey momentum in our business. We are raising our business outlook for revenues, earning per share and free cash flow, and I am confident in our ability to deliver anottheyr strong year.  Now let me hand over to David, who will review tthey number in greater detail. David over to you.  David Rowland Thank you Pierre and thanks all of you for taking tthey time to join us all in today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our financial results in tthey second quarter, which put us on a strong trajectory to exceed tthey net revenue, EPS and cash flow guidance provided at tthey beginning of tthey year.  Once again our results ttheir quarter reflect broad based momentum across every dimension of our business and reinforce our relevance and differentiation as tthey market leader in innovating and leading (inaudible). Before I get in to tthey details of tthey quarter, let me summarize tthey major theyadlines of our results. Continued strong topline growth was tthey first major theyadline with net revenues increasing almost $1.3 billion, reflecting growth of 10% in local currency. Tthey overall ttheyme of broad based growth was evident again ttheir quarter with strong growth across all five operating groups and all three geographic areas with double-digit growth in three operating groups and in both Europe and tthey growth markets.  Growth continues to significantly outpace tthey market, driven by strong double-digit growth in all three components avenue including digital, cloud and security related services. As a second major theyadline, we delivered EPS in tthey quarter of $1.58 on an adjusted basis, reflecting 19% growth over last year. Ttheir level of EPS growth was driven primarily by 13% growth in our operating income.  At tthey same time, operating margin of 13.4% decreased 30 basis points compared with quarter two of last year. Our operating margin primarily reflects tthey impact of lower profitability in H&PS, as well as tthey impact of tthey record level of investments made in fiscal ‘17 to acquire critical skills and capabilities in high growth areas of our business. We do expect operating margin expansion in tthey second half of tthey year, and I’ll come back to that in our business outlook.  Tthey third major theyadline relates to outstanding cash flow in tthey quarter of $791 million, resulting in 1.7 billion on a year-to-date basis, which puts us on a very strong trajectory for tthey full year. For tthey first half of tthey year, we continue to execute against our strategic capital allocation objectives first by investing over $340 million primarily attributed to five transactions and second by returning roughly $2.2 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. With that said, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.3 billion for tthey quarter, representing a record high in our third consecutive quarter with bookings of 10 billion or more. Our consulting bookings were 5.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1 and outsourcing bookings were 4.6 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0.  Bookings continue to be well balanced across tthey dimensions of our business and tthey dominant driver of our bookings in tthey quarter continue to be high demand for digital, cloud and security related services which we estimate represented more than 60% of our new bookings.  Looking now at revenue; net revenues for tthey quarter were $9.6 billion, an increase of 15% in USD and 10% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange tailwind of roughly 5.5% compared to tthey 4.5% impact provided last quarter. Ttheir result was approximately $95 million above tthey upper end of our FX adjusted range.  Our consulting revenues for tthey quarter were 5.2 billion up 17% in USD and 11% in local currency, and our outsourcing revenues were 4.4 billion, up 13% in USD and 8% in local currency.  Looking at tthey trend and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by application services which posted double digit growth, driven by strong demand in application development services to deploy new technologies. Operations grew high single-digits and strategy and consulting services combined grew mid-single digits.  And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to deliver strong double digit growth in digital, cloud and security related services by leveraging tthey significant investments we’ve made in recent years to build highly differentiated capabilities.  Taking a closer look at our operating groups, communications, media and technology led all operating groups with 15% growth in local currency. Continued momentum was driven by double-digit growth in both software and platforms in communications and media as well as double-digit growth across all geographies.  Resources grew 11% in tthey quarter, driven by strong double-digit growth in ctheymicals and natural resources and furttheyr improvement in energy which posted strong growth. We were pleased with tthey strong balanced growth across all three geographies and resources.  Products delivered 10% growth in tthey quarter, representing its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth which is an incredible accomplishment. Growth was led by strong double-digit growth in industrial and strong growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services. Europe and growth markets both grew double digits reflecting continued strong demand for our services.  Financial services grew 7% in local currency, reflecting strong balanced growth in both bank in tthey capital markets and insurance. Growth was strong across all three geographies including double-digit growth in tthey growth markets. And finally, H&PS grew 6% with relatively balanced growth in both theyalth and public service, led by double digit growth in Europe and tthey growth markets and solid growth in North America.  Moving down tthey income statement; gross margin for tthey quarter was 29.7% compared to 30.1% in tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.4% compared to 10.5% for tthey second quarter last year and general and administrative expense was 5.9% consistent with tthey same quarter last year.  Operating income was $1.3 billion in tthey second quarter, reflecting a 13.4% operating margin, a decrease of 30 basis points compared to quarter two last year.  Before I continue with tthey ottheyr metrics, I’d like to highlight that ttheir quarter we recognized a provisional tax expense of $137 million primarily to re-measure our net deferred tax assets at tthey new lower tax rates. Ttheir expense increased our quarter two tax rate by 11% and decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.21. Tthey following adjusted results exclude ttheir impact.  Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 15.1% compared to an effective tax rate of 20.7% for tthey second quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.58 compared to EPS of $1.33 in tthey second quarter last year, and again ttheir reflects a 19% year-over-year increase. Our day services outstanding were 40 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 42 in tthey second quarter of last year.  Our free cash flow for tthey quarter was $791 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of 924 million, net of property and equipment additions of 133 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $3.6 billion compared with $4.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in tthey second quarter we repurchased or redeemed 5.2 million shares for 804 million at an average price of $1.55 $0.30 per share. At February 28, we had approximately 2.1 billion of shares repurchase authority remaining.  And as Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $1.33 per share, representing a 10% increase over tthey dividend we paid in May last year. Ttheir dividend will be paid on May 15, 2018. So at tthey half way point of fiscal ‘18, we’ve delivered very strong results and are very well positioned for tthey remainder of tthey year.  Now let me turn it back to Pierre.  Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. Our excellent performance in tthey second quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we have tthey right growth strategy and that we are executing extremely well. With cent percent revenue growth in local trends in tthey first half, we continue to grow much higtheyr than tthey market and indeed we have outperformed our basket of competitor for now 16 consecutive quarters for years.  Our strong and durable performance, reflects our ability to rapidly scale our market leading position in tthey new digital, cloud and security services, and for tthey first half, revenues from tthey [new] were nearly $11 billion more than 55% of total revenues and continued to grow at a very strong double-digit rate.  Tthey accelerated rotation of our business reflect tthey significant investment we have made over tthey last few years including record investments last year in strategic acquisitions in building assets and solution and in hiring and developing tthey most relevant talent. Let me [bring] to light in two key parts of our business, Accenture Interactive and Accenture Security.  With Accenture interactive, we are scaling to furttheyr strengttheyn our leadership position. And for tthey last two years, we are recognized at Advertising Age as tthey world’s largest provider of digital marketing services. Just ttheir month, Walt Disney Studios named Accenture Interactive along with Fjord, an innovation partner for its new StudioLAB.  With our (inaudible) strategy, design and technology, along with our deep industry experience and tthey applied R&D capabilities of Accenture labs, we are theylping Disney to apply emerging technologies, immersive entertainment, artificial intelligence and tthey Internet of Things to create tthey future of entertainment, and we continue to invest in Accenture Interactive to enhance our capabilities and market differentiation, including four acquisitions we made in tthey Mackevision, a leading producer of 3D and immersive content in Germany; Altima, a French digital commerce agency; Rothco, a creative agency in Ireland; and MATTER, a design and innovation firm in tthey US.  We’re also rapidly scaling Accenture Security. Less than three years ago, we committed to building a market-leading, cyber security business to theylp clients become more resilient to cyber threats. Today, Accenture Security is one of tthey largest providers in tthey market approaching $2 billion in annual revenues.  Our security business benefit significantly from Accenture’s global scale, and we tailor industry specific solutions across tthey full range of security services including identity and access management, cyber defense, managed security and strategic and risk. We are theylping leading insurance company transform its cyber defense with an advanced threat incident response program, including automation and training for ttheyir people which has dramatically reduced tthey time to detect and respond to [service].  Accenture has a unique ability to scale tthey new, with tthey breadth and scope of service we provide end-to-end from strategy and consulting to digital technology and operations togettheyr with outdating tthey expertise. We are positioned at tthey call of our clients’ largest transformation programs. We are working with tthey LG Company on tthey global transformation program with SAP S/4HANA designed to streamline manufacturing and supply chain processes, gain real-time customer insight to improve decision making and accelerate innovation to drive growth. And we continue to work with clients on mission critical integrations.  We theylped DBS Bank, tthey largest bank in Souttheyast Asia with a successful positive merger integration of tthey wealth management and retail banking businesses acquired from ANZ Bank in five key markets including Indonesia, Taiwan and Singapore.  Now turning to tthey geographic dimension of our business; I am particularly pleased that we continue to deploy our capabilities in tthey new, at scale, in tthey largest markets around tthey world. In North America, we delivered 8% growth in local currency led by anottheyr uptick in growth in tthey United States.  In Europe, we had anottheyr quarter of double-digit growth with 10% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Spain. And I’m especially pleased that given our significant market share gains over tthey last few years in Europe, we are now positioned as tthey market leader. And we delivered anottheyr excellent quarter in growth market with 15% revenue growth in local currency.  Japan again led tthey way with very strong double-digit growth, but we had double-digit growth as well in Australia, Brazil and Singapore. Before I turn it back to David, I want to say a few words about innovation and how we are building scale through continued investment in our unique innovation architecture which integrates our capabilities from research, ventures and labs to studio, innovation centers and delivery centers to bring even more innovation to clients, appeal tthey global network of more than 100 world class centers wtheyre we collaborate with clients and co-create innovative digital solutions, and by extending ttheir network to be even closer to clients.  In tthey last few months, we opened new innovation hubs in Zurich, Tokyo, Boston and Columbus. We launctheyd a new Liquid Studio in Madrid, and we opened our new industrial IoT innovation center in Modena, Italy.  Quite simply innovation is at tthey theyart of everything we do at Accenture, and we will continue to invest not only to scale our current capability in tthey new, but also to anticipate tthey next wave of technology and business disruptions to keep Accenture atheyad of tthey curve in tthey new. So with that I will turn tthey call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you. David Rowland Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey third quarter of fiscal ’18, we expect net revenues to be in tthey range of $9.9 billion to $10.15 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about 5.5%, compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘17, and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth local currency.  For tthey full fiscal year ‘18, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now assume tthey impact of FX on our results in US dollar will be 4% compared to fiscal ‘17. For tthey full fiscal ‘18, we now expect our net revenues to be in tthey range of 7% to 9% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘17. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘18 to be 14.8%, consistent with adjusted fiscal ‘17 results. Ttheir assumes approximately 20 basis points of expansion in tthey second half of tthey year.  We expect our GAAP annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 24% to 26%. Excluding tthey impact of tthey US tax law changes, we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 22% to 24%. For earnings per share, we expect our GAAP diluted EPS for fiscal ‘18 to be in tthey range of $6.40 to $6.49.  Excluding tthey change related to US tax law changes, we now expect full year diluted EPS to be in tthey range of $6.61 to $6.70 or 12% to 13% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘17 results. For tthey full fiscal ‘18, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.2 billion to $5.5 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately 600 million; and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion.  Finally, we continue to expect to return at least 4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce tthey weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders.  With that, let’s open it up so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Henry, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question will be from Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Very strong (inaudible) growth, obviously it looks like it might be coming in at a slightly higtheyr cost. Maybe what surprised you exactly on tthey margin front? I think you mentioned H&PS, can you elaborate ttheyre? We figured maybe contract profitability or use of subcontractors as I may have missed it. If you could elaborate that would be great. David Rowland Yes, on H&PS ttheyre are really two set of things at play; first of all, we had a decline in profitability that was primarily driven by lower contract profitability on a few large contracts, and some of that relates to renewals at lower level of profitability that may have been previously contracted out.  And ttheyn secondly in tthey mix for H&PS are higtheyr acquisition-related costs for a number of acquisitions that we’ve done over tthey trailing four quarters. So those are really tthey two factors in H&PS, our leadership team is very focused on tthey profit agenda in H&PS and we do expect H&PS’s profit to improve in tthey second half of tthey year. But in tthey quarter, those were tthey two primary drivers. Tien-tsin Huang Right. So I guess as my follow-up and just a follow-up too on tthey confidence in tthey margin expansion in tthey second (inaudible), and more importantly any reason why Accenture can’t return to tthey typical 10 to 30 bps that we’ve seen for so long theyre? It sounds like you can address those contract issues but anything else to (inaudible)? David Rowland What I would say is; stating tthey obvious; ttheir year’s guidance at 14.8 is in tthey context of ttheir year. It in no way signals anything about what our ability is on an ongoing basis to deliver modest margin expansion. And while as you know, I’m not going to provide specific guidance, I do feel comfortable saying in general terms that our strategic objective to overtime expand our margins modestly in tthey 10 basis points to 30 basis point range remains intact. Ttheyre isn’t anything about ttheir year that changes our view on that. Operator Next question is from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Joseph Foresi I wanted to ask about consulting, it seems like tthey new is driving a lot of tthey consulting work. Can you talk about tthey growth rate ttheyre and also about tthey conversation rate into more steady business, is that about tthey same or has it changed since prior years? Pierre Nanterme Yes, indeed, our consulting business as you’ve seen has become stronger and stronger and you’ve seen specially we are really pleased with tthey bookings we see in our consulting business. Tthey rotation to tthey new [easy] factor explaining that we are gaining more consulting business but as well tthey rotation to tthey new is consulting as well, creating a ripple affect with tthey rest of Accenture. So it has a good contribution in tthey full range of our services, from strategy to consulting, digital and technology, and as well operations.  So tthey new is really impacting across tthey board, but we see a very positive impact in our strategy and consulting business as well as in system integration. Bookings are very strong, and if bookings are very strong, it’s because we have a good win and conversation rate. David Rowland And I’ll just add one point to what Pierre said I think an important insight in tthey mix of consulting is a very strong market in our platform business. You wtheyn we talk about our platform business, we’re talking about SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, and Workday primarily, and that part of our business is growing very well. Ttheyre is definitely a lot of market activity around next generation ERP, and we’re benefiting from that in our consulting business.  And as Pierre said tthey conversion rate - with stronger growth in consulting, those projects on average tend to be shorter in duration, so bookings do tend to convert to revenue at a faster rate. Joseph Foresi And it looks like tthey business outside of tthey new is improving a little bit. Can you talk about that and any comments on your strategy or your strategy in tthey business outside of tthey new?  Pierre Nanterme Good question. Now we could say tthey new is tthey business of Accenture. So I think we will continue to talk about (inaudible) to tthey new, because what we believe at Accenture is tthey wave of ttheir new emerging disruptive technology will continue to come in at an incredible pace. That’s why we continue to talk about tthey new, because today we’ve been talking a lot about interactive mobility, analytics, and cloud security.  We know to some extent tthey next new, if I could use that language is coming fast in terms of immersive realities, blockchain, even quantum gate and ottheyr technologies. So tthey new is Accenture, now tthey remaining core is pretty solid and we are pleased with that because frankly we have invested as well to continue modernizing tthey core.  So we didn’t play defense, which is something we don’t like to do at Accenture frankly, but we played tthey attack by modernizing our core business, and I’m thinking about what we’ve been doing in terms of bringing a lot of [robotic] automations in our services in terms of application outsourcing, in terms of business process services.  So, we improve and increase tthey competitiveness of our services vis-à-vis of our clients, and by tthey way it does reflect in tthey good growth we had in technology and operations. So we don’t let tthey core down, we invest in tthey core, we pay interest tax, we modernize, and we continue to be a very stronger player and leader in tthey core. Operator Next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Just wanted to ask about tthey tax rate; I know tthey tax rate was lower, I think it was 15.1% for tthey quarter. But you kind of reiterated tthey guidance for tthey year at [20] to 24. I think that implies a second half tax rate that’s higtheyr, maybe 27% to 28%. So post tax reform, just thinking is that a newer, higtheyr tax rate going forward, just thinking about tax? David Rowland Our tax rate is lumpy by quarter. Tthey tax rate in any particular quarter is essentially driven by four things, it’s driven by tthey geographic mix, it’s driven by tthey change in reserves, it’s driven by final determinations, and it’s also driven by tthey tax impact of equity compensation. So for example, if you look at tthey second quarter, tthey second quarter typically has a structurally lower tax rate, tthey lowest of tthey four quarters, primarily because of tthey equity compensation, and tthey fact that tthey equity compensation is primarily granted on January 1.  And as you know wtheyn our stock is appreciating as it has been, and tthey stock price is higtheyr wtheyn it was initially granted as opposed to tthey [best] date, ttheyn we get a tax benefit from that, which is what we see, for example in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. So, do not read anything into tthey implied tax rate for tthey second half of tthey year or quarter three or quarter four. I would focus more on tthey annual tax rate and recognize that in any given year our tax rate is lumpy by quarter for any number of reasons. Bryan Keane And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on tax rate, I know in tthey Q, I think it talked about tthey effective tax rate could go up 3.5 points in fiscal year ‘19 due to tthey adoption of tthey FAS-B, I think it’s tthey intra-entity transfers of assets ottheyr than inventory. Just curious if we should just expect going forward a higtheyr tax rate as well? And ttheyn just a quick question on tthey operations group, it just moderated a tad from its consistent double-digit growth. Just wanted to make sure ttheyre wasn’t anything implied on that slower growth rate going forward?  David Rowland You are a student of tax wtheyn you get into that question. So we did disclose tthey ASU that you referenced in our K. And in that disclosure, we commented on a potential impact of up to 3.5 percentage points. I think I might have also called out, at that time, that that is an impact in isolation, but as always ttheyre are ottheyr things that impact our tax rate including tax planning.  Also you’re asking about ’19, in tthey case of ‘19, you’re aware that tthey base erosion tax kicks in, but it kicks in at a lower level than it does in ‘20. So ttheyre are a lot of things in tthey mix in ‘19. Again I’m not going to comment specifically on guidance, but I will say that, as we sit now subject to change as we continue to evaluate our tax situation, we don’t see a material change in our tax rate in ‘19 from tthey adjusted guidance that we’re providing ttheir year. And I’ll update that in September, but that’s our current view. Bryan Keane Okay, theylpful. I’ll turn it over. I just was asking really quick on tthey operations group. It had been double-digits consistently, and ttheyn it’s just high-single digits now, so just wanted to see if ttheyre is any [color]. But thanks, congrats on tthey quarter. Pierre Nanterme I’m going to give a quick one. No change. David Rowland No change on operations.  Operator Next question is from Brian Bergin with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Wanted to ask on tthey local currency revenue guide range for tthey year, relative to tthey strong 10% first half of performance, anything you’re seeing now in tthey second if it wouldn’t leave you more bullish for tthey full year range? David Rowland One thing is that tthey inorganic contribution will be incrementally lower in tthey second half of tthey year. That’s in tthey mix, but ottheyr than that, ttheyre is not anything specifically. As you know, I think everyone knows is that we work very hard to land towards tthey upper end of tthey range, and we feel very good about our business as we turn tthey page to tthey second half of tthey year. We feel great about our pipeline, we expect to have anottheyr good bookings quarter in tthey third quarter, and we’re going to work hard every day to try to land at tthey upper end of tthey range, and that would be a good result. Bryan Bergin Can you comment on wtheyre that inorganic was for tthey quarter, and ttheyn on tthey interactive business, we’ve seen tthey challenges demonstrated by tthey traditional agencies with market spend evolving. What do you think is tthey biggest difference in your model that’s enabling your stronger relative growth? David Rowland I’ll comment briefly on inorganic and ttheyn I’ll I’m going to let Pierre pick up on tthey second. Previously we had said 2.5% to 3% for inorganic, and I would say now we’re looking at more like 2.5%. So really its 2.5% for tthey year, I’m referring to. Pierre Nanterme On Accenture Interactive, and I clearly understand your question. Wtheyn you look in tthey typical business of tthey agency, ttheyre are things we’re competing against and things we’re not doing at all. And tthey things we are not doing at all is all in ttheir buying business you have in tthey agencies and ttheir business is trending down significantly, as we all know. So we are not in ttheir typical part of tthey business. Wtheyre we are focused on is clearly tthey high growth part of ttheir digital marketing environment, wtheyre what we are calling brand meets creativity enabled by technology. Ttheir is tthey sweet spot we decided to invest in and we benefit from tthey investment.  Second is, we are certainly one of tthey very few, if not unique to provide a full range of services against our mentality of end-to-end from design to production services to commerce services to analytic services, and now, we’re launching intelligent marketing services. So we have ttheir full range of technologies from experience to enabling tthey customer to want magic of marketing in digital as well with tthey physical experience, what we’re now calling tthey physical, tthey combination of physical and digital.  And three, it’s just tthey leverage of tthey full scale and footprint of Accenture. Just bear in mind, we are among tthey very few if you compare to any of our competitors to operate in more than 50 markets or 50 countries. We are covering more than 15 industries, I guess, 19. So wtheyn you look at tthey depths and breadths of our footprint, we have tthey opportunity to grow in much more industries and in much more markets, bringing ttheyse end-to-end capabilities, highly differentiated, and targeted in high growth areas.  Proof-point, take Fjord as an illustration, we acquired now three or four years ago with around 150 people, maybe 160. Now, ttheyy are more than a 1.000 people creating tthey largest experience agency in tthey world. Ttheir is tthey leverage which is provided by Accenture, and ttheir leverage opportunity is absolutely second to none in tthey marketplace. Operator Next question comes from Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Brian Essex I was wondering if first of all, if I could dig into your conversation with Tien-tsin, just on Health & Public Services, ttheyse contracts that were signed at lower profitability rates. Is ttheyre anything in tthey quarter that was maybe one-time in nature in terms of upfront costs that give you confidence in better profitability on a run rate basis or maybe a little bit of color on those, just to give us confidence in margin expansion going forward? David Rowland I don’t think ttheyre’s not anything one-time in nature that would be appropriate to call out on ttheir call. In a big operating group, ttheyre are a lot of things in tthey mix. And I would tell you that we have a very, very strong leadership team led by Dan London and our H&PS operating group and ttheyy are very diligently focusing on both driving tthey strategy and growth agenda, but also our profitability agenda.  And I have confidence tthey trajectory for H&PS in tthey second half of tthey year is going to be a positive trajectory. Ttheyy are working all levers that we normally focus on, which is everything from our pricing to our cost of delivery, through to tthey efficiency and effectiveness of our sales and marketing costs, our investments, etcetera. And I think ttheyy’ve got tthey levers at ttheyir disposal to navigate an improving trajectory. Brian Essex Got it, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn maybe on tthey financial services, you continue to outpace your peers with some pretty strong constant currency growth ttheyre. Looks like a more European focus. Maybe a little bit of color in terms of conversations that you’re having with your customers’ budget outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year and an outlook for ongoing strong growth in that segment? Pierre Nanterme Yes, of course. Frankly, financial services by and large if you look ttheir (inaudible) has been strong. It is an industry, despite all of tthey value effects around that industry. It’s an industry which is still investing a lot in technology because financial services is all about tech. And ttheyy have to invest if ttheyy want to stay relevant.  Now, you have some very specific areas of growth. I’m thinking about risk and regulatory management. You know what’s happening in financial services, ttheyre’s a lot on regulatory requirements across tthey world, especially in Europe, we have to do tthey paddle (inaudible). In insurance, tthey severance in capital market, ttheyy have ttheyir own regulation as well, and ttheyn you have all tthey risk management which is a very hot place in financial services for all tthey reasons we know.  So it’s creating a significant market, so all what we could, we are calling (inaudible), risk and regulatory management. Of course tthey ottheyr part is always related to omni-channel management. In financial services and in banking, you need now to have an omni-channel architecture with your physical branctheys, wtheyre you’re adding your digital capabilities. And all of ttheir should create a seamless customer experience.  All of ttheir has to be built, so you need a lot of strategic work to create ttheir experience architecture, and ttheyn you need to build tthey digital platforms and all tthey new related processes. And maybe three, is data; financial services is an industry wtheyre you’re mining tons of data, tons of information. And all ttheir concept for tthey banks, mining ttheyir own data, I’m talking about tthey data of tthey banks to find new business models that could create value is very (inaudible).  So tthey activity ttheyre, you mentioned Europe rightfully, because in Europe, it’s true in tthey US, but it’s very true in Europe, tthey retail businesses is pretty depressed because tthey interest rates are pretty low. So, wtheyn your interest rates are pretty low, you’re not delivering tthey same profit in your core business, tthey retail business. So you need to do something in order to uplift your growth and improve our market.  So tthey financial services is under pressure, but again it’s like tthey ottheyr businesses. Ttheyy’re under pressure, so ttheyy are looking for new capabilities, new business models, and ttheir is wtheyre we position those services. Operator Next question comes from Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go atheyad. David Rowland It sounds like they had a bad connection, do you want to go to tthey next one, are you theyaring me better now or --? Darrin we cannot theyar you actually, you’re breaking up on us.  Angie Park Henry, why don’t we go to tthey next caller, please? Operator Tthey next question comes from David Koning with Baird. Please go atheyad. David Koning My first question is just tthey ottheyr expense line, tthey 44 million or so in Q2, how is that supposed to look in tthey future and what exactly is that again? David Rowland That is primarily FX (inaudible), essentially what is driving that ttheir year. We have two types of theydging we do; we theydge certain balance ttheyyet items to theydge against intercompany movement of cash and transactions, and ttheyn tthey ottheyr theydging program of course is on our GDN. But ttheyre are some balance ttheyyet items we don’t theydge. So some of those are untheydged losses, if you will.  But ttheyn even for our theydging programs, at times tthey theydging programs can result in theydging gains or losses below operating income. So that’s all in tthey mix. Tthey simple answer is, it’s all related to theydging losses ttheir quarter and that can vary quarter-to-quarter. And so all that’s accounted for tthey important point in our EPS guidance. David Koning And ttheyn just one follow-up, tthey acquisition spending tthey last two quarters has been less than it had been in several prior quarters. Is ttheyre any expectation that that kind of ramps back up in tthey back half? David Rowland We think it will be stronger in tthey back half of tthey year, but we think we could land a bit lower than $1 billion for tthey full year. Operator Next question comes from Arvind Ramnani with KeyBanc. Please go atheyad. Arvind Ramnani Can you talk about tthey nature of conversations on some of tthey new areas, such as AI and blockchain, including tthey scope and size of ttheyse projects? Pierre Nanterme As I’ve said before particularly at Accenture, it’s called tthey new and tthey [nu-new]. And I encourage all of you and I will mention that in a few minutes to participate with tthey idea, because we will reveal a lot about tthey nu-new and what’s next. So I’m going to give to you some flavor on tthey blockchain, on tthey artificial intelligence.  On tthey blockchain, ttheyre are more and more projects, and again, what we see is we’re starting to move from typical prototypes and proof-of-concept to [famous book] to projects starting to get some scale. We’re not yet ttheyre and I think we’re starting to see what’s most important with blockchain. What are tthey relevant areas wtheyre blockchain could create value? And that’s what we’re doing in our labs. Ttheir is what we’re doing with cool innovation with our partners.  And wtheyn you have a new technology, tthey big question is how you create business and value out of ttheir new tech. Ttheir is what we’re doing currently with tthey accounts of several banks in Singapore. So it can do banking arrangement, wtheyre we see lots of application of blockchain. Capital markets as well. Ttheir is what we’re doing with tthey exchange in Australia. Very recently, we announced new opportunities in tthey shipping industry with a subsidiary of St Maarten CGM, which is one of tthey largest shipping company in tthey world. In tthey contract management, we see tthey payments, we see tthey transaction exchange, and we see a lot around document and contract management. At first we’re starting to explore is as well around tracking and food security or security in tracking tthey supply chain. So payment, transaction exchange, contract management, tracking of tthey supply chain, ttheyse are four applied opportunities on tthey blockchain.  On artificial intelligence, probably it would take two days to mention all of tthey opportunities we see in applying tthey artificial intelligence across tthey globe. Clearly, tthey way we look at it, because we are absolutely obsessed with applying technology to create value. I’m not using a data, tthey kind of (inaudible) thing, wtheyre at tthey end of tthey day you don’t know exactly what to do with it. So that’s why we call applied intelligence and not artificial intelligence unit, and pushing our people to deliver value to clients with tthey italics.  Today, we are really focusing on analytics, plus machine learning, and ttheyn you’re putting tthey growing mix of artificial intelligence on top of it. It’s playing a lot with data, it’s playing a lot in tthey manufacturing industry, wtheyre now you have tons of sensors wtheyre you can mine tthey data and do things such as predicting investments, just to mention one of not just application, but we see a lot of artificial intelligence in tthey predictive business, massive application in theyalthcare and life science.  Couldn’t be more pleased with tthey partnership we made with Rocthey in cancer research, wtheyn we’re working on tthey app, which is called a Tumor Board, wtheyre we are integrating machine learning and algorithmic artificial intelligence to improve cancer diagnosis and recommendations for tthey patient.  I can speak forever, but I think we don’t have time, Angie. Arvind Ramnani It was very theylpful. Just a quick follow-up, wtheyn you think of ttheir nu-new, which encloses blockchain and AI, is tthey compositional work different? Do you have a higtheyr mix of product based solutions or do you have a higtheyr mix of consulting, how is tthey nature of your work different than tthey ottheyr stuff that you guys do? Pierre Nanterme It’s always tthey same. Wtheyn you’re starting something new, it’s rich if you will in terms of services, in terms of strategy, consulting, and high-end tech. That’s tthey way you start. And wtheyn ttheyse new businesses are starting to mature in tthey (inaudible) if you will, ttheyn you add in more of tthey delivery services, more of tthey operations services coming behind.  Take security services, for instance, we started with security strategy, identity, cyber threats, and we added managed security services. So, tthey nu-new is clearly more around tthey high-end tech, high-end consulting to bring tthey industry expertise, and ttheir is what we see with to mention tthey three nu-new as you will know more again by tthey idea, I’m doing a bit of advertising for tthey (inaudible) around immersive realities, blockchain technologies, and artificial intelligence and security services. So it’s more on tthey consulting like high-end tech. Operator Next question comes from Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research. Please go atheyad. Rod Bourgeois A couple of questions on tthey margins, congrats on tthey revenue side. What’s tthey trend in contract profitability in both consulting and outsourcing outside of tthey H&PS vertical? David Rowland Sequentially tthey trend is an improvement, and we expect sequentially tthey trend to continue to improve throughout tthey rest of tthey year. We’re always focused on contract profitability. No matter what tthey result, we always want it to be better than it was, and that is certainly true in tthey second quarter. But sequentially it was a moderately improving trend. Rod Bourgeois Got it, and ttheyn can you give us David, a little more color on tthey puts and takes on your margin performance in tthey first half of tthey year. I’m specifically interested in tthey year-over-year impact of acquisition related cost? But you’ve also got bonus accrual and pricing and ottheyr factors. Can you call out any significant changes year-to-year on those trends? David Rowland Purely in tthey context of if you laid our first half results last year side-by-side with tthey first half results ttheir year, really tthey two big impacts, and we always start with our segments. But tthey first big impact is H&PS, and if you look at H&PS and if you were to look at tthey rest of tthey Accenture business absent H&PS, in tthey first half of tthey year, absent H&PS, tthey rest of tthey Accenture business was flat in tthey first half of tthey year.  On tthey ottheyr hand, if you look at our inorganic and if you were to look at tthey impact of inorganic in tthey P&L and you look at tthey side-by-side, tthey underlying business or, let’s say tthey organic part of Accenture, tthey margins would’ve expanded significantly in tthey first half of tthey year. And of course, that is our whole model is to expand tthey underlying profitability in order to absorb investments. And, for tthey full year, delivering consistent operating margins is a reflection of that. Rod Bourgeois Got it. So absent acquisitions, your margin expanded. And ttheyn on top of that, is ttheyre some added cost in tthey system because your growth accelerated? Is that an added cost or how do you look at that in terms of its impact? David Rowland Not really. Our business is growing rapidly and we’re constantly in tthey talent market, bringing people on board. Maybe ttheyre’s a little friction cost ttheyre, but it’s just normal business. That’s all within tthey space of our normal supply chain management and hiring activities. Angie Park Hey, Henry, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Pierre will wrap up tthey call. Operator Tthey last question will be from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Just maybe one more on H&PS, I just wanted to get a better understanding of what changed in tthey last quarter, because I know you talked about some renewals and ttheyn you talked about impact of acquisitions over tthey last 12 months. Those just sound like factors that we would’ve been aware of maybe a quarter ago that ttheyre were some pending renewals as well as tthey deals that were already done. So maybe can you just walk us through what kind of changed as far as tthey underlying assumptions ttheyre that led us to wtheyre we are on tthey new outlook for full year margins? David Rowland Nothing materially changed for H&PS. Tthey explanation of H&PS is in tthey context of a year-over-year comparison in tthey context of what we had expected ttheir year. We had expected H&PS’s profitability to be lower, and it’s in tthey range of what we had expected.  Our change in margin outlook for tthey year is really a reflection of a conscious decision we’re making to create tthey right capacity to continue making investments in our business ttheir year in order to continue to execute our strategy, and to do that while, at tthey same time, generating significant returns to our shareholders with strong market leading revenue growth, double-digit EPS growth, and strong market leading cash flow generation.  So, everything is in tthey context of driving significant value to our shareholders and having tthey right investment capacity to position our business for tthey long run. Jason Kupferberg And ttheyn just quickly for my follow-up, are ttheyre any more renewals than average across your business that you see during tthey balance of fiscal ‘18? I know tthey pace of renewals can obviously vary quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. But is fiscal ‘18 a particularly high renewal year or no? David Rowland No. I don’t think anything unusual in that regard. Pierre Nanterme Alright. It’s time to wrap up, and thanks again for joining us today on ttheir call. Just in closing, clearly we a strong momentum in our business, our market leading position in tthey new, we feel very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for our clients, our people, and our shareholders.  We really look forward to talking with you again next quarter, and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference, I mentioned many times in that call, in New York on April 25. In tthey meantime, if you have any questions or calls, please feel free to connect and call Angie and tthey team. All tthey best, talk to you soon and see you in New York. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today through June 28. You may access tthey AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering tthey access code 444873. International participants, dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 444873.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.