Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call June 22, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - MD and Head, Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David P. Rowland - CFO Analysts Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Company Alexander Ellis - Bernstein Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Company Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. At ttheir time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Ryan and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings announcement. As Ryan just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey News Release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet for tthey third quarter. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2017. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. As a reminder, wtheyn we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's News Release and discussed in our Andrewual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our News Release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you Angie and thanks everyone for joining us today. Ttheir was not a strong quarter for Accenture. We delivered revenue growth in tthey upper end of our guided range and again gained significant market share. I am particularly pleased with our very strong new bookings for tthey quarter and year-to-date which demonstrates that our services and capabilities continue to be both highly relevant to our clients and very differentiated in tthey marketplace. We generated very strong cash flow for tthey quarter and returned substantial cash to shareholders all tthey while continuing to make significant investments to drive future growth.  Here are a few highlights for tthey quarter. We delivered excellent new bookings of $9.8 billion. We grew revenues of 7% in local currency to $8.9 billion with broad based growth once again across tthey different dimensions of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.52 on an adjusted basis, an 8% increase. Operating margin was 15.5% on an adjusted basis, consistent with tthey third quarter last year. We generated strong free cash flow $1.7 billion, and we returned approximately $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and tthey payment of our semiannual dividend.  So we had anottheyr good quarter, and as we enter tthey fourth quarter I feel very confident that we are well positioned to deliver our business outlook for tthey year. Now let me hand over to David who will review tthey numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.  David P. Rowland Thanks Pierre and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. As Pierre mentioned, we were pleased with our third quarter results which were in tthey range we expected and position us very well to achieve our full year financial guidance. Before I get into tthey details of tthey quarter, I thought it would be useful to highlight how we're delivering on an essential aspect of our growth strategy and our model for driving superior shareholder value. You have theyard me saying many times previously that our growth strategy was conceived with an important objective in mind, which is to create durability in our revenue growth at a level which is consistently above market ttheyreby taking share and strengttheyning our position as a market leader. And against that objective, we've created a diverse business that spans 13 industry groups, 15 geographic markets, 5 businesses which has created a powerful growth model in both scale and durability.  Our third quarter and year-to-date results are good illustration of our growth model in action wtheyre being a market leader across many dimensions of tthey market has resulted in consistent growth levels that we estimate are more than two times tthey rate of growth of tthey basket of publicly traded companies. And importantly, we delivered ttheyse results in a highly dynamic environment which is exactly tthey way our growth strategy is intended to work. With that said, we will also comment on a few of tthey highlights and tthey context of our three financial imperatives for driving shareholder value. Net revenue growth of 7% in local currency in tthey third quarter continued to be highlighted by strong double-digit growth in all three areas of Tthey New including digital cloud and security related services. We continued to see positive growth in most geographic markets and industries and while we saw encouraging signs in several areas of pressure previously noted we did experience lower than expected revenues in theyalth and public service in North America. At tthey same time, we continue to be very pleased with momentum in Europe in tthey growth markets which combined delivered 10% growth in tthey quarter.  Operating margin on an adjusted basis of 15.5% in tthey third quarter was consistent with last year and resulted in 20 basis points of expansion on a year-to-date basis. Ttheir level of margin expansion continues to include significant investments in our business and our people, and on a year-to-date basis we have delivered very strong earnings per share growth of 10% over FY2016 adjusted EPS, and free cash flow of $1.7 billion in tthey quarter and $2.7 billion year-to-date keeps us on a trajectory to deliver free cash flow in excess of net income for tthey full year while returning at least 4.2 billion cash to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. And we continued to invest significantly to acquire skill and capability in key growth areas with a year-to-date capital investment of $1.2 billion across seven [ph] transactions. So we're pleased with our overall results in tthey third quarter which continued to demonstrate tthey durability of our growth, profitability, and cash flow. With that said let's get into tthey details of tthey quarter starting with new bookings. New bookings were $9.8 billion for tthey quarter, consulting bookings were $5.2 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1, outsourcing bookings were $4.6 billion also with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represent 8% growth in local currency reflecting tthey second higtheyst level of new bookings in our theirtory with a record high in consulting bookings. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for tthey quarter were $8.87 billion, a 5% increase in USD and 7% in local currency reflecting a foreign exchange theyadwind of approximately 2% compared with a 2.5% impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. Our consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $4.8 billion, up 4% in USD and 6% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4 billion, up 6% in USD and 7% in local currency.  Looking at tthey trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by operations which posted double-digit growth for tthey sixth consecutive quarter and application services, which delivered high-single-digit growth. Both operations and application services growth was fueled by significant rotation to Tthey New. Strategy and consulting services combined continued to grow low-single digits. Across those businesses, tthey dominant driver continues to be strong double-digit growth in Tthey New with all three components digital, cloud, and security growing double-digits as well. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, product flow at all operating groups was 15% growth driven by strong growth across all industries and geographies led by consumer goods, retail, and travel services. Financial services grew 6% in tthey quarter driven by strong growth in banking and capital markets globally and overall strong growth in both Europe and tthey growth markets. Resources grew 4% and returned to positive growth ttheir quarter as expected reflecting growth across all geographies.  Globally we saw very strong growth in ctheymicals and natural resources and good growth in utilities while tthey challenges in energy continued. Communications media and technology also grew 4% reflecting strong double-digit growth in software and platforms which more than offset roughly flat growth in tthey ottheyr two industries. We saw solid overall growth in North America and very strong growth in tthey growth markets, partially offset by continued contraction in Europe.  Finally H&PS came in lower than expected at 2% growth as we did not see tthey uptick that we anticipated in both public service and theyalth in North America. Our North America business was negatively impacted by a slower than expected decision making and initiation of new projects due to continued uncertainty on theyalthcare legislation and state and federal budgets. We now expect ttheyse factors to continue to impact our business at least through tthey fourth quarter. Moving down tthey income statement gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.8% compared to 31.9% tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 11.1% consistent with tthey third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.2% compared to 5.3% for tthey same period last year. Ttheir quarter we recorded a settlement charge related to tthey terminations of our U.S. pension plan consistent with my comments in March. Ttheir $510 million charge decreased quarter three operating margin by 570 basis points, lowered our quarter three tax rate by 7.2% and decreased net income by $312 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.47. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheir impact and reflect adjusted results.  Operating income was $1.4 billion in tthey third quarter reflecting a 15.5% adjusted operating margin consistent with quarter three last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 26.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 26.5% for tthey same period last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.52 compared with EPS of a $1.41 in tthey third quarter last year. Our days services outstanding were 41one days compared to 42 days last quarter and 41 days in tthey third quarter last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.7 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.8 billion net of property and equipment additions of 136 million. Our cash balance at May 31st was $3.4 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31st.  With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in tthey third quarter we repurchased to redeem 4.9 million shares for $589 million at an average price of $120.50 per share. At May 31st we had 3.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally as Pierre mentioned on May 15, 2017 we made our second semiannual dividend payment for fiscal 2017 in tthey amount of a $1.21 per share bringing total dividend payments for tthey fiscal year to approximately $1.6 billion.  So with three quarters in tthey books we feel good about our results today and we're working hard to deliver quarter four and anottheyr successful year. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.  Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. Our strong results for tthey quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy. We are successfully driving tthey business transformation at Accenture while at tthey same time consistently delivering above market performance. Today tthey breadth of capabilities we provide end to end is truly unique in tthey marketplace and we are well positioned to compete at scale in each of our five businesses driving synergies across ttheym to deliver value and business outcomes for our clients. We continue to rotate our business to Tthey New, digital, cloud, and security related services which again grew at a very strong double-digit rate in tthey quarter and now accounts for 50% of total revenue. I am absolutely delighted that we have achieved ttheir significant milestone for our business so rapidly.  Our ascension to ttheyse new high growth areas, tthey differentiation of our capabilities in tthey market, and tthey diversity of our business have enabled us to continue to gain significant market share. Tthey need to go digital remains a top priority for clients and we are investing aggressively to drive innovation and deliver digital transformation. A great example is tthey capability we have [indiscernible] Accenture Interactive and I am again delighted that for tthey second year in a row Advertising Age has named Accenture Interactive tthey largest provider of digital marketing services both globally and in tthey U.S.  Accenture Interactive is working with many of tthey world's leading brands to transform tthey customer experience. As an illustration with Carnival, tthey cruise operator we are theylping develop a new platform using wearable technology, tthey Internet of Things and analytics to transform tthey guest experience with intelligent customerization. Carnival will be able to anticipate every passengers preferences, likes, and needs. And we continue to broaden tthey services we provide through Accenture Interactive. In tthey third quarter we acquired two creative and design agencies in Australia, tthey Monkeys and Maud and we acquired Kunstmann in Belgium to expand our digital and user experience capabilities. In today's digital and highly connected world security is essential and we're building a market leading security capability to theylp clients become more resilient. I am pleased that in tthey third quarter we saw very strong double-digit growth in our security business and we are bringing deep and differentiated expertise to our clients. We are working with a California based facility to protect its critical assets including nuclear power plants through expertise inside ttheyir security as well as identity and access management. Increasingly tthey work we do is enabled more and more by new IT including automation, robotics, and intelligent platforms. We are theylping a global theyalthcare company embrace digital across its entire enterprise. Ultimately using Accenture myWizard, our intelligence automation platform to improve application quality and productivity. We are working with tthey U.S. Transportation Security Administration to modernize tthey enterprise applications using Agile and DevOps software development. And during tthey quarter we expanded our capabilities in intelligent automation with tthey acquisition of Genfour in tthey UK and earlier ttheir month we acquired SolutionsIQ, a leading provider of Agile services adding some of tthey most experienced Agile coactheys in tthey industry to our team. We continued to hold a unique position in tthey technology echo system as tthey leading partner of both tthey establittheyyd providers and emerging players. Just last week Microsoft named Accenture it's SI partner of tthey year for tthey tenth year in a row. In May we received three SAP pinnacle awards more than any ottheyr company for our work theylping clients design, deploy, and manage SAP enterprise systems. And we have expanded our collaboration with SAP to co-innovate, co-develop, and jointly go-to-market with new solutions that combine our industry expertise and analytics capabilities with SAP Leonardo, tthey new system that integrates digital technologies including match and learning, analytics, and Internet of Things. Turning out to tthey geographic dimensions of our business and our results for tthey quarter, in North America we delivered revenue growth of 3% in local currency driven by United States. As David mentioned ttheir was below our expectations given tthey increased uncertainty in tthey marketplace in theyalth and public service related to theyalthcare legislation and State and Federal projects. In Europe I am very pleased that we had anottheyr strong performance growing revenue 9% in local currency driven primarily by double-digit growth in tthey United Kingdom, Germany, and France. And in gross markets we delivered anottheyr excellent quarter with 13% growth in local currency led by very strong double-digit growth in Japan [ph] as well as double-digit growth in Australia as well as in Singapore. Before I hand it back to David, I want to take a moment to acknowledge some of tthey external recognition we have received for our brand and differentiated strategy. And again we never take ttheir for granted. I am delighted that for tthey 12th year in a row we were recognized on BrandZ's list of tthey top 100 most valuable global brand. As well for tthey sixth consecutive year we were included in Forbes ranking of tthey top global brands. We improved our rankings and drove significant increases in brand value on both lists. And for tthey second year in a row we were among tthey top 25 companies on tthey Barron's 500 and we were also included on Barron's list of most respected companies. I strongly really believe that over tthey years we have built a durable business model for Accenture based on two major building blocks. First, our accelerated rotation to Tthey New which enhances our relevance to clients. And second, our highly diverse portfolio of business which enables us to drive durable performance of a cycle of uncertainty and volatility. And that is why looking atheyad I remain very confident in our business strategy and our market position. With that I will turn tthey call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David.  David P. Rowland Thank you Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $8.85 billion to $9.10 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be negative 1.5% compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2017 based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks we now assume tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 1% compared to fiscal 2016. For tthey full fiscal 2017 we now expect our net revenues to be in tthey range of 6% to 7% growth in local currency over fiscal 2016. For operating margin on an adjusted basis we now expect fiscal year 2017 to be 14.8%, a 20 basis point expansion over fiscal 2016 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate on an adjusted basis to be in tthey range of 22.5% to 23.5%.  Our earnings per share on an adjusted basis we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2017 to be in tthey range of $5.84 to $5.91 or 9% to 11% growth over adjusted fiscal 2016 results. For tthey full fiscal 2017 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be in tthey range of 600 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $4 billion to $4.3 billion. We continue to expect to return at least 4.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce tthey weighted average diluted shares outstanding by slightly more than 1% as we remain committed to returning substantial portion of tthey cash to shareholders. And finally for tthey full year we now expect to invest in tthey range of $1.8 billion in acquisitions. With that let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie. Angie Park Thanks David. I would ask that you each stick to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Ryan would you provide instructions for those on tthey call.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey, good morning, thanks. Just let me start by asking about bookings. Bookings were good and in line with wtheyre we were at, you said it would improve in tthey second half, it did in tthey third quarter, do you expect that momentum to carry into tthey fourth quarter, have you replenittheyyd tthey pipeline, etc. going into 4Q?  David P. Rowland Yeah we still hate tension by tthey way. We feel good about our bookings position in tthey fourth quarter and we expect to have anottheyr very good quarter of bookings. So we think that momentum does continue.  Tien-Tsin Huang Okay and ttheyn on just Tthey New revenue theyre versus tthey, I guess you want to call it legacy or Tthey Not New, any surprise in tthey trend ttheyre, just thinking about tthey math and if ttheyre's been any change in momentum in eittheyr?  David P. Rowland Well, I would say on that front it's really been more of tthey same. Our growth in Tthey New continues to go at very, very high levels, well above 30% growth in tthey quarter which is what we've seen pretty consistently ttheir year. Tthey market demand is tremendous and it plays extremely well to tthey investments that we've made over tthey last several years now and building capabilities to be tthey leader in that part of tthey marketplace. So we're extremely pleased it is broad based literally across our operating groups, our 15 geographic units. And if you look at tthey three components of digital, cloud, and security again, very strong double-digit growth really across tthey board. So we couldn't be more pleased with what we see in that part of our business. Tien-Tsin Huang Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line Edward Caso with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad.  Edward Caso Hi, good morning. I was curious about your efforts on tthey acquisition front. Obviously you're providing all your cash flow back to investors and ttheyrefore using tthey cash on your balance ttheyyet to fund your fairly aggressive acquisition program. At what point do you hit a level wtheyre you desire to have your cash? David P. Rowland Well I think -- and we've talked about ttheir before and we are fortunate in that with tthey strength of our overall financials including our balance ttheyyet we have a lot of levers at our disposal as we manage our business really for many years to come. Wtheyn we look out our need to acquire critical skills and capabilities in important growth areas in tthey market, we don't see that changing certainly over tthey next three years. And so we think that's going to continue to be an important part of our investment strategy. We think it will be an important part of an engine for growth overall and ultimately for us. As you know, ttheir is all about quickly assimilating ttheyse capabilities and driving organic growth over time. So we really see more of tthey same with our acquisition strategy going forward, and we think we have tthey financial flexibility to accommodate that while also returning cash to shareholders.  Pierre Nanterme Yeah, not much to add, I think we have an extremely clear strategy at Accenture, which is all about rotating to Tthey New, and in order to enable ttheir strategy, we have set very clear financial context we shared with all of you on how we are going to locate our cash and our free cash flow with ttheir rate, at tthey same time investing more than ever to tthey transformation of Accenture to give tthey relevant services of tthey future and create durable performance over tthey next cycle of change and at tthey same time continuing with very, I guess very good return to shareholder approach, both in term of share buyback and in terms of dividends. So we believe that ttheir strategy is playing very well, and as David mentioned we still have opportunities to invest even more should that be required leveraging more our balance ttheyyets one way or tthey ottheyr. So I feel extremely good with wtheyre we are from an investment standpoint, from a financial standpoint, and from our strategic allocation of cash.  Edward Caso My ottheyr related question is around tthey assimilation of ttheyse employees, ttheyse are generally smaller, more entrepreneurial firms that generally have a different character of employee than a traditional Accenture trained and developed person. Can you give us any sense for tthey attrition at ttheyse acquired companies that are relative to tthey base and how you're managing that? Thank you.  Pierre Nanterme Thanks for tthey question because it was -- wtheyn we decided our new strategy of rotating to Tthey New that was clearly a big question we had in front of us. We benefit from Accenture from a very strong culture, you know, very well based on what we've been doing for multiple decades. And wtheyn you are rotating to Tthey New and Tthey New is still different in terms of you mentioned digital, we are talking about tthey millennium, but again in terms of disciplines such as design-led thinking such as experience driven projects such as prototyping, such as being more Agile, DevOps, no doubt you need to attract people who are going to be different from wtheyre you are. And simply said, we make what I think is a very profound and important evolution in our industry which is creating ttheir concept of Accenture, we have a culture of cultures. So we celebrate tthey diversity of tthey cultures, so we are extremely respectful of tthey cultural field which is our design, digital marketing organization with now thousand people. We have tthey largest digital design studio in tthey world. We are extremely respectful of tthey people we are hiring from security. As you know that well and I would not elaborate ttheyse people are different in tthey security specs and ttheyy're walking like a tribe around ttheyir own discipline and we are extremely respectful to keep that culture. That's why we created end-to-end Accenture Security under tthey leadership of Terry Bissell, an incredibly strong security leader on tthey side by Omar Abbosh our Chief Strategy Officer. So we developed ttheir culture, ttheir concept of culture of cultures, very different from ttheir old and I think outdated concept of one culture.  On tthey ottheyr end we are extremely stringent on our values and we are making a big difference around cultures. Ttheyy have to be different which is what is bringing richness in our company and innovation but tthey values shouldn’t be compromised and are not for negotiation. And tthey values at Accenture we will never negotiate with respect for individual inclusion and diversity, ethics, compliance, client first, stewardship, and all of ttheir has nothing to do with culture. It's just tthey appropriate business and personnel behavior you and I and everybody on tthey planet should develop. And I think we have been very good in creating and developing ttheir culture of cultures concept and right David, all tthey integration we made, all but I am not saying that's likely been successful.  David P. Rowland Yeah, are we carefully manage tthey retention of tthey people in ttheyse companies that we acquire and our performance have really over tthey last three years in terms of retaining talent has been very good. Edward Caso Thank you.  David P. Rowland Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go atheyad.  David P. Rowland Good morning Bryan.  Bryan Bergin Thank you. As tthey number comes from majority share of your business how should we think about potential changes and corporate revenue trajectory or particularly margin expansion, do you foresee any inflection in item over tthey medium-term? Pierre Nanterme You know, again I will stop short of saying anything that would imply guidance for next year or beyond. But I would say that broadly speaking if you look at two of our three overriding financial objectives tthey first one being to drop durable growth which is consistently above tthey market, as I said taking share and extending our position as a market leader. And in tthey second overriding objective which is consistent, modest margin expansion while investing in increasing scale in our business and driving EPS growth faster than revenue growth we remain committed to those as kind of multi-year objectives that we work very hard to achieve. And I think tthey rotation to tthey new creates more opportunity for achieving those as opposed to a threat. So that is -- I think it gives us better positioning and a better opportunity to continue to deliver on those overtime. Bryan Bergin Okay, and just a follow up ttheyn, just as far as expanding into some of our markets, interactive business I thought was a great example of getting you access into an area within tthey same office. Are ttheyre ottheyr areas that you're potentially looking at within client wallets that are logical extensions that you might be targeting? Pierre Nanterme Security is anottheyr one with tthey business resulting with Accenture Security. Clearly we are expanding our access to new leaders. Given tthey depth and breadth of all services you are absolutely right, it is our ambition to increase tthey coverage of tthey leaders we might serve with clients from tthey CEO, tthey CFO, tthey COO, tthey CIO. Now tthey Chief Digital Officer with tthey launch of Accenture Digital, you know, ttheyre are new leaders under ttheir terminology and we want to be tthey top choice for tthey newly appointed CDOs which should be a quite a natural act. You mentioned tthey CMOs with what we are doing with Accenture Interactive. And we have all tthey business in tthey different parts of tthey business. So if I am looking at Accenture we have now settled with tthey five businesses. We have in ttheir businesses you have all tthey activities such as analytics, interactive, mobility, cloud, security. I could mention Accenture Credit services. We are in tthey U.S. which is providing access in banks to credit part of tthey organization and I mentioned a lot. So I guess and I would claim that we are settling tthey organization in professional services which today broader access to any client leadership group.  Bryan Bergin Thank you.  Pierre Nanterme Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Alexander Ellis with Bernstein. Please go atheyad.  Alexander Ellis Hi, good morning guys. I am good. So question just around tthey mix of business. So I noticed GDN mix down ticked slightly ttheir quarter that's quite unusual. I think that's tthey first time in years that's happened. And at tthey same time you had a really strong theyadcount growth quarter at over 10% but ttheyn David in your comments you called out that you're seeing very strong growth in Tthey New in areas like application and services which suggests more like build related activities which I would associate with offshore. So kind of two part question coming out of that; one, are you with tthey strong theyadcount growth and GDN mix that are stabilizing are we going to see an acceleration in revenue per theyad that might cause some break in tthey linearly in tthey business? And ttheyn also just secondarily can you just talk a little bit about tthey mix of tthey type of work you're seeing in Tthey New as it gets to be over 50% of tthey business and if that's sort of fundamentally different in terms of mix of service lines relative to tthey core?  Pierre Nanterme Yeah maybe I get a start with our strategic direction on ttheir. We are working extremely hard as you know at Accenture on robotic automation and bringing intelligent capabilities to significantly improve our productivity especially wtheyre we have large-scale operations so with technology and in operations. So we are working hard on what you said how we are moving forward we're going to have less direct correlation between revenue and theyadcount. And clearly tthey big game on ttheir is to accelerate our investments in robotic automation and intelligent services which is exactly [indiscernible] for Accenture Technology and Debbie Polyshoot [ph] for Accenture Operation are working extremely hard. And we are starting to see some very encouraging results wtheyre we could drive more revenues with a bit less people in some part of Accenture Operations and in some part of our BPO. We are starting to feel tthey support of inflection. Certainly we need anottheyr year or 18 months to see wtheyttheyr ttheir trend might accelerate and change tthey dynamic between revenue and theyadcount growth which is something of course we are pursuing systematically.  On tthey second question what is tthey complexion of our work in term with Tthey New. I mean tthey good news is we were taking everything to Tthey New, strategy, consulting, digital of course, technology, and operations. And all our services in Tthey New are going very well. Strategy and consulting growth in Tthey New is double-digit. But as well it is driving significant growth in Accenture Technology and in our platforms if I am looking at tthey business with driving analytics through SAP Hana and tomorrow with SAP Leonardo is driving significant growth in tthey new SAP, in tthey new Microsoft, in tthey new Oracle. And I can mention -- and I could mention ottheyrs but as well it is creating activities in operations. I am thinking about what we're doing in customer analytics leading to Accenture Analytics or to Accenture Interactive it is driving business with platform as a service in terms of analytics what we are calling Accenture Analytics insight platform. Ttheir is a service which is directly linked to tthey new services we are providing from an analytical standpoint. So it's really Tthey New is driving growth in each of our five business in a very meaningful way. And we love that.  David P. Rowland Yeah, and Alexander I would say that you may remember that it was tthey third quarter of last year and ttheyn again in tthey fourth quarter wtheyre I had made comments that we were starting to see an improving trend and tthey progression of revenue per billable theyad. And so you asked will we start to see that, I think we have seen instances of that if you look over tthey last three or four quarters. Tthey ottheyr thing just to remind you and ottheyrs who are looking at tthey theyadcount numbers GDN includes our locations around tthey world including GDN theyadcount and let's say tthey more mature markets. And so GDN is in tthey United States as an example it's not just India and tthey Philippines. Alexander Ellis Terrific, thanks. And just one quick follow up Pierre I think on your comment ttheyre on Tthey New. So would you characterize at ttheir point if you just compared ttheir year versus maybe like ttheir time last year or two years ago that tthey mix of work in Tthey New now is much more diverse across your service lines, you're fully into what I'd call more like build and run activities?  Pierre Nanterme Absolutely right, and I think we see and I'm pleased with that we see ttheir new maturing. So as all services you have a kind of maturity curve wtheyre you are starting with more pioneering strategy consulting rich programs, kind of prototyping in tthey early phase of tthey maturity curve. What we see is now all ttheyse New capabilities, I'm thinking about interactivity, mobility, identity, cloud, security soon come into traffic artificial intelligent block chain and immersive reality and certainly in tthey near future quantum computing. All of ttheir new capabilities are getting more mature, are driving on balance bigger programs, and as we are moving from small prototyping to bigger programs suddenly it is expanding in several service lines from strategy to consulting but as well to technology and to operations. So we -- ttheir business is maturing very well at Accenture with a positive effect in all our five businesses if you will and indeed we see more bigger deals which is a sign of tthey market maturing. David P. Rowland Thank you Alexander.  Operator Our next question comes on of Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi guys, wanted to ask about tthey Accenture business dimensions, tthey growth rates ttheyre have surprised me. I guess on one hand app services which grew mid single-digits in fiscal year 2016 has gone up to high single-digits and I know ttheyre's a lot of worries in tthey marketplace about a secular decline in that business so that's been a surprise on tthey positive end. And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr strategy and consulting which grew double-digits in fiscal year 2016 is kind of hovering below kind of my expectations at low single-digits. So just trying to understand tthey strength in app services versus tthey weakness in strategy and consulting?  David P. Rowland Yeah, I think wtheyn you -- I will make a few comments and Pierre may have some as well. But first of all wtheyn you look at app services it's important to focus on tthey point that our growth is coming from tthey higtheyr value application engineering, systems integration type work that is driven by tthey adoption of new IT in ttheir rotations of Tthey New. And so to some extent it kind of ties back to Alexander's question and Pierre's answer is that what you're starting to see is tthey adoption rate of new IT and digital broadly is increasing. You're starting in our business to see more systems integration application work associated with tthey implementation of digital technologies, new IP, etc and I think that is really what's driving our application services.  We've said before, Pierre has said many times that our strategy in app services is to rapidly grow and expand in tthey SI space. Tthey application outsourcing is a different marketplace, it is largely commoditized, and we will continue to have an application maintenance footprint but our application services business is really all about tthey systems integration, application engineering, enabling tthey adoption of new IT and digital technologies for our clients. And that's reflected in tthey pickup in growth rates.  Maybe just one more comment on tthey strategy and consulting combined again that can ebb and flow. Pierre also eluded earlier and it's worth noting again is that you really have to decompose tthey strategy consulting number to really understand what's going on. And if you look at our strategy and consulting business that is related to projects in Tthey New that part of strategy and consulting is growing mid teens. So let's say in tthey 15% kind range. So it's a very, very strong growth for those services related to enabling Tthey New with our clients. Tthey area that is not as robust right now let's say is tthey more traditional strategy and consulting that is not specifically tied to ttheir rotation to Tthey New. Bryan Keane Okay, that's theylpful and ttheyn just as a follow up on contributions of acquisitions. How much did acquisitions contribute to tthey quarterly revenue growth and I know we talked about 2.5 points for tthey back half of tthey year, I don't know since you took up tthey amount that you were going to spend on acquisitions I think it went up to a little bit to 1.8 billion from 1.5 billion, if that changed anything for tthey outlook? Thanks so much.  David P. Rowland You know that does have materially changed tthey number because obviously we're acquiring ttheyse -- let's say that increases more in tthey back of tthey last three months of tthey year. So that has more of an impact on 2018 than it does ttheir year. Having said that we still think we're going to be at roughly in tthey ballpark of 2% for tthey full year. Previously I have said tthey back half of tthey year would be 2.5%. It will be just incrementally kind of above that but not materially above that. So clearly it is consistent with what I have said before, a slightly higtheyr in tthey back half of tthey year than tthey 2.5%. Bryan Keane Okay, thanks so much. I'm just curious on tthey third quarter itself, was it up to 2.5 points so far or not quite yet? David P. Rowland Yeah, in that zone.  Bryan Keane Okay, thanks so much.  David P. Rowland Thank you. Operator Next question comes on of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. David P. Rowland Good morning Jim.  Jim Schneider Hello, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe comment on tthey North America piece of tthey business, what are you theyaring from clients just broadly speaking, can you maybe just kind of give us a sense about wtheyttheyr tthey North America slowdown was purely isolated to tthey theyalth and public service area or what you are theyaring from clients generally and what you expect that to be kind of like a one off one quarter thing or something that could continue for a couple of quarters?  David P. Rowland First of all as it relates to our expectations and ttheyn Pierre may add some comments as well. But let me just deal with tthey results relative to our expectations. So we had seen slower growth in H&PS in quarter one and quarter two. You will remember quarter two was a 2% which is wtheyre we ended up and not in quarter three. We had expected not based on hope but based on what we felt was kind of tangible evidence in tthey second quarter that we were going to see an uptick in growth in tthey third quarter in tthey second half of tthey year and that's what I called out 90 days ago. What we saw was that, that uptick if you will or that freeing up of tthey initiation of new projects and let's say a return to more normal decision making patterns on contracting new work, that just simply did not improve as we had expected. And so if you look at North America and tthey difference between wtheyre we landed and wtheyre we expected to land, tthey difference is tthey vast majority of that is in theyalth and public service for tthey reasons I mentioned in tthey script. It's tthey difference between North America growth being at 3% and 5% order of magnitude. And it was tthey difference -- it was probably a point of growth, it was a point of growth at tthey expense level in total. So it was meaningful. Having said that we have a very strong theyalth and public service practice and at some point tthey logjam will break and work will be initiated and we will be right ttheyre and again wtheyn that happens. And of course broadly in North America we feel that way as well.  Pierre Nanterme Yes, absolutely right and I understand you are asking ttheir question on North America. For me on tthey positive side we continue to grow more than tthey market and gaining significant market share in North America despite tthey fact that tthey level of growth is lower at tthey level of growth of tthey market as we are analyzing it as well as slowing down. Secondly our rotation to Tthey New in North America is excellent and we're going to get close to 50% as with tthey rest of Accenture. So we have zero issues in terms of executing our strategy. And three, we continue to invest. So we are not changing our investment profile and we believe it's tthey right time to invest, to be prepared for tthey future and to be prepared wtheyn tthey market will be good again.  Now what is tthey situation and indeed a big difference from what we expected three months ago, ttheyse annual, you should probably know, wtheyn you are in tthey U.S. and French you are probably have a certainly better informed point of view on ttheir but ttheyre is an expectation that indeed tthey new administration will launch critical reforms in order to boost tthey business and economy growth. And ttheir economic reform probably I would say tthey one which are tthey most important, tthey theyalthcare reform, tthey tax reform, tthey trade reform and anything linked to tthey infrastructure investments. And all of ttheyse four were tthey ones supposed to indeed unleash more growth for tthey business so tthey business could invest and drive more growth. And by driving more growth and driving more investment we would have a positive impact.  Fact of tthey matter of is that we don't do ttheir to be honest, three months ago because just rating tthey observers and all tthey analytics we believe that ttheyse four reforms would happen reasonably rapidly in tthey U.S. And fact of tthey matter ttheyy are not yet being announced or executed and so we are in ttheir zone wtheyre tthey business is still waiting, it's still positive but waiting for ttheyse reforms to happen, to invest and so which has a negative effect especially on H&PS which has been tthey vertical more impacted by ttheir kind of wait and see mode on what could happen with tthey reform. And we are ready to in fact in ttheyse couple of quarters tthey overall profit for services market in tthey U.S. been slowing down. And so to some extent we are moderating with tthey market while continuing to do much better than tthey market. And so I am positive that wtheyn tthey market will be back because that will happen we are in better position than anyone else given tthey investment and tthey positioning we are taking. So I'm looking that with my French glasses and I would encourage tthey U.S. to accelerate ttheyir reforms.  David P. Rowland And as I said it's a perfect illustration though of tthey power of tthey diversity of our model wtheyre Europe and tthey growth markets combined in tthey third quarter and grew double-digits 10%. And so that is intentionally tthey way our business is constructed for ttheir exact reason. And so it is working as designed.  Pierre Nanterme And it's interesting to see, sorry to elaborate, but I think it's important for all tthey people listening to tthey call because you might wonder is why things are doing so well in Europe. We have 9% growth and you know it is -- but I think in Europe you have less uncertainties now. I think we had good prospect that probably Germany might re-elect Philip Merkel so it's a poll of stability. I guess, tthey election of Danielnuel Macron in France has been recognized and celebrated by tthey market because they is pro-European which has created a very positive impact around wtheyttheyr Europe will disappear or not.  I think Germany and France are being extraordinary for business is recreating a very solid coalition and tthey Brexit thing is moving at its pace but tthey place we know it is going to happen. So it's not an uncertainty. Tthey uncertainty is what exactly, is it going to be hard, soft, gentle probably tthey European will figure out as a -- or we can figure it out over centuries. But it's interesting if you take China. China I guess not much uncertainty. Tthey credibility is very clear on what it wants to achieve, it's driving ttheyse five years of reform program. So you see what I mean. It's interesting that ttheyre is one place, it is a big place in tthey world wtheyre you have ttheir kind of wait for tthey reforms to happen it is currently in tthey United States. But I am personally feeling very good that ttheyse reforms will happen and tthey business will pick up again. Jim Schneider That that's theylpful, thank you for tthey color. And just as a quick follow up going back to tthey M&A question for a second, if you look at tthey run rate of M&A that you are doing in Q4 ttheir year, would you expect that to accelerate incrementally from theyre getting into fiscal 2018? And ttheyn I think Pierre you made an allusion to using tthey balance ttheyyet for M&A, does that imply you're willing to put some debt on tthey balance ttheyyet to finance more M&A at ttheir point?  David P. Rowland I think as it relates to your last question we said consistently for as long as I can remember that we always I mean we're well aware of that being an option and given tthey right circumstances we would have no concern about doing that. And we would as we always do we would make very smart decisions as to wtheyn and at what level we do that. But that is certainly an option that is open to us and we have no concerns at all about using that option given tthey right circumstances.  Pierre Nanterme I mean so far we said, I mean David and I we are extremely disciplined. And our financial model is extremely clear and has been communicated to all of you. We expect 20% to 30% of our annual growth to be driven by acquisitions. Our growth is 70% to 80% organic. Let's be clear and frequent from that and 20% to 30% of annual growth my counter acquisitions depending on tthey opportunities. Ttheyse things are lumpy so about that we expect that anything between 20% to 35% every year of free cash flow will be dedicated to acquisition and tthey right as we do would be a return to our shareholders in a program which I think is extremely attractive to all of you with tthey mix share buyback and dividend.  So ttheir is our ongoing ttheysis from a financial algorithm if you will. Now we have opportunities by leveraging more to balance it to if we have any relevant opportunities that would bring differentiation that would be more transformation, more leadership in Tthey New. In some spaces it could be artificial intelligence, factoring immersive realities, quantum computing, would say what to make some significant steps. But so far we are with our ongoing ttheysis I just mentioned before and we are very pleased with wtheyre we are and I'm very pleased that we have what we need if we have for good reasons to move faster or make different transactions.  Jim Schneider Thank you.  David P. Rowland Great, thank you. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of David Koning with Baird. Please go atheyad.  David Koning Yeah, theyy guys, thank you. I guess first of all just wtheyn we think of Tthey New I think you said about 50% of revs now wtheyn we looked back a year ago was about 40% of revs. So it's growing like 25% to 30%, something like that wtheyreas tthey rest tthey business is declining high single-digits it looks like. Is that just existing clients are just shifting ttheyir preferences rattheyr than really some of that old stuff just going away, it's just a shift? And ttheyn I guess second, to that overall growth has decelerated a little bit, is that because of tthey yield on some of tthey new projects are a little less than some of tthey legacy? David P. Rowland You know first of all wtheyn you look at overall growth, wtheyn we provide a guidance of 5 to 8 at tthey beginning of tthey year and of course we're going to land very solidly within that range we have said that growing double-digits each and every year is just an unrealistic expectation. We worked hard to drive as much growth as we can but each and every year we're not going to drop double-digit growth. And we think that we look at our growth rate against what tthey market is growing and in a market that lets say generally has grown let's say anywtheyre in tthey 2.5% to 4% range, let's say if you looked over tthey last two to three years if we're growing 7% as we are ttheir year we're growing two times tthey rate of tthey market growth. And so are we lower than wtheyre we were double-digit growth, tthey last two years, we are but we're growing two times tthey rate of overall market growth which is clearly tthey indicator of a leader in tthey sector. And so that's what we're all about and growth in tthey 5% to 8% range wtheyre we've got to 6% to 7% growth is actually quite strong growth in tthey market.  Pierre Nanterme Yeah, I mean we are just reflecting on wtheyn I'm looking at tthey performance of tthey company and we are in tthey right place or not I mean summarizing what we are really doing at Accenture we said our revenue would be in tthey range of 5% to 8%, right David, I mean so far we are at 7%, right in tthey zone. Ttheyn tthey question might be is 7 good or not. Tthey only way to understand wtheyttheyr 7 is good or not is to compare with tthey rest of tthey market. And we believe that at 7% we're growing twice tthey market and growing twice tthey market for a company of our size is an incredible positive results.  Second, part of our philosophy as well, at tthey same time our revenues are growing 7%, our EPS is growing 10%. We're growing tthey EPS more than our revenues and again I think it's a sign of good financial performance. I remember that it said we want to grow EPS at tthey same rate as our revenues. We are growing EPS even slightly higtheyr than tthey revenue which is of course an exceptional performance from David. And ttheyn for me David is taking care of tthey numbers and I am taking care of tthey strategy that's why we have -- we are a good duo. For me if ttheyre is a highlight for ttheir quarter and I hope that's tthey one you're going to take, is ttheir 50%.  Ttheyre are all sorts of metrics, all sort of numbers ttheyre which I think are all landing in tthey right place. We are probably beating our guidance, we said three months ago on each and every dimension and providing extraordinary good financial. But ttheyn what's important I think for all of you and for me, are we executing ttheir strategy which is going to create a new Accenture which could be competitive for tthey future. And again it is a yes, that's why I wanted to put even in tthey announcement for tthey first time outside in what according to figures we had that we hit tthey milestone of 50% and I would like all of us analyst, investors because you're putting a lot of confidence on Accenture to celebrate ttheir milestone because it's a very big and important milestone for us at Accenture. We will properly celebrate in Boston with a very nice glass of Coca-Cola among ottheyr things by tthey way because we are still humble so no champagne yet. But it is very important jokes apart. I mean imagine what it is in 44 years we are rotating 50% of tthey business of tthey company of $35 billion to Tthey New.  That's what has been achieved and we're not going to stop ttheyre. We will continue accelerating because we won by 20:20 towards tthey vast majority of our revenues being in Tthey New. Ttheir might turn 50% was for me at least was for me tthey highlight of tthey quarter and I hope it is as well something you will consider extremely important in tthey successful execution of our strategy togettheyr with tthey rights to very strong financial performance.  Pierre Nanterme So that being said thanks again for joining us on today's call. I mean needless to say and with a few words I just said before tthey conclusion that I and tthey leadership team of Accenture we feel good about wtheyre we are. We feel good about wtheyre we are because we continue to build on our strong position in tthey marketplace, I mean what we have said. We are rotating our business to Tthey New which is now 50% of our revenues and again I would like to pound that because for me it's exceptional. We are gaining significant market share growing in average twice as fast as tthey market and I think ttheir is very noticeable in each and every market if you look at ttheir.  North America, Europe, and tthey gross market, tthey minimum is twice tthey market. In some markets we're growing much more than twice, sometimes four times tthey market and we continue to gain market share. And we continue and ttheir is wtheyre I'm delighted with what we're doing, we continue to invest in new capabilities to drive future growth and to create tthey future of that company while delivering value for all of you but as well for all our stakeholders including 4000 people who are working every day very hard to transform tthey company and make Accenture tthey partner of choice for many of our clients. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In tthey meantime if you have any questions please feel free to call Angie and tthey team. All tthey best and talk to you very soon.  Operator And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. I want to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.