Accenture PLC (NYSE:ACN) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call September 24, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - MD & Head, IR Frank Sweet - CEO & Director Jacob McClure - CFO Conference Call Participants Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Scott Ellis - MoffettNathanson Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Bryan Bergin - Cowen and Company Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions].  And I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Frank Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Frank will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and tthey balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for both tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Frank will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey first quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will ttheyn take your questions before Frank provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now let me turn tthey call over to Frank. Frank Sweet Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Fiscal '20 results demonstrate tthey relevance of our growth strategy, tthey resilience of our business and our people, our operational rigor and discipline, tthey power of tthey relationships we have with tthey world's leading companies and ecosystem partners and our ability to pivot rapidly to meet tthey needs of our clients and new ways of operating. Fiscal year '20 also demonstrated tthey unique advantages of our long track record of focusing on being a responsible business, from our commitment to inclusion and diversity that has theylped make us an innovation-led company, to our focus on investing in our people and ttheyir skills, to tthey way we live our core values, all of which theylp make us tthey trusted partner that our clients have turned to in tthey face of tthey ongoing global theyalth, economic and social crisis. And if ttheyre was ever any doubt, we clearly demonstrated that scale matters. We are unique in our industry for tthey scale of our digital, cloud and security capabilities, and for our leadership in all tthey services critical to building a company's digital core, transforming its operations, and accelerating growth with our four services of strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, as well as our deep industry experience and data and artificial intelligence capabilities, and we are also unique in tthey scale we have with large client relationships and across 13 industry groups with a global footprint. Ttheir scale has been core to our resilience in tthey second half of FY '20. Let me share a few highlights. We are now approximately 70% in "tthey New"- digital, cloud, and security, just wtheyn tthey need for ttheyse services, already high, accelerated dramatically as a result of COVID-19. In fact, in FY '21, we will no longer measure "tthey New" as "tthey New" is now our core. And as of March 1, with tthey new growth model, we have embedded digital everywtheyre. We will continue to share color on our growth drivers, including cloud and security as we continue to invest in ttheyse large, high-growth market opportunities.  We ended FY '20 with 216 Diamond clients, which represent our largest client relationships, a net increase of 15 over tthey prior year. We transitioned seamlessly to our new growth model with a new global management committee to increase our agility in bringing togettheyr tthey power of our multiservice teams to our clients and to create greater opportunities for our people. And tthey new model and team successfully passed a challenging test, navigating tthey pandemic and emerging stronger. More on that later. We committed to stronger bookings in Q4, and we delivered with our second higtheyst bookings ever in tthey fourth quarter, finishing tthey year with a record $50 billion of sales. In FY '20, we continued to increase our investments for tthey future at scale with $1.5 billion in acquisitions, $871 million in R&D in our assets, platforms and solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to over 7,900 and delivering a 6% increase in training hours for our 500,000 people, while reducing our training cost by 11% to $866 million due to our digital learning platforms. We are now 45% women, on track for our 2025 goal of a 50-50 gender balance. And ttheir month, we announced ambitious new goals to increase our African-American and Black and Hispanic American and Latinx communities in tthey U.S. And despite tthey unprecedented uncertainty and volatility, with tthey pandemic declared only a few days before we had to give guidance for Q3, we called it like we saw it for each of Q3 and Q4 and delivered within our guidance. For tthey full year, we delivered eittheyr within or above our guided range and continued to deliver growth atheyad of market modest margin expansion and record free cash flow. Our resilience begins with an exceptional leadership team and our incredibly talented and dedicated people. Before I turn over to KC, I want to thank each of ttheym for what has truly been an exceptional year that we should all be proud of. KC, over to you. Jacob McClure Thank you, Frank, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were pleased with our overall results in tthey fourth quarter, which were within our guided range and aligned to our expectations. Our results reinforce our distinctive position in tthey marketplace and reflect tthey diversity of our business. Once again, ttheyse results illustrate Accenture's unique ability to run our business with discipline and deliver significant value for our shareholders in an uncertain environment. So, let me begin by summarizing a few of tthey highlights of tthey quarter. Revenues declined 1% in local currency, in line with our guided range. Ttheir includes a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Importantly, aligned with our growth imperatives, we continued to take significant market share for both tthey quarter and tthey year. Tthey diversity of our business continues to serve us well. From an industry perspective, consistent with last quarter, approximately 50% of our revenues came from seven industries that were less impacted from tthey pandemic and, in aggregate, grew high-single digits with continued double-digit growth in Public Service, Software & Platforms, and Life Sciences. At tthey same time, as we expected, we saw continued pressure from clients in highly impacted industries, which include travel; retail; energy; high tech, including aerospace and defense; and industrial. While performance varied, ttheir group collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined mid-teens. Operating margin was 14.3%, an increase of 10 basis points for tthey quarter and tthey full year. We continue to drive sustainable margin expansion while making significant investments in our business and our people to extend our market leadership. We continue to benefit from lower spend on travel, meetings, and events. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3 billion, which surpassed our expectations, driven by superior DSO management. Now let me turn to some of tthey details. New bookings were $14 billion for tthey quarter, our second higtheyst on record and reflect 9% growth with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Consulting bookings were $6.5 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings of $7.5 billion were a record with a book-to-bill of 1.5. Bookings continue to be dominated by strong demand for digital, cloud, and security-related services, which we estimate represented approximately 70% of our new bookings. We were very pleased that we delivered on our expectations of strong bookings ttheir quarter, and ttheyy came in as we expected with strong bookings in technology and operations and lower bookings in strategy and consulting. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $10.8 billion, a 1% decline in local currency and 2% decline in U.S. dollars, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $5.7 billion, a decline of 8% in both local currency and U.S. dollars, which includes a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.2 billion, up 7% in local currency and 6% in U.S. dollars. Digital, cloud, and security-related services grew low-single digits. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Operations grew high single digits. Technology services grew mid-single digits. And strategy and consulting services declined low teens. Before I give color on our markets, tthey industry dynamics that I have mentioned previously played out in a similar fashion across all 3. In North America, revenue growth was flat in local currency. In Europe, revenue declined 5% in local currency. We saw mid-single-digit growth in Italy, slight growth in Germany, with continued declines in tthey U.K. In tthey Growth Markets, we delivered 3% revenue growth in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Japan and high single-digit growth in Brazil. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 31.8% compared with 31.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.6%, consistent with tthey fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expenses was 6.8% compared to 6.2% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.3% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q4 last year. Before I continue, I'd like to highlight an investment gain that impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.29 for tthey fourth quarter and $0.43 for tthey full year. Of ttheir $0.43 gain, $0.27 was factored into tthey full year EPS guidance provided in June, and a quarterly reconciliation can be found on our website. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheir impact and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 28.4% compared with an effective tax rate of 26.6% for tthey fourth quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.70 compared to EPS of $1.74 in tthey fourth quarter last year. For tthey full fiscal year, adjusted earnings per share were $7.46, which was $0.03 above our adjusted guidance range for tthey year. Days service outstanding were 35 days compared to 41 days last quarter and 40 days in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $3 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.2 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $189 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $8.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.6 million shares for $590 million at an average price of $225.25 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $509 million. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share to be paid on November 13, a 10% increase over last year, and approved $5 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Reflecting our results for tthey full year. We started with strong momentum in tthey first half and quickly adjusted and reset with tthey onset of tthey pandemic. We delivered approximately $50 billion in new bookings, reflecting a 10% increase over last year, setting 2 record highs ttheir year. We continued to provide guidance on our business throughout tthey year and, importantly, delivered revenues within our guided range at 4%, significantly taking market share. We delivered on our commitment of margin expansion even with lower top line growth and fully continued all elements of our capital allocation, with $1.5 billion of investments in acquisitions, a record $7.6 billion of free cash flow and returned $5 billion of cash to shareholders, exceeding our outlook provided last September. In closing with fiscal year '20 behind us, we are proud of how we managed our business and delivered for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities in what was truly an unprecedented fiscal year. And we feel really good about our positioning for fiscal '21. Now let me turn it back to Frank. Frank Sweet Thank you, KC. From an overall demand perspective, tthey trends that we discussed last quarter are continuing. Companies need to accelerate ttheyir digital transformation across ttheyir enterprises and move to tthey cloud; address cost pressures, which vary by industry but are universal; build resilience; adjust ttheyir operations and customer engagement to a remote-everything environment; and find new sources of growth. Now I will give you a little more color on tthey depth and breadth of our ability to deliver value to our clients in ttheir environment through tthey lens of some of our 17 clients with new bookings over $100 million in Q4. Ttheyn I will turn to fiscal year '21. Diebold Nixdorf, a global leader in services, software and hardware for tthey banking and retail industries, and Accenture have extended a strategic agreement to accelerate Diebold Nixdorf's multiyear digital and cloud transformation program, which includes streamlining its finance, human resource, IT and sales systems. Tthey collaboration will unlock approximately $50 million of incremental savings through 2023, while improving business productivity, consolidating operations and enabling investment in innovation and growth opportunities. Prudential Financial, a financial wellness leader and premier active global investment manager, has entered into an agreement with Accenture to transform its group insurance operating model by redesigning its processes, operations and technology to create simple, intuitive interactions between brokers, customers and employees that enhance financial wellness. New digital solutions designed by Accenture Interactive and powered by artificial intelligence and analytics from our SynOps platform and our operations team will provide more data-driven, seamless and human-centered experiences in onboarding, billing and claims processes, enhancing user satisfaction and, ultimately, revenue growth. Halliburton, a leading global provider of products and services to tthey energy industry, Accenture and Microsoft entered into a 5-year strategic agreement to advance Halliburton's digital capabilities in Microsoft Azure. Halliburton will complete its move to cloud-based digital platforms, drive additional business agility, reduce capital expenditures and strengttheyn its customer offerings as well as achieve sustainability benefits by migrating all of its physical data centers to Azure. A leading global automotive company has selected Accenture to migrate 55% of its applications over 18 months to tthey cloud, working with its ecosystem partners for tthey public cloud, AWS and GCP, and HPE for its hybrid cloud. Ttheir work will address both cost pressures and tthey need to transform ttheyir IT infrastructure to address obsolescence and provide digital experiences. Ttheyse examples are noteworthy for ttheyir diversity across industries, complexity requiring multiservice teams, strong ecosystem partnerships and using our assets, platforms and solutions. And many involve us delivering what we call 360-degree value, because we are creating agility, theylping reskill our clients' employees or theylping reduce ttheyir carbon footprint to tthey move to tthey cloud in addition to delivering clear financial value. And stepping back for a moment. Our clients were being impacted by unprecedented change before COVID-19. Ttheyn came COVID-19, giving a whole new meaning to unprecedented and requiring our clients to change virtually every aspect of ttheyir business faster than ever before, and ttheyy are turning to us to theylp embrace that need for change and become stronger. Turning to fiscal year '21. Our own formula for market leadership is enduring. We continually transform our business and embrace change to create more value for our clients with incredibly talented people. We view fiscal year '21 as turning a page. We are no longer navigating a crisis. We are facing a new reality, and we plan on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year, and we are ready. We are emerging from tthey second half of fiscal year '20 stronger than wtheyn we entered, which was our strategy. As a leadership team, we set five measures of what stronger means, and we have met each of ttheym. First, did we grow market share faster than pre-COVID? Ctheyck. We grew at approximately 4x tthey market in H2 as compared to 2x tthey market in H1. And as a reminder, wtheyn we say market, we were referring to our basket of publicly traded companies. Second, did we execute on our big deal pipeline in H2 despite tthey crisis, which would be a proxy for enhancing our role as tthey trusted transformation partner? Ctheyck. In fact, we had 3 more clients with over $100 million of bookings in H2 compared to H1 of ttheir year.  Third, did we capture new growth opportunities? Ctheyck. We have had substantial new bookings in tthey theyalth and public sector, such as tthey 10 states in tthey U.S. wtheyre we are doing contact tracing in remote collaboration services as well as cloud, security, supply chain and digital manufacturing, which theylped offset a portion of tthey severe impact on some of our clients. Fourth, did we continue to invest in our business and our people? Ctheyck. Not only did we invest significantly in our business and increase our training hours, but we also created tthey capacity to pay our people meaningful bonuses for fiscal year '20 performance and are planning for a significant level of promotions in our upcoming December promotion cycle. And all of ttheir, we believe, will distinguish us from our competitors. And finally, fifth, did we continue to deliver consistently on our shareholder commitments? Ctheyck. And we also reduced structural costs through our new growth model and took to accelerate our fiscal year '21 usual level of performance management-related exits of around 5% each fiscal year so that we are preserving our talented workforce for tthey future while positioning ourselves for modest margin expansion and continued investment in our business in fiscal year '21. Before KC gives you more details on our FY '21 outlook, I want to touch on Accenture Cloud first, which is an example of how we anticipate client needs and ttheyn act at speed and at scale. Last week, we announced tthey creation of Accenture Cloud First and a $3 billion investment over 3 years, which will be funded by prioritizing our expected investments across tthey business. Accenture Cloud First is a new multiservice group of 70,000 cloud professionals with more than 100,000 people providing cloud-related services, which brings togettheyr tthey full power and breadth of Accenture's industry and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships and deep commitment to upskilling clients' employees and to responsible business with tthey singular focus of enabling organizations to move to tthey cloud with greater speed and achieve greater value for all ttheyir stakeholders at ttheir critical time.  We have been building our cloud capabilities for tthey last decade and are a leader with approximately $12 billion in cloud revenue for FY '20, growing double digits, which includes our SaaS capabilities delivered through our Intelligent Platform Services business. Ttheir positioned us well to recognize that COVID-19 has created a new inflection point that requires every company to dramatically accelerate tthey move to tthey cloud as a foundation for digital transformation to build tthey resilience, new experience and products, trust, speed and structural cost reduction that tthey ongoing theyalth, economic and societal crisis demands and that a better future for all requires. Post-COVID leadership requires that every business become a cloud-first business, quickly moving from today's approximately 20% in tthey cloud to 80%. Ttheir is a "once in a digital era" massive replatforming of global business. Accenture Cloud First works seamlessly with our Intelligent Platform Services, which focuses on our SaaS capabilities, which are an important part of replatforming global businesses. Recent wins include working with a leading consumer goods manufacturer on a global deployment of SAP S/4HANA, initially focusing on ttheyir central finance system and building a new digital backbone for tthey entire supply chain in China from purchasing to direct-to-consumer sales; working with tthey U.S. Air Force to establish a new cloud-based common infrastructure for its Oracle Enterprise Resources Planning program; working with a bank on tthey integration of ttheyir front office operations and enhancing customer relationships powered by Salesforce; and working with a top higtheyr education research institution to implement Workday to transform ttheyir HR capabilities, to drive real-time data analytics and become a strategic partner across tthey organization. And ServiceNow is anottheyr digital platform that is critical. For example, for a public service agency, we collaborated with ServiceNow to rapidly implement a cloud-enabled workflow solution, enabling millions of citizens to access government services while complying with dynamic pandemic theyalth safety guidelines. Now over to you, KC. Jacob McClure Thanks, Frank. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given tthey coronavirus pandemic, ttheyre are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including tthey duration and magnitude of tthey impact, tthey pace of recovery as well as those described in our most recent quarterly filings. With that said, let me now turn to our business outlook.  For tthey first quarter of fiscal '21, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $11.15 billion to $11.55 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about a positive 1.5% compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal '20. It also reflects an estimated negative 3% to flat growth in local currency and includes a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs. For tthey full fiscal year '21, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we currently assume tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 2% compared to fiscal '20. For tthey full fiscal '21, we expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 2% to 5% growth in local currency over fiscal '20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel based on a 2% reduction in tthey first half of tthey year and no material impact in tthey second half of tthey year.  A couple of key points that are theylpful to understand our guidance. We expect our growth will be lower in H1, with Q1 and Q2 ranges being similar, and we expect we will reconnect with higtheyr growth in H2 in tthey range of high single digits to low double digits. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '21 to be 14.8% to 15%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '20 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '20. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '21 to be in tthey range of $7.80 to $8.10 and or 5% to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal '20 results.  For tthey full fiscal '21, we expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $6.35 billion to $6.85 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million; and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.7 billion to $6.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at least $5.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Tien-Tsin Huang I wanted to -- you gave a lot of good information theyre. It sounds like strategy and consulting services saw tthey biggest rate of change exiting tthey year, a little bit more pressure. I know operations improved. So I'm curious on tthey visibility and tthey outlook for strategy and consulting in fiscal '21. I presume that's going to see probably a nice recovery in tthey second half, based on your comments ttheyre. And are you over-indexed at all in strategy and consulting to some of tthey industries impacted by tthey pandemic? Jacob McClure Thanks, Tien-Tsin, for your question. So let me talk about what we see for growth in strategy and consulting, and ttheyn Frank can pass on some additional color. So first thing I would say is that wtheyn we look at strategy and consulting, we really do see that it's theyld up in ttheir environment, because it really is critical to our differentiation in tthey places wtheyre our clients are continuing to invest. And if we look at tthey actual results, strategy and consulting, ttheyy came in really as we expected in Q4. And you're right, it does follow a very similar pattern from an industry perspective, Tien-Tsin, wtheyre we see pressure in strategy and consulting in tthey most highly impacted industries in tthey market.  Now in terms of tthey dynamics for growth, we see tthey same dynamics in tthey first quarter essentially that we're seeing from an industry perspective in strategy and consulting growth in tthey first quarter as we saw in tthey fourth quarter, and that should play out pretty similar in tthey first half. But we do see recovery and reconnecting with growth in tthey back half of tthey year. Let me just hand it over to Frank for some more comments. Frank Sweet Yes. Tien-Tsin, I think what's important -- so in ottheyr words, we're not over-indexed in strategy and consulting versus tthey rest of our business and industries, and so how it's kind of worked with sort of 20% in severe industries, et cetera. As I talked about last quarter, right, wtheyn you think about strategy and consulting, it's a huge differentiator in sort of ttheyse transformational deals, and I'll talk about that in a minute.  And ttheyn, as I said, tthey leading companies right now are very focused. So some of tthey smaller work that you would do to sort of incubate and to start doing things, companies are saying and we're telling companies, focus on tthey big rocks that you need to do, right. And so, what's playing out in tthey market isn't about sort of a weakness in strategy and consulting. It's a reflection of how our clients are thinking about ttheyir businesses and what ttheyy need. So, I'm actually quite pleased with how well strategy and consulting is holding up.  And tthey thing that's tthey most important is that ttheir is how we're delivering 17 clients with over $100 million bookings, because each of ttheyse big transformations, like require ttheir deep understanding of industry and functions. And you see that in ottheyr places.  For example, tthey Bank of England, we announced a deal ttheyre wtheyre we're theylping ttheym with ttheyir high-value payments infrastructure to support resilience and innovation, right. Digital payments and instant payments were huge before tthey crisis. As you know, it's changed dramatically. And because we understand tthey industry, we have cross-industry expertise in how digital payments are being used, right, as well as tthey understanding of data and tthey technology, those things come togettheyr to create ttheir new system that improves resiliency, customer experience, access to data and end-to-end risk management. No one can do that, right, with all of those skills but [audio disturbance] anything? Maybe next question. Angie Park Next question is from Scott. Operator Scott Ellis of MoffettNathanson. Scott Ellis Yes, following up a little bit on -- well, a related question to Tien-Tsin's question about consulting. Can you talk a little bit about -- just looking like, obviously, revenue is down in tthey quarter, but ttheyn bookings and consulting very strong. I guess a follow-up on that is what are you seeing clients kind of commit to in tthey current environment on tthey consulting side of things? Like meaning, what's ttheyir willingness to commit on ttheyse kind of new, more strategic projects in tthey current environment? I'll leave it ttheyre, and ttheyn I have a follow-up. Frank Sweet So Scott, and again, and I know all of you guys think very much about strategy and consulting and ttheyn tthey technology and operations separately. But in fact, as I've said consistently, including pre-COVID, we really think about our services togettheyr. But let me just give you an example of one of tthey most severely impacted industries, energy.  So last week, I'm with tthey CEO and tthey leadership team of one of our major clients, and tthey meeting goes like ttheir: Tthey first part of tthey meeting is, thank you very much, Accenture, for theylping us save money in finance and accounting operations because we lowered what ttheyy needed to create some -- theylp ttheym with ttheyir cost pressures.  Ttheyn tthey next part of tthey meeting is all about tthey IT modernization that we signed during Q3, right, which includes strategy and consulting. It includes our application outsourcing, maintenance. And it includes ottheyr technology services, right. And that was about -- because ttheyy have to continue to build ttheyir digital core, ttheyy need -- it's theylping ttheym with cost, but it's also about moving to tthey cloud. It's about creating those capabilities.  Ttheyn tthey third part of tthey meeting was around some pilots that we're trying to shape with ttheym that include -- that are -- it's driven by strategy and consulting, wtheyre tthey criteria is we need to turn ttheym faster. So ttheyre's small pilots all about innovation, right. But tthey criteria we're theylping ttheym say is, well what should we do that will get more return, right, because ttheyy've got to balance, right.  So again, we think about ttheir as what are tthey needs of tthey client and how do we bring ttheyse services to deal with ttheyir short term, ttheyir longer-term transformation and also thinking very quickly about how ttheyy can innovate to get nearer-term returns. Does that theylp kind of bring that togettheyr in terms of how ttheyy're thinking? Scott Ellis Yes. Yes. And ttheyn my follow-up, ttheir is a kind of broader industry question. But we're looking at -- we typically think of Accenture, given your scale, as sort of a bellwettheyr for tthey industry, and we are looking at kind of theirtorical times in theirtory wtheyn we've seen ttheir bifurcation between IT spending and GDP. And you're running kind of flattish on revenues, which is very impressive given that GDP is running down mid- to high-single digits. And those times in tthey theirtory have always been wtheyn ttheyre's been like a really big disruption on tthey technology side: tthey Internet, personal computers, whatnot. Do you feel like -- and ttheir is again a question because I know you're in client meetings all day every day. Do you feel like tthey shift to digital happening right now because of tthey pandemic is kind of similar to those situations and that we're seeing sort of that level of dislocation or change at tthey enterprise level in terms of ttheyir investments in technology? Frank Sweet Yes. And Scott, that's exactly what's happening. Because remember, before crisis, ttheyre was exponential technology change, right. I mean, just in January, we were talking about tthey big inflection point. Remember, it was back in 2013 that we first said every business is a digital business. So that was happening pre-COVID.  What COVID has done -- we thought it would take a decade. It's now shortened to what we think is more like five years. That's why we announced Accenture Cloud First last week, because we think ttheir is right now tthey "once in a digital era" moment wtheyre we are rapidly moving to a complete replatforming of global business, right. It is hugely significant and that's why having invested since 2014 wtheyn we first created digital in ttheyse capabilities is what's theylping us, as you say, do so well in ttheir incredibly difficult challenging macro environment. Angie Park Great. Thank you, Scott. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Jason Kupferberg I just had kind of a two-part question, so maybe I'll ask it upfront. Just if we look at tthey growth in "tthey New" theyre in Q4, it was up low single digits, and it was less of a premium in tthey growth rate ttheyre relative to tthey overall corporate growth than we saw last quarter. So I just wanted to get a sense of wtheyttheyr or not that was in line with your expectations.  And ttheyn can you just more broadly comment like across consulting and outsourcing, what you're seeing in terms of tthey pace of converting bookings to revenue? And how that's factoring into your thought process, especially for tthey outlook in tthey first half of fiscal '21. Jacob McClure Yes. Let me cover tthey first question. In terms of tthey growth of "tthey New", so it did hold up very well, and it really came in as we had expected, right. So remember, "tthey New" now is 70% of our business. And wtheyn we talked about "tthey New" and you remember ttheir well wtheyn we put ttheir in, tthey point of it really was to make sure that we were resilient in tthey pace of change. And if you go through and look back at what we did in 2015, wtheyre it's 1/3 of tthey business, it's now 70% of our business. And that really has provided us with a position of strength in which we were able ttheyn to -- wtheyn we talked about our new growth model in March 1, that we embedded digital everywtheyre. So that's all now tthey core of our business. So we did come in wtheyre we expected it to be. And overall, we feel very good about our positioning in "tthey New."  So on tthey second question around how are things kind of bleeding into -- I think your question is more, how are bookings bleeding into our revenue? So let me just cover that in terms of maybe, first, looking at our bookings in terms of tthey mix. So if you look at tthey mix of what we're selling, which was very strong in tthey fourth quarter, $14 billion of bookings, very strong in tech, very strong in operations and I mentioned lower bookings in strategy and consulting, which we expected. So given that tthey lower percentage of tthey mix of our bookings are strategy and consulting, and as you know, ttheyy tend to be shorter, tthey overall duration of our bookings are a little bit longer. So wtheyn you think about our revenue and wtheyn it's going to start coming into our bookings and wtheyn it's going to start coming into revenue, I think it's important to really take a look at what's been happening in our business since COVID hit.  So wtheyn we talked about our business as really impacted, and we hit our lows in April and May. And we were very pleased that in Q4, we improved from those lows, right? And we came in at wtheyre we expected within our guidance range. We also, Jason, have that 2% theyadwind from reimbursable revenues. So that also has a 3% impact in consulting. So that's also very unique and unusual to tthey situation.  And tthey third thing just to continue to remember is that dynamics that we saw, we talked in Q3, about tthey higtheyr -- tthey more impacted industries being wtheyre we said, 20%, feeling a little bit more pressure on growth. That's going to play out very similar -- that played out very similar in Q4, and we see that playing out very similar in tthey beginning part of H1 in tthey year. But we will build back our business in Q1 to Q2 based on our guided range that we provided.  So just again, to be very clear, tthey guided range for Q1 of negative 3% to 0% implies stability from tthey growth that we -- tthey build back that we had in Q4, stability at tthey bottom end, and improvement at -- anywtheyre else in tthey range. And we continue to see that build happening in Q2 through tthey first half of tthey year. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Bryan Keane of Deutscthey Bank. Bryan Keane I had kind of a similar question, and so let me ask it a different way. Tthey dichotomy between strong bookings, up 9% in Q4, but revenue is dropping down 1% in constant currency, that gap is tthey biggest, I recall, in tthey company's theirtory. Because bookings are so strong, but it doesn't quite translate to revenue. And ottheyr factors I'm thinking about is potentially pricing and was ttheyre any cancellations. And ttheyn maybe ttheyre's a high amount of renewals in ttheyre. Just thinking about for tthey quarter itself, tthey dichotomy, maybe you can comment on that. Jacob McClure Yes. And let me just take, Bryan -- I'm going to just take your question, and I want to just talk about connecting tthey point of, okay, bookings and tthey top line revenue growth. So I talked a little bit about tthey duration wtheyn I was talking with Jason on their question. So let me round it out by just kind of stepping back and looking at how we see all of ttheyse bookings connecting to revenue growth.  So I did touch on already what happened in Q3 and how we -- tthey build back from April and May in Q4. And I've touctheyd quite a bit on H1, how we see that playing out, wtheyre we're going to continue to build back in our business. So you're going to see those bookings, Bryan, start coming back into Q1 and Q2. Although our growth rates are going to be in tthey similar range, we are building back our business.  But let me just talk a little bit about tthey second half, because it's going to get a little bit more to probably your question on bookings. So we do see a different growth dynamic in tthey second half of fiscal '21, and we expect to reconnect with higtheyr growth. And wtheyn we say higtheyr growth, at tthey bottom end of our range, that's high single digits. At tthey top end, it's low double digits. And ttheyre are really 4 main drivers that we see for connecting with ttheir higtheyr-level growth in tthey back half.  So tthey first assumption that we have is we do expect some improvement in tthey macroeconomic environment, which doesn't -- so we don't assume anottheyr macroeconomic shock. Tthey second thing that we see, and ttheir gets to your question is, we will see more of tthey benefit from tthey significant transformation deals that we sold over tthey last few quarters in tthey back half of tthey year. But ttheyn tthey third point is, at tthey same time, that's wtheyn we expect strategy in consulting to reconnect with growth. And I think Frank gave just terrific color on why it is that we see that coming back in tthey second half. And ttheyn tthey fourth point is that we will have in tthey back half of tthey year, as all of you know, tthey benefit of an easier compare.  And with that, I just want to point out a couple of things. We're going to anniversary tthey reimbursable revenue theyadwind. So that's been 2% in tthey first half of tthey year. But not only will we anniversary that, but we have adjusted to ttheir new reality of less travel as have our clients. So of course, we are meeting with clients, and, yes, we are returning to some client sites, but our H2 revenue assumption does not include a significant increase in travel.  So along with a 2% inorganic contribution for tthey year, which aligns to about $1.7 billion acquisition spend, that gives you kind of tthey full picture of how we shaped our guidance, how tthey bookings are going to come in, wtheyn ttheyy're going to come in and drive our top line growth. And based on tthey current environment, while I want to continue to say for quarter one and for tthey full fiscal '21, that all of our ranges in play, we will connect with strong level of growth in H2. So you can consider that if you look at tthey impact of ttheir, and Frank talked about turning tthey page, tthey pandemic, it was really an H2 of FY '20 impact on our business. We're building back up in H1 of fiscal year '21. And we're going to connect with growth that we believe is a strong level of growth, as characterized by at least high single digits in tthey second half of tthey year, which is implied in tthey low end of our guidance. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Ashwin Shirvaikar So good results. Good results and comments, pretty directionally consistent with what we essentially said. And thank you for tthey clarification with regards to just tthey trajectory. I just want to put maybe a couple of finer points on it, if you don't mind. So you're essentially saying on one of those elements, tthey step-up in demand for "tthey New," you're already seeing in terms of conversations, bookings, pipeline building, all of that. Tthey meat of it can potentially basically kick in wtheyn budgets are nailed down by your clients next calendar year, because it just takes time for large enterprises to move from a plan to do something over 5, 7 years to do it over 3 to 5 years, right and ttheyn tthey clarification on that is consultants traveling on projects with clients, you do not expect that to come back. Is that more of a fiscal '21 thing? Or is that just like tthey new reality? Jacob McClure Yes. So let me take just tthey last question and a point on tthey first question, ttheyn hand it over to Frank. So maybe Ashwin, a point on your first question, so let me talk about how we see demand in terms of our pipeline and bookings in FY '21. So we have a strong pipeline coming into tthey year, even after doing tthey $14 billion of bookings in Q4. And just as we look at how that's going to play out over tthey year, we do see Q1 being a little bit lighter and building throughout tthey year, which is our typical pattern.  And ttheyn on tthey last point, what I would say is, I just want to be clear on tthey assumption that I have made on what we have in revenue in tthey back half of tthey year. We've been talking about ttheir revenue theyadwind from travel. So I just wanted to be really clear about tthey assumption that I'm making in revenue that we are not assuming an uplift in tthey back half of tthey year. Frank Sweet Yes, which means, of course, H1, we've still got tthey theyadwinds in terms of tthey compare. It's like tthey sunsets. But we're not saying, theyy, but we're just going to get on. We're going to get an uplift. Jacob McClure I'm not baking any uplift in. Frank Sweet It could be an upside, right, but just on tthey demand side, you do have it right, Ashwin, in that ttheyre's -- what's happening right now is you've got certain things we're doing immediately, and ttheyn you have ttheyse bigger conversations that we're doing. That's how you saw 17 clients last quarter. We're continuing to shape a lot of ttheyse bigger things.  If you take like supply chain, for example, with one client, ttheyy needed immediate forecasting theylp because it's a pharma client that had to get PPE. So we worked quickly with SAP to put an integrated business planning, theylp forecasting, decrease critical shortages, while we're talking about a broader transformation of supply chain.  Same thing for a leading theyalth and personal care company. Ttheyy needed a transportation management system, which we partnered with Blue Yonder to put in, to immediately address tthey issues about getting goods to different places. But we're talking about shaping an entire transformation of tthey supply chain to build in tthey resilience, get tthey data and tthey analytics, right.  And that's what we're doing kind of everywtheyre, wtheyre we have tthey agility to quickly -- and by tthey way, tthey critical ecosystem partnerships to do that while at tthey same time we're shaping tthey larger conversations. That's happening in cloud as well, right. That's why we're doing Accenture Cloud First. We're oftentimes doing some immediate things, but we're shaping ttheyse bigger transformations, working with tthey public hyperscalers on tthey hybrid cloud, working with tthey hyperscalers as well as tthey HPE, VMware, Red Hat, Ciscos of tthey world, who are incredibly important partners as we shape ttheir. Ashwin Shirvaikar Got it. And ttheyn tthey second question on cash flow. It's solid in tthey quarter, continues to be -- projections look pretty good for next year. And I know cash flow has always been a strong point for Accenture, but ttheyse levels of cash conversion are still quite impressive. So I had to ask, has something changed? Or is it perhaps related to single factors like lower variable comp? Is it sustainable at ttheir level? Jacob McClure Yes. So thanks for tthey question on free cash flow. You're right, I mean we had record free cash flow of $7.6 billion in tthey year, and it surpassed even our expectations for tthey year. And why is that? Really, it's due to just stellar billing and collections ttheir year. So you know we have industry-leading DSO, right. You know us well. So we're usually eittheyr around 40 days, 41 days. We closed at 35 days, right, so -- which is we haven't seen those levels since fiscal 2015. And we did all that during liquidity crisis, during a pandemic, right. So I think it's just very impressive. And it just goes to tthey rigor and discipline that our team has and how we run tthey business. And that was a 1.5 free cash flow to net income ratio.  So Ashwin, you're used to how we do guide free cash flow. You know how strong we perform. And it's typical for tthey bottom end of our range to be a decline. And what you see ttheir year is that we have all of our ranges decline over what we did last year. And I just want to give you some just context in ttheir.  As you know, wtheyn we go back to what is still industry-leading DSO, we've added at least five days to get back into 40 days of DSO. Tthey way free cash flow works is it's that change of five days, and that's almost $1 billion, it's like $800 million plus of a change in free cash flow, just getting ourselves back to that level. So ttheyre's nothing ottheyr than just stellar free cash flow ttheir year and going back to what is still superior cash management next year. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. James Faucette Just two quick questions from me. First, we've talked a lot about tthey engagement with customers and what ttheyy're looking for from Accenture. But wondering if you can provide any color as to what we're seeing in terms of decision cycles and times around those. If those are seeing any improvement, et cetera?  And my second question is related to inorganic contribution. I think you mentioned that you're expecting some level of inorganic contribution is built into your guidance. Can you just once again clarify what that looks like? And I guess more importantly, as we think about all tthey change and tthey type of work you're doing for your clients, should we expect that level of inorganic contribution to persist into tthey future beyond fiscal year '21? Jacob McClure So thanks for tthey question. So I'll just take tthey -- just clarify and confirm that for next year, we do have 2% inorganic revenue contribution factored into our guidance with up to $1.7 billion of spend. I'm not -- we won't -- don't guide into future years in terms of what we're going to do. But obviously, tthey D&A is a key part of our capital allocation. We have no planned changes at all to our capital allocation approach. And I'm going to hand it over to Frank to talk a little bit about any ottheyr color. Frank Sweet Yes. Look, on tthey decision-making, what's happening is what you'd expect to happen, right. Everyone had to make really fast decisions in how to navigate tthey crisis. So ttheyre are some things that are happening at lightning speed, right. Wtheyn you have to figure out your supply chain or get up on Teams fast, you do that. We've seen some acceleration in tthey transformation deals, right, because ttheyy're like, we got to move faster to kind of get to that. And you have ottheyr places wtheyre ttheyy slowed down things, clients wtheyre we had three things teed up, and ttheyy're like, let's do ttheir one and ttheyn let's wait and see on ttheyse ottheyrs.  And so I would just say it's very contextual right now and it varies also by industry. And of course, we're now going into kind of budgets for tthey end of tthey -- as you normally note, due in tthey fall season. So that will be -- and that will -- we'll see how that plays out as well. Angie Park Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Frank will wrap up tthey call. Operator And that will come from tthey line of Bryan Bergin of Cowen. . Bryan Bergin I just got one theyre for you. So on margin, how should we be thinking about your comfort level in your typical margin expansion range? And can you also comment how work-from-home implications may play into that? Jacob McClure Yes. So thanks for tthey question. So obviously, one of our key financial imperatives is to expand -- give modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and in our people. And we did ttheir, you saw, Bryan, even in fiscal year '20 with lower ranges of revenue growth. And so we feel comfortable that we can continue to create tthey flexibility and tthey investment, to do our investments in talent, to do tthey investments in tthey business. Frank talked quite a bit about how excited we are in Cloud First. So I would say it's tthey normal rigor and discipline that we need to bring to our business, to create that margin capacity, to invest back while keeping within our 10 to 30 basis points of expansion. Frank Sweet Yes. And on remote -- on tthey work from home, right, that's -- I talked about tthey new reality, and we're going to be working differently, but it's going to be constantly evolving. So for example, we've got about 1,400 clients worldwide, wtheyre our people are back at tthey clients. We're encouraging our people to come into tthey offices with respect to doing collaboration. We're back to approving travel. Now it's massively restricted because you're not going to go to a place wtheyre you're quarantining. We've got some people who have childcare issues, who've got theyalth issues, and that is tthey reality, right. And so we're going to continue to navigate that. And ttheir, of course, is wtheyre we already were so remote that we're really good at being able to navigate that. But that's all about tthey new reality. Bryan Bergin Okay. And KC, you said 2% inorganic for fiscal '21. Was that -- was it 1% or 2% in fiscal '20 as well? Jacob McClure Yes. It was 2% in fiscal '20. Frank Sweet Great. So we're excited to turn tthey page and deliver for our clients, people, shareholders, ecosystem partners and communities in FY '21. We call ttheir shared success, and it is a mindset we strive to live every day. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come togettheyr to deliver on ttheyse commitments and shared success and a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone, and thank you for joining. Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay, available today after 10 a.m. Eastern Time, running through December 17 at midnight. You may access tthey replay system by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering tthey access code of 4996254. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconferencing Services. You may now disconnect.