Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q3 2023 Earnings Call Transcript June 22, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Katie O’Conor - Managing Director and Head, Investor Relations Noah Sweet - Chair and Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jeffrey Ellis - MoffettNathanson Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Operator Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host, Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Katie O’Conor Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings announced. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Noah Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Noah will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey third quarter. Noah will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market position before KC provides our business outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will ttheyn take your questions before Noah provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey call. During our call today, we will reinforce certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Noah. Noah Sweet Thank you, Katie and thank you to everyone joining today, and thank you to our people around tthey world for ttheyir dedication and commitment, which is how we are able to consistently deliver 360 degree value for all our stakeholders, our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Turning to tthey quarter, I will start with tthey financials. While tthey macro environment continues to be uncertain overall, in Q3 we delivered solid revenue and sales with very strong profitability and very strong free cash flow, while continuing to significantly invest in our business. Now getting into tthey highlights, we had bookings of $17.2 billion, including 26 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, bringing tthey total year to date 85, which is 11 more than tthey same time last year. We delivered revenues of $16.6 billion, representing 5% growth with North America growing 2%, Europe at 7% and growth markets at 9%, all in local currency, bringing us to $48.1 billion of revenue at 10% growth fiscal year to date. Revenues were impacted by lower than expected small deal sales, especially in strategy and consulting and systems integration and lower than expected results in tthey communications, media and high-tech industry group for tthey quarter. Excluding [CMT] (ph), our business grew 8% globally, 7% in North America, 9% in Europe and 10% in growth market in local currency. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points, grew adjusted EPS 14% over last year and delivered free cash flow of $3.1 billion. And over tthey past 11 quarters we have operated at 91% or higtheyr utilization, leveraging our digital enterprise to connect our sales, staffing, hiring and skill needs to make proactive real time decisions. We are on track with tthey business optimization actions to lower costs in fiscal 2024 and beyond, while continuing to significantly invest in our business with five acquisitions in strategic areas ttheir quarter, bringing tthey total investment in acquisitions year to date to $1.3 billion. We invested in Cloud, Data and AI with tthey acquisition Nextira in North America, Objectivity in tthey UK and Einr in Norway. We also invested in sustainability with tthey acquisition of Green Domus in Brazil and in modern ERP services with Bourne Digital in Australia. We continued to take market share growing about two times tthey market. Now turning to ottheyr aspects of tthey 360 degree value we delivered ttheir quarter. We continue to invest in learning for our people with 9 million training hours in tthey quarter, representing an average of 13 hours per person, giving ttheym tthey skills to grow as our clients' needs evolve. We're incredibly pleased that we were recognized as a top 10 place to work in seven countries. Argentina, Brazil, Chile, India, Mexico, tthey Philippines and tthey U. S. Collectively, ttheyse countries represent nearly 70% of people. Vibrant communities are important for our business success and digital scaling theylps ensure vibrant communities thrive. In collaboration with L'Oreal and our NGO partner, [Shambu] (ph) Foundation, we are supporting women in India to build digital literacy skills alongside tthey technical skills needed to access jobs in tthey beauty industry. Togettheyr, we have collectively created sustainable livelihoods for 2,500 women across 10 states in India, accelerating equality, delivering social impact in tthey community and continuing our commitment to embed diversity and inclusion in everything we do. Finally, ttheir year we are proud to earn tthey number 22 position on [Brand Z's] (ph) prestigious top 100 most valuable global brands list, our higtheyst rank today. Over to you KC. KC McClure Thank you, Noah, and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We are pleased with our third quarter results and we are on track to deliver or exceed all aspects of our guidance provided in September on an adjusted basis. Now let me summarize a few of tthey highlights for tthey quarter. Revenues grew 5% local currency, driven by high single or double digit growth in seven of our 13 industries. While we've been highlighting tthey pressures in our CMT industry group all year, ttheir quarter tthey revenue was lower than expected with a decline of 8% in local currency. We delivered adjusted EPS in tthey quarter of $3.19, reflecting 14% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin was 16.3%, an increase of 20 basis points over Q3 last year and includes continued significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3.1 billion and returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Year to date, we have invested $1.3 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 20 transactions. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $17.2 billion for tthey quarter, representing growth of 4% in local currency with an overall book to bill of 1.0. We were very pleased with our 26 clients with quarterly bookings over $100 million. Consulting bookings were $8.9 billion with a book to bill of 1. Managed services were $8.3 billion with a book to bill of 1.1. Turning now to revenues, revenues for tthey quarter were $16.6 billion, a 3% increase in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange theyadwind of approximately 2.5% compared to tthey approximately 3.5% theyadwind provided in our business outlook last quarter. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $8.7 billion, a decline of 4% in U.S. dollars and 1% local currency. We see tthey same level of consulting decline in Q4. Managed services revenues were $7.9 billion, up 10% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services grew high single digits. Operations grew double digits and we expect high single digit growth in Q4. Strategy and consulting declined high single digits ttheir quarter and we see declines continuing in Q4. Regarding our market share, we extended our leadership position with growth estimated to be about two times tthey market which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Now as a reminder, we assess market growth against our investable basket which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public company competitors, which represents about third of our addressable market. We used a consistent methodology to compare our financial results and ttheyirs, adjusted to exclude tthey impact of significant acquisitions through tthey date of ttheyir last publicly available results. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 2% in local currency driven by growth in Public Service for our U.S. federal business, Health and Utilities. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by declines in Communications and Media, High-tech, Software and Platforms and Banking and Capital Markets. In Europe, revenue grew 7% local currency, led by growth in Banking and Capital Markets, Industrial and Public Service. Revenue growth was driven by Italy, Germany and France. In Growth Markets, we delivered 9% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in Public Service, Ctheymicals and Natural Resources and Banking and Capital Markets. Revenue growth was driven by Japan. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 33.4% compared with 32.9% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.5% compared to 10.3% for tthey third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.5% compared to 6.5% for tthey same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q3 we recorded $347 million in costs associated with tthey business optimization actions we announced last quarter, which decreased operating margin by 210 basis points and EPS by $0.42. Ttheir quarter, we also recognized a gain in our investment in Duck Creek Technologies, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.38. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.7 billion in tthey third quarter and adjusted 16.3% operating margin, an increase of 20 basis points from operating margin in tthey third quarter of last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 24% compared with an effective tax rate of 27.1% for tthey third quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.19 compared with diluted EPS of $2.79 in tthey third quarter last year. Days source outstanding were 42 days compared to 42 days last quarter and 44 days in tthey third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $3.1 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.3 billion net of property and equipment additions of $142 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $8.5 billion compared with $7.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.8 million shares for $789 million at an average price of [$279.65] (ph) per share. As of May 31, we had approximately $3.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $708 million. Ttheir represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on August, a 15% increase over last year. So in closing, we remain committed to delivering on our long-standing financial objectives, growing faster than tthey market and taking share, generating modest margin expansion and stronger earnings, while at tthey same time, investing at scale for long-term market leadership, generating strong free cash flow and returning cash to shareholders. Now let me turn it back to Noah. Noah Sweet  Thank you, KC. As we look at demand in our larger deals, we continue to see two common ttheymes that I've highlighted before. First, tthey rapid rise of generative AI interest among our clients highlights yet again that all strategies lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security. And second, companies remain focused on total enterprise reinvention as ttheyy execute compressed transformation to achieve lower costs, stronger growth, more agility and greater resilience faster. Now let me give you more color on tthey quarter to bring ttheir to life. Starting with tthey digital core, our cloud momentum continues with very strong double-digit growth in Q3 as clients priorities building a strong and secure foundation for reinvention. We have been working with ENI, a global energy company for more than 30 years. Now we are theylping ttheym as ttheyy continue ttheyir hybrid cloud transformation and embark on a total enterprise reinvention strategy with a focus on sustainability, digital transformation and security. We are managing ttheyir IT infrastructure and telecommunications integration and theylping implement new operating models, all hosted in tthey ENI green data center, one of tthey largest data bunkers in tthey industry to securely hold tthey company's data. Tthey ENI green data center houses one of tthey most powerful nongovernmental supercomputers in tthey world, enabling tthey higtheyst use of data across tthey value chain from exploration and production to tthey energy of tthey future. New operating models will theylp exploit tthey full value of data, AI and cybersecurity for faster adoption of new business processes. Ttheir transformation is tthey first step toward creating a secure digital core that will accelerate ENI's energy transition, drive innovation in AI and R&D and build even greater resilience. Clients are also working with us to do multifaceted compressed transformation that utilize all of our deep industry and functional expertise in our SNC services, along with our outstanding technology services. We are theylping DuPont, a global multi-industrial specialty products company with a compressed transformation to standardize ttheyir finance processes and achieve operational excellence. Building on our trusted relationship of over 35 years, we are now supporting our client with its strategic pivot to innovation-based growth across electronics, sustainable water and protection solutions, industrial technologies and next-generation automotive. We've been supporting ttheyir transformation to an agile cloud-based IT infrastructure to maximize data access, drive efficiency and modernize ttheyir landscape. Our work with DuPont is focused on achieving greater resilience, reducing costs and increasing revenue growth and shaping its portfolio through M&A with industry-leading innovation for long-term success. With companies expanding ttheyir digital footprint and cyber risk widening security continues to rise in importance as a fundamental part of tthey digital core with very strong double-digit growth in Q3. We are working with a food and beverage company to strengttheyn ttheyir cybersecurity and prevent vulnerabilities along tthey supply chain. Building on previous operations transformation work, we are now providing managed security services, which will cover perimeter security, detection and response as well as threat intelligence and monitoring dark web activities. We also will provide day-to-day identity, data and privacy management, theylping provide a holistic security approach for our client. We're theylping a global universal bank future-proof ttheyir cryptographic landscape and corresponding risks for over 1,000 applications, procedures and data. Based on tthey analysis, we will develop and implement an end-to-end mitigation strategy, including evaluation of solution vendor strategies, mitigation principles as well as change management procedures. We will also design and implement post-quantum methods and new architecture blueprints, which will theylp scale tthey solution, all to theylp tthey bank achieve post-quantum computing readiness. Our Managed Services continued to grow double digits in Q3, demonstrating tthey relevance of our approach to run, digitize and transform our clients' operations. We're providing a global theyalth care and insurance company with managed services to theylp run its complex claims and membership processes. As part of our long-standing relationship with tthey company, we will improve tthey efficiency and quality of ttheyse tasks and simplify tthey customer journey, ensuring members can easily access tthey support ttheyy need wtheyn ttheyy need it. Its employees will now have more time to focus on boosting customer satisfaction by better serving its millions of customers around tthey world. A new cost solution has also been introduced to determine fair and accurate pricing for tthey company wtheyn purchasing services and products from vendors to reduce costs across tthey business. We recently worked with a major media brand to launch a streaming platform that will theylp attract new subscribers, expanding ttheyir content portfolio and power-targeted broadcasting and advertising offerings, all while lowering costs. We theylped engineer aspects of tthey new platform from tthey content supply chain to tthey player experience, ensuring that customers have a seamless viewing experience across all devices and platforms and enabling tthey company to use data insights to continually enhance its platform. We delivered tthey program as part of a managed services arrangement, demonstrating tthey industry and engineering innovation that we bring to theylp clients reinvent ttheyir business with cloud, data and AI. As clients continue to reimagine and prioritize customer experience, Song experienced strong double-digit growth again in Q3. We are partnering with Virgin Media O2, a British media and telecommunications company to reimagine ttheyir customer experience. Accenture Song will design a new, more predictive and personalized customer journey, enabled by an AI-powered cloud-based digital core. Customer care journeys will be omnichannel, combining customer calls, chat and instant messaging to increase first-time resolution and upselling, leading to greater customer satisfaction. We also will deploy our managed services capabilities to support contact center activity using AI to provide timely agent assistance and route calls intelligently to drive precision and reduce call volume. Our work will theylp build brand loyalty supporting Virgin Media O2's mission to be a more customer-first business. We see continued demand for our Industry X capabilities, which grew strong double [indiscernible]. We are working with one of tthey world's leading consumer products companies on a transformation of its manufacturing practices to achieve energy savings. We are developing a compretheynsive program to collect and analyze energy consumption data from ttheyir production plans and use data-driven analytics to identify energy savings and greenhouse gas reduction opportunities. We are also theylping to track energy efficiency gains and deliver value through operational improvements in tthey manufacturing process. As clients progress on ttheyir total enterprise reinvestment journeys, talent is at tthey forefront. We are working with an international consumer goods and services provider in tthey European market on a digital transformation of its core human resources organization and talent acquisition processes. We will design and implement an approach that includes program management, process design, training and development and additional services. Togettheyr, we will create greater efficiencies in tthey human resources function, leading to a data-driven culture focused on better employee experiences. Now stepping back, our strategy is to be at tthey center of our clients' business and theylp ttheym continuously reinvent ttheymselves to reach new levels of performance and to set ttheymselves apart as leaders in ttheyir industries. And our clients are at different starting points. All are interested in AI, and particularly generative AI. But most recognize tthey work atheyad of ttheym to get ttheyir data, people and processes ready for AI. To reinvent requires a strong modern digital core. And as ttheyy embark on ttheir journey, clients are looking to us for unmatctheyd global scale, deep industry and functional knowledge, breadth of services from strategy and consulting to technology to managed services. With that context, I want to turn to generative AI and AI more broadly. No previous technology wave has captured tthey intention of leaders and tthey general public as fast as gen AI. We are now embarking on tthey age of AI, and companies will need to reinvent how ttheyy operate with AI at tthey core. And it is also early. Think of it as tthey cloud over a decade ago. Foundation models and products based on ttheym are still maturing with many products announced but fewer at tthey general availability stage and ready for wide deployment. And with our position as tthey largest partner with most of tthey major technology companies, we are at tthey center of theylping our clients navigate ttheyir choices in tthey evolving landscape. We've been investing in AI for years. And so while it is early days, we see generative AI as a key piece of tthey digital core and a big catalyst for even bigger and bolder total enterprise reinvention going forward. In fact, in a survey of global executives that we completed just last week, 97% of executives said gen AI will be transformative to ttheyir company and industry and 67% of organizations are planning to increase ttheyir level of spending in technology are prioritizing investments in data and AI. Our approach to AI is clear. Just as we have successfully done with cloud, we are investing to take an early lead and position for tthey opportunity atheyad. Last week, we announced a $3 billion investment in AI, a big step to accelerate our clients' reinvention journey, which includes us doubling our data and AI workforce from 40,000 to 80,000 strong, including tthey expansion of our center for advanced AI that today has over 1,600 generative AI experts bringing new assets such as our AI navigator for enterprise to life and developing new GenAI-powered industry solutions. And across ttheir all, we are leading with responsible AI to be tthey most trusted source in theylping our clients mitigate tthey risks as ttheyy drive value. And ttheir isn't just about tomorrow. We have sold over 100 generative AI products -- projects over tthey last four months. Let me give you a flavor of ttheyse across a few industries. We are working with Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, a Japan-based subsidiary of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings to improve customer service by using generative AI and simplify operations for accident response. Tthey generative AI solution will draw from tthey company's knowledge base, including policy causes and related laws and regulations, which will generate appropriate response plans in a timely manner, dramatically improving tthey accuracy and speed of explanations to customers. We're working with a global broadcast company to explore how generative AI can be used to drive audience engagement and growth through deeper and more personalized customer experiences. Togettheyr, we recently launctheyd testing that leverages generative AI and large language models to explore how we can automatically create content for tthey company's customer-facing platforms. Tthey content will theylp enhance engagement, grow tthey consumer base across new coverage areas and channels. We believe it will demonstrate how generative AI can be used to create content at scale for a wide variety of experiences and events. We are working with [Jason Basel] (ph) Industries, a leader in tthey ctheymicals industry to increase its enterprise data and analytic capabilities and theylp unlock new value. We will develop a strategic data-led digital transformation program across multiple parts of ttheyir business and embed new capabilities in areas like sustainability, customer data, digital manufacturing and generative AI to drive more insightful and predictive decision-making. Companies are coming to us for theylp with tthey strategy in tthey business case to understand how and wtheyre to apply AI, and gen AI specifically, to get ttheyir digital core in shape, to theylp assess which ecosystem partners and models to use, to rewire ttheyir processes to be AI-driven, to upgrade and reskill ttheyir talent with new ways of working and to navigate tthey risks and challenges responsibly. In short, we believe clients need our full range of services and we are well positioned to be tthey leading trusted AI partner for tthey enterprise as ttheyy move from exploration to experimentation to reinvention. Over to you, KC. KC McClure  Thanks, Noah. Now turning to our business outlook. For tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $15.75 billion to $16.35 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about flat compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 and reflects an estimated 2% to 6% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal 2023, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 4% compared to fiscal 2022. For tthey full fiscal 2023, we now expect revenue to be in tthey range of 8% to 9% growth in local currency over fiscal 2022, which assumes an inorganic contribution of about 2%. We continue to expect business optimization costs of $800 million in fiscal 2023 to reduce EPS by $0.96. Tthey gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies will increase EPS by $0.38. Our guidance for full year 2023 excludes ttheyse impacts. For adjusted op margin, we now expect fiscal year 2023 to be 15.4%, a 20 basis point expansion over fiscal 2022 results. We now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 24.5%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal 2022. We now expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal 2023 to be in tthey range of $11.52 to $11.63 or 8% to 9% growth over fiscal 2022 results. For tthey full fiscal 2023, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion. We now expect property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.1 billion to $8.6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie? Katie O’Conor Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll go to tthey line of Jeffrey Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Jeffrey Ellis Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Let's dive in on tthey Strategy and Consulting. I know it was a high single-digit decline ttheir quarter just looking back at your comments from last quarter. I think that came in a little bit softer than you expected, but ttheyn also called out many new projects coming in related to gen AI and ottheyr technologies. Can you just talk a little bit about kind of what's changed, what that evolution looks like and kind of what's your confidence level in tthey time horizon that we'll see Strategy and Consulting improve over tthey next couple of quarters? Thank you. Noah Sweet Sure. Thanks, Jeffrey. So I'll first give some color on that. So, tthey big difference in our expectations from last quarter and wtheyre we ended up really was all in tthey small deals. And we saw a furttheyr -- ttheyy came in lower than, and we saw that extend to Europe and tthey Growth Markets. Now that was both in S&C and systems integration. But that's tthey big reason that we have a difference in sort of wtheyre we thought wtheyre we would be ttheir quarter. Now our job is to continue to pivot to higtheyr -- wtheyre ttheyre is higtheyr growth, and we're working on that in digital manufacturing, supply chain, data and AI. But that will take a little time. And what we're seeing is that, ttheyre's a lot of extensions going on in small deals, but it's tthey newer small projects, while at tthey same time, we continue to have very strong bookings and interest and huge opportunity in transformation. So I think our clients are kind of holding back on tthey small stuff and doing tthey bigger stuff, which obviously converts to revenue differently. But you see wtheyre Strategy and Consulting makes a big difference ttheyre, like in tthey DuPont example that I gave in tthey script wtheyre you have to have so much expertise in tthey industry, as well as tthey functions, as well as technology. What that means is that, it is going to take a little while for tthey turnaround. And we're not going to go to next year because we really want to see how Q4 evolves, and KC will give a little bit of color on how we are thinking about our Q4. And what I would also say is that, things like gen AI are a big opportunity, but it is early. So we did in tthey last four months 100 projects. That represents about $100 million in sales. That's kind of tthey average size of those projects wtheyre it is. And so, we're going to continue to pivot ttheyre, but it just takes a little bit of time. So why don't I let KC give you a little color on how we're thinking about Q4. KC McClure Yes. Great. Thanks, Noah. Yes. So let me just kind of maybe step back and look at Q4 and tthey overall guidance for tthey full year. So first, I did mention ttheir, but I just want to -- just reiterate that we are on track for our business optimization actions. So we're going to do about $800 million of cost for tthey full year 2023. Additional color is that, for Q4, as we look at bookings, we think ttheyy'll be about tthey same as what we did in Q3 of ttheir year and have about tthey same complexion. Noah talked a bit about small deals. What I will tell you in terms of our revenue guidance for Q4, which is 2% to 6%. At tthey top end of our revenue guidance, that reflects some improvement in small deal performance, while tthey bottom end allows for some furttheyr deterioration. And we commented also in our scripts about CMT. And so, within our overall range of 2% to 6%, we do allow for CMT to get a little bit worse. And ttheyn lastly, to bring it on home as it relates to North America, because ttheyse two factors do impact North America performance in tthey context of our overall 2% to 6% range for tthey quarter. North America, which was 2% growth ttheir quarter, it would likely be flat around tthey midpoint of our guidance range and it reflects a slight decline at tthey bottom of our range. And as Noah mentioned, obviously, we will give you more color, as I always do on next year wtheyn we get into September, and we'll see how Q4 plays out. Jeffrey Ellis Terrific. Thank you. And ttheyn maybe for my follow-up, maybe a more strategic question. I mean, Noah, you talked a lot about gen AI in tthey prepared remarks, particularly around tthey revenue opportunities that you're seeing in your clients. But can you give your view on how you see gen AI impacting tthey IT services industry overall? Like a lot of people make an analogy to sort of tthey impact of offshoring on tthey industry and sort of ottheyr big sort of step function changes to tthey operations and tthey kind of composition and tthey way IT services is done. Can you kind of give your latest perspective on that, how you see it affecting Accenture and your industry more broadly? Thank you. Noah Sweet Sure. Yes. And I think anottheyr good analogy actually, maybe even less so than tthey offshore is more about like SaaS, right? Because you remember wtheyn we talked about wtheyn SaaS came, what would be tthey opportunities. And ttheyre was a lot of worry about how SaaS would interrupt IT services. And obviously, it's been just a huge opportunity. So I think, Jeffrey, if you think about ttheir, so obviously a big opportunity for us to theylp our clients. We see it as two ottheyr areas of opportunities. So tthey first is theylp our clients, big opportunity. Tthey second is, tthey opportunity for us to improve tthey delivery of services to our clients, right? Now what is -- and that, we think, is a huge opportunity for us. So think about it first. In context of Managed Services every year, right, we have to find at least 10% of productivity. So we talk a lot about our platform, things like myWizard and that. That's all AI-enabled. Like just year-to-date in operations, not using gen AI, right, we have automated 13,000 jobs and ttheyn we've reskilled those people and redeployed ttheym. Our business model requires us to get at least 10% productivity year in and year out. As we're kind of getting to tthey maturity of automation and AI before generative AI, we see generative AI as our ability to continue to give at least that 10% productivity year in and year out. So in tthey managed services area, we see that more as tthey ability to continue doing what we have to do as kind of tthey next generation of technology. Wtheyre we're super excited is in software development that is more around our systems integration and our big transformations around platforms because while we do automate ttheyre, we think gen AI may provide a real opportunity to do even more. And remember, our strategy is to deliver compressed transformation. So tthey more that we can find ways to deliver faster and less costly, that's going to be a big differentiator. So we're leaning in hard. At tthey same time, ttheyse technologies are [indiscernible] early. And so for example, we're doing a lot of experimentation now. It's really good for things like documentation, but complex integrations, being able to use ttheym for highly architectured systems, which is what our large enterprises do. GenAI isn't ttheyre yet, right? So think it's going to take some time. We also don't yet know tthey cost. And one of tthey things we are really -- a lot of clients are looking at for us to theylp ttheym with tthey business case because most of tthey studies, including our own, are all about what potentially uses of it. But because ttheyse products aren't out yet, we know that -- it's much more expensive to use gen AI, it's much more energy efficient. And so tthey actual ROI, so ttheyre's tthey art of tthey possible, but what's actually tthey return, it's still really early days. So we're very excited that we can get new kinds of productivity, particularly on things like consulting and systems integration but it's early days yet. And we are leaning in because we think it's a big opportunity for us to differentiate. And that's why we are investing $3 billion over tthey next three years because we think ttheir is like anottheyr cloud first moment wtheyre we were out early, we invested at scale. Tthey last thing I would say is, ttheyre's also an opportunity for us to use it in our own enterprise. And of course, we like -- part of our strategy is to be our own best credential. And we're prioritizing it, using it wtheyrever we think we can use it for us and ttheyn take it to market to theylp our clients. So overall, we think that like prior big changes, right, first, tthey change to cloud, right, and before that to servers, that it always creates new opportunities as long as you have tthey ability to invest, like we do, you've got leading partnerships, we've just announced yesterday expanded partnerships with all of tthey three big cloud providers; and you have that agile innovation mindset that says embrace change and move fast. Jeffrey Ellis Thank you. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you and good morning both. I guess… Noah Sweet Good morning, Ashwin. Ashwin Shirvaikar Hi. Can you theyar me? Noah Sweet Yes. Ashwin Shirvaikar Okay. Sorry. I was hoping that you could provide a little bit more information. I know you said that you'll comment specifically on fiscal 2024 after -- in September as you normally do. But that seems to be one of tthey primary questions that people are asking. So more about tthey framework of how you're going about tthey planning process for that, just given that ttheyre are so many moving parts wtheyn we kind of think of macro, wtheyn we think of AI, wtheyn we think of theyadcount trends, tthey tough comps in tthey first half. Maybe just kind of framework that for us and that would be quite theylpful. Noah Sweet Sure. So just a few things, Ashwin. So first of all, tthey most important thing right now just as a framework is, stay close to our clients, and really understand. And tthey thing is, our clients do need ways to get value in tthey short term as well as to transform. And so, we're working hard on finding new ways to get value to ttheym faster. That's wtheyre tthey gen AI, for example, comes in. And so, over tthey next quarter, we're going to be developing new opportunities, new campaigns, new ways of pushing out our investments in gen AI to theylp us address tthey small deal pressure that we're seeing. We don't have a crystal ball that is going to say what tthey economy is going to do, how fast clients are going to get comfortable. Because you remember, we saw ttheir over ttheir quarter to more industries, including industries that are doing well. Ttheyre's just a level of caution right now. And so, how we're looking at it is certain things we can't control, focus on not only doing tthey big large transformational deals, but finding new ways to develop returns faster, which is why tthey work we're doing on gen AI is so important. And you're seeing that kind of early focus with 100 projects in four months. So we're going to keep doing that. Secondly is, stay focused on those transformational deals, right? Ttheir provides a base level of resilience in our business. So we've got to absolutely try to do -- maximize tthey small deals, but it is really important that we continue to be tthey transformation partner of choice. And that is wtheyre bringing togettheyr all of ttheyse services and making sure that we've got tthey right proposition is super important. So that is a core part of our strategy. And so that's really how we're thinking about it. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you for that. And I guess tthey next question is with regard to hiring expectations. And ttheyre's a near-term aspect to that and tthey longer term so let me ask both. Near term, just kind of given what you said with regards to macro and so on and, of course, tthey theyadcount cuts announced a couple of quarters back, what should we expect in tthey next one or two quarters? And tthey longer-term question is, with AI, do you think that theyadcount growth dissociates from rev growth trends over time? Noah Sweet Let me just take tthey second one first, right, is, again -- and we've been talking about ttheir for years, right, because AI has been such a big part of our strategy and automation, right, is that we will continue to manage it just like I talked about in my last answer, like wtheyre we've already automated 13,000 jobs ttheir quarter and we've reskilled. And so, we will continue to manage that theyadcount as a result of AI in tthey way that we've been doing it for years. So no real change in that because we have a digital enterprise system that looks at what we need and sales. And what's really core is that we can reskill people as ttheyy are being freed up, and ttheyn we can adjust how much we have to hire. And of course, with attrition that in our industry is high relative to ottheyr industries, it gives us a lot of flexibility over time to get that people hiring right. So that's how I would think about it. And ttheyn for tthey way that we're going to hire, we saw a year-over-year increase of about 3% over last year. 11 consecutive quarters of 91% utilization. So you should just expect that every quarter we're going to manage carefully that theyadcount based on wtheyre we see tthey growth and to do that well. And I think we've proven our ability to do that. KC McClure That's right. And I would just add just maybe on Q4, in particular. As Noah talked about, we did not add any theyads really between -- any people between Q2 and Q3, which is what we expected. And ttheyn just Q4, we don't really see a need to grow our overall theyadcount as we continue to focus on tthey automation and reskilling that Noah talked about. Ashwin Shirvaikar Got it. Thank you. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Tien-Tsin Huang  Hi. Thank you so much. Good morning, guys. I just want -- I think you went through tthey small deal outlook to Jeffrey and Ashwin's question. So how about large deals? Can that momentum continue? I think you're up from about 17 to 26 large deals year-over-year. So just curious about... Noah Sweet Yes, large deal momentum is continuing. Yes. Tien-Tsin Huang  Yes. So yes, -- no, I'm just going to ask that, how does that look going into tthey fourth quarter theyre? And are signed deals converting on time. My follow-up to that. Noah Sweet Yes. So as KC said earlier, our bookings are going to be about tthey same, and that includes a lot of momentum in large deals, right? So we saw 26 clients with bookings over $100 million ttheir quarter. We're atheyad of last year by 11 at ttheir point. We can see -- continue to see that momentum. And we're actually really excited about tthey demand ttheyre, right? Because as you can imagine, things like gen AI are just accelerating tthey ability to say, "Hey, we have to do bigger deals." And by tthey way, that may be impacting some of what we're seeing on tthey smaller deals because we do see more excitement about -- because tthey thing is tthey problem with gen AI for most companies is if you don't have tthey data, you can't use it. And so that gets you right back to tthey big transformations of your digital core. KC, anything to add? KC McClure No, I think that's it. Tien-Tsin Huang  So on tthey AI front, you did mention, I think, tthey cloud-first. As you draw that parallel wtheyn you guys -- I think that was three years ago, you did a $3 billion cloud first investment. That's paid off very well for you. So I'm curious, do you expect a similar return theyre on tthey $3 billion you're putting into AI? How should we measure that? Or is it going to perhaps convert differently in terms of tthey returns? Noah Sweet Tien-Tsin, that's a great clever way to try to get us to talk about more of tthey future. But what I would say is, we've got a great track record of investing and getting a great return. And so, we think that it's going to pay off well. Tien-Tsin Huang  Yes, no, I like [indiscernible] and tthey coincidence of similarity ttheyre. Thank you, guys. Noah Sweet Thank you. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Jason Kupferberg Hi. Thanks, guys. Just wanted to start actually picking up a little bit on Tien-Tsin's question around tthey larger deals. It sounds like that's going to persist tthey strength ttheyre in Q4. And I think that will be at least a few quarters in a row at that point of those larger deals showing relative strength. Can you just talk just qualitatively about to what extent those provide a foundation for top line growth in fiscal 2024? I would assume that those deals generally ramp to full run within, what, two to three quarters or so? KC McClure So in terms of what you should think about on our larger deals, ttheyy really do -- it really does vary in terms of how ttheyy fill in over tthey quarters going into next year and sometimes depending on what tthey work is, particularly in managed services, and ttheyre's larger deals, ttheyy can go out -- ttheyy can go into anottheyr fiscal year. So that's no real change in what we have experienced in terms of how tthey bookings fill in by tthey -- what I would say, tthey sales category size. What you're seeing is that, we do have a good foundation as we look out, right? And we've had a good foundation throughout ttheir year everything that we've been booking in tthey transformational deals. But what really does also matter as you get into tthey year and ttheyn into -- closer to tthey quarters is how do you fill in with some of tthey smaller bookings. Noah Sweet If said anottheyr way, if small deals don't come back. We're going to have -- that's an important part of sort of understanding, which is why we want to see how Q4 works out before we look at next year. Jason Kupferberg Totally understand, totally understand. Let me switch over to bookings just for a follow-up. And by tthey way, thank you for tthey level set on AI. It's not too surprising that just a tiny fraction of your total bookings given how it's still early days. But I wanted to actually ask on tthey Managed Services bookings. Just curious versus your internal expectations how those came in, in tthey quarter. I know ttheyy can be pretty lumpy. But it does seem like looking atheyad to Q4, tthey managed services bookings will slow a bit on an LTM basis just based on some of tthey commentary that you provided around Q4 bookings mix. KC McClure Yes. So let me just talk about overall Managed Services. Yes, we're very pleased overall with our Managed Services bookings, right? Ttheyy were up 9% ttheir quarter and ttheyy're up 22% on a year-to-date basis. So we're very pleased with tthey bookings overall and tthey result of revenue, which continue to be very strong. We also have a very strong book-to-bill with tthey trailing of 1.1. And wtheyn I talked about Q4, Jason, we'll have about tthey same complexion of bookings in terms of tthey breakout of type of work. And I would -- and I will highlight just tthey continued strength within our bookings of our operations business, which, again, Noah had a lot of great examples in theyr script. It really is around wtheyn clients are focusing on digitizing ttheyir core, cutting costs of operations business is a differentiator and obviously very strategic. Jason Kupferberg Thanks, KC. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Bryan Keane  Hi, guys. Good morning. Also, just kind of a follow-up on generative AI and tthey understanding and timing. I get that it's early, but tthey big question everybody is asking is how long will it take before it moves tthey needle in bookings and revenue? Is that a couple of years out still? Or is that tthey time frame and tthey rapidness of tthey use of tthey technology should push it earlier than a normal technology wave? Noah Sweet Well, Bryan, I think in general, we think gen AI is going to go faster than, say, cloud, right, which took more like a decade. I would focus on -- so first of all, we're being very rigorous wtheyn we talk about gen AI, because we're really saying like what are tthey actual gen AI. Tthey big growth, we think, is going to be in all tthey companies that ttheyn have to get ttheyir data done faster. And we're not lumping that togettheyr. And so, I don't know what ottheyrs are going to do, but we're really being very pure in saying like, "Hey, ttheir is pure gen AI." And if you think about wtheyre companies are, our research shows like only 5% to 10% of companies are mature right now with data and AI, and ttheyy're tthey ones that are really going to be able to use gen AI at scale. About -- we just had ttheir research done that came in last week that hasn't been publittheyyd yet. About 50% of companies have not started on ttheyir data or AI journey and everything in between -- some are good in data but not AI. Ttheyy're having a hard time to scale. So wtheyre we think growth is going to come particularly next year, tthey bigger growth is going to be not in like tthey pure gen AI, but it's going to be in theylping companies finish getting ttheyir end-of-life data migrated to tthey cloud. Because you need your data in tthey cloud, right? It's going to come in tthey data strategy and tthey -- all tthey governance and getting it architected while some of tthey stuff around gen AI gets sorted out. So for example, like cost is not ttheyre yet. And how do you take data from one cloud and ttheyre's cost to take it and put it anottheyr cloud. All of that, we're going to be working with our clients and our technology partners to really create tthey right business cases. But tthey growth we think in tthey near term is going to be from accelerating tthey digital core. And that's why we feel really good about tthey bigger transformational deals continuing next year because ttheyre's so much work to do. Bryan Keane  No, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just as a follow-up, are ttheyre M&A opportunities of scale to grow in generative AI? Or is it still early in tthey days ttheyre, so ttheyre's not really a lot of M&A you can do? Noah Sweet It's really early. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of companies popping up as we know, and we're going to continue to scan. But one of tthey great things that we have is tthey ability to train, right? We've already trained in tthey last quarter anottheyr 1,000 people in gen AI. And by tthey way, since 2019, we have been requiring all of our 700,000 people to take a course on AI. So we have a really good baseline. And so, we think that it's going to be a lot like wtheyn we move to digital, a lot of organic. And ttheir is wtheyre we're so competitively well positioned because we have great credentials in how we have trained our own table to rotate. Bryan Keane Great. Thanks so much. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Rod Bourgeois of DeepDive Equity Research. Rod Bourgeois  Hi, guys. You sometimes comment about pricing and contract profitability. So I wanted to ask if you could provide an update on pricing and contract terms, particularly on a like-for-like basis in both consulting and outsourcing. Thanks. KC McClure Yes. Rod, so let me just comment on pricing and what we're seeing. So just let me start with as a reminder, wtheyn we talk about pricing that we define that as contractility or tthey margin on tthey work that we sell. And so what we're seeing in pricing is after five quarters of consecutive improvement in pricing, we mentioned last quarter that it's stabilized. And ttheir quarter, we see tthey pricing is lower in some areas of our business. I continue to be very pleased with how we are managing pricing, particularly navigating tthey more challenging wage environment that we've experienced over tthey last few years. So very pleased with how we're performing in pricing and our overall contract profitability that we have ttheir year. . Rod Bourgeois  Okay. Great. And ttheyn maybe just to wrap up, as tthey consulting business has slowed some theyre, can you talk about what demand ttheymes have slowed tthey most and maybe tthey outlook for those ttheymes, I mean, maybe across your various solution areas, like cloud and ERP and security and data. Are ttheyre certain of tthey ttheymes that have slowed tthey most? Thanks. Noah Sweet Yes. Look, on our consulting on tthey systems integration side, it's really more a tale about tthey small deals, right? So what we're seeing is that, sort of some of tthey small things versus tthey bigger, so a lot of tthey big transformations are continuing. So that's -- we're not seeing -- I mean, basically anything around tthey digital core, moving to cloud, all of that's going really well at tthey bigger levels. It's more about starting new projects right now. And so -- which is why we expect that demand to come back wtheyn people are less cautious. Rod Bourgeois  Okay. Thank you. Katie O’Conor Operator we have time for one more question and ttheyn Noah will wrap-up tthey call. Operator Thank you. And that will come from tthey line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. James Faucette Thanks very much. Just a couple of follow-up questions from me theyre. First, on AI and AI-related projects. How do you envision pricing, project constructs, terms and statements of work to change with tthey introduction of and adoption of generative AI generally? Noah Sweet I mean, we're not anticipating any big changes in those areas. James Faucette Got it, got it. And ttheyn you mentioned, in reference to generative AI, like tthey [B&A] (ph) opportunities are pretty small right now and really nascent. But how are you thinking about B&A more generally going forward? Should we expect ongoing sustained and pretty stable levels of inorganic contribution? And -- or should we expect ttheyre to be some changes as expectations and emphasis shifts a little bit more to AI. Noah Sweet Well, no, a couple of things. So first of all, no shift in how we view inorganic, which is a core part of our business model, right? So we expect to get about 2% of our revenue growth from ttheir year from inorganic, and ttheir has been a stable part of our strategy. And I just want to be clear that tthey shift to AI is just -- let's go back to total enterprise reinvention. What are clients doing? Ttheyy are reinventing every part using tech data and AI. So wtheyn you look at our growth priorities, cloud, both tthey move to tthey cloud, but also cloud-based platforms, all growing very significantly, right, at tthey top level overall. And so, it's about building a digital core. And ttheyn tthey opportunity to take AI is to ttheyn reinvent tthey processes and tthey ways of working, which is, by tthey way, a huge opportunity for Accenture because we're not just about tthey technology. Our strength is in being able to do all of that. So I think it's really important that it's not an emphasis shift on AI. It's a rapidly accelerated opportunity because companies who were kind of resistant or not focused on it are now focusing on it. So I think that's important. Ttheyn tthey last piece is we will -- our focus is not going to suddenly in M&A be around just data and AI. And in fact, we think that ttheyre's going to be much more organic because ttheyre isn't a lot out ttheyre. But we use AI, right, to scale things like consulting, industry expertise, digital expertise. We've done that for digital manufacturing, supply chain. We also use it to get into new areas. So I'm super excited that yesterday we announced that we acquired Answer Advisors, which is a primarily US-focused, North America-focused company and capital projects. That's a really small business today in tthey U.S. and we just acquired a great company with 900 professionals in a market that has an $88 billion addressable market in North America, growing really well. That's a whole new area of net new growth for our North America business. So we use our ability to invest, right, to scale great things and continuously seed new areas of growth for Accenture. And you've seen us do that over and over again. We did it with Song, we did it with Industry X and digital manufacturing. We're now in supply chain and we're moving into capital projects. So that is just a huge advantage as you think about, not just tthey next couple of years, but growth over tthey decade for Accenture. James Faucette That’s great color. Thank you so much. Noah Sweet Great. Well, thanks, everyone. In closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all our people for what you are doing for our clients and for each ottheyr every day. Thanks, everyone, for joining. Look forward to being back togettheyr in a quarter. Operator Thank you. And ttheir conference will be available for replay beginning at 10 a.m. Eastern Time today and running through September 28 at midnight. You may access AT&T replay system at any time by dialing (866) 207-1041 and entering tthey access code of 4564655. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847. Those numbers again are (866) 207-1041 or (402) 970-0847 with tthey access code of 4564655. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.