Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Dennis Loughran - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Michael Hugtheys - SGF Capital Michael Markowski - Overbrook Capital Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Craig Bram, President and CEO of Synalloy. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's third quarter 2018 conference call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO, is with me today as well. Dennis will provide a review of tthey Q3 financials, and ttheyn I will provide some comments on our business segments. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using 3 different methods: one, GAAP-based EPS; two, adjusted net income and non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and three, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. As. A note, tthey information disclosed in ttheir call is subject to tthey disclaimers that are printed at tthey end of tthey press release regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial information. Third quarter GAAP-based income was net profit of $5 million or $0.56 per share as compared with a net loss of $1.2 million or $0.14 per share in tthey third quarter of 2017. Tthey third quarter 2018 results were favorably impacted by a pretax $0.3 million adjustment to decrease tthey company's earn-out liability related to tthey 2017 acquisition of tthey Bristol Metals' Munhall stainless steel business compared to only a $63,000 unfavorable charge in 3Q of last year. Tthey assessment of our earn-out liability is done quarterly and will change up or down wtheyn forecasted pricing and volumes under tthey agreement change. Q3 of ttheir year included $396,000 of acquisition-related expenses compared to $186,000 of such expenses last year. We expect such costs to continue into tthey fourth quarter of 2018 as various professional services and ottheyr costs are incurred to complete required acquisition accounting and startup activities. We continue to expect tthey full total for 2018 expenditures related to tthey recent Munhall galvanized acquisition to reach a total of approximately $1.2 million to $1.3 million. Third quarter 2018 results also included a charge of $494,000 on mark-to-market valuation of marketable securities theyld by tthey company. Last year's third quarter had a benefit of $310,000 related to tthey realized gain on marketable securities disposed during that period last year. Tthey change in tthey effective tax rate to 22% from last year's third quarter rate of 30% yielded approximately $510,000 in incremental net income. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $5.8 million or $0.65 per share as compared with adjusted net loss of $1 million or $0.12 per share in tthey third quarter of 2017. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $10.3 million or 13.2% of sales compared to prior year's third quarter total of $0.7 million or 1.3% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change gain impacting results totaled, on a pretax basis, $1.6 million in tthey third quarter of 2018 compared to a $2 million loss in last year's third quarter for a total favorable swing of $3.6 million between tthey 2 quarters. While that value explains some of tthey year-over-year improvement, tthey remaining $6 million of adjusted EBITDA increase, excluding that impact, represents a tripling of last year's third quarter total. Craig's comments will provide some insights into performance across tthey portfolio. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey third quarter was 15.3%, a substantial improvement over prior year's third quarter of 3.7%. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $62.8 million, up $36.9 million from December 31 of 2017's total. Tthey increase was primarily related to funds used for tthey July 1 galvanized acquisition, increased working capital due to substantially increased activity and increased replacement costs in steel based components of our inventory. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining as of September 30, 2018 was approximately $16.7 million. As an additional note to point out and clarify a change in reporting implemented in ttheir third quarter filing, tthey company has begun reporting values related to earn-out adjustments as a component of consolidated operating income compared to previous periods, wtheyre it was included as a complement of ottheyr income and expense. While both treatments include ttheyse adjustments in GAAP reported net income, our review of guidance issued by tthey financial accounting standards board, along with interpretive guidance from public audit firms, resulted in tthey termination that benefit our charges related to earn-out adjustments, should be reported as a component of operating income. Ttheir is essentially a placement change in tthey income statement and does not impact any reporting of our GAAP or non-GAAP metrics. Earn-out have been and will continue to be considered add-backs in both our non-GAAP adjusted net income and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA metrics. Since earn-out adjustments result from tthey company's use of earn-out agreements as a valuable complement of our acquisition strategy in determining purchase price, under ttheir new treatment, we will be clarifying - classifying all earn-out adjustments as corporate and not allocated to segment operating results. Both theirtorical and future reported operating profits results from our Metals and Ctheymicals segments will retain full comparability without any restatements. If ttheyre are any questions, I will be glad to address ttheym during tthey Q&A session later in tthey call. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thank you, Dennis. We were pleased with tthey company's performance in tthey third quarter with results exceeding tthey midyear forecast. Sales for tthey quarter were just shy of $78 million, a new record, and adjusted net income totaled $5.8 million. Sales for tthey 9-month period were $208 million, and adjusted net income was $16.3 million. Ttheyse were substantial improvements over tthey same periods last year and continued tthey trend of strong results for every quarter ttheir year. At our next board meeting on November 15, tthey board will set tthey record and payment dates for ttheir year's dividend of $0.25 per share. Also, we are completing our budgeting and planning process for 2019 and expect to issue our forecast in early December. Before commenting on each of our business segments, let me address some of our ottheyr initiatives. As reported in tthey earnings release and in tthey 10-Q, during tthey third quarter, we sold over 44,000 shares of Synalloy stock under tthey aftermarket offering for net proceeds of $1 million. You will recall that tthey ATM provides for up to $10 million in stock sales. With tthey recent selloff in tthey Russell 2000, and specifically tthey decline in our share price, tthey sale of Synalloy stock at recent prices is not as attractive as it was back in September. While less likely that we will sell shares in tthey open market at current prices, we may issue shares as part of an acquisition. Ttheir assumes that tthey transaction would be immediately accretive. Should we issue shares for an acquisition, ttheyse shares would count against tthey shares allotted for tthey ATM. Our M&A activity remains focused on potential acquisitions in tthey Metals and Ctheymicals segments. We've continued to see good deal flow and have several opportunities that we believe would fit very nicely within our present portfolio of businesses. I will hopefully have more to report before year-end. In addition to ttheyse opportunities, during tthey third quarter, we purchased shares in anottheyr public company. At ttheir time, we own shares in 2 public companies with ownership interest of 3.9% and 4.3%, respectively. Both companies serve similar end markets to Synalloy and trade at attractive valuations. Ttheyy are potential merger or acquisition candidates or can simply be good investments over time. We will have to see how things develop. Let me turn to our business segment. Starting with tthey ctheymical group, our pipeline of new products is beginning to generate traction, as evidenced by tthey strong year-over-year sales comparisons. It has taken some time to replace tthey loss of several large product lines, but tthey ctheymical team has made excellent progress. Tthey most encouraging point is that our long-term customers continue to look for new products that we can support. Synalloy ctheymicals has a great reputation for executing on product quality and delivery. For example, in tthey past 30 days, we signed a new 3-year agreement to increase tthey tonnage of an existing product by over 4.5 million pounds annually. Ttheir type of organic growth provides for meaningful incremental profits. Turning to tthey Metals Segment, tthey level of overall business activity remains very good, and industry commentaries suggest that 2019 should be just as good as 2018, if not better. In our stainless steel pipe and tube business, tthey backlog is strong and tthey mix of special alloys is higtheyr than it has been in recent years. We will be completing 2 significant project jobs from our Bristol Tennessee operations throughout ttheir quarter, with tthey final shipments sctheyduled for mid-January of 2019. We are hopeful customers will release additional project work during tthey course of 2019. Unfortunately, nickel prices and associated surcharges have been under pressure since July. In tthey past 3 months, nickel prices have returned to wtheyre ttheyy ended in 2017. Should ttheyy continue to trend downward, distribution customers will likely slow ttheyir order activity, particularly on commodity alloys. With our seamless carbon product line, sales in material margins have remained at a high level and look good for tthey balance of tthey year. Tthey market is looking for more offshore drilling activity in 2019, which will be a boost to tthey Houston facility should that come to pass. Tthey tank and vessel backlogs remain at high levels as well with tthey mix that is theyavily oriented toward larger tanks. Pricing looks good as well in that space. Tthey biggest challenge right now in ttheir market is finding and retaining labor. Ttheir is true across tthey economy now, but even more so in West Texas. New takeaway capacity is expected to come online next year and should result in increased drilling over tthey next several years. As mentioned in tthey earnings release, our forecast for 2018 has not changed since it was revised at tthey end of tthey second quarter. We're still looking for $285 million in sales and adjusted EBITDA of $37 million. Ttheir would be a record year by far for tthey company for both sales and EBITDA. We're also pleased to be increasing tthey year-end dividend to our shareholders by 92%. Dennis and I will now open tthey floor to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Your line is now open. Michael Hugtheys Thank you. Hey Craig and Dennis, how are you? Craig Bram Hey Michael, how you doing? Michael Hugtheys Good, good. First question, I think you instituted a 10% base price increase on tthey stainless business in March. How much of that flowed through in tthey just-reported quarter? Craig Bram Mike, tthey pricing throughout tthey year is theyld up, so ttheyre's not been any retrenching on tthey pricing side. So tthey bulk of that is going to be showing up in our Q3 numbers. If you look at our backlog right now, tthey pricing is actually up. But that is more due to tthey mix. We've got more special alloy in that backlog mix than we've had in a long time. And tthey commodity products, tthey pricing is basically flat with what it was in Q2. So ttheyre's not been any retrenchment in pricing on tthey commodity products, but tthey improvement in pricing in tthey backlog is really driven by mix right now. Michael Hugtheys Okay. But tthey March 1 10% price increase did stick, right? Craig? Craig Bram Yes. Sorry, Mike. Michael Hugtheys I apologize. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey alloy mix. I think you disclosed tthey number for tthey first and second quarter to roughly 3.5% and 6.5%. What was it in tthey just-reported quarter? Craig Bram I missed tthey first part of your question. You're kind of... Dennis Loughran Tthey alloy mix. Craig Bram Tthey alloy mix. Okay. Yes. Alloy mix in tthey third quarter, tthey pounds have moved up from tthey 5% range earlier ttheir year to 7%. And ttheyn tthey backlog right now, tthey pounds are roughly 11% or 12%, and tthey dollars - percentage of revenue is roughly 21%. But you have to recognize that all of those are not going to shift in tthey next 3 months. So it's more of a 6-month look on tthey backlog, particularly with alloys. So we're continuing to see tthey percentage creep up. We probably had tthey best mix in 2014, wtheyre tthey special alloys represented about 9% of our pounds. And I expect that we're going to start moving up closer to that, certainly for tthey shipments in 2014. So some of that backlog's going out in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Some of it will go out in January and February of next year. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So tthey - you mentioned some project work in tthey fourth quarter, and ttheyn that kind of flowing into at least January. So tthey - especially alloy mix will improve in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year versus tthey third quarter, right? Craig Bram That's right. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn one more for you, and ttheyn I'll jump back in tthey queue. I understand tthey nickel dynamics. So have you started to see distribution buying slowdown at ttheir point? Or are you just commenting that, theirtorically, that has happened if it continues to decline? Craig Bram Well, our backlog certainly continue to grow, but again, most of that's coming on tthey special alloy side. So I'd say at ttheir point in time, tthey purchasing of commodity products is basically flat. We have not seen that uptick, but we haven't seen it decline yet eittheyr. So - but typically, wtheyn you have declining nickel prices, you're going to have customers, who are reluctant to pull tthey trigger until ttheyy have tthey sense that nickel prices have bottomed. Michael Hugtheys Okay, okay. So tthey sequential increase in tthey backlog at BRISMET from, I don't know, $35.5 million at tthey end of tthey June quarter to $37.2 million is more of a function of specialty, which carries a better margin? Craig Bram That's right. Michael Hugtheys Okay, I'll get in queue. Thank you. Craig Bram Sure. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Markowski from Overbrook Capital. Your line is now open. Michael Markowski Good morning, guys. Great job executing and continuing on your plan theyre. I was glad to see you discuss tthey ATM in your comments. And I'm wondering, it sounded like you're backing off a little bit, but that you might also continue to sell shares if tthey stock does rebound up into that low 20 area, wtheyre you guys sold before? I'm wondering, has ttheyre been any discussion about possibly canceling that and just doing a straight offering, given tthey liquidity of tthey stock or lack of liquidity in tthey stock? It really does serve as a ceiling to wtheyre your stock can go, and I think it kind of killed tthey momentum of wtheyre tthey stock was going a couple of months ago. So I'm interested if ttheyre's been discussions about that taking a different approach to raising tthey capital and tthey lease just getting over it with rattheyr than having a possible 2-, 3- quarter, 4-quarter overhang. Craig Bram Yes. Michael, I mean, those are all good questions. I think let me start with tthey thought of doing a larger offering. We did a follow-on offering back in 2013, in tthey fall of 2013. And that was specifically following an acquisition we did that was a substantial size. At that time, it was a substantial size for us. Our concern with doing a follow-on right now wtheyn we don't have a deal teed up large enough to support it is that we could wind up selling stock, albeit at what could be a favorable price. But if we, in turn, don't relatively quickly do a deal that requires that type of funding, we're going to create some pretty significant dilution to our shareholders that we would like to avoid. So typically, wtheyn we look at a deal, if we're going to do all debt, obviously, that's going to be accretive out of tthey gate. And if we're going to use a portion of stock in tthey transaction, we want to make sure that that, combined with tthey transaction, is immediately accretive. So unless we had a significant transaction, we're not going to go out and sell $30 million worth of stock at a single point. Tthey ATM, that $10 million, we had couple of thoughts on that. One is with tthey strong results we're producing, if ttheyre was adequate interest in buying tthey stock, we'd be in a position to sell some shares like we did in tthey third quarter. Albeit not as many shares as we would have liked to, we sold those shares at $22.60, which on an enterprise value to EBITDA basis was in tthey 7.8 to 8 range, which if you look at Synalloy stock prices theirtorically, wtheyn tthey company's doing well, that's about tthey multiple that we kind of, in tthey past, have maxed out on. So we felt good about selling shares at tthey price that we sold ttheym that - at in tthey third quarter. Tthey stock price obviously backed down, along with everybody else, in tthey Russell 2000 and probably more so in tthey metal side. So we saw our stock drift down in tthey $18 range. Not very excited about selling stock at $18, quite a bit different than selling at $22.60. But tthey ottheyr thought about tthey ATM was that if we were doing a smaller transaction, which may require some stock, not so much because we want tthey stock to be part of tthey total transaction value. But depending on tthey size of tthey transaction and tthey makeup of tthey management team, we feel like it's always good to have a portion of tthey purchase price in some Synalloy stock and, of course, earn-outs because it keeps those guys focused on tthey business going forward. But as I mentioned in tthey remarks, if we were to use some stock in a transaction, we would count that towards tthey ATM allotment. And I guess, to get to tthey final punch line, if that combined with tthey shares that we've sold theyre recently, consumed most of tthey $10 million ATM, it's quite likely that we would consider terminating tthey ATM at that point if ttheyre were only a few shares left on it. Michael Markowski Okay. And ttheyn one follow up ttheyn. If I recall correctly, I believe that you guys have talked about closing on an acquisition by year-end at least as a goal. Could you comment a little bit on wtheyre you are with that if you still think that's feasible? Craig Bram At ttheir point, I can't comment on it. Hopefully, we'll have more to talk about between now and tthey end of tthey year. Michael Markowski Okay, fair enough. Thank you, guys. Craig Bram Sure. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Charles Gold from Scott & Stringfellow. Your line is now open. Charles Gold Thank you. Congratulations, Dennis and Craig. It really is great to see you hitting on all cylinders and putting aggressive goals out ttheyre, and ttheyn beating tthey goals. So I commend you both on that. Craig Bram Thanks, Charles. Charles Gold On tthey - I like tthey tying of ATM with a potential acquisition using shares in that method because ttheyn if it's accretive, you can see it from tthey beginning. I've seen some companies use shares and not base it on a formula. And your center stocks have thinly traded. That would scare me a little bit because if you did an average price over a 30-day period or something, you could get whipsawed ttheyre. But I have seen companies that can justify that ttheyy're trading at or below ttheyir enterprise value, and you're earning a lot of money now, you've got strong EBITDA, pegging a price that's often above wtheyre tthey stock's trading. Let's say, before tthey day is open, if you were pegging a deal at $22 or $22.5, I think you can justify that to tthey seller. I think tthey market might reward you for doing a deal wtheyre tthey shares are priced at $22.5. And obviously, you don't have those costs you have with doing an offering. So any thoughts on that concept? Craig Bram Yes. I mean, Charles I think that all makes sense. In a lot of respects, ttheyre's going to be deals specific - we - theirtorically, we've done transactions that are in tthey $5 million to $6 million EBITDA range in our $30 million plus transactions wtheyn you include tthey earn-out. We've done transactions wtheyre tthey stock piece is not as important. Yes, we had a deal that we are working on at tthey end of last year that got pretty close that would have involved as much as $17 million or $18 million of Synalloy shares, and would have been immediately accretive. And at that point, we are actually considering tthey fact that with tthey transaction that was being contemplated, that tthey value of tthey stock should be higtheyr than it was trading at in that point in time. And we talked about wtheyttheyr or not it made sense to sell shares that actually are higtheyr priced than what ttheyy were trading in at tthey market at that time. So I think that's a reasonable approach depending on what tthey specific deal looks like. Charles Gold Terrific. Thanks again. You are making that smarter than we really are, so I appreciate it. Craig Bram Thanks. Operator Thank you. So we have a follow-up question from Mike Hugtheys from SGF Capital. Michael Hugtheys Follow-ups for you. Just on tthey Ctheymicals business, tthey new customer, I think maybe it was an existing customer. Tthey 5 million pounds, is that on a tolling side? And ttheyn what type of revenue or margin will that generate? Craig Bram It is on tthey tolling side, Mike. Tthey way that deal works is ttheyre's about $0.5 million of CapEx that tthey customer is going to pay for over time. And so that's going to be built into tthey tolling price. I can't recall. Are we providing tthey raws? I know we're not making money on tthey raws. Dennis Loughran Yes, ttheyre is. Craig Bram Because tthey customer's going to provide tthey raw materials. So we're just - it's just a flat-out total. And we really haven't had very little labor to that. So it's going to be materially profitable to tthey folks at CRI, wtheyre ttheyy're going to be making that product. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey Ctheymicals Segment, wtheyre do you see tthey margins playing out in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn into next year prior to ttheir business ramping? Dennis Loughran Yes. Mike, ttheir is Dennis. Yes, and we've talked about those numbers in tthey past, right, with tthey mix of what tthey total businesses flowing through with toll as well as materially - material added to tthey value of a contract manufacturing. I think looking at wtheyre we're at, maybe plus 100 basis points for tthey fourth quarter would be about it, we're down from comparable periods in tthey earnings release. I think it's about 240 basis points of material margin down. But that's because we're basically passing through material in tthey price and not - you're not going to have that tolling base high margin percent going forward. So I think ttheyy're going to get a little bit better because tthey third - tthey second and third quarter had a lot of summer and early fall sales that did have us owning tthey material. And it goes back to a little higtheyr percentage of total base up in tthey fourth quarter. And it's hard to calculate, but I think it will be a little bit better than you saw in tthey third quarter. Michael Hugtheys I see. And ttheyn you did provide tthey revenue from tthey new galvanized and ornamental steel business for tthey quarter. Can you just comment on tthey EBITDA from that business? Craig Bram We probably shouldn't comment specifically on that, Mike, because it's - ttheyre's a relatively small number of customers that we're selling into that market, and that's probably not something we'd want to lay out for now. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Was tthey EBITDA for that positive in tthey quarter? Craig Bram Yes. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn you talked about an opportunity to expand your business with a couple of ctheymical customers in tthey galvanized business. How is that proceeding? Craig Bram Tthey ctheymical customers didn't have to do with tthey galvanized business. Are you saying between tthey Ctheymicals and tthey galvanized business? Michael Hugtheys I thought ttheyy were integrated bulk containers, that ttheyre was an expansion opportunity in tthey galvanized business, and I thought tthey end market was Ctheymicals. Craig Bram Oh yes, yes, yes. Okay. You had me confused theyre. You said tthey Ctheymicals and galvanized. Yes, we continue to work with several customers about expanding tthey tonnage that we're providing for ttheyir IBCs, and we're also making some pretty good progress on opportunities for galvanized and road construction. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn 2 last questions for you. Ttheyre's been multiple reports of a slowdown in tthey Permian, but it looks like your backlog going into a seasonally slower quarter is still pretty good. So can you just talk about tthey activity you're seeing at Palmer? Craig Bram Yes. We don't have any sense of a slowdown. I'm sure some of tthey E&P guys, ttheyy may not be punching as may holes in tthey ground as ttheyy like to because ttheyy're waiting for tthey takeaway capacity to get in place by tthey end of next year, into 2020. But we've got plenty of inquiries. Most of what we're doing is larger tanks that carry higtheyr selling prices. And yes, ttheyre's been no sign at all on our end of any kind of slowing activity in tthey Permian. Tthey biggest issue we got ttheyre is labor. In tthey last peak period we had in 2014, most of our labor was within a relatively close proximity of tthey Andrews facility. And right now, probably half of our labor is what I'd call transient. It's coming in from New Mexico and ottheyr parts of Texas. And we've actually had to look at putting up some - getting ahold of some houses and apartments of leasing space to put some of ttheyse transient folks - transient labor into. So it's higtheyr turnover. I mean, it's been a challenge out ttheyre because things have been going and blowing for so long now that everybody's scrambling around trying to get ttheyir share of tthey manpower. Michael Hugtheys And I assume your competitors have tthey same issue. So will you be able to pass along tthey additional costs, you think, next year to tthey end customer? Craig Bram Yes. Wtheyn we look at our backlog right now, our tank prices are quite a bit higtheyr. It's not so much tthey ability to pass on tthey wage increases. We can do that. It's more disruptive to our productivity because of tthey turnover. So if you have a guy that comes in, and they's ttheyre with you 6 months, and they's finally getting to tthey point wtheyre they knows how to make a tank and do it efficiently. And ttheyn they turns around and runs off and takes anottheyr job in some ottheyr part of Texas or even outside of Texas that has a negative impact on our productivity, for sure. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it. Operator [Operator Instructions] I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Craig Bram, President and CEO of Synalloy, for any furttheyr remarks. Craig Bram Thank you very much for your support. We certainly appreciate tthey continued interest in our company and look forward to sharing future results with you as we get into 2019. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.