Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Director of Gateway Investor Relations Ben Rosenzweig - Executive Chairman of tthey Board Chris Hutter - President & Chief Executive Officer Aaron Tam - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss Synalloy's Financial Results for tthey First Quarter Ended March 31, 2022. Joining us today are Synalloy's, Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig; President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Aaron Tam; and tthey company's outside Investor Relations adviser, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. Before we go first, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Cree, as they reads tthey company's Safe Harbor statement within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad.  Cody Cree Thanks, Adrienne. Before we continue, I'd like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements, pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities law. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Synalloy advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today, and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company's website at synalloy.com. Please note that, ttheir call is available for replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Synalloy's, Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben, over to you. Ben Rosenzweig Thank you, Cody, and good afternoon, everyone. Synalloy had a very strong start to 2022 leading to our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth and second consecutive quarter of record results for revenue, net income and adjusted EBITDA. We're very pleased that our dedicated employees are able to see tthey fruits of ttheyir labor, manifest in our record results. Ttheyy worked tirelessly to set ttheir company up for sustained success and continue to transform Synalloy into tthey premier provider of pipe tube and specialty ctheymical solutions. Throughout tthey quarter, we capitalized on a favorable pricing environment, due to tthey significant progress we've made in our operations since tthey start of our turnaround. Ttheir market dynamic drove higtheyr-than-expected margins, and allowed us to benefit at a much greater rate from tthey continued elevated demand we experienced. We believe we can continue to improve productivity, but I'm pleased with our efforts in enhancing our sales and operations, planning to unlock greater efficiency within our platform. A prime example of ttheir has been our efforts across both divisions to break down prior silos and operate as one cotheysive unit. We've made meaningful progress in manufacturing and selling certain products across multiple sites in order to better control costs and improve lead times. And I wanted to take a moment to commend, Tim and John for tthey one team unified mentality that ttheyy bring to ttheyir respective organizations, ensuring that we fully capitalize on our broad manufacturing and distribution capabilities, to become a full-service solutions provider for our customers. Providing solutions will always prove more durable and profitable than just selling products. Our finance team continues to focus on monitoring tthey pricing environment and developing better ways to refine our pricing adjustments in real time. We continue to prioritize investments that automate our forecasting processes, allowing us to reallocate resources to growth-related pursuits. As you may remember, we made substantial progress updating our inventory accounting system beginning in January. We've already seen tthey benefits of doing so as our operators now have better insight into ttheyir costs, enabling ttheym to make more informed pricing and production decisions. Furttheyr to improving our decision-making, we've identified multiple lessons learned from tthey integration of DanCtheym that we plan to leverage for future acquisitions. We remain opportunistic in our M&A strategy and have found several potential prospects that we believe to be additive to our growth plans. We'll continue to be disciplined with how we allocate our capital and look to focus on both organic and inorganic growth. We have ample liquidity available and plan to continuously assess what offers our shareholders, tthey higtheyst return on incremental capital deployed. We're cognizant of tthey tailwinds that have theylped us to achieve our record results. We remain focused on capitalizing on tthey market conditions, while prioritizing longer-term initiatives, like diversifying our revenue streams in both segments, continuously improving core operational efficiencies, through automation and disciplined process control levers, as well as developing best-in-class commercial and consumer excellence to retain our loyal customers and furttheyr cement ourselves as a premier solution provider. Tthey work that, we've been performing ttheyse past 18 months has revolved around building a company that can withstand tthey inevitability of cyclical pricing environments. We feel good with wtheyre we sit today, but ttheyre is certainly more work atheyad to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Now, I'd like to pass tthey call over to Chris to provide greater details on our operations across both segments, but I'll be available later on to answer any questions. Chris, over to you. Chris Hutter Thanks, Ben, and thank you all for joining today's call. Like Ben said, we continued our momentum and capitalized on tthey strong market environment to drive our record results for ttheir quarter. Let's start by discussing our Metals segment. While tthey entire supply chain experienced higtheyr material costs, we worked with our customers to pass-through tthey increased indirect expenses often realizing a greater contribution margin on those incremental sales, taking place at higtheyr prices. With our improved delivery time lines, reliability and overall product quality, our hope is that we can provide some level of differentiation so that pricing becomes stickier, even as tthey macro environment normalizes. We've previously discussed several initiatives that we were working on that will theylp position ttheir segment for long-term success. We maintain our focus on improving manufacturing efficiency and prudent cost control procedures, which includes finding favorable material costing in our supply chain, investing in new technologies and automation upgrades and having disciplined inventory management systems. Also with our capacity growing each day, we have and will continue to invest in our sales and business development teams, to go out into tthey market and secure orders from large blue-chip customers in tthey space. We anticipate material pricing may begin to normalize for tthey second half of 2022. And we have made good progress in our deliberate shift from producing to stock to producing for specific orders. We are optimistic that moving toward a manufacturing model wtheyre we do not even begin to order certain materials until tthey booking is in hand, will theylp us to remove certain portions of tthey earnings risks that come with a volatile raw material pricing environment. Obviously, that shift cannot be successful unless we are dialed in with our sales and operations planning, so we can effectively manage our production costs along tthey way, even if, we are not operating at full capacity. So far, we're very pleased with tthey efforts of Clint Skipper, who is leading tthey operational execution for Tim's team. And we think tthey best is still to come. Throughout tthey quarter, we have also been thoughtful about strengttheyning our supply chain by broadening and diversifying our supplier base, as we look to mitigate potential disruptions. We hope to continue to wield our increased purchasing power, to drive favorable volume discounts and procurement rebates. We absolutely believe ttheyre are more opportunities for cost savings in our supply chain. And we will continue to aggressively pursue ttheym. Technology and automation are also an area that we continue to invest in, that will allow us to drive better operational margins. At our North Ralphina facility, we have developed a roadmap that will guide us towards ramping automation to increase our operational margins. I expect, we will see tthey additional benefits of reduced labor and overtheyad expenses slowly roll through towards tthey end of tthey year and into next. Given our current assets were assembled in a bit of a piecemeal fashion, we believe ttheyre will always be future opportunities for targeted technological and automated improvements, if we are willing to get creative and aggressive. As Ben stated earlier, we are pursuing a high-growth strategy for ttheir segment. And we invested theyavily in our sales personnel over tthey past few quarters. Our overall capacity is improving. And in conjunction, our expanded sales team has seen encouraging results. Our business development efforts in ttheir quarter resulted in over 120 new customers. And we expect to continue organically growing ttheir number. I am proud of tthey progress we've made in our Metals segment in tthey quarter. We made key foundational changes that have allowed us to take advantage of an attractive market to maintain tthey upward trajectory that we are on. Moving into our Ctheymicals business, we continue to execute on our initiatives by improving our overall capacity and optimizing our processes to drive growth, increase profitability and enhance our operational resiliency. Much like tthey Metals segment, alongside rising costs of material and labor, we made competitive price increases and achieved higtheyr margins as a result. We drove higtheyr year-over-year sales at all three sites, while continuing to invest in our operations. Through ttheir, we are prioritizing an organizational structure that can promote our high-growth mindset, and set up our company for long-term success. While we are experiencing higtheyr theyadcount costs in tthey near-term, ttheyse additions are necessary and congruent with our expansionary efforts and we anticipate will ultimately lead to robust pipeline opportunities, additional operational efficiency and increased margins. Under John's leadership, we are investing in our engineering and process development team, by adding process engineers to our South Ralphina and Tennessee facilities. We are going to be utilizing a 24/7 work cycle in Tennessee to handle tthey increased volume. Our engineers will ensure that we maintain our growth mindset, as we look to actively court our existing customers in order to win new programs. Our Kyle plant, which we acquired through DanCtheym, has been at tthey forefront of our engineering efforts. And we've been able to exploit our ottheyr sites in order to grow tthey overall pie for tthey entire division. Lastly, we have made meaningful changes to our South Ralphina site, transforming our go-to-market strategy away from tolling and towards contract manufacturing. With our focus on scaling, of tthey site's hot oil and reactor capabilities, we are already winning new specialty manufacturing business at a significantly improved margin. Our sales team has worked tirelessly to build out a vastly improved sales pipeline. And we expect a strong ramp-up in tthey coming quarters and years. We are continuously investing in our sales ecosystem and plan to enhance our team [indiscernible]. We expect to be aggressive and pursuing opportunities in tthey future through leveraging tthey scale of our footprint, diverse equipment base and superior service by our dedicated team to manufacture our customers’ complex ctheymistries. As tthey market continuous to realize we are dedicated our quality, service and safety. Our ctheymicals team is truly proving ttheyy are tthey ottheyr go-to solution provider in tthey specialty ctheymicals space. Our DanCtheym acquisition continues to exceed our expectations. We are driving growth through our increased capacity and have utilized tthey team's expertise to develop higtheyr value-added products. An improved product mix is going to be essential in driving our margins, through a normalized pricing environment. We continue to look for any and all opportunities to expand our overall capacity and have identified areas to upgrade our legacy equipment to operate in line with our automation efforts. With tthey success of DanCtheym, we remain committed to reviewing potential acquisition opportunities that would complement our existing operations in tthey Ctheymicals segment. We believe we have better vision for value creation through our platform, and we will continue to be opportunistic pursuing our M&A strategy. Ttheyre is still much work to be done. But with a strong foundation in place, we are excited for what tthey future holds for ctheymicals. Overall, in both segments, we are proud of tthey record results we experienced, while we enjoyed our accomplishments for tthey past quarter, we will remain active in executing our strategy to position ttheir company for long-term success. With our core operations solidifying every quarter, our company is poised to become tthey premier provider that we set out at tthey start of our transformation. I'd now like to turn it over to our CFO, Aaron Tam to walk through our first quarter financial results in more detail ttheyn I'll return to answer any questions you may have. Aaron, floor is yours. Aaron Tam Thank you Chris, and good afternoon everyone. Let's jump right into our first quarter financial results. Net sales increased significantly to $116.2 million, compared to $69.8 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was primarily attributable to continued strong demand and increased input prices, which drove favorable average selling prices. Also, it's important to note that our net sales included $7.5 million in DanCtheym sales that obviously weren't ttheyre in tthey prior year period. Gross profit increased significantly to $22.5 million, compared to $8.7 million in tthey first quarter of 2021, while gross margin increased 690 basis points to 19.4% from 12.5% in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement in both gross profit and gross margin was primarily attributable to tthey aforementioned strong pricing environment, partially offset by increased raw material and freight costs. Net income in tthey first quarter increased considerably to $10.3 million, or $0.99 diluted earnings per share compared to net income of $1.1 million, or $0.12 diluted earnings per share for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey increase was primarily driven by record revenue and gross profit results partially offset by increased SG&A spending from tthey hiring of additional sales and operational personnel in both segments. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter increased significantly to $17 million from $4.9 million in tthey year-ago quarter and adjusted EBITDA margin also improved 760 basis points to 14.6% from 7% in tthey year-ago quarter. For reference DanCtheym contributed $0.8 million in adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter of 2022. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of March 31, 2022 total debt was $71.1 million, compared to $70.4 million at December 31, 2021. As of March 31, 2022, we had $38.6 million of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility, compared to $39.4 million at December 31, 2021. As you can see we invested theyavily in our working capital to support our strong sales demand. Even with ttheyse investments, we were still right about cash flow neutral for tthey quarter. I'd expect free cash flow to accelerate over tthey balance of tthey year in event pricing normalizes to some extent. With that now, I'll turn it back over to tthey operator, Adrienne for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. We will now begin question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from David Stheyptheyrd [ph]. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst  How’s it going today? Chris Hutter Hey, David. Unidentified Analyst Hey, Chris. How’s it going today? Chris Hutter Good. How are you? Unidentified Analyst Nice quarter. Thanks. Good.  Chris Hutter Thank you.  Unidentified Analyst I noticed you moved your corporate offices to Chicago. So my question is tthey former corporate office in Richmond and also tthey manufacturing space ttheyre in Texas that Palmer facility and any ottheyr tthey extra footprint that you may have. Have you been able to sublease some of that to free up some of that expense? Chris Hutter  Yes. We've subleased a portion of our Texas facility and our Richmond lease expires ttheir year in a few months, so tthey obligation ttheyre terminates in a few months. And ttheyn we're working on -- ttheyre's a little bit of space left in our Texas tthey former Palmer operation that we're working on subleasing tthey balance of that. Unidentified Analyst Good. Okay. That new high frequency mill that was discussed last quarter in Munhall is that -- has that installation started yet? Chris Hutter Yes. We're in tthey process of mapping out in tthey facility wtheyre it's going as well as operating some of equipment that needs to go along with installing tthey new mill, but that is anticipated to be operational ttheir year.  Unidentified Analyst Got it. Okay. And ttheyn tthey automation tthey investments that you've been making in your facilities, what type of payback do you expect? Like a one-year payback, or is that something that's more long-term oriented? Chris Hutter Some of it is shorter-term and ttheyn some of it is longer-term. It depends on what we're installing or putting in place. Obviously, our preferred is tthey shortest possible payback as possible, but majority of it is two areas of focus. One is safety for our employees, taking out higtheyr risk, repetitive tasks that can be accomplittheyyd through automation which those -- some of those have a little bit longer payback. And tthey ottheyr is pure efficiency implementation of automation that has a shorter-term payback. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Tthey earn-out liability has -- that last one, is that dropping off theyre in tthey second quarter?  Chris Hutter Aaron, I believe so. Aaron Tam Yes, it is. We have just remaining -- ASTI is no longer obligated and all we have left are a couple of payments for Munhall. Both of ttheym will be booked in Q2, although tthey last one actually from a cash standpoint won't be paid until July. Unidentified Analyst Okay. All right. Anottheyr question. Recently tthey administration has said that tthey infrastructure package -- product that needs to be -- that's procured through that package needs to be American-made. So my question is, can you source enough raw material from tthey US to go into Ctheymicals and Metals to meet that demand? Chris Hutter Yes, it's a great question. From a supply chain, we're primarily procuring hot-rolled and cold-rolled stainless and we have sufficient North American supply base to handle tthey projects that we're looking at to be awarded from a production standpoint. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Has tthey internal control issues been rectified yet? Chris Hutter Aaron? Aaron Tam We have developed a detailed remediation plan with tthey theylp of EY, as well as our internal resources and been mapping out what's required to make sure that we remediate all of those internal control concerns. Ttheyy will be tested internally by tthey end of tthey second quarter and ttheyn we'll begin to work with our auditor BDO to test those ttheyreafter to make sure that ttheyy are fully tested and vetted by year-end. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Good. So it's well in hand ttheyn. Aaron Tam Correct. Unidentified Analyst One ottheyr -- two ottheyr questions. So regarding -- with tthey market turmoil recently, do you think some of tthey market turmoil can actually maybe soften up tthey pricing a little bit for some of your acquisition targets to make ttheym perhaps more attractive? Chris Hutter I think, potentially. I think tthey one thing it will definitely do is obviously with higtheyr interest rates going into certain buyer profiles that competed against us for deals in tthey past changes ttheyir economics and what ttheyy're willing to pay for on a multiple standpoint. But also, I think we're seeing some of tthey market participants from a competitive standpoint from a bid side, you're seeing some of ttheym fall out of tthey process. So, I mean anecdotally, I've seen a couple of transactions that are coming back to market because of failed processes. So, I think hopefully, tthey deal flow does accelerate. And I think Ben and I are very involved in active discussions with potential targets and it's significantly greater volume than it was two months ago. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Good. One last question. You did $44 million in EBITDA in 2021, $17 million adjusted EBITDA in first quarter and a market cap of $150 million. Do you think that -- what do you think it will take for ottheyrs to see tthey disconnect? Chris Hutter It's a great question. I wish I knew tthey answer. I complain about it to Ben all tthey time. Ben Rosenzweig Yes. I mean David -- ttheyre's no question that tthey stock is way too ctheyap. We're expecting to generate more cash over tthey course of tthey year as Aaron said. Right now, our LTM adjusted EBITDA is north of $56 million. So we're, I guess trading at enterprise value to LTM adjusted EBITDA of about four times. It's a pretty conservative leverage profile about 1.25 times. So, we're feeling really good about what we've done. We've done everything that we feel like we said we were going to do and hopefully more. And now it's on us, right? We can't just sit theyre and wait for people to recognize that. We're going to go out and spread tthey gospel. We feel like, we've been unfairly characterized as potentially maybe a metals company. Chris and I talk about ttheir all tthey time. We're a manufacturing company. We've got a great presence in specialty ctheymicals. We're providing value-add solutions on tthey pipe and tube side with commodity inputs that are very unique and a pricing and solution provider that has an amazing reputation. So, we feel like, ttheyre aren't maybe a ton of pure-play, type two or metals manufacturing peers that are out ttheyre, but we do feel tthey valuation is especially punitive and even more so potentially on tthey specialty ctheymicals side. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Well, I see you have a conference -- Sidoti conference Thursday I believe, so -- or Wednesday. So that's -- I suppose that will theylp get some transparency and get tthey word out ttheyre. Well, thank you, guys. Great quarter. Excellent quarter. Good talking with you. Chris Hutter Thanks David. Aaron Tam Thank you, David. Ben Rosenzweig Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] And currently we have no questions. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Mr. Hutter for closing remarks. Chris Hutter Thank you, Adrienne. We'd like to thank everyone for listening to today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our second quarter 2022 results. Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect. Speakers, please stand by for your post.