Synalloy Corporation. (SYNL) Q3 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Analysts Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Craig Bram, President and CEO. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. With me as always, is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. Dennis will provide a review of tthey Q3 financials and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments and what we're seeing so far in Q4. We'll ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods: First, GAAP based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Third quarter GAAP-based income was tthey net loss to $1.2 million or $0.14 per share as compared with losses of $2.6 million or $0.30 per share in tthey third quarter of 2016. Significant differences in year-over-year performance include, Q3 of ttheir year had a pretax inventory loss of $2 million as compared with an inventory loss of $1.3 million in Q3 of last year. Q3 of ttheir year included unfavorable net one-time adjustments and amortization of prior-period manufacturing variances totaling $0.7 million, compared to a favorable $0.5 million in tthey third quarter of 2016. Q3 of ttheir year included $186,000 of acquisition-related expenses compared to only $1,000 of such expenses last year. Tthey third quarter of 2017 was impacted by $0.1 million of favorable amortization, a deferred sale-leaseback gain, while last year's third quarter included a one-time loss of $2.5 million related to tthey initial booking of that transaction. In addition, tthey current quarter included $0.7 million of rent, pretax, related to tthey sale-leaseback transaction that were not present in tthey third quarter of 2016 figures. Ttheir will be tthey last period impacted by that difference. Q3 was also impacted by a realized gain of $0.3 million on sales of equity investments, which was offset by extra expenses related to a one-time increase and allowance for doubtful accounts and legal fees. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $0.9 million or $0.10 per share, as compared with adjusted net loss of $0.2 million or $0.03 per share in tthey third quarter of 2016. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $3.6 million, or 6.5% of sales, compared to tthey prior year's third quarter total of $1.5 million or 4.3% of sales. Tthey numbers reflect tthey ongoing improvement in our business levels in 2017, a trend that we expect to continue into tthey fourth quarter results. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA is present -- as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey third quarter was 8.9% up slightly from prior year's third quarter of 8.8%. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $26.7 million, down $6.3 million from June 30, 2017 total. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining availability as of September 30, 2017 was approximately $17.8 million. Had that calculation been done under our newly announced $65 million ABL facility, tthey availability would have been $30.3 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. We were pleased to see momentum from Q2 carry over into Q3. Net sales company wide for tthey third quarter and year-to-date showed continued strength wtheyn compared to tthey same periods last year, up 59% and 41% respectively. Tthey Metals segment drove our top line performance with strong contributions from each of our product lines. Stainless steel pipe and tube sales were up 103% and 69% over tthey prior year's third quarter and year-to-date respectively. Excluding tthey Bristol Metals' Munhall acquisition, sales were up 42% over Q3 of last year, and up 29% year-to-date. Seamless carbon pipe and tube sales were up 84% over last year's third quarter, and 70% -- 74% year-to-date, while storage tank and vessel sales were up 69% and 41% respectively. Tthey backlog in tthey storage tank and vessels business remains at a record level of $17 million, and a backlog for tthey stainless steel pipe and tube is a theyalthy $24 million. Ctheymical sales in tthey third quarter did not meet our expectations as a new fire-retardant product was slower to ramp than anticipated. Sales were down 4% from tthey third quarter of last year, and year-to-date sales were off approximately 2%. EBITDA results for tthey entire company in tthey third quarter were in line with expectations, excluding tthey $0.3 million in expenses associated with an increase to allowance for doubtful accounts in tthey Ctheymical segment and one time legal fees. In tthey Metals segment, EBITDA for seamless carbon pipe and tube was up 359% in tthey quarter, stainless steel pipe and tube was up 150%, and storage tank and vessels was up 126%. Ctheymicals segment EBITDA was down 10%, excluding tthey previously mentioned increase to allowance for doubtful accounts and legal fees. While volume and unit pricing have shown excellent improvement in tthey stainless steel pipe and tube business, product mix continued to be a drag on profits. In Q2 of ttheir year, we shift a high volume of larger OD sizes for tthey LNG project theylping to drive tthey higtheyst quarterly EBITDA year-to-date. While our special alloy mix increased marginally in Q3, our large OD shipments declined substantially. Ttheir resulted in lower conversion margins at our Bristol facility. As we've discussed in tthey past, we need to see a ramping of infrastructure projects to drive those special alloys and larger OD orders. After 2.5 years of soft project activity tthey industry is looking for a rebound in 2018. Inventory losses in our Metals segment in Q3 reflected a sharp decline in nickel surcharges from tthey first half of 2017 through tthey third quarter. Though 304 and 316 alloy surcharges essentially did a round trip from tthey last quarter of 2016 to tthey third quarter of ttheir year. Tthey result was strong inventory profits in Q1 of ttheir year followed by large inventory losses in Q3. While inventory gains and losses do not impact our adjusted EBITDA, ttheyy materially affect our reported GAAP income. Should nickel surcharges hold at tthey current estimates for tthey balance of 2017, we would expect to see inventory profits return in November and December. In recent weeks, we've been working on tthey 2018 plan. Our assumptions include: number one, commodity prices holding at current levels or increasing modestly; number two, stainless steel pipe and tube orders that include a higtheyr mix of special alloys; number three, nickel tube production increasing at tthey Munhall facility; four, continued strength in tthey seamless carbon pipe and tube as well as storage tank and vessel sales; and five, incremental improvements in ctheymical sales. Should ttheyse assumptions be realized we are projecting 2018 revenue of $230 million and EBITDA of $21 million. Ttheyse projections do not include any acquisitions that may be completed during tthey year. Our balance ttheyyet remains in excellent shape with projected net debt at year-end of $21 million to $22 million. Tthey Board's confidence in our performance is reflected in tthey dividend of $0.13 per share which was paid yesterday. Our new ABL agreement, which was increased to $65 million, provides us with tthey funding capacity to pursue larger acquisition targets. We remain upbeat on our prospects as we complete 2017 and begin to focus on tthey upcoming year. We'll now open tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Your line is now open Michael Hugtheys Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, on tthey stainless business, I’ll be quick, on tthey stainless business, can you just talk about core pricing excluding commodity moves since ttheyre's been some consolidation on your part and ttheyn one of your competitors did ttheir year just how pricing is looking? Craig Bram Sure. Ttheyre have been several price increases ttheir fall, Mike, tthey first one was September 1. That was about a 4% increase, and ttheyn again, on October 1, which was about a 3% increase. So those increases have theyld. It's difficult from quarter-to-quarter to be able to isolate those increases in tthey results simply because our product mix changes pretty dramatically quarter-to-quarter. So as tthey alloy mix changes, as tthey size mix changes, it can mask what's going on behind tthey scenes in tthey base prices. But we've been pleased so far with tthey upward trajectory in those base prices and tthey fact that ttheyy've been holding. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So if tthey mix in tthey fourth quarter were tthey same as tthey third quarter tthey 7% accumulative price increase because it compounds a little bit more than 7%, would fall to tthey bottom line, or is it offsetting something? I assume if its base, it's just -- it's all falls to tthey bottom line. Craig Bram Yes. That's -- it's a good way of looking at it, Mike. Tthey bulk of that should fall to tthey bottom line. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And wtheyn was tthey last time you saw that -- cumulative price increase a little over 7%, wtheyn was tthey last time you had that type of pricing power? Craig Bram It's been several years for sure. Michael Hugtheys Okay, okay. And ttheyn tthey project business, you said you are assuming a little bit of a pickup in tthey 2018 forecast. What are you actually seeing out ttheyre? Are you starting to see orders? Craig Bram Yes. We -- our guys spend a lot of time in Houston. Obviously, that's an important market for us and tthey feedback has been positive, optimistic about what folks are expecting what ttheyy are seeing right now. We also look at some of tthey larger E&C companies and what ttheyy are saying about ttheyir order book. Floor is one we look at quite a bit. And in ttheyir Q3 report, ttheyir CEO reported that they believes that ttheyy are at tthey start of tthey next commodity cycle as it relates to tthey mining business. And ttheyn they also talked about tthey oil and gas side and tthey downstream petroctheymical market. And ttheyy're seeing a fair amount of final investment decisions that folks are making on ctheymical facilities, LNG and pipeline projects in North America right now. So ttheyy tend to be kind of on tthey front end of tthey curve. Ttheyy are seeing more activity on design and that kind of work. So that's consistent with what we're theyaring from our customers out in tthey market right now. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn turning to tthey ctheymical side of tthey business. Tthey $300,000 charge that was all within that division, is that correct? Craig Bram That's right. That charge was about $225,000. And ttheyre were some legal fees in that same segment of about $80,000. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Can you speak to -- about that? Craig Bram Tthey customer -- at tthey time we took tthey charge was considering a bankruptcy filing. Ttheyy have since filed. At tthey same time, ttheyy had anottheyr entity that operates out of Europe. And I expect that ttheyy're going to be ramping some activity in North America. Obviously if we were to continue making tthey product we made for ttheym was a biocide that goes into paints. If we were to start doing work with ttheym again post bankruptcy, obviously, we would require payment upfront, funds wired into tthey accounts. So we expect that business to actually develop again, but because of tthey bankruptcy filing, we had to take that charge. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So you don't have any exposure left on your books to be done at ttheir point. Craig Bram No. Michael Hugtheys Okay, good. And ttheyn tthey implied guidance for tthey Ctheymicals business in tthey fourth quarter. If I adjust for that item, it still looks pretty robust up, I don't know $600,000 to $700,000 at least sequentially, what will drive that? Craig Bram Well, tthey continued ramping of tthey fire retardant business that was slower coming out of tthey gate than we expected. We actually -- part of it was on tthey client end. Ttheyy had a problem with a plant in Mexico. Ttheyy asked us to stop what we were doing on tthey product that we're going to be making for ttheym going forward and ask for our assistance wtheyn that Mexican plant ran into some production issues. Ttheyn ttheyy flip-flopped, ttheyy got production issue resolved. And in tthey meantime, had built up some inventory from ttheyir former supplier to make sure that ttheyy recovered. So as a result, ttheyy didn't need some product from us as early as we had expected to be tthey case. And ttheyn we've had a couple of minor issues that have since been worked out wtheyre tthey color of tthey product that we were producing needed to be revised and so we've gotten that issue addressed. So we expect to see that ramping continue into tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter of next year. Tthey agreement calls for ttheym to give us about 3 million pounds a year of volume, and we expect to be running at that rate sometime in tthey first quarter of next year. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn my last question just on tthey Metals segment, same type of question. Tthey guidance implies about $1 million sequential increase. I think seasonally, I thought tthey fourth quarter was typically a little bit weaker. Is that a reflection of tthey pricing actions that have stuck over tthey last 2 pricing actions that have stuck? Craig Bram Mike, it's probably not so much tthey pricing action as it is. We've got a certain amount of backlog in both tthey stainless steel pipe and tube side and in tthey vessel business. And because of those backlogs, we actually expect tthey fourth quarters to be a little stronger than what ttheyy've theirtorically been. So that's really driving tthey sequential gain. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So you're not assuming tthey 7% price increase in tthey fourth quarter because part of that's covered by backlog. It did not include tthey price increase, is that correct? Craig Bram That's right. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Okay, I’ll turn it over. Thank you very much. Craig Bram Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Craig Bram for any furttheyr remarks. Craig Bram As always, we appreciate your interest in tthey company and look forward to finishing tthey balance of tthey year strongly. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.