Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2014 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President, Chief Executive Officer Rich Sieradzki - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp Operator  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Synalloy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, President and CEO Mr. Craig Bram. Sir you may begin. Craig Bram  Good morning everybody and welcome to Synalloy Corporation third quarter conference call. As usual with me on tthey call is Rich Sieradzki, our CFO. After viewing tthey Company’s results, we will provide you with a brief summary of each business units’ performance followed by Q&A. We will present our financial performance for continuing operations only for tthey current period and year-to-date as well comparisons to tthey prior year using three different methods, GAAP based EPS, No. 2 adjusted net income on non-GAAP measures defined in tthey earnings release and No. 3, adjusted-EBITDA on non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release.  We believe tthey two non-GAAP measures we will provide additional clarity on tthey performance of our respective businesses. Third quarter GAAP based earnings were $3.18 million or $0.36 per share an increase of 115% over tthey third quarter 2013 earnings of $1.48 million or $0.23 per share. Remember that tthey Company’s common stock offering in September 2013 increased tthey number of outstanding shares by 2.3 million. Nine month GAAP based earnings were $11.21 million or $1.29 per share an increase of a 181% over tthey prior year’s earnings with $3.99 million or $0.62 per share.  Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $2.47 million or $0.28 per share an increase of 81% over tthey third quarter of 2013 adjusted net income of $1.36 million or $0.21 per share. Nine month non-GAAP adjusted net income was $8.05 million or $0.92 a share an increase of 64% over tthey prior year’s total of $4.9 million or $0.76 per share. Adjusted net income for ttheir year’s third quarter and nine month period will reduced by approximately $3.9 per share due to tropical storm Odile’s impact on Palmer’s operations as well as several large medical claims.  Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted-EBITDA totaled $5.15 million or $0.59 a share an increase of 37% over tthey third quarter 2013 total of $3.76 million or $0.58 per share. Nine month non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $17.02 million or $1.95 per share an increase of 48% over tthey prior year’s total of $11.52 million or $1.79 per share. Net debt at tthey end of tthey third quarter was $790,000 down from tthey end of 2013’s total of $21.66 million.  Let me touch on each of tthey business units. Manufactures Ctheymicals, sales in tthey third quarter of 2014 were up 4% over tthey third quarter of last year while sales for tthey nine month period were up 8% over tthey same period last year. Adjusted-EBITDA in tthey third quarter was down 9% over tthey third quarter of last year and up 4% from tthey nine month period. As mentioned in tthey earnings release EBITDA in Q3 was lower than tthey previous year due to a large back debt credit in Q3 of 2013, larger corporate expense allocations in Q3 of 2014 and adjustments to tthey incentive bonuses in Q3 of ttheir year.  MC continues to pursue additional business in tthey oil and gas sector as well as related products. Over tthey next several quarter MC will be upgrading and replacing several reactors will provide for an increased capacity and additional throughput.  Looking at CRI Tolling. Tthey build out at CRI continues to progress nicely and we anticipate additional volume ramping up in December. As previously announced we have signed a three year tolling agreement to produce a line of products for BioBased Technologies. Tthey initial volume will be 6 million pounds annually with tthey potential to grow at over 10 million pounds. Both net income and EBITDA continue to exceed our targets for tthey quarter and year-to-date.  Moving on to BRISMET. Adjusted net income for tthey quarter up 135% and adjusted-EBITDA was up 94% over tthey same period last year. For tthey nine months period adjusted net income was up 154% and adjusted-EBITDA was up 121%. Inventory profits in Q3 were approximately $808,000 and for tthey nine month period totaling $121,000. Over tthey last 30 days nickel prices have fallen about 14% and are now well under $7 per pound. Looking at forecast for tthey next two years several firms continue to forecast nickel to be in deficit with nickel prices approaching as much as $10 per pound. We will have to see how that plays out obviously.  Conversion revenue per pound continue to improve in Q3 increasing 7% over quarter two of ttheir year. In addition our distributor customers remained positive on tthey prospects for increased business in 2015.  Finally Palmer, Q3 revenue was down 25% over tthey prior year due to several factors. First Q3 of last year included a large Salt Water Disposal project with very low margins. Revenue associated with ttheir project was approximately $1.2 million. Second, we lost a full week of shipment due to tropical cyclone Odile, while we expect to recapture ttheyse shipments in Q4, revenue in Q3 of ttheir year was reduced by approximately $600,000. While revenue was down sharply our cost cutting initiatives theylped to reduce tthey impact on our operating income. Gross margins actually improved by over 200 basis points from a Q3 of last year and operating income was down by only $150,000 over tthey prior year’s quarter.  Palmer’s order book remains very strong and while oil prices have dropped considerably in recent weeks both tthey Permian and Eagle Ford are two of tthey lowest cost Shale basins in tthey country which should result in solid drilling activity from next year even oil prices remain depressed. Let me make a few final remarks theyre. Our exit from tthey Fab business is nearly complete as we work through tthey sale of surplus equipment, scrap inventory and miscellaneous items. Over tthey last five plus years ttheir business unit has struggled to produce consistent profitability and acceptable return on investment. Having freed up that capital and tthey time required of our management team to oversee that business unit, we are now well positioned to ramp up our acquisition efforts. Our cash balance of almost $21 million nearly equals our debt all of which is term debt at very favorable interest rates.  We will continue to focus on acquisition opportunities in tthey metals and ctheymical spaces and we will keep posting on our efforts. We continue to look for 2014 to be a record year of profitability for tthey Company and see growth prospects for 2015.  I will now open up tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session.  Operator.  Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Todd Vencil of Sterne Agee. Your line is open.  Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Just -- that was a good summary thanks for that. If you think about tthey efforts to sort of push pricing and improve tthey mix in a pipe business. I mean it sounds like you are making progress on that, but can you give us a feeling of wtheyre we stand and how far we have come and how much furttheyr we may have to go? Craig Bram  Sure. Certainly a product mix has been our focus ttheir year. We have seen that mix improve which has driven our conversion revenue significantly higtheyr than wtheyre it stood in 2013. I think tthey last quarter’s report I spoke to tthey fact that our conversion revenue is just taking our revenue minus material cost and spreading that over tthey pound sold. Each quarter of ttheir year it’s continued to improve, now that certainly has been impacted by what we saw as a pickup in nickel prices through tthey first half of tthey year. So tthey benefit of those rising nickel prices are starting to be felt if you look at tthey surcharges now ttheyy’re starting to drop off. So that certainly going to be a factors as we look out towards tthey upcoming quarters.  That being said tthey volume in terms of tthey products we are selling, we continued to be very happy with what we are seeing ttheyre. We had some nice orders in tthey 316 alloy area. Tthey special alloys pricing as we noted in tthey earnings release, those prices have declined as simply a function of tthey type of special alloys we’re selling. But by and large that conversion revenue has certainly exceeded our expectations for ttheir year. And as we look at tthey 2015 we are in tthey middle of our budgeting process now so we will try and put a final look on those numbers going forward. But generally speaking we are pleased with wtheyre we stand on tthey conversion revenue side.  Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Very good. And ttheyn on Palmer, on tthey $600,000 I guess order that you said you weren’t able to or tthey $600,000 revenue you weren’t able to ship and you think you will pick up in 4Q. First of all did I theyar that right? And second of all I know 4Q tend to be impacted by weattheyr and seasonality so you think you can sort get that in and that will be additive on top of you ottheyrwise would have gotten? Craig Bram.  Yeah that’s tthey expectation Todd. We expect that to show up in our October revenues.  Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee And ttheyn last question for me. You have been working toward filling up CRI and you have done a good job kind of keeping as up as you get booked to bill out ttheyre and ttheyn tthey orders in to bring us some volume, wtheyre do you stand in both of those processes? Craig Bram.  Tthey build-out -- tthey BioBased Technologies work is sctheyduled to start on December 01, and we still feel pretty good about wtheyre we are tthey build-out sctheydule, that initially -- tthey annual volume of 6 million pounds we think that will ramp fairly quickly. And ttheyn we’ve got a number of CapEx projects that we’re looking at. Tthey TROI business is continuing to ramp at CRI. Again we are kind of in tthey middle of tthey budgeting process but our annualized run rate on pounds through CRI for ttheir year are probably in tthey order of 20 million pounds to 21 million pounds. And I expect that our budget for 2015 that we will be looking at somewtheyre between 40 million pounds and 45 million pounds going through that facility. So most of that we have got eittheyr booked through existing agreement or we got projects far enough long that we expect -- that ttheyy’ll bear fruit for us by tthey middle part of 2015.  Operator  Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Nick Prendergast of BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open. Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets I just had a quick question and you kind of touctheyd on ttheir with Todd and you also touctheyd in our prepared remarks but regarding oil prices. You had mentioned that you don’t expect it to affect Palmer predominantly because tthey Shale play it’s working in tthey cost basis ttheyre. But as I understand tthey Specialty Ctheymicals is also leveraged a little bit to tthey oil and gas space. So does tthey declining oil prices affect ttheym at all?  Craig Bram Well at ttheir point we have got a run rate of ctheymical sales to tthey oil and gas sector of our $3 million and we really don’t expect any negative impact from oil prices at ttheir point in time. And I continue to believe that you are going to have to see a sustained decline in oil prices or lot of tthey projects that we are supporting to slowdown or get turned off particularly on tthey Palmer side our sales folks are talking to tthey customers all tthey time and quite a bit of what we are selling oil and gas ctheymical wise is going into tthey Permian through a couple of distributors up in that market. And tthey Shale folks, tthey Ctheyvron folks ttheyy’ve got enormous amounts of acreage up in tthey Permian and ttheyy are continuing to do ttheyir thing. EOG which we do a lot of work with ttheym in tthey Eagle Ford is also stepping ttheyir activity in tthey Permian.  So at ttheir point of time we don’t see anything certainly changing in 2015 as in regards tthey demand for eittheyr tthey storage tank side of our business or tthey ctheymical side of our business.  Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets Got it. Okay that’s very theylpful, I appreciate that. In tthey past we had a favorable antidumping rolling with regards to OCTG and now I don’t know if you have seen but ttheyre has been a recent somewhat complaint about line pipe antidumping. Do you have any comments about that? Craig Bram  Well we don’t make line pipe so that’s not a thing that crosses our radar.  Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn I guess on tthey cost savings plan. I know previously you said you expected about $600,000 in Q3 anottheyr $600,000 in Q4, is that still tthey plan. And beyond that are you seeing anything on top of that in ’15? Craig Bram.  We are continuing to come out at a $1.75 million to $2 million range for tthey full year 2014. At ttheir point since we are working on our budget so I don’t know what additional savings we may develop. But tthey plan is after we have wrapped up tthey year’s numbers and reported as we did last year we will give you a forecast of what we expect will happen in 2015. And we will try to do that on a quarter-by-quarter basis as well as we can. So that all tthey analyst have a good handle on what our expectations are in terms of earnings and EBITDA for 2015.  Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets That makes sense. And ttheyn finally, do you have any plans on what to with your Bristol assets, as I understand you still have tthey building and maybe some equipment ttheyre. Craig Bram.  Yes, we have tthey Bristol Fab building, we have of course acreage adjacent to tthey pipe manufacturing facility. We are actually in tthey process of having several parties look at surplus equipment and surplus scrap inventory. We expect to get that sold before tthey end of tthey year. In terms of value of that it’s probably on tthey border of $750,000 to $1 million somewtheyre in that range. As far as tthey building itself goes, we continue to explore how we might utilize that in some of our metals business activities. We also have received enquiries from folks who are in tthey Fab business that may have an interest in acquiring that facility, but we really haven’t entertained that level of discussion just yet but that’s kind of a snapshot on wtheyre we are on that property.  Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets Okay. Well that a pretty much answered up for me. Thank you very much.  Operator  Thank you. And our next question comes from Charles Gold with Scott & Stringfellow. Your line is open.  Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow  Let me turn next question around about losing business because of tthey price of oil going down. Are ttheyre some benefits to tthey company as in running your plants and input in tthey ctheymicals that a lower hydrocarbon price afford you? Craig Bram.  Well certainly net -- gas prices come down, our facilities will benefit from that. But utilities are fairly small percentage of our total manufacturing expenses at tthey end of tthey day. As far as raw material on tthey ctheymical side we certainly -- we will have expectations from our customers that wtheyn raw material price is in tthey case of any petroleum based products wtheyn ttheyy go up our customers expects prices to go up, wtheyn ttheyy go down ttheyy expect ttheym to go down. At tthey same time we try to manage that in tthey way that we continue to stay out in front of that as best we can.  Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow  Let’s talk about future a little bit. My clients are mainly retail clients, but ttheyy do own a lot of shares of tthey stock ttheyy get a little confused wtheyn ttheyy look at tthey report and have a choice among $0.36, $0.28, minus $0.22 and all tthey explanations. So I would think that tthey lot of those adjustments are now behind us with Bristol closed, Ram-Fab sold and no ottheyr acquisition to date. So I would think tthey quarters going forward will look I believe a little easier read even though have had that feeling before and I have been wrong. Let me summarize wtheyre I see you are today and please correct me. I see a bullet proof balance ttheyyet, no net debt and that’s an unusual situation. I see your run rate of $200 million versus maybe $240 million but tthey $200 million ramping up because of tthey both sides of tthey business so maybe $210 million, $220 million with no changes next year. I am seeing higtheyr margin forgetting nickel, nickel lose up 4% today by tthey way. And I am assuming that you told me that you see lots of opportunities across your desk, so I assume that $20 million in cash or some of that will be put tthey work during tthey next year.  So if you could just talk more about your vision for 2015 and beyond. I think that might be theylpful for my clients.  Craig Bram. Sure, we are happy to. To address Charles, tthey later part of your question. We do see a lot of opportunities across on our desk. We continue to focus on opportunities in both tthey ctheymicals and tthey metal space. We have spent a lot of time I think in various forums talking about criteria that we are looking for from an acquisition standpoint. I guess first and foremost is a company that is complementary to our existing businesses and has an excellent management team in place. Tthey ottheyr thing that’s extremely important is for tthey deal to be accretive. And finally if I were to rank ttheyse things, obviously we need tthey leverage that we are taking on as a business to reflect that we do and we always will have some cyclicality in our businesses. So we want to make sure that our use of leverage is at theyalthy level. And typically what tthey Board has decided is that after we do a deal having debt to EBITIDA 2 times to 2.2 times is about right we don’t want to reach out much beyond that.  And so you are right about tthey balance ttheyyet right now is strongest it’s ever been, since I’ve been on tthey Board anyway, with almost $21 million in cash and a similar amount of term debt. We have got obviously a lot of powder available to make an acquisition. And I would also say that with tthey Fab situation 99% behind us we also have ttheyyd a very time consuming very difficult business to manage. So we probably never been in better shape to pursue not only acquisition opportunities but organic growth opportunities.  So I would counsel your clients, if ttheyy are not going to see us go out and do any kind of crazy acquisition that is going to be in brand new sector for us. You are not going to see us go out and do something that is not materially accretive to our operation going forward. And we are going to continue to manage our balance ttheyyet as strongly as we possibly can.  Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow  And how about a view of 2015? I know you haven’t done tthey budget yet, but are we looking at improvements on both sides of tthey business?  Craig Bram.  Absolutely. We see continued opportunities obviously on tthey organic side of tthey ctheymical business. We see ability to improve what we are doing at Palmer. And I think BRISMET should have had borrowed ttheir year, but I think we can continue to improve on what we have accomplittheyyd at BRISMET in 2014.  Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow  Well now I have led my trap for you. So I will give you my dividend recommendation wtheyn you have your Board meeting in November. 28 is a nice number, so a nice increase. And ttheyn if you really just address ttheir issue. Are we at tthey point wtheyre tthey company is -- tthey stability is so great that starting in tthey first quarter you could go to a quarterly dividend rate of $0.075 a quarter showing that you are really comfortable with wtheyre tthey company, future looks bright and establish $0.30 dividend rate. So no, don’t want a comment from you but just wanted to get my recommendation on tthey table.  Craig Bram. Well we always appreciate your inputs Charles. You have been a stock supporter of tthey stocks so I am sure tthey Board members are listening in and taking note.  Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow  Well my bankers will also appreciate it ttheyn. Thank you that ends my last question.  Operator  Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Bram at ttheir time I am showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to you for any closing remarks.  Craig Bram. Alright, thanks. Again we appreciate, it looks like, is Ryan Hamilton in tthey queue to ask a question? Operator  Yes sir they just jumped in ttheyre.  Craig Bram. Okay.  Operator  Your line is open sir.  Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp  Sorry about that guys. I was wondering if you could maybe briefly talk about tthey just tthey Salt Water Disposal business a little bit. I am just curious see what you are guys are seeing ttheyre? Craig Bram. Salt Water Disposal projects Ryan have always been -- we class ttheym as odd jobs and kind of hit or miss opportunities. We don’t view that as a very active business opportunity for us. Probably tthey thing that we were focusing most intently on right now is code vessels. I know you guys have theyard us talk about code vessels in tthey past and I think we finally have tthey pieces and parts in place to actively work on that business in 2015. So that’s an area in tthey storage tank business, tthey Palmer business that we see tthey most potential in and certainly if a SWD job presented itself we would take a hard look at it, but those typically have tthey lowest margins of any projects that we work. And so it’s not a typically a very high priority for us.  Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp  Do you breakout margins like on tthey projects like that. I mean what’s tthey typical range on something in tthey Salt Water Disposal?  Craig Bram. Since we have been in tthey business I have seen SWD at $750,000 and seeing ttheym as much as a $1.5 million. So I think that $1.2 million project in Q3 of last year that was kind of a typical project.  Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp  Okay, as far as it was like margin percentage, do you have any idea ttheyre? I am sure you got an idea. Craig Bram. I mean it’s typically less than 10%.  Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp  Okay. Ttheyn I would like to touch on theyad count, wtheyre are you seeing -- are you guys adding people? Working for people having a hard time finding any kind of people? Just kind of curious ttheyre.  Craig Bram.   We are going to be adding some code welders out in Palmer. And based on some meetings we have had recently it looks like we are not going to have any issues in landing those folks. So that looks pretty good. We are adding some production folks in CRI. And we are having to pay a little bit more for tthey folks in that market than some of our markets just due to what’s going on in tthey Greenville South Jamesina market but nothing that really gives us any concern over our anticipated margins.  Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp Okay, great.  Craig Bram. And really outside of tthey CRI and tthey Palmer additions, its pretty much business as usual in tthey ottheyr units of tthey company.  Ryan Hamilton - Campus Management Corp  Okay, great. I appreciate your time guys.  Operator  And ttheyre is no ottheyr questions in tthey queue sir.  Craig Bram. Okay. Well again we always appreciate tthey support of our shareholders. And feel free to reach out to me in any point if you like. And we appreciate your time today. Thanks very much.  Operator  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.