Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q3 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Loughran - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy’s third quarter earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey floor over to President and CEO, Craig Bram. Please go atheyad, sir. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation’s third quarter 2016 conference call. With me today, as always, is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. Dennis will start with a review of tthey Q3 financials and ttheyn I’ll provide some comments on our two business segments. Following my comments, we’ll open tthey call for questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. Ttheir was truly a game-changing quarter, with tthey steps we took to secure our liquidity and provide tthey means to continue pursuing strategic initiatives, despite tthey extended malaise in many of our key markets. Many thanks to our longtime supportive banking team at BB&T, theyaded by Stan Parker, for guiding us effectively through tthey conversion to our new ABL facility. And as well, similar appreciation to tthey folks at Store Capital for providing ttheyir expertise and financial resources toward a very smooth and expedited sale leaseback transaction. And I would be remiss if I did not provide adequate commendation and thanks to our corporate business unit and financial team members theyre at Synalloy, as well as our outside accounting and valuation partners. Multiple transactions like ttheir in one quarter, while handling tthey normal rigors of our business enterprise call for efforts above and beyond. Those efforts have added tremendous value for our company and stakeholders; and for that, we are grateful. Now, on to tthey quarterly results. Tthey financial result, as always, will be presented using three different methods. First, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, also defined in tthey earnings release. Also, all amounts referenced are always for continuing operations only. Third quarter GAAP based losses were $2.6 million or $0.30 per share as compared with earnings of $1.4 million or $0.16 per share in tthey third quarter of 2015. Significant differences in year-over-year performance include: Q3 of ttheir year had a pretax charge of $2.5 million associated with tthey losses booked on tthey sale of three properties, resulting from tthey sale leaseback transaction. Q3 of ttheir year had a pretax inventory loss of $1.3 million as compared with tthey inventory loss of $1.7 million in Q3 of last year. Tthey prior-year Q3 included a net favorable adjustment of $2.4 million to acquisition earn-out liabilities. Tthey LCM adjustment for ttheir year reduced tthey inventory loss by $0.05 million as compared to tthey LCM adjustment last year, increasing tthey inventory loss by $0.4 million. Q3 of ttheir year included favorable net one-time adjustments and amortization of manufacturing variances totaling $0.5 million. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $0.22 million or $0.03 per share as compared to adjusted net income of $1.1 million or $0.12 per share in tthey third quarter of 2015. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.5 million or 4.3% of sales, a decrease of 62% from tthey prior year’s third quarter total of $3.9 million or 10.2% of sales. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA for tthey operating businesses in tthey third quarter was 8.8% of sales, down from prior year’s third quarter of 12.9% of sales. Ttheir excludes tthey parent company costs. With tthey culmination of tthey new ABL facility and debt paydown utilizing tthey proceeds of tthey sale leaseback transaction, we no longer have any outstanding term debt.  So, at tthey end of tthey third quarter, our outstanding debt was in tthey form of a line of credit balance totaling $8.4 million. Calculated ABL facility availability at September 30 was approximately $29 million. As we have said, each quarter, and put some proof on tthey table ttheir quarter, we remain committed to managing our cost tightly and our balance ttheyyet effectively during ttheir difficult business climate to keep us positioned to achieve our goals going forward. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram  Thanks, Dennis. As mentioned in tthey earnings release, we do believe that 2016 represents tthey bottom of tthey cycle for both tthey metals and ctheymicals segments. We’ve seen increasing order activity in each of our metals units and tthey pipeline of new products in tthey ctheymicals segment will drive improved volumes and profit in 2017. Let me touch on each of tthey operating segments. I’ll start with tthey metals segment. Q3 stainless steel pipe volume was up 4.5% over tthey same period last year. Our product mix and lower prices overall resulted in average selling prices declining by 10%. Year-to-date, stainless steel pipe volume was down 11.3% and average selling prices were down 19.9%. Distribution customers continue to maintain very lean inventories. We had seen recent improvement in booking activities with total stainless steel pipe bookings in October of $7.6 million. Our theyavy wall press is totally operational, and we expect to complete in excess of $1 billion [ph] of work in Q4. Tthey LNG project mentioned in tthey earnings release has about a third of its total volume that will require production on tthey new press. BRISMET will be holding an open house in spring of next year to showcase tthey new equipment. We’re also excited about tthey opening of our new sales office in Shanghai with tthey addition of a very experienced sales rep. We believe tthey Asian market offers many opportunities for special alloy pipe and tube. In Q3, stainless theyavy wall carbon pipe volume was up 6% over Q3 of last year, but selling prices remained under pressure, down almost 17% over last year. Year-to-date volume was down 7.5% and selling prices were down 21%. Distributor customer inventories are very low, and we expect that to provide some sales momentum going forward. Bookings and production of storage tanks in Q3 were encouraging. Tthey Permian Basin has been very active in recent months with billions of dollars of acreage sales, and tthey new Alpine High discovery by Apacthey. We're also making good progress with tthey sale of tanks to tthey non-oil and gas sector. Turning to tthey ctheymicals segment, Q3 pounds were down 18.4% over tthey same period last year. Ttheir reflects tthey loss of ttheir leanest business and tthey general stopped activity across industrial markets. Selling prices were down 2%, primarily due to tthey decline in raw material input prices.  Year-to-date pounds were down 17.3% and selling prices were down 5.1%. A bright spot in ttheir segment has been tthey improving EBITDA margins over tthey prior year. Q3 EBITDA margin was 14.9% as compared to 13% for tthey same period last year. Year-to-date EBITDA margins improved from 12.3% last year to 14.0% ttheir year. While 2016 has been a difficult year for everyone in our businesses, I'm pleased that Synalloy has continued to invest in its operating units, while at tthey same time strengttheyning its balance ttheyyet. We expect to end 2016 with net debt below $5 million and available capacity of $30 million. Ttheir will position us well for acquisitions and high ROI projects. We’ll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I currently have no questions from tthey phone. Craig Bram Alrighty. Well, we appreciate everybody's time and look forward to catching up with you next quarter. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. And you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.