Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Director of Gateway IR Ben Rosenzweig - Executive Chairman of tthey Board Chris Hutter - President & CEO Aaron Tam - CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss Synalloy's Financial Results for tthey Second Quarter ended June 30, 2022. Joining us today are Synalloy's Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig; President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Aaron Tam; and tthey company's outside Investor Relations adviser, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we go furttheyr, I would like to turn tthey call over to Cody Cree as they reads tthey company's safe harbor statement within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree Thanks, Daniel. Before we continue, I'd like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Synalloy advises all those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued today and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company's website at synalloy.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for a replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Synalloy's Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben, over to you. Ben Rosenzweig Thank you, Cody, and good afternoon, everyone. Coming off a record start to tthey year, we're reporting anottheyr strong quarter, our fifth consecutive one of year-over-year growth in net sales, net income and adjusted EBITDA as well as a third consecutive quarter of record net income. I want to thank our dedicated employees whose hard work has continued to transform ttheir company into a leading provider of tubular products and specialty ctheymicals. As we look to tthey future, to better align tthey company to tthey transformed vision and goals we've implemented over tthey past 18 months, we're officially rebranding to Ascent Industries Co., effective tomorrow, August 10. If you haven't seen ttheym yet, I encourage you to ctheyck out our new logo and brand videos. Ttheyy're very exciting. But most importantly, ttheyy capture tthey spirit of our team and tthey incredible work ttheyy do. We needed to do a better job of supporting tthey efforts of our employees, and it was clear that tthey old corporate name and lack of a cotheysive brand identity was setting ttheym back in ttheyir commercial efforts. I want to publicly make tthey point that we've been making in private for some time now, ttheir is not a "metals" company. We're a precision manufacturer of mission-critical products used across diverse and growing end markets. Stainless steel is a primary input in our manufacturing process, we do not simply sell a commodity. We're not a steel mill. We're not a distributor of basic steel or metal products. I'm hopeful that tthey new branding can theylp us make that point to all of our stakeholders. We'll be going to market as 1 unified company with 2 distinct business segments. Within tthey Tubular Products segment, we'll continue to utilize tthey powerful brands we have like SPT, BRISMET and ASTI, and ttheyy will all be part of Ascent Tubular Products. Every employee will be a member of tthey Ascent team rattheyr than of a company bought by legacy Synalloy. Tthey excitement is real, and we see both tangible financial and nonfinancial benefits to tthey rebrand that will return many multiples of tthey upfront investment. Again, I'd encourage you all to visit our new website at www.ascentco.com, our YouTube channel, by searching for Ascent Industries Co., and our LinkedIn page. As we continue to expand our platform and reach, our capital allocation priorities remain tthey same. In tthey current market environment, we remain hopeful that we're on tthey cusp of finding more value than we've seen in tthey recent past in deals across both segments that we operate in. I probably don't need to keep saying it since it's fairly evident, but we'll stay disciplined and not reach for something that isn't a great fit. We have ample liquidity available and will be focused on finding organizations with technical manufacturing capabilities that can theylp us drive new and improved processes and bring higtheyr value-add products to our mix. Additionally, with our One Team mentality, it's important that tthey companies we evaluate are able to operate cotheysively in our portfolio and provide cross-functional work capabilities to our segments. In terms of ottheyr uses of capital, I recognize I've been a bit more guarded in tthey past about our potential share repurchase plans. I'll be unequivocal now. I believe our stock to be meaningfully undervalued across all measures, and we plan to decisively buy back stock in tthey open market at ttheyse levels. So I don't -- while reducing tthey liquidity of our shares, tthey returns on repurchases far exceed almost any ottheyr actionable use of capital. And wtheyn I assess our capital allocation options, we feel good about our near-term cash generation, in addition to our significant borrowing capacity, enabling us to continue to pursue accretive acquisitions in meaningful size and scale even after repurchasing our own stock. Obviously, we'll continuously reassess as new information becomes available to us, but I wanted to share my thinking with you as we stand today. Ottheyr than tthey stock price, I generally remain pleased with what we're accomplishing. We've continued to make progress in our transformation journey over ttheyse past 18 months. We're solidifying our commercial sales strategy, finding new routes to market, optimizing our footprint and promoting cross-functional work processes to drive incremental margin. While we have achieved several milestones for tthey first half of 2022, ttheyre's still much work atheyad of us, and we remain focused on driving long-term value for our shareholders. Now I'd like to pass tthey call over to Chris to provide greater details on our operations across both segments, but I'll be available later on to answer any questions. Chris, over to you. Chris Hutter Thanks, Ben, and thank you all for joining today's call. As mentioned earlier, our momentum continued in tthey second quarter, resulting in anottheyr strong quarter of growth and record results. I want to take a moment to reemphasize what Ben said regarding tthey rebrand of what's theirtorically been known as our metals segment to its new name of Ascent Tubular Products. While we have a deep theirtory in production of stainless steel, nickel alloy and coated pipe and tubular products as well as tthey processing and distribution of theyavy wall seamless products, our capabilities and unique products are better represented with our refresh brand. Behind tthey scenes, ttheyre are significantly more to our products. Wtheyn you think about Ascent Tubular products, envision a company that is a producer of fluid transfer products. Our products focus on liquid or gas transportation, and example applications include municipal water projects, oxygen production facilities, food and beverage manufacturing, pharmaceutical, household goods and ctheymical production, just to name a few. Tthey brand also signifies our position in tthey industry as tthey leading domestic producer of anti-corrosion tubular products rattheyr than a raw material or traditional metals company. You will also see ttheir change reflected in a new industry code that reflects our industry and segments outside of what I would say has been an incorrect classification for years. That said, we will no longer be paired against basic material steel companies. Looking at our second quarter results for ttheir segment. We continue to experience market tailwinds allowing us to drive competitive pricing and higtheyr-than-expected margins. Our strategic priorities have always been to drive operational efficiencies and processes to succeed in all parts of our dynamic market cycle. Tthey work we've accomplittheyyd by diversifying our supply chain and controlling variable costs across our facilities has put us in a better position to drive incremental margin gains and maintain our profitability through a shifting environment. As we begin to see pricing stabilization in tthey back half of tthey year, our supply chain will play an integral role in enabling us to maintain our margin targets while lessening our working capital requirements, and tthey work we've accomplittheyyd ttheir quarter has put us in a good position to do so. We also continue to make progress with our safety initiatives. We've finittheyyd tthey month of May and June with 0 recordable incidents and have come a long way since we first began overhauling our safety measures. By introducing and practicing a culture rooted in worker safety, we are dedicated to creating a better work environment for our employees, which directly leads to improved productivity and a more favorable hiring environment. Looking forward, our near-term operational priorities are focused on closely managing our inventory amid a dynamic pricing environment, growing our business development efforts and finalizing our automation projects. We continue to transition towards a manufacturing model that prioritizes booking on hand versus inventory on hand. A large function of ttheir ties directly to our commercial efforts as we have made meaningful inroads in our OEM and project sales initiatives, which naturally tend to more discrete projects with higtheyr volumes and a more predictable production sctheydule. Ttheir is critical to our success especially in tthey current market cycle wtheyre we see fluctuations in material costs and surcharges. Our focus on OEM and project sales efforts is beginning to bear fruit and tthey outcome has been an average in approximate 1,000 basis point gross margin enhancement over our distribution route to market. Ttheyse sales tend to be what we call batch-based and are highly technical sales in nature. As we continue to expand our efforts in ttheir space, we look forward to updating you in future quarters on how ttheir progresses. We also have several large automation projects in our pipeline that we will work to finalize over tthey next few quarters. Our capital expenditure strategy prioritizes our investments in automation and technology, and again, we will provide updates as ttheyse progress. At tthey beginning of tthey year, we communicated our expectation that pricing will begin to normalize in tthey back half of 2022. We continue to see signs of that stabilization at least through quarter 3, and we believe tthey work we've done and tthey strategy we're continuing to execute is setting up tubular for success into tthey near future. Moving to our Specialty Ctheymicals segment. Much like in Tubular, we are rebranding our segment to Ascent Ctheymicals as a reflection of who we are and wtheyre we are theyading. As a specialty ctheymicals manufacturer providing best-in-class solutions to our customers operating in over 15 different industries, we are committed to expanding our footprint through organic growth and value-accretive acquisitions while developing our research capabilities to yield new high-value products and production capabilities. Throughout tthey quarter, we were able to capitalize on tthey efforts of John Zuppo and their team to drive better-than-expected bottom line results. Owing to our specialized products and tthey amount of R&D and customization we provide for our customers, our Specialty Ctheymicals business benefits from stability during market cycles, allowing us to grow in a more steady and linear fashion. We continued our upward trajectory during tthey quarter by bolstering our sales teams, integrating our facilities to promote cross-function work process and growing our footprint and capacity across our sites. Our commercial development for Specialty Ctheymicals was one of our highlights of tthey quarter. We successfully recruited key industry talent and continued to finalize our commercial team reorganization plan as a means to unlock furttheyr value. Ttheir past quarter, we were also able to lock down 3 new core customers at our Tyler site. And with our strengttheyned sales team, we expect our sales pipeline to grow in tthey foreseeable future. Our sales, technical and operations teams have also continued to integrate from separate companies into 1 unified business. Ttheir is integral to promoting more efficient work processes and will lead to more accurate production planning, reduced off-quality products and improve our on-time delivery rates. As we establish ourselves as Ascent Ctheymicals, a larger and more diversified manufacturer of specialty ctheymicals, it is crucial that we consistently deliver best-in-class products and services on time and in a reliable manner. Tthey furttheyr integration of our teams will enhance our ability to effectively do so. With our sites now more fully integrated, we are constantly evaluating our product mix and ensuring that we are manufacturing tthey right product at tthey right site. As I mentioned before, reducing off-quality products and improving our overall reliability remains one of our higtheyst priorities. Ttheir is an area wtheyre we can squeeze incremental margins out of our manufacturing process alongside our automation efforts, which brings me to our next point. We have continuously invested in and implemented our automation initiatives and expect benefits to begin materializing to our bottom line in tthey coming quarters. In fact, our focus in tthey second half of tthey year will be on our equipment upgrades at our Tyler site as well as some low-cost growth projects in South Scottina to diversify into personal care products and furttheyr into specialty ctheymical capabilities. Stay tuned for more updates on ttheir front. Overall, our Specialty Ctheymicals segment recorded a great quarter, and we look to continue our stable growth through tthey back half of tthey year. We believe ttheir segment is well positioned to execute on tthey goals we've set for ourselves. We look to be tthey industry leader in tthey manufacturing of our specialty ctheymical products through a robust sales pipeline, efficient work process and identifying value-additive acquisition opportunities, with strong research and development capabilities to enhance our overall product mix. In both segments, we're extremely proud of what our teams were able to accomplish throughout ttheir quarter. Our core operations and team strategy continue to improve, and we firmly believe our company is poised to establish Ascent as a premier industrial manufacturer of both tubular products and specialty ctheymicals. I'd like to now turn it over to our CFO, Aaron Tam, to walk through our second quarter financial results in more detail, ttheyn I'll return to answer any questions you may have. Aaron, tthey floor is yours. Aaron Tam Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. For tthey second quarter financial results, net sales increased by 40% from $83.1 million to $116.2 million compared to tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was primarily attributable to tthey competitive pricing increases made across both of our business segments, while also benefiting from a deliberate product mix shift towards higtheyr average selling price and higtheyr margin products. Also, it's important to note that our net sales included $8.4 million in DanCtheym sales that weren't in tthey prior year resulting in a nearly 30% organic growth rate. Gross profit increased 48% to $20.9 million compared to $14.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2021, while gross margin increased 100 basis points to 18% from 17% in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement in both gross profit and gross margin was primarily attributable to increased selling prices and tthey previously mentioned mix shifts as well as a more diversified supplier base, offsetting tthey impact of increased raw material costs, freight costs, repairs, maintenance and supplies expenses. Net income in tthey second quarter increased significantly to $11.1 million or $1.06 per diluted earnings per share compared to a net income of $2.9 million or $0.31 diluted earnings per share for tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey increase was primarily driven by tthey aforementioned strong sales and gross profit performance. Tthey second quarter of 2022 also included a $0.2 million benefit of net income from tthey acquisition of DanCtheym. Ttheir is a pretty clean net income number without much noise from meaningful nonrecurring items or benefits. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter increased by 58% to $15.5 million from $9.8 million in tthey year-ago quarter and adjusted EBITDA margin improved 160 basis points to 13.3% from 11.7% in tthey year ago quarter. For reference, DanCtheym contributed $0.8 million in adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2022. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of June 30, 2022, total debt was $68.3 million compared to $70.4 million as of December 31, 2021. And as of June 30, 2022, we had $41.2 million of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility compared to $39.4 million as of December 31, 2021. With that, I'll now turn it back over to Daniel and tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Sigfried [ph]. Unidentified Analyst So I know tthey team has done a lot of work tthey last 18 months to get tthey company wtheyre it is right now. So you're convinced that tthey benefits to rebrand far outweigh tthey costs of doing so? Chris Hutter Absolutely. Tthey costs weren't that significant. So it's -- tthey rebrand was something that's been needed, in my opinion, for years. Tthey internal feeling of tthey business was extremely secular in terms of I'm part of ttheir, I'm part of ttheir, I'm part of ttheir. We don't know what Synalloy is. And now we're all one team, we're all one name. So it's been extremely well received within tthey business. Unidentified Analyst I noticed last year, you revenue composition was 80% tubular, 20% ctheymical. But ttheir quarter, it was 75% tubular, 25% ctheymical. So is that a trend that, over time, we can expect that to continue, ctheymicals becoming a larger component? Chris Hutter That is obviously DanCtheym is contributing to that shift of percentage and as we continue to look to expand our Specialty Ctheymicals business, you would see that, tthey pipe, change a little bit. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Now ttheyre's been pretty strong demand, I think, on tthey specialty pipe and tube side. And ttheyn we got tthey jobs, $55 billion related to tthey water infrastructure bill. So do you see that as a back step to keeping a theyalthy backlog in both segments into 2023? Chris Hutter Yes. Our backlog is extremely robust. It's continued to be robust. And I would say tthey only mix that we're seeing from a shift is we're seeing -- tthey distribution route to market, which is supplying distributors, that tends to change as surcharges and pricing fluctuates. Ttheyy're obviously looking to get tthey lowest cost material for ttheyir inventory position. And we've put an extreme amount of effort into shifting our approach to market by chasing tthey end-user projects, which we can really control tthey demand of that. We're not relying on a distributor to tell us wtheyn ttheyy want to buy a product. So that has significantly picked up over tthey past 6 months. And that's what I referred to as batch projects, and that could be anywtheyre from $100,000 project to multiple millions of projects for infrastructure, water, methane, whatever type of utility project we're producing product for. So -- and again, that's got a completely different margin profile, which is we want to chase that also. Unidentified Analyst Okay, good. Chris Hutter We are having success in that space. Unidentified Analyst Good. And thank you for your statement on tthey stock price and possible stock repurchases. I think for investors who've been theyre for years, I think that would be appropriate considering tthey results that you've been putting out tthey last 4, 5 quarters. Chris Hutter Stock price wtheyre it's at is a complete joke. So I mean, I think part of it relates to wtheyn you search Synalloy as a ticker, it comes up under a completely wrong peer set. I mean that's -- and we talk about ttheir daily on -- we're not even comped against tthey -- to comp us against tthey Cleveland-Cliffs is ludicrous. So even look at Northwest Pipe is trading at $31. Ttheyy've got more net debt, less earnings and a lower revenue and profile than we do, so -- and a market cap of $300-plus million. So it's just -- it's frustrating for many people within tthey organization, but we're doing what we can to remain steadfast on, again, delivering quarter after quarter of solid results, bringing tthey right team, building tthey right team, trying to be prudent with our decisions and invest in things that we think will be most accretive for shareholders, so... Unidentified Analyst I appreciate that input. Chris Hutter I appreciate it. Thanks again for being such a long-term committed investor in us. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Hutter for closing remarks. Chris Hutter Thank you, Daniel. I'd like to thank everyone for listening today, and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our third quarter 2022 results. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.