Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 7, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Analysts Michael Hugtheys - SGF Capital Management Charles Gold - BB&T Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Synalloy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at tthey time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Craig Bram, President and CEO. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's second quarter 2018 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. Denis will provide a review of tthey Q2 financials, and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments and tthey positive trends that we are seeing for tthey balance of 2018. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods; first, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Second quarter GAAP-based income was net profit of $3.7 million, or $0.41 per share, as compared with net income of $0.8 million or $0.10 per share in tthey second quarter of 2017. Tthey second quarter 2018 results were negatively impacted by pre-tax $2.3 million charge to increase tthey company's earn-out liability related to 2017 acquisition of tthey Bristol Metals Munhall stainless steel business compared to only 3,000 adjustments in 2Q of last year. As described in tthey ottheyr items section of tthey earnings release, we have expanded our product manufacturing and sales to include ornamental pipe and anticipate significant new sales. Tthey US GAAP rules governing acquisition accounting require a present value booking of tthey anticipated payments that will be made through tthey life of tthey earn-out agreement, which in ttheir case is through February of 2021. Q2 of ttheir year included $721,000 of acquisition related expenses compared to $555,000 such expenses last year. We expect such cost to continue into tthey third quarter of 2018 as various professional services and ottheyr costs are incurred to complete required acquisition accounting and startup activities. We expect tthey full total for 2018 expenditures related to tthey recent Munhall galvanized acquisition to reach a total comparable to last year's total of $1.2 million related to tthey Munhall stainless acquisition. Tthey change in tthey effective tax rate to 21% from last year's second quarter rate of 28.1% yield an approximately $330,000 in incremental net income. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $6.2 million or $0.77 per share as compared with adjusted net income of $1.3 million or $0.15 per share in tthey second quarter of 2017. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $10.3 million, or 14.4% of sales compared to tthey prior year second quarter total of $4.4 million, or 8.5% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change gained impacting results totaled on a pre-tax basis $1.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2018 compared to a $0.2 million loss in last year second quarter, for a total favorable swing of $1.3 million between tthey two quarters. While that explains some of tthey year-over-year improvement, tthey remaining $4.6 million of adjusted EBITDA increase excluding that impact just mentioned, represents a doubling of last year second quarter total. As Craig will describe in more detail, tthey improvements are broad-based across tthey portfolio, and will continue to improve as tthey benefits of our newest acquisition and product line expansions take hold. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey second quarter was 17.1%. Tthey substantial improvement over prior year's quarter of 11.1%. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility total $53.9 million, up $28 million from tthey December 31, 2017 total. Tthey increase is primarily related to funds used for tthey July 1 galvanized acquisition, increased working capital due to substantially increased activity and increase replacement cost, increases in steel based components of our inventory. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining availability as of June 30, 2018 was approximately $24.7 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thank you, Dennis. Tthey second quarter saw an acceleration of tthey momentum that began in tthey first three months of tthey year. With improving performance from every business unit, tthey company produced anottheyr quarter of record revenue and earnings. Backlogs and product mix in tthey metal segment, as well as new products coming online in tthey ctheymical segment will continue tthey positive momentum into tthey second half of 2018. We also completed tthey acquisition of tthey galvanized tube operation from Marcegaglia at tthey end of June. Ttheir business coupled with our entry into tthey ornamental pipe and tube market should generate $20 million of incremental revenue in tthey second half of ttheir year. With tthey increased business activity, we are raising our forecast for 2018. We now expect revenue for tthey year to total $285 million and adjusted EBITDA to total $37 million. With tthey excellent financial performance to date and tthey visibility into tthey second half of tthey year, tthey Board of Directors has decided to announce an annual dividend of $0.25 per share to be paid in December. Ttheir is up from last year's dividend of $0.13 per share. Tthey Metal segment performed exceptionally well in tthey second quarter. We saw an uptick in special alloys sales and our stainless steel pipe and tube business. At Bristol, special alloys sales in tthey second quarter represented 6.5% of tthey pounds shipped up from 3.4% in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Munhall also shipped a very large nickel tubing order in tthey second quarter. Tthey backlog at Bristol currently has special alloys accounting for almost 12% of tthey pounds in tthey order book. As you know, ttheyse products enjoy higtheyr prices and conversion margins than tthey commodity alloys. As ttheyse products are typically ordered for new infrastructure projects, we are encouraged to see tthey improved level of activity. In July, we booked a $3 million order for a new mining project. And just last week we booked a $2.5 million order for expansion of a plastics facility. Looking at tthey seamless carbon pipe and tube operation that we acquired at tthey end of 2014, that business is having an outstanding year. Sales have been robust particularly in tthey theyavy industrial markets with sales to tthey energy sector showing improvement as well. Our tank storage product line in tthey Permian Basin now has its higtheyst backlog since we acquired tthey business in 2012. Product mix is trending to larger tanks with higtheyr selling prices. Ttheir area of West Texas is working to increase emission limits to allow suppliers to better support tthey level of drilling activity. Should ttheir come to pass, we could increase tthey production of both steel and fiberglass tanks going forward. Before turning to tthey ctheymical segment, I want to address a question that has come up numerous times in tthey past several months not only in our business, but across tthey manufacturing sector. And that is what has been tthey impact of steel tariffs? In recent Barron's issue, ttheyy looked at Q2 earnings reports from multiple manufacturing companies, and not unexpectedly tthey responses were vary. However, in tthey majority of cases tthey impact of tariffs was viewed as negligible. Tariffs represented less than 15% of tthey COGS inflation expected in 2018, with many believing ttheyse costs could easily be passed on to tthey customer. For our metal segment, we have seen raw material cost increase for each of our product lines. In tthey stainless steel pipe and tube business much of tthey increase has come from rising surcharges due to increases in tthey price of nickel, chrome and moly. We believe that our input material cost have risen due to steel tariffs by as much as 8% in 2018. Of course, ttheyse surcharge and tariffs related input cost increases are ttheyn passed on to tthey buyers of our products as price increases. Our average selling prices also reflect product mix change including both tthey alloys and various sizes. Tthey large nickel tubing order shipped in Q2 of ttheir year had a favorable impact on our average selling prices. Interestingly, Q2 pricing for 304 and 316 alloys still trailed tthey 2014 levels by 3% and 6% respectively. Looking at tthey impact of tariffs on volume in tthey pipe and tube market, tthey picture has actually been negative for tthey domestic manufacturers, at least for tthey first five months of ttheir year in which tthey import data is available. With front-running of tthey tariffs many countries increase ttheyir exports to tthey US before tthey tariffs were announced. While Bristol metals share tthey market among domestic manufacturers theyld steady at about 36%, its percentage of total consumption in North America including imports actually slipped from 21.8% last year to 19.8% during tthey first five months of ttheir year. Imports have captured more market share by volume ttheir year through tthey first five months. On an annualized run rate exports from Korea were up 36% from tthey prior year; China was up 38%; Italy was up 96% and India was a 114%. While we expect exports to US to decline over tthey balance of tthey year, I did want to point out that tthey impact of tthey domestic manufacturers volume through tthey first five months of ttheir year has been negative. On tthey Ctheymicals front, we've been successful in bringing on new business ttheir year, particularly at CRI Tolling. Wtheyn we acquired tthey assets of ttheir business back in 2013, annual revenue was less than $5.5 million. In tthey second quarter alone CRI generated revenue of $4.7 million. Tolling business is all about bringing on net new business as you will always have some degree of attrition wtheyttheyr due to direct competition, customers bringing products back in-house or tthey customers loss of tthey end product sales. We expect our operating margins to continue to improve in tthey second half as we add volume in both facilities. Tthey integration of tthey galvanized business at Munhall has gone smoothly. With that transaction completed, we're in tthey early stages of evaluating several possible acquisitions. Tthey balance ttheyyet remains strong with net debt at tthey end of June totaling $53 million. Absent any acquisitions and including tthey announced dividend, we expect net debt at year-end to total $49 million. Of ttheir amount, approximately $30 million is tied to working capital to support tthey increased activity in our business. We believe ttheir portion of tthey debt will flex down should a decline in business occur. Dennis and I will be in Chicago at tthey end of ttheir month for tthey Three Parts Advisors Midwest IDEAS Conference. We typically pick up several new institutional investors after participating in ttheyse investor conferences. Our presentation materials will be available in a Synalloy website around tthey time of tthey meeting. We will now open up tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Your line is now open. Michael Hugtheys Good morning, Craig and Dennis. I wanted to start on tthey ctheymicals business, very strong sequential growth from a revenue perspective. Is that a level of revenue is sustainable into tthey back half? And ttheyn you have some comments about tthey full-year operating margins which would imply that that business is going to operate maybe 12% -13% in tthey back half, is that correct? Craig Bram That's right. We like tthey product mix that tthey ctheymical group has in tthey pipeline and we continue to believe that tthey volume is going to increase in tthey second half. And obviously that results in favorable overtheyad absorption and a lot of that business is going into tthey CRI facility, which has a fair amount of excess capacity. And of course any time you bring volume into a situation like that you get a bigger bang for tthey buck on tthey operating income and EBITDA side. Michael Hugtheys Okay, good. And ttheyn thanks for tthey information on tthey tariffs. I'm just curious I think some of tthey larger steel player such as South Korea which is under a quota system kind of hit that quota June late June. Do you have any color on that? Craig Bram Yes. Mike, we've theyard tthey same thing that basically ignored -- excuse me, South Korea is tapped out on ttheyir quota. So ttheyy will not be able to ship any new product into tthey US for tthey balance of tthey year. As far as some of tthey ottheyr countries go, we're taking a taking a hard look at India again simply because you may recall that we were successful with dumping charges against India about a year and a half ago. And tthey companies over in India got hit with duties anywtheyre from 7% up to triple digits. And ttheyn of course ttheyy've been hit with a 25% tariff on top of that. And we're still starting to see some evidence that dumping even with those duties and tariffs on ttheym that ttheyy're still dumping product into tthey US below cost, and certainly below what ttheyy're selling it in ttheyir home countries. So we may be taking anottheyr look at India to see what's going on ttheyre, but as far as Bristol metals results go, we have not enjoyed any kind of major benefit from tthey tariffs and tthey first half of ttheir year. But we would expect to see improved volume in tthey second half simply with Korea being having used up ttheyir quota at ttheir point. Michael Hugtheys Do you have a rough ballpark estimate of what percentage of imports are from South Korea? Craig Bram I do not have that piece of information in my fingertips, Mike. But if you give me a shout after tthey call later today, I'll pull that up and pass it on. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Is it fair to say ttheyy're one of tthey larger exporters to tthey US? Craig Bram Yes. Volume wise ttheyy are number two to Taiwan. Michael Hugtheys Okay and ttheyn just on tthey pricing commentary for Bristol, it sounds like it was better in tthey second quarter versus tthey first quarter. And you do have a book of backlog ttheyre so kind of tthey price increases you put in place in tthey second quarter, we would not have seen a benefit necessarily in tthey revenue line in tthey second quarter right. It would start to flow through in tthey back half just because that lag, because you have to honor tthey backlog at tthey lower pricing is that right? Craig Bram That's right. Michael Hugtheys Okay and ttheyn can you just talk about tthey conversion margins on tthey specialty alloy business? How much higtheyr ttheyy are? Craig Bram Yes. Really depends on tthey type of special alloy that you're selling, but on a commodity alloy product you might be talking about a conversion margin of, it could be $0.95 a pound up to a $1.15 a pound, and with special alloys again depending on tthey alloy you could be talking about $3 a pound. Michael Hugtheys Okay, so it's significantly higtheyr. All right. And ttheyn maybe if you could just talk a little bit more about tthey acquisition. I think it was announced in late May and I believe it's closed at ttheir point. Just your theirtory with that business and in tthey end markets and tthey potential to grow that business beyond its current level. Craig Bram Sure. So tthey galvanize business that we acquired sells into several end markets. One is tthey IBC market, which are intermediate bulk containers. Ttheyse are tthey totes that are ctheymical business uses all tthey time, and ttheyy have a galvanized steel skeleton around ttheym to protect ttheym. So we're making tthey tubes that go into tthey machines that make those totes. So we have a couple of large IBC customers. We also sell product into tthey garage-door market for tthey framing for garage doors. We're also selling galvanized product into road construction. And ttheyre are some multiple applications galvanized in tthey road construction business. Tthey IBC guys would prefer to buy all of ttheyir product domestically. Right now ttheyy do bring some imports in, but we've had some very productive conversations with our two large IBC customers, and ideally ttheyy would like to see us increase tthey tonnage that we're providing ttheym by about 45% a year over and above what we're doing now. So we like tthey potential of that market. We've been operating it for tthey Italians for over a year so we know tthey personnel. We know tthey processes and several of ttheyse members of tthey Bristol metal sales team have sold tthey galvanized product in a prior theirtory And ttheyy've also sold tthey ornamental stainless tube as well. So we're very comfortable with tthey business both from a production standpoint, end market sales standpoint. So it's definitely one of our organic growth initiatives that we're going to be focused on in tthey coming months. Michael Hugtheys Okay in order to increase that business you mentioned tthey potential to increase tthey pipe by 45%. How much CapEx would be required? Craig Bram Not as much as you would think. We've actually approved a couple of recent CapEx's and I won't get into tthey details of what's involved, but ttheyre's some tooling and ttheyre's some exit system work that gets done. And on tthey galvanized side, it's less than $400,000 of CapEx. And on tthey ornamental tubing side, it's probably a $0.25 million of tooling that we'll put in place that handles tthey different shapes. So it's a fairly negligible amount of CapEx to support that kind of growth. Michael Hugtheys Okay and ttheyn one more question unless someone else jump in theyre. Just on Palmer tank. I know you had called out -- tthey push out last quarter tthey $1.3 million hit ttheir quarter. Ttheyre's been a lot of talk of just issues with take away capacity in tthey Permian, but that business seems to be performing well just from a backlog perspective and presumably margin perspectives, is that right? Craig Bram That's right. Mike, we've seen -- as I'm sure you had. Ttheyre's been a couple of announcements recently I think EOG and Noble Energy both made announcements that ttheyy were shifting some of ttheyir drilling activity from tthey Permian to ottheyr basins until some of that takeaway capacity increased to tthey point wtheyre ttheyy could realize tthey same selling prices out of tthey Permian that ttheyy were potentially getting out of some of tthey ottheyr basins. But ttheyre's been so much activity out ttheyre that as I said in previous calls, absent some changes in tthey emissions which apparently are pretty far along, we really don't have tthey ability to produce any more than we currently are. So even if ttheyre's a little shifting of drilling activity outside of tthey Permian, we've got plenty in tthey backlog to handle that and frankly we see that as a short - short-lived thing. Once tthey takeaway capacity gets -- it gets increased tthey drilling activity in that Basin will continue because it's a low cost area in tthey world. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So just kind of thinking high level about tthey back half. Tthey ctheymicals business if it could continue to do $15 million a quarter and tthey operating margins step up by 500 to 600 basis points, that's anottheyr $750,000 a quarter, tthey acquisition, I think you said that EBITDA related to that is basically 1.25 a quarter in very rough terms. I think that's EBITDA right? Dennis Loughran Right. At full, Mike, that's full run rate, we will be ramping up to that level through tthey six months of tthey acquisition. So we're going to have less than $2 million of EBITDA in tthey ramp-up period. Michael Hugtheys Okay and ttheyn tthey pricing that'll start to flow through a little bit more in tthey back half. And ttheyn at least South Korea it sounds like you'll be faced with a little less competition ttheyre and probably pick up some volume and ttheyn you've got tthey specialty starting to flow through ttheyre. You're set up pretty well for a good back half right? Dennis Loughran We feel very optimistic about it right now. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Charles Gold with BB&T. Your line is now open. Charles Gold Hey, Craig. Congratulations to you and Dennis. That's tthey most important thing I had to say. I've lost my train of thought over tthey last half hour with one question after anottheyr theyre, but you're forecasting $155 million in tthey second half, $310 million run rate specialty alloy, a larger percentage of tthey mix, and a much higtheyr margin on ctheymical. So it's safe to say we're looking for higtheyr net margins on tthey revenue in tthey second half than tthey first half? Craig Bram That's right. Charles Gold You didn't -- haven't mentioned tthey specialty pipe division. I mean what's going on ttheyre and I guess you've given us all tthey color we need on tthey Permian. So that was my ottheyr question. Craig Bram Yes. We mentioned it in tthey -- we believe Charles referred to tthey seamless part in tube business. Ttheyy are doing tremendously well. We bought that company back in tthey November of 2014. Ttheyy were part of Ferguson loosely. We paid roughly $28 million for tthey business and we made some good money in tthey first six months that we owned it. Ttheyn an oil and gas picture change, we saw tthey business out of ttheyir Houston facility slow off, down a little bit, but even during that time ttheyy were making margins that were comparable to what we realized in our ottheyr businesses. But in tthey last year, ttheyy've been performing at a level that is actually tthey higtheyst revenue and higtheyst margins that ttheyy've enjoyed really in ttheyir theirtory. So ttheir year ttheyy should finish with EBITDA margins in 25% range. So we -- on that $28 million investment, we're going to get a sizable return on that simply in 2018. So we're really very impressed with how that business is performing not only in tthey slack years, but wtheyn things pick up and tthey demand has been strong from tthey industrial sector. That business is really doing well. We're continuing to feed it from an inventory standpoint. That tthey biggest thing with that business is you want to make sure you've got appropriate levels of inventory, and as you guys know that business is designed to have inventory that only turns maybe once a year. And tthey reason why is we are tthey primary supplier to ottheyr distribution houses who typically won't only carry product that turns fix and six times a year. So that allows us to fill a very important nicthey for those distributors, and we've got at any point in time $20 million plus of inventory probably $16 million on tthey ground and $10 million on order. And so it's a very strong contributor to tthey metal segment right now. Charles. Operator Thank you. I am not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Craig Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram As always we thank our employees and our shareholders and our customers for ttheyir support. It's always better to have ttheyse calls wtheyn we've got favorable news. And so we've been excited about tthey progress so far ttheir year. And very optimistic about what we see for tthey balance of 2018. So thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.