Synalloy Corp (SYNL) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 6, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Loughran - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Charles Gold - BB&T Scott & String Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Synalloy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Craig Bram, President and CEO. Please go atheyad sir.  Craig Bram Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's fourth quarter 2019 conference call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO will provide a review of tthey Q4 financials and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everyone. As usual tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods; first, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Fourth quarter GAAP-based net loss was $0.9 million or $0.10 diluted loss per share as compared with net income of $0.5 million or $0.06 diluted earnings per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Tthey majority of tthey decline in profitability took place in tthey Metals segment, wtheyre despite a 5.5% year-over-year increase in pipe to tube shipments, operating profit declined $3.7 million due to several orders of competitive and surcharge related pricing declines compounded by a weakened tariff-based pricing support since ttheyy're disposition in early 2018. Ottheyr significant differences in year-over-year performance include; tthey American Stainless acquisition increased fourth quarter 2019 operating income by $0.7 million with no comparable results in tthey prior year period. Ttheir January 1st addition to our welded pipe and tube certainly provided -- proved to be a strong addition that we expected delivering consistent sales and profitability while ottheyr sectors were experiencing soft markets. Q4 of ttheir year was favorably impacted by a $1.7 million in mark-to-market valuation gain on investments in equity securities compared to a loss of $2.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Q4 of ttheir year contained $0.6 million inventory price change loss compared to tthey fourth quarter of last year which incurred inventory price change losses totaling $0.2 million. Tthey fourth quarter was substantially improved in tthey balance in pricing and inventory costs compared to tthey second quarter and third quarters, wtheyre tthey majority of 2019's $6.4 million inventory pricing losses were incurred. Q4 of ttheir year included favorable net one-time adjustments and amortization and prior period manufacturing variances totaling $0.6 million compared to similar favorable impacts totaling $0.3 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Q4 of ttheir year included tthey negative impact of $0.8 million of increased earn-out accrual compared to tthey favorable earn-out adjustment of $0.8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Tthey increase in projected earn-out liability represents tthey present value of expected payouts under tthey Marcegaglia and ASTI acquisition agreements as a result of improved prognosis for sales from those units for tthey remaining contract periods. Ctheymical sales slipped 5.5% compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2018, primarily related to significant access by customers to delay orders in managing ttheyir year-end working capital levels at tthey end of 2018. Tthey decline produced a drop in operating income of $0.2 million as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $0.8 million or $0.09 diluted loss per share as compared with adjusted net income of $2 million or $0.22 diluted earnings per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.5 million or 3.7% of sales compared to prior year's fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $5.9 million or 8.1% of sales. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey fourth quarter was 6%, down from tthey prior year's fourth quarter of 10.5%. Company had $75.6 million of total borrowings outstanding with its lender as of December 31, 2019. Since January 1, 2019, wtheyn company borrowed $22.7 million to fund tthey American Stainless acquisition, of which $20 million was term loan and $2.7 million, was against our company's line of credit, tthey company has reduced borrowings by $20.9 million, $3.7 million against tthey term loan and $17.2 million against tthey line of credit. Ttheir was accomplittheyyd while also paying down acquisition rate earn-out payments of $4 million through a concerted year-long focus on inventory reduction and ottheyr working capital management. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining availability as of December 31, 2019 was approximately $13.4 million. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thank you, Dennis. Tthey coronavirus has been front and center news for several weeks now. So let me start by commenting on tthey impact that we are seeing in our respective businesses. With tthey Chinese economy under pressure, base metal prices have fallen by double-digit percentages since tthey end of 2019. Nickel prices are down 10% and surcharges are down by between 15% and 17%. Oil and gas prices have been under pressure as well with tthey WTI price up more than 23% since year-end. With tthey outlook for a weakening global economy, ttheyre is a fundamental oversupply of oil and gas that will likely not reverse in tthey near-term. Tthey supply of raw materials to tthey metals and ctheymical units have not been an issue. We have limited exposure to raw materials and ottheyr supplies that are produced overseas. And do not anticipate any shortages that would be detrimental to our production goals. One of our galvanized customers has had difficulty securing raw material from China for ttheyir European operation and has increased ttheyir tonnage with our Munhall facility. We'll have to see how long ttheir additional tonnage last. We've also purchased a new acid regeneration system for tthey Munhall operation that will be coming from a manufacturer in Italy. We expect tthey delivery may be delayed but we have adequate capacity to meet our pickling requirements in tthey meantime. In preparing our forecast for 2020, we projected a flat to marginally down year in terms of volume and pricing much like we experienced in tthey second half of 2019. Our forecast does not reflect tthey manufacturing recession. Tthey exception to ttheir thinking is tthey Palmer operation. At Palmer our forecast calls for volume comparable to what we realized in 2016 and we have rationalized our cost structure ttheyre accordingly. We also anticipated normalized inventory levels in tthey welded stainless steel pipe and tube distribution channel. That has been confirmed by several of our largest customers. However, should tthey virus become a greater threat to tthey domestic economy, tthey chance of a recession increases and our forecast would most certainly be negatively impacted. In Q4 of last year, we instituted a cost-cutting program to better position tthey company for a weaker industrial economy in 2020. Excluding tthey cost-cutting effort at Palmer over $6 million in annual savings have been implemented as of January 1st. Headcount reductions and ottheyr personnel-related savings accounted for $2 million. Material and supply savings totaled almost $3 million and tthey balance of $1 million came from reductions in professional fees, business insurance and ottheyr savings.  During Q1, we identified anottheyr $1.5 million in potential savings that we are currently pursuing. I'm pleased to report that tthey repairs of tthey theyavy wall press at Bristol have been completed. And tthey equipment is fully operational. We will get started on tthey theyavy wall quick turn backlog ttheir month and look forward to a contribution from ttheir product line during tthey balance of 2020. Through February profits for both tthey Metals and Ctheymical segments are running atheyad of tthey 2024 forecast. Bookings in tthey Metals Segment have also exceeded tthey forecast. We have several promising new products in development in tthey Ctheymical unit. We'll now open tthey call to questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Charles Gold with BB&T Scott & String.  Charles Gold Good morning Craig and Dennis Craig Bram Hey Charles. Charles Gold About 20, 25 minutes ago ttheyre was a press release that Privet had increase ttheyir holding by, I believe 314,000 shares and owns over 1.5 million shares. Could you comment on that? And have you had any contact with ttheym in tthey last month?  Craig Bram Charles, we saw tthey filings last night both tthey Privet filing and tthey UPG filing. Between tthey two of ttheym ttheyy filed as a group and ttheyy now own 25% of Synalloy's outstanding shares. We have not had any contact with Privet since December 5 or 6. So at ttheir point, we have not spoken with ttheym since ttheyir most recent filings.  Charles Gold Could you elaborate on up UPG?  Craig Bram UPG owns 723,000 shares. Ttheyy own roughly 8% of tthey company now. Obviously tthey theyavy volume that we've seen in our stock trading in tthey last several weeks has been UPG. And ttheyn in tthey last three days, it's been Privet. And we have not spoken with those folks eittheyr. Ttheyy look like a privately theyld holding company for primarily steel businesses. And beyond that I don't know anything about.  Charles Gold Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back to Craig Bram for any furttheyr remarks. Craig Bram We thank you for your interest in tthey company and look forward to sharing more details with you in tthey future. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.