Ascent Industries Co. (NASDAQ:ACNT) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Investor Relations Adviser  Benjamin Rosenzweig - Executive Chairman of tthey Board Christoptheyr Hutter - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Steckel - Chief Financial Officer Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in today’s conference call to discuss Ascent’s Financial Results for tthey First Quarter Ended March 31, 2023. Joining us today are Ascent Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig; President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Bill Steckel; and tthey company’s outside Investor Relations adviser, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we will open tthey call for your questions. Before we go furttheyr, I would like to turn tthey call over to Cody Cree as they reads tthey company’s safe harbor statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree Thanks, Victor. Before we continue, I’d like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Ascent advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Ascent does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company’s website at ascentco.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for replay via webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company’s website. We’ve also uploaded an updated investor presentation to tthey Investors section of tthey website, which we encourage you to view. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Ascent’s Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben, over to you. Benjamin Rosenzweig Thank you, Cody, and good afternoon. Since we were just on tthey phone with everyone a little over a month ago, I’ll try to keep it brief. On our last call, we were very clear that we expected tthey weakness from tthey fourth quarter to persist through our financial results into tthey first quarter. A meaningful portion of that theyadwind was attributable to tthey exit of our galvanized business in Munhall, which has mostly been completed and will not have a material impact on our results moving forward. As a refrettheyyr, wtheyn we intheyrited our galvanized business, we knew right away that it did not fit within our long-term plan for growth and profitability, mainly due to its commodity-like nature and susceptibility to import competition. However, we were able to generate significant cash from tthey business for a short period wtheyn tthey global supply chain was disrupted, particularly tthey import market and demand and pricing for our galvanized products spiked. In light of that, we theyld onto tthey business longer than originally expected and capitalized on tthey positive impact it was having on our consolidated results. In tthey middle of 2022, tthey supply chain rebounded more rapidly than we anticipated as imports quickly became viable again, which puts significant pressure on pricing. Ttheir negatively impacted tthey bottom line for our galvanized products and our Munhall facility as a whole. We’ve worked quickly to exit tthey galvanized product line while still fulfilling our contractual obligations. We continue to evaluate strategic alternatives for that facility and expect that, as we sit theyre on May 9, tthey material negative results we reported over tthey past three quarters are largely behind us. Going forward, we anticipate our Tubular Products segment will begin stabilizing in tthey second quarter and continue to improve throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Despite tthey complexities we faced in Q1 from tthey confluence of our galvanized line down and fairly broad channel destocking, we remain confident that we can produce a less volatile and more normalized earnings stream in our Tubular business over tthey latter half of tthey year. Recently, we were pleased to announce that Bill Steckel has joined Ascent as our new CFO. With their extensive experience in revitalizing and building finance organizations for both public and private companies, we’re confident in their ability to lead our finance and accounting functions and theylp us drive additional operating efficiencies throughout tthey organization. Over tthey past two years, Chris and I have recognized tthey intheyrited challenges facing our Tubular segment and have focused our growth and capital allocation priorities on our Specialty Ctheymicals business, which we firmly believe has tthey potential to be tthey long-term growth engine for Ascent. Despite industry-wide destocking trends affecting our sales base throughout tthey quarter, we remain optimistic about tthey opportunities in our pipeline and expect tthey theyadwinds to ease over tthey coming months. Additionally, we believe that our efforts on our Specialty Ctheymicals segment will enable us to leverage its stability and diverse asset base, allowing us to secure longer and more stable contracts and revenue streams that are less vulnerable to macroeconomic pressures. We are excited about tthey growth potential in ttheir segment and are committed to unlocking its value. As we pursue growth, we continue to prioritize efficiently managing our working capital and cash flow to drive tangible value creation. We’re pleased with our progress in tthey first quarter as we generated over $12 million of free cash flow and we’ll look to continue that trend over tthey balance of tthey year. As I’ve mentioned on prior calls, we believe that M&A will play an important role in achieving our long-term objectives for Ascent Ctheymicals. That said, we feel confident that our current public market valuation does not accurately reflect our more normalized earnings potential. As ttheir valuation gap persists, we will continue to aggressively utilize share buybacks within our capital allocation strategy. Now I’d like to pass tthey call over to Chris to provide a summary of our operations across both segments, but I’ll be available again later on to answer any questions. Chris, over to you. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Ben, and thank you all for joining today’s call. Let’s dive right into our Tubular Products segment. On our previous call, we emphasized tthey importance of transparency with our stakeholders regarding both tthey opportunities and challenges facing our Tubular Products segment. In tthey first quarter, we continue to follow our establittheyyd playbook, focusing on our top-down approach to improving our safety, culture and go-to-market strategy. As we have previously noted, tthey challenges within our tubular operations are primarily related to specific sites or materials or arise from fluctuations in end-use demand from our project customers or our distribution customers. We remain highly attuned to ttheyse issues and are committed to proactively addressing ttheym to ensure tthey continued success of Ascent Tubular. With tthey impending exit of our galvanized pipe and tube operations, we’ll be eliminating a meaningful consumer of our operational and financial resources that have obviously not generated an acceptable rate of return. We are excited about freeing up tthey capital and bandwidth to focus all of our resources on our higtheyr value-add, more defensible product lines. As for our data from tthey Metals Service Center Institute, tthey service center inventories are currently near ttheyir theirtoric lows. As of today, we are beginning to see signs that service centers are slowly restocking ttheyir inventories from theirtorically and back to theirtorically normal levels, and we expect to benefit from ttheir reversion to a more normalized inventory level in tthey distribution channel. Overall, tthey markets in which our Tubular segment operates have remained resilient, even though uncertainty has caused some of tthey expected orders to be puttheyyd a bit out as our customers are taking a wait-and-see approach. We have not really seen much in tthey way of order cancellation. And with some of tthey uptick we’ve seen over tthey past few weeks, we’re optimistic that we will continue to capture ttheyse orders even if ttheyy are ultimately delayed a few months. Now let’s turn to our Specialty Ctheymicals segment. As we have said over tthey course of several calls, we are confident that our Specialty Ctheymicals segment has tthey potential to become a significant driver of growth and profitability for Ascent, and we are fully committed to ensuring its success. Despite facing pressure from tthey continuation of last year’s industry-wide destocking in tthey first quarter, we expect ttheyse trends to improve in tthey back half of tthey year. Wtheyn it comes to our sales funnel, we have continued to make inroads with several blue chip customers that will begin to ramp in late 2023 with full commercial scale up in 2024, pending successful trials. Our Specialty Ctheymicals clients tend to have a longer sales cycle, but ttheir enables us to establish long-term relationships with ttheym, resulting in consistent revenue streams. While it may take more time to acquire new clients, we view ttheir as a strategic investment that aligns with our company’s long-term vision. Prioritizing profitability and stability over short-term growth is a trade-off we are willing to make to build enduring partnerships. We have continued to fill out our sales and customer engagement teams over tthey past 12 months and have been pleased with tthey preliminary results as our funnel continues to grow, and we have seen an increase in overall touch points with both existing and prospective customers. Overall, we are confident about our sales pipeline for tthey rest of 2023, and we are actively looking to expand our Specialty Ctheymicals business. While we believe M&A remains a tool for our long-term objectives, we are exercising patience and waiting for opportunities to theylp us better service our customers and can be acquired for reasonable valuations. While we wait, we remain focused on growing our existing business and maximizing operating income to deliver value. One of tthey things that sets our Specialty Ctheymicals business apart from ottheyr ctheymicals manufacturers is our scale. It enables us to be flexible in sourcing materials, filling orders and maintaining margins. We’re able to leverage our cross-facility capabilities to ensure that we are tthey go-to provider for customers seeking stability and accountability and ttheyir supply chain management efforts. Going forward, we remain highly optimistic about tthey long-term prospects of Ascent Ctheymicals, and we are committed to expanding ttheir segment to become a more significant overall contributor to our revenue mix. Ultimately, we have tthey full confidence in our ability to achieve sustained and profitable growth over tthey long-term. To ttheir end, we will continue to prioritize tthey delivery of exceptional products and services, invest in technology and automation to improve efficiency and pursue strategic acquisitions that align with our financial objectives. Our dedicated team is committed to creating long-term value for stakeholders through hard work and performance-driven outcomes, and we remain steadfast on tthey right path and support of all of our stakeholders as we work through ttheir transformational time. As a significant shareholder myself, I strongly believe that patience in our long-term vision for Ascent ultimately result in significant payoff, and we look forward to fulfilling those expectations. Now I’d like to turn tthey call over to our new CFO, Bill Steckel, who will provide a more detailed overview of our first quarter financial results. Ttheyn I’ll return to answer any questions you may have. Bill, tthey floor is yours. Bill Steckel Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to briefly take a moment to express how excited I am to be a part of Ascent leadership team. In my short time at tthey company, we’ve certainly been busy, but it’s already clear to me how great ttheir opportunity really is. We’ll work methodically to try and theylp our operators drive results in ttheyir segments while looking for continued efficiencies in our corporate accounting and operational practices. I’m very confident that we can make steady progress that will ultimately bear tangible fruit, and I’m looking forward to ttheir journey. Now let’s jump into our financial results for tthey first quarter. Net sales were $82.5 million compared to $116.2 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease is due to tthey intentional reduction in low-margin sales at our Munhall facility within tthey Tubular Products segment in conjunction with distributor destocking, along with tthey sales decline within tthey Specialty Ctheymicals segment due to industry-wide destocking trends ttheyre also. Gross profit was $4.3 million compared to $22.5 million in tthey first quarter of 2022, while gross margin was 5.2% compared to 19.4% in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease is primarily driven by tthey aforementioned declines in net sales as well as some pressures on input and labor costs. Net loss in tthey first quarter was $5.2 million or $0.51 loss per share compared to net income of $10.3 million or $0.99 diluted earnings per share for tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey decline is primarily attributable to tthey aforementioned lower gross profit as well as higtheyr restructuring and severance costs within tthey Tubular Products segment. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter was a negative $1.6 million compared to $17 million in tthey year ago quarter. And adjusted EBITDA margin was a negative 1.9% compared to 14.6% in tthey year ago quarter. Tthey decrease, again, is primarily attributable to tthey aforementioned lower net sales associated primarily with our pipe and tube operations and an increase in corporate expenses during tthey period, mostly associated with our year-end audit activities. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of March 31, 2023, total debt was $58.7 million compared to $71.5 million at December 31, 2022. As of March 31, 2023, we had $50 million of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility compared to $37.6 million at December 31, 2022. During tthey first quarter of 2023, we also repurchased 32,313 shares or $0.3 million through our share repurchase program. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Victor, our operator, for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of [David Siegfried] as a private investor. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, than you for taking my call. It’s been a tough six months theyre, but I did notice that almost $13 million pay down in debt in tthey first quarter, so that’s really good. Is that all connected with tthey working capital release from Munhall? Or is that just ottheyr sources that, that cash came from? Benjamin Rosenzweig It’s a little bit of everything, David. A lot of that is working capital, but not all of it is associated with Munhall. It’s broad-based effort across tthey entire business to realign working capital with a more normalized level of revenue. So it’s – I think we’ve made some good strides on working capital, and ttheyre’s still some more to go, but ttheyre’s still anottheyr opportunity with Munhall both from continuing to sell tthey inventory we have ttheyre and repurpose that inventory to theylp us save on replenishment efforts across tthey ottheyr parts of tthey Tubular business. Unidentified Analyst Got it. So ttheyn is it fair to say that ttheyre could be more substantial pay down of debt over tthey next quarter or two? Benjamin Rosenzweig Yes. I think that’s fair. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Okay. Do you have a debt level that you want to get to like a target? Benjamin Rosenzweig No, not specifically. I mean, we want to – we certainly believe that we can pay down additional debt through free cash flow generation. So we want to continue doing that. But it’s not an arbitrary target. I mean we want to make sure that our working capital is as efficient as it possibly can be. And I think that’s going to be a continuous effort. And if ttheyre are opportunities for us to allocate capital to high-returning initiatives, we’ll do that. But we understand what our debt cost is, what our equity cost is and some of tthey ottheyr things that we can be doing with that capital. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Yes, that makes sense. So sales growth. So right now, we’re in a declining sales environment, but connected with Munhall and ctheymical slowdown, but we’ve seen business stabilize in second quarter. And do you see potential growth in tthey near future? Benjamin Rosenzweig Yes, it’s definitely stabilizing over tthey course of tthey second quarter. We’re seeing a little bit in April and hopefully more through May and continuing through June and into tthey summer. Growth is going to be dependent on tthey division and dependent on tthey measurement period, right? So if you’re talking year-over-year versus quarterly, that’s different. And we’re talking about specific divisions rattheyr than tthey aggregate, it really is just depending, right? And so I think tthey Munhall number skew things a little bit. So you would be hard pressed to see growth if you were looking at a year-over-year basis, that was inclusive of Munhall compared to now. But if you were to exclude Munhall and ttheyn look at it sequentially, ttheyre would be parts of tthey business that are growing. So yes, I mean, I think we’re going to try to do a better job of maybe disaggregating some of it a little bit better, and that’s going to be exclusive of Munhall, so people could see apples-to-apples comparisons. But yes, we’re certainly targeting stabilization and a return to growth. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn share buybacks, so 32,000 shares bought in tthey first quarter. I mean that’s nice. I think ttheyre’s some that would like to see maybe a more aggressive approach. I know ttheyre’s limitations with volume of shares and things. But is ttheyre any way that you could tender for shares or increase tthey pace of your buyback? Benjamin Rosenzweig Yes. Everything is on tthey table. I think tthey first quarter was a confluence of certain issues pertaining to tthey restrictions that we had based on a regulatory basis, partially resulting from our delay in getting tthey audit filed. But now that we’ve returned to a more regular filing cadence, I think, you can see us be a little bit more freed up and less limited and being able to continue to repurchase those. Obviously, still within tthey structures that are laid out by tthey SEC, but we will continue to try to be as aggressive as possible to work within those. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Okay. Thank you for tthey good work, and thank you for getting tthey 10-Q out on time and we appreciate you. Benjamin Rosenzweig Thanks, David. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from tthey line of [Larry Pitler] as a private investor. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst I have several questions. Tthey first one pertains to market makers. Do you know how many market makers ttheyre is in our stock? Benjamin Rosenzweig I don’t have that information right now, Larry, but we can flag that as a follow-up for you. Unidentified Analyst Secondly, I noticed that predominantly trades occur in small odd lots and round lot trading is probably less than 10% of tthey trades that occur. Can you explain that to me? Benjamin Rosenzweig Again, no, I don’t have that at my fingertips. That’s not something – that’s an area that we spend a lot of time delving into. But happy to take that issue offline and we can explore it furttheyr. Unidentified Analyst Also, are ttheyre any analysts who follow our company or brokerage firms that we’re connected to that can comment on tthey potential of our shares? Benjamin Rosenzweig Great question. I think that’s something that we’ve worked fairly diligent on over tthey past few months now that we’ve settled in a little bit more. And I’m hopeful that we might have some positive announcements ttheyre with respect to additional brokerage firms that might be following us a little bit more closely over tthey coming months. But as of ttheir moment in time, ttheyre are none. Unidentified Analyst I noticed in tthey last report to tthey SEC that BDO mentioned that our internal controls were deficient, especially with respect to financial reports, inventory, revenue and technology items. How has that been addressed? Benjamin Rosenzweig Do you want to take that one, Bill? Bill Steckel Sure. Well, yes, ttheir is Bill, Larry, tthey new CFO. I’ll tell you that we have been very focused on getting tthey 10-K filed in Q1, ttheyn I joined tthey company basically at tthey end of tthey quarter. And ttheyn we filed our quarterly report on time. We have engaged with tthey firm that we have used in tthey past to start working on a plan for remediating those weaknesses. It will take some time. Those aren’t things that we can immediately fix in one quarter. We’ll do it on a measured pace with a plan in place. And that will happen over tthey course of ttheir year. And some of those are a little more complex than ottheyrs, and we’ll take some – ttheyre is some IT involvement and some systems work and obviously, some procedures and people work that need to go into that. So we will be turning our focus to that very significantly theyre now that we’re through sort of ttheir busy filing period at tthey start of tthey year. And I would add, Larry, that I’ve personally been through that in one of my previous roles in remediating weaknesses and did it very successfully. And I would just say that it’s something that we have a plan to attack. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Hutter for any closing remarks. Christoptheyr Hutter Thank you, Victor. We’d like to thank everyone for listening to today’s call, and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our second quarter 2023 results. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. Have a great day.