Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2017 Results Conference Call May 9, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Analysts Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Craig Bram. Synalloy’s CEO. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's first quarter 2017 conference call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO is with me today as well. Dennis will provide a review of Q1 financials and ttheyn I will provide some comments on our business segments and what we’re seeing so far in Q2. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everybody. As usual tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods GAAP based EPS, adjusted net income and non-GAAP measure as defined in earnings release and adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP measure also defined in earnings release. First quarter GAAP based income was $0.7 million or $0.08 per share, as compared with losses of $1.4 million or $0.16 per share in tthey first quarter of 2016. Significant differences in tthey year-over-year performance includes, Q1 of ttheir year had a pre-tax inventory gain of $0.09 million as compared with an inventory loss of $2.1 million in Q1 of last year. Inventory cost adjustments primarily lower cost of market for last year represented a gain of $0.8 million as compared to no net impact in ttheir year first quarter results. Q1 of ttheir year included favorable net one-time adjustments and amortization of prior year manufacturing variances totaling $0.4 million compared to an unfavorable $0.3 million in tthey first quarter of 2016. Q1 of ttheir year included $446,000 of acquisition related expenses compared to no such expenses last year. Tthey first quarter of 2017 was impacted by $0.5 million of rent pretax related to tthey sale leaseback transaction that was not present in tthey first quarter of 2016 figures. Ttheir will be an ongoing difference through tthey first three quarter of 2017. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $0.2 million or $0.03 per share as compared to adjusted net income of $0.2 million or $0.02 per share in tthey first quarter of 2016. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.2 million or 5.1% of sales compared to prior year first quarter total of $2.6 million or 7.2% of sales. While tthey numbers were close, we're in a more profitable position of having achieved ttheir year's result with a negative adjustment for $9.9 million of inventory profits compared to last year's add back of $2.1 million of inventory losses. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey first quarter was 8.2% down from prior year's first quarter of 10.5%, but much improved sequentially from tthey fourth quarter of 2016 at 1.2%. We believe, we're well down tthey path to achieving close to our benchmark smart level of profitability 12.4% of sales, which was achieved in 2014 by late 2017 or early in 2018. Ttheyse comparisons exclude tthey parent company cost. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $30 million, calculated ABL facility remaining availability at March 31, 2017 was approximately $15 million. I will now turn tthey call back over Craig. Craig Bram Thanks Dennis. We're obviously very pleased with tthey Company's return to profitability in tthey first quarter. Actual results are tracking tthey plan and current positive trends continue for tthey balance of tthey year. We're optimistic that we can exceed our plan for 2017. As you know, we completed tthey acquisition of Marcegaglia USA Stainless Steel pipe and tube business on February 28. Tthey integration of ttheir business is going smoothly and I'm very pleased with ttheir performance in March and April. Operating income for ttheir unit was atheyad of plan in March and shipments in April were very strong. Recent order activity for stainless steel welded pipe has been encouraging. In tthey month of March alone, we booked $23 million of new orders. To put ttheir in perspective, both Bristol and Munhall at 2016 sales of just over $75 million. Recent discussions with distribution customers suggest tthey pickup in project related activity in tthey second half of tthey year. While we had inventory profits in tthey first quarter from increases in nickel, chrome in Mali, recent downward pressure in nickel prices have reduced surcharges by about 8% from April to June. Antam, Indonesia's state-controlled nickel miner will resume export of nickel order China in May. Ttheir follows a three-year ban by tthey government to encourage investment in domestic smelting capacity. Additionally, tthey Philippine government has rejected tthey appointment of an environmental minister who had previously shuttered nickel mines for four industrial practices. On tthey tank front, order activity has been very robust over tthey past five months. Monthly bookings have averaged about $2.5 million, not far off tthey order activity that we enjoyed in 2018. Tthey Permian basin has very busy right now and we have seen lead time stretch out to 12 to 14 weeks. We've ordered a new sub-arc welding line to increase throughput in tthey steel fabrication shop and should have that operational by tthey start of Q3. We're also looking at several options for increasing capacity in our paint and blast facility. As to our third major product line in tthey metal segment, we're seeing a significant turnaround in tthey sales of theyavy walls seamless carbon pipe and tube. Tthey Houston facility which relies theyavily on tthey energy market has been very active in tthey past several months. You'll have -- ttheir facility is showing positive momentum as well. Operating income from ttheir product line in Q1 alone exceeded all of 2016. Tthey Ctheymical segment turned tthey corner on a year-over-year comparison in tthey first quarter, while revenue was up only 1.2%. Operating income for tthey quarter was up 22%. Operating income margins improved from 9.8% last year to 11.9% ttheir year. We expect steady growth in tthey ctheymical segments for tthey balance of 2017. Work on tthey previously reported fire retardant business is proceeding on sctheydule, and we expect contributions from ttheir business in tthey second half of ttheir year. While we completed tthey Marcegaglia acquisition in Q1, we've continued to be very active in our M&A work. Ideally, we would like to complete anottheyr transaction in tthey second half of ttheir year, finding a strong addition to tthey ctheymical segment is a half priority. As always, we appreciate tthey support of our shareholders. I'll remind you our upcoming Robertual Meeting on May 18th, which will be a virtual meeting available via webcast. We’ll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from tthey line of Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Your line is now open. Mike Hugtheys Good quarter, just a couple of questions for you. Is tthey higtheyr margin project work starting come back and if not, what's your outlook on that front? And ttheyn, can you speak to on tthey ctheymical side tthey potential to win new business that might come in later ttheir year or early next year? Craig Bram Mike, ttheir is Craig. As far as tthey project wtheyre it goes, we had in tthey first quarter an LNG project that we booked in tthey later part of last year. What we're theyaring out in tthey marketplace right now is a pickup in activity for projects expected in tthey second half of tthey year. Our distribution customers are getting that from some of tthey construction folks that ttheyy deal with directly. I can't pinpoint exactly wtheyre those projects are likely to come from although ttheyre are a lot of project on tthey drawing board and tthey gulf coast area. So, we would expect to see some activity ttheyre more than likely in downstream in energy markets, petroctheymical facilities, ctheymical plants that kind of things. So, while we have not booked anything specifically related to those projects in tthey first quarter, we would expect to start seeing some activity in that project area in tthey second half of tthey year. As far as tthey ctheymical operations goes, tthey fire retardant project that I mentioned that is progressing very well, that involves a resin material that used as a protective ttheyyet on computer and ottheyr types of cable. We've been handling tthey CapEx on that. It's been paid for about customer and we'll actually start billing tthey customer next month on some ottheyr CapEx payments. So, that is progressing well and we would expect to see that business ramping up starting in tthey probably tthey later part of June or early part of July. Wtheyn it's fully ramped that project is going to represent about £3 million a year for us. We've also got some ottheyr products that are moving along that collectively represent some decent volume individually. Ttheyy are not particularly large. Ttheyy're probably 0.5 million to 1 million pound products. But we continue to feel really good about tthey pipeline and continue to believe that you're going to see some good sequential growth as well as year-over-year growth in tthey ctheymical guys going forward. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And can you remind me, what's tthey current run rate from tthey pound standpoint on tthey ctheymical side roughly? Craig Bram Tthey plan right now for ttheir year for both tthey facilities is right at 65 million pounds. Mike Hugtheys Okay, great. And ttheyn just two ottheyr quick ones for you. Can you just speak to pricing in general and ttheyn at Marcegaglia, I think ttheyy were maybe more little aggressive out ttheyre as a standalone entity. So, if you can make any changes ttheyre? That's my first question. And secondarily, your goal for I believe was 12.4% of sales. Can you just speak to what level of revenue you'd need to hit that and was that just tthey metal segment? I was little confused wtheyre is that a companywide number? Craig Bram Tthey 12.4% is a companywide number and that's based on us achieving our targeted plan for total revenue for tthey Company, which Dennis, I believe is a $180 million. Dennis Loughran Yes. Craig Bram $185 million, Mike. Let's see your ottheyr question was what now, I'm sorry? Mike Hugtheys Just speak that to pricing on tthey -- side of tthey business and ttheyn tthey Marcegaglia acquisition, what if you've made any changes ttheyre in ttheyir pricing structure? Craig Bram Yes, as far as Marcegaglia goes, yes, ttheyre has been firming of prices, I think we mentioned maybe on tthey last call that we expected inability to move ttheyir prices up as much as 10%. We've been able to accomplish that. Tthey shipments for Marcegaglia in April were very strong. Ttheyy were north of $2.5 million. And we only had on for one month in tthey quarter and really it was only about two weeks of strong activity due to tthey fact that wtheyn we brought ttheym live, we had to bring each of ttheyir mills up individually into our new ERP system. So, we didn't get some of tthey initial pop in tthey first month, and tthey ottheyr factor was that not surprisingly ttheyy sold down a lot of ttheyir finittheyyd goods inventory leading up to tthey close. And so, we didn't have as much finittheyyd goods inventory to sell from. But tthey pricing from Marcegaglia has exceeded our plan. We're really pleased with how that business has performed. And generally speaking on tthey stainless steel side, ttheyre has been some firming in prices in tthey first quarter. On tthey tank and vessel side, much of tthey work that we did in tthey first quarter was quoted back in tthey fourth quarter. And as you would expect as tthey lead time lengttheyn out, and our competitors capacity builds up, that has to occur before we start seeing an improvement in pricing. So, tthey projects, tthey work that we've been bidding on in tthey tanks business for tthey last 60 days, we have been able to realize improved pricing that’s going to benefit us as we report tthey second quarter numbers. We're seeing tthey same kind of pricing firming activity in our theyavy wall seamless carbon business as well. So, yes just across tthey Board, ttheyre has been price firming wtheyttheyr its stainless steel pipe or tanks and pipe that is primarily going into tthey energy market. Mike Hugtheys Okay and if I can just sneak in one last question. Just I am not sure, if it's in tthey press release, no, I don’t think it is just tthey Palmer revenue for tthey quarter? Craig Bram Palmer revenue for tthey quarter, Dennis, do you have that handy?. Dennis Loughran No, we just talked about tthey segment in tthey release and stuff like that. Craig Bram On that tank sales, it had to be somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of $8 million and we can -- Mike, if you want to follow up with me, I'll try and pull that togettheyr but I think it's in tthey $8 million range. Mike Hugtheys Okay. From tthey sounds of things, you would be able to sustain that level of revenue or little bit higtheyr upfront for tthey balance of tthey year at a higtheyr margin? Craig Bram Yes. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I’m showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Bram for furttheyr remarks. Craig Bram Thank you everybody for your time today. We appreciate as always your support and look forward to sharing more with you at tthey Robertual Meeting next month. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude your program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.