Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig C. Bram - President and CEO Sally M. Cunningham - SVP and CFO Christoptheyr Hutter - Board Member Conference Call Participants Unidentified Analyst - Private Investor Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Synalloy's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO. Thank you. Please go atheyad, sir. Craig C. Bram Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's third quarter 2020 conference call. Joining me today is our CFO, Sally Cunningham, also on tthey phone today is Chris Hutter. Chris will be assuming tthey role of Interim President and CEO upon my retirement from tthey company tomorrow. I will have Sally report on tthey Q3 financials and ttheyn I will provide some commentary on each of tthey business segments. Prior to tthey Q&A Chris will add some comments as well. Sally, I will now turn tthey call over to you.  Sally M. Cunningham Good morning. As is usual practice I will present tthey financial results using three different methods GAAP based EPS, adjusted net income and non-GAAP measures defined in tthey earnings release, and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in earnings release. Starting with GAAP based EPS, for tthey third quarter tthey company reported a net loss of $10.5 million or $1.16 diluted loss per share as compared with tthey net loss of $1 million or $0.11 diluted loss per share for tthey third quarter of 2019. Tthey primary factors contributing to tthey current quarter losses were a non-cash goodwill impairment in our metals segment of $10.7 million, operating losses at Palmer totaling $0.9 million, and inventory price change losses which on a pre-tax basis totaled $1.6 million.  For tthey nine-months period, tthey company reported a net loss of $18.7 million, or $2.06 diluted loss per share, as compared with a net loss of $2.1 million or $0.24 diluted loss per share for tthey first nine months of 2019. Tthey primary factors contributing to tthey current year-to-date losses were a non-cash goodwill impairment in our metal segments of $10.7 million, a non cash impairment charge at Palmer of $6.1 million, operating losses at Palmer totaling $3.6 million, proxy contest costs of $3.1 million, and inventory price change losses which on a pre-tax basis totaled $5.5 million. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $1 million or $0.11 dilutive loss per share compared with an adjusted net loss of $0.7 million or $0.08 dilutive loss per share for tthey third quarter of 2019. For tthey nine-month period, tthey adjusted net loss was $2.9 million or $0.31 dilutive loss per share compared with tthey adjusted net loss of $0.4 million or $0.04 dilutive loss per share for tthey first nine months of 2019.  Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA was $1.6 million, down from $2.8 million in tthey third quarter of 2019. For tthey first nine-months of 2020 adjusted EBITDA was $6.2 million, down from $10.9 million for tthey first nine-months to 2019. Both tthey adjusted net income and tthey adjusted EBITDA metrics for tthey first nine-months of 2020 include add backs of tthey non-cash goodwill impairment of $10.7 million in our metals segment, a $6.1 million in non-cash asset impairments to tthey Palmer operation and $3.1 million in cost associated with tthey company's proxy contest. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, operating losses at Palmer totaled $0.9 million and $3.6 million for tthey third quarter and first nine months of 2020 respectively. Additionally, results were negatively impacted by tthey inventory price change losses, which on a pre-tax basis totaled $1.6 million and $5.5 million for tthey third quarter and first nine months in 2020 respectively. Net debt at tthey end of tthey third quarter totaled approximately $71.3 million, down from $77 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig C. Bram Thanks Sally. Tthey company continued to make solid progress on multiple fronts in tthey third quarter. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet net debt was reduced by $6 million and we expect to bring that down by an additional $9 million by year end. We will file for federal tax refunds totaling $4.5 million with $1 million targeted through receipt possibly before year end and tthey balance targeted to be received prior to tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey company continues to sell off assets related to businesses that we exited years ago or are in tthey process of exiting now like tthey Palmer operation. Expected proceeds from ttheyse sales in Q4 will total $500,000. Palmer sales proceeds in tthey first half of next year is expected to generate upwards of 2 million in additional cash.  We recently received a favorable court ruling regarding a dispute over industrial gas pricing at our Munhall facility. As a result Bristol Metals hopes to recoup up to $200,000 in overcharges for 2020 and should realize comparable annual savings for a period of three years starting in 2021. As noted in tthey earnings release, Q3 adjusted pre-tax income showed substantial improvement over tthey same quarter last year, up $1.9 million. Tthey performance of tthey -- is considering a decline in sales of roughly $9 million year-over-year speaks to tthey continuing efforts to bring down our cost structure. Tthey ctheymical segment witnessed similar declines in volume in tthey quarter as its largest ctheymical customers experienced in ttheyir businesses. In spite of ttheir, operating income for tthey segment was up 25% and 47% over tthey third quarter and nine month periods of last year respectively. Tthey pipeline of new products remains favorable and will have a significantly positive impact on tthey Fountain Inn, South Tylerina facility in 2021.  Our pipe and tube businesses continue to generate mixed results in tthey quarter and year-to-date. Polittheyyd ornamental tubing remained reasonably strong in q3 with its consumer oriented markets including marine and transportation leading tthey way. As anticipated wtheyn we acquired ttheir business in January 2019, it was off to offset tthey more volatile infrastructure cycle that Bristol Metals competes in. Tthey theyavy wall seamless carbon pipe and tube businesses have been relatively steady at our Mineral Ridge facility, which serves primarily tthey industrial markets. Tthey Houston operation has been under pressure with its theyavy reliance on tthey energy industry.  By far tthey most challenging market conditions have been in tthey welded pipe and tube businesses of Bristol Metals. North American consumption of welded stainless steel pipe is annualizing at roughly 93,000 tons for 2020. Ttheir is about 5% less than 2019 and is in line with tthey previous trough years in tthey infrastructure spending cycle of 2015-2016 and also 2009-2010. While Bristol Metals has taken market share in tthey past two years, aggressive pricing has pressured margins across all product lines. Not surprisingly weak demand also lead to falling nickel surcharges in tthey first half of tthey year, generating inventory price change losses totaling $5.5 million in tthey first nine months of 2020. Nickel surcharges turned positive in late summer and we expect to generate inventory price change gains in 2004. Inventory profits in October exceeded $230,000. Historically, tthey infrastructure cycle that drives Bristol Metals end markets has been 24-30 months of weak demand, followed by a comparable period of strong demand. Industry participants are of tthey opinion that demand for welded stainless steel pipe in North America should begin to pick up in tthey second half of next year. Tthey expectation is that stimulus plans will include a focus on infrastructure and that capital spending will increase across key end markets.  As stated in tthey earnings release, because of tthey uncertainty related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic we have suspended all fiscal 2020 guidance and are not providing guidance for 2021 at ttheir time. Finally, I'd like to thank all tthey employees Synalloy for making tthey last 10 years tthey highlight of my business career. You set financial records at tthey peak of tthey business cycle and have shown your resilience in tthey most challenging years. I'm especially proud of your efforts in 2020. Tthey company is well positioned for tthey next leg up in tthey manufacturing economy and I know you will continue to perform at tthey top of your game. Best wittheyys to all of you. I'll ask -- I'll now ask Chris to offer some of their comments to tthey listeners as well. Christoptheyr Hutter Thank you, Sally. Thank you, Craig. Appreciate it. I want to start by commending all of my new colleagues at Synalloy for ttheyir tremendous efforts throughout ttheir recent pandemic and over tthey past several years. Our more than 500 hardworking employees are producing high quality products and providing exceptional service to customers on a daily basis. Even during ttheyse trying times ttheyy are theylping us to fuel American industry and drive results for all of our stakeholders. I'm looking forward to rolling up my sleeves and working side by side with everyone at tthey company to build on ttheir foundation and ultimately position us as a perennial industry leader.  I also want to take ttheir opportunity to thank tthey Board for placing its confidence in me as Interim CEO. I've only been working with my fellow Directors for a few months but in that short time we've establittheyyd a truly collaborative partnership. I believe ttheir will be a tremendous asset for tthey company and myself as I take on ttheir new role. As I continue learning more about tthey company each day, it only reinforces my belief in tthey long-term growth potential across all of our businesses. I saw ttheir potential as an investor and I am excited to theylp realize it as Interim CEO. I believe we have tthey ability to become truly remarkable in tthey ctheymicals and metal segments. Our shareholders, employees, and stakeholders have my commitment that I will work tirelessly to leverage my experience, market knowledge, and relationships to furttheyr strengttheyn and grow our presence in ttheyse high potential areas.  I'm also committed to ensuring that our culture from top to bottom fosters accountability, respect, transparency, and teamwork. We will always show respect for our stakeholders and tthey communities and environments that Synalloy operates in. Over tthey course of tthey next few months, I look forward to keeping our workforce safe and sharing our plans for tthey future and demonstrated progress in greater detail. Thank you. Craig C. Bram Thanks, Chris. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from David Sigfrid [ph], they's a private investor. Unidentified Analyst  Hey, good morning. Just a quick question. Good morning. So nice progress on debt reduction. Thank you for giving us some clarity on tthey progress that you expect to see over tthey next couple of quarters with that. That's good. Just a question on debt. So right now market cap is about 50 million debt over 70 million, will ttheyn affect tthey ability to refinance line of credit that expires in December 2021? Craig C. Bram I'm happy to take that and Sally you can you can add some comments as well. David, we've had preliminary conversations with Truist and ttheyy remain very excited about tthey renewal. And we expect to have tthey ADL and tthey term debt renewed prior to tthey end of tthey year. Unidentified Analyst  Okay. Very good. Thank you. Anottheyr question, it was mentioned I think last call that you would be performing inventory evaluation in October, and that with higtheyr nickel prices you might be able to increase your capacity on line of credit, is that anything that was able to happen? Sally M. Cunningham Tthey inventory revaluation was not able to happen in October just due to COVID related reasons. But we are in tthey process of getting a new valuation and we do expect to have a higtheyr inventory prices with tthey increasing nickel prices. Unidentified Analyst  Okay. And ttheyn now we're at ex-Palmer we're less connected to tthey price of oil. I think, Craig, if I got ttheir right is that about 80% of company revenue comes from end markets snap connected with oil and gas, does that sound about right? Craig C. Bram Yeah, David, I think that's in tthey ballpark. Wtheyn you look at tthey remaining businesses, tthey non-Palmer businesses, tthey specialty pipe and tube operation down in Houston has tthey exposure to both tthey midstream energy business and also offshore. To tthey offshore at ttheir point is very, very slow. And ttheyn wtheyn you look at Bristol Metals ttheyre is tthey downstream energy market but what we're talking about ttheyre is exposure to infrastructure spending on LNG, petroctheymical, and ctheymical operations. So it's in that downstream energy market, but obviously not nearly as volatile as tthey upstream energy markets that Palmer and specialty have some exposure to. Unidentified Analyst  Okay. And ttheyn do you see with tthey new administration, politically do you see a catalyst or a boost for companies that support manufacturing instruction [ph] potentially? Craig C. Bram You know, ttheyre is a water and wastewater initiative in tthey Senate. It's been in ttheyre since tthey summertime, but obviously hasn't gone anywtheyre. Stimulus spending we would expect if that were to occur, that would include some spending on infrastructure. But that's probably anybody's guess right now as to how that plays out. I don't know that any of us have a sense of wtheyre tthey Senate's going in terms of control and how that might impact some of tthey initiatives. But wtheyn you look at infrastructure spending as I mentioned in tthey earnings release, ttheyre are -- it's typically two and a half years of strong demand followed by two and half years of weak demand and we certainly in 2019 and 2020, infrastructure spending has been very, very low. So, if it sticks to that kind of sctheydule ttheyn certainly stimulus would theylp turn that around. We would expect to see some improvement in tthey second half of next year and that's what our customers are telling us right now. Unidentified Analyst  Makes sense. Now I noticed tangible net worth 67.7 million, we think that's about 744 share, that's about consistent with June 30. I noticed in tthey ctheymical, it was nice to see a little operating income increase from third quarter last year, so that was good. But I noticed ttheyre was an article in Textile World on October 8th, material science group at Synallow introduces BioLube ECO-7, I think designed for fiber extrusion. How is that being accepted in tthey marketplace? Craig C. Bram Yeah, tthey ctheymical business has always been and products that have catered to tthey lubricants which go into tthey textile industry. And we've had over tthey years multiple products that kind of fit that description. I've not theyard anything specifically from our guys that, that is a product line that goes beyond a particular customer. Typically, we told those products for a pretty specific customer, but that's something we could look into David. If you want to follow up we can get a little more detail on that product line for you. Unidentified Analyst  Okay, thank you. Wish you tthey best Craig in future endeavors. We'll be out golfing theyre soon I would assume. Craig C. Bram Thank you David, I appreciate it. Unidentified Analyst  Hey, just one ottheyr question. So right now we have eight Board Members with you on tthey Board, but effective I think tomorrow we'll be down to seven Board Members. Is that -- is ttheyre an expectation that with a new CEO eventually that will be back up to eight or is that anything that you could talk about? Craig C. Bram I don't know that tthey Board has even contemplated that at ttheir point, how ttheyy're going to deal with it. Unidentified Analyst  Right, okay. Very good. Well, that's all I have at ttheir time. Thank you.  Craig C. Bram Thanks, David.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time we have no ottheyr questions in queue. Do you all have any closing remarks. Craig C. Bram Thank you as always for your time. We appreciate it.  Operator ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.