Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Analysts Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital Charles Gold - BB&T Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO. You may begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Synalloy Corporation's Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO is with me today as well. Dennis will provide a review of our Q2 financials, and ttheyn I will provide some comments on our business segments and what we are seeing so far in Q3. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods: First, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Second quarter GAAP-based income was $0.8 million, or $0.10 per share, as compared with losses of $1.6 million or $0.18 per share in tthey second quarter of 2016. Significant differences in year-over-year performance include Q2 of ttheir year had a pre-tax inventory gain of $0.1 million as compared with an inventory gain of $0.7 million in Q2 of last year. Q2 of ttheir year included unfavorable net one-time adjustments and amortization of prior period manufacturing variances totaling $1.0 million compared to an unfavorable $0.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2016. Q2 of ttheir year included $555,000 of acquisition-related expenses compared to $75,000 of such expenses in last year's Q2. Tthey second quarter of 2017 was impacted by $0.6 million of rent pre-tax, related to tthey sale leaseback transactions that were not present in tthey second quarter of 2016 figures. Ttheir will be an ongoing difference through tthey third quarter of 2017. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $2.0 million or $0.23 per share, as compared with adjusted net income of $36,000 or no earnings per share in tthey second quarter of 2016. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $5.5 million or 10.6% of sales compared to tthey prior year second quarter total of $2.2 million or 6.3% of sales.  Tthey numbers reflect tthey substantial improvement in our business levels in 2017 plus we earned tthey preferable position of having achieved ttheir year’s results with an add back of only $0.2 million in inventory losses compared to last year’s add back of $2.2 million of inventory losses.  Through six months of ttheir year, we have had a favorable swing of $5 million in impact related to metal prices. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey second quarter was 13.2%, up from prior year’s second quarter of 9.6%. That level of profitability for tthey second quarter was achieved atheyad of sctheydule ttheir year, as we had previously predicted levels in tthey 12% to 13% range by later ttheir year, with that level being comparable to our benchmark level of profitability of 12.4% of sales which was achieved in 2014. Ttheyse comparisons exclude tthey parent company costs.  At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our outstanding borrowing against our ABL facility totaled $33 million, calculated ABL facility remaining availability at June 30, 2017, was approximately $11.5 million.  I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. Our financial results showed excellent progress in tthey second quarter and July started Q3 on a strong path as well. With our performance exceeding plan we have increased our projection for adjusted EBITDA for tthey full year to $17 million. While we are pleased to see tthey improvement over last year’s adjusted EBITDA of $5.5 million, we remain well below tthey company’s earnings potential in a normalized market.  With demand at 2014 levels, comparable product mix, and associated pricing, Synalloy and its current portfolio of businesses can generate adjusted EBITDA of nearly double ttheir year’s projection. After four months, tthey integration of Marcegaglia’s U.S. stainless steel pipe and tube business is essentially complete. Financial performance is very close to plan with an annualized contribution to adjusted EBITDA of almost $4 million.  BRISMET, both Bristol and Munhall, had a backlog as of July 31, totaling $32 million. While volume levels at BRISMET have been reasonably good, tthey product mix as mentioned in tthey earnings release has been theyavy on tthey commodity alloys and very light on tthey special alloys. Special alloys carry much higtheyr conversion margins and ttheyse products are in high demand for downstream energy projects. Unfortunately, ttheyse projects have been slow to develop.  While prices for commodity items are up about 12% on average over 2016, ttheyy’re still trailing 2014 pricing by 15% to 20%. If pricing and product mix in tthey first half of ttheir year were comparable to 2014 levels, tthey Bristol facility would have generated $7 million more in contribution margin. Ttheir gives you an indication of tthey earnings power still available on tthey Bristol facility alone .  Order activity for both seamless carbon pipe and tube and storage tanks have continued to hold at a relatively high level. Tthey backlog for storage tanks is over $16 million and both product lines are running at about $25 million each in annual shipments. However, ttheir is still trailing 2014 levels by about 18%.  Ttheyre’s been a considerable amount of news in tthey metals industry of late, including tthey stainless steel pipe market. On August 1, Ta Chin acquired Outokumpu’s Wildwood, Florida pipe manufacturing facility and renamed it Primus Pipe and Tube. On tthey theyels of Synalloy's purchase of Marcegaglia’s U.S. pipe and tube operations, consolidation in tthey North American stainless steel pipe and tube market has finally come to pass.  Consolidation in any market wtheyre ttheyre is relatively fixed demand allows manufacturers to earn a more consistent and acceptable return on ttheyir capital investments. We expect that to be tthey case with tthey welded stainless steel pipe market. While decisions on Section 232 and related actions on imports have been delayed, we expect to eventually see some positive outcomes for tthey domestic pipe and tube industry.  Moving on to tthey Ctheymical Segment; tthey forecast for tthey second half of 2017 shows solid improvement over tthey first six months. Much of ttheir will be driven by production of a new fire retardant material at our CRI facility in South Rogerina. Capital expenditures have been completed for ttheir project and shipments began in tthey second half of July. We're also working on several additional products for tthey same customer and expect to obtain more business in tthey coming months. Finally, we remained focused on acquisitions with an addition to tthey ctheymical segment a high priority. Net debt by year end is projected at less than $20 million or about 1.2 times trailing EBITDA.  [Technical Difficulty] Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Your line is open.  Mike Hugtheys  Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, on -- how you're doing today? Craig Bram Very good. Mike Hugtheys Good. First on Palmer, can you just talk about tthey debottlenecking and your plans on that front, and how it preformed from a margin perspective in tthey quarter? Craig Bram Sure. We -- each month, starting in April and continuing so far in July, we've been able to push more throughput through tthey facility, and it's actually climbed to wtheyre we produced in July about $2.2 million of tank value that doesn't include tthey freight, and we shipped including freight about $2.8 million in tthey month of July. So, at that level, we're very, very close. In fact -- and we've exceeded some of tthey months in 2014 from a production standpoint. So we've been able to come up with an outsourced contractor to theylp with tthey paint and blast area, which has been tthey bottleneck in tthey past. We've also got our sub-arc welding system up and running in tthey large tank area. So we believe that we can produce tank values now each month in tthey $2.4 million to $2.5 million range, and again that's absent of any freight cost. As far as tthey margins go, I'm looking at Dennis now to give some input on ttheir. Material margins are running about 64% and our gross margins on that product line are running 12% to 13%, and EBITDA is about 10% at tthey $2 million a month level. So if we can push that up to $2.5 million, we would expect to return to EBITDA margins, 13% to 14% range.  Mike Hugtheys Okay. And I think on tthey last quarter call, you indicated that tthey backlog for Palmer included better pricing. Did that all flow through in tthey second quarter or could tthey -- from a pricing perspective things just improved more in tthey third quarter for Palmer? Craig Bram Yes. Pricing has continued to move up so you will see some improvement on that front in tthey third quarter as well. Tthey bookings, tthey $16 million of backlog does not include freight, so we're actually pushing close to $18 million. We have actually never had a backlog that high at Palmer since we owned tthey business.  Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn I think in tthey press release, did you -- I was a little confused, ttheyre was an indication that a recent order activity -- what have you seen as far as recent order activity at Palmer, I guess, is my question? Craig Bram It’s continued to be strong. We booked about $3.5 million in June, and do we have tthey July bookings handy, Dennis? Dennis Loughran I don’t have it. I’m sorry. Craig Bram Yes, we – Mike, we can pull that up for you. We don’t have that in front of us at tthey moment. But tthey bookings have continued to be strong. Tthey -- obviously wtheyn you start getting tthey plant filled up and your lead times go out beyond about 12 to 13 weeks, people are kind of having to shuffle stuff around a little bit, but we’ve got really strong relationships with Stheyll. Stheyll’s been a big booker for us so far ttheir year, and we are continuing to see a lot of activity with Occi and some of tthey ottheyr more recent participants in tthey Permian Basin.  Mike Hugtheys Okay.  Dennis Loughran It was $1.8 million booked in July.  Craig Bram Yes. $1.8 million was booked in July.  Mike Hugtheys Okay. Which was down from June and it’s probably inappropriate to look at it on a month-by-month basis but my understanding… Craig Bram I understand it was down and it depends on tthey size of tthey tanks that are being ordered and you may have a -- certainly product mix driven month to month.  Mike Hugtheys Okay. Because, you’re selling into tthey Permian which at $50 oil is very profitable, so tthey activity is still very robust ttheyre, correct? Craig Bram Yes. We have actually -- we’re starting to take orders that are going to take us out into tthey first half of 2018.  Mike Hugtheys Okay, terrific. And ttheyn can you just touch upon tthey industry consolidation. I think with Marcegaglia, your share moved to about 45%. I’m not overly familiar with tthey two players that you’ve mentioned and do you have a rough ballpark number on what -- wtheyre ttheyir share would fall out, and if you consider tthey acquirer a rationale player and what it could mean for pricing on a go-forward basis? Craig Bram Sure. Ttheir year, tthey North American market’s going to consume about 210 million pounds of welded stainless steel pipe. BRISMET and Marcegaglia combined will supply about 50 million of those pounds, and Ta Chin imports from ttheyir Taiwanese mills that combined with tthey output from tthey Wildwood facility is worth anottheyr 50 million pounds. So those two entities, BRISMET and Ta Chin, Primus Pipe and Tube will have roughly 50% of tthey entire North American consumption. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Had you defined tthey market differently in tthey past; I thought with Marcegaglia, your share was at 45%. Was that defining tthey market in a more narrow way? Craig Bram That’s looking just Mike, at domestic producers. So if you look at only tthey domestic mills, which would have been Outokumpu, Wildwood, BRISMET, both Bristol and Munhall, and Felker Brottheyrs and some of tthey ottheyr players, BRISMET would represent roughly 40% of that group. And ttheyn wtheyn you bring in tthey imports which includes about 42% penetration into tthey North American market, that would bring us down to about 25%.  Mike Hugtheys And is your understanding, tthey Section 332, if that happens would that cover ttheyse products? Craig Bram Yes. Section 232 has being quite a moving target from what Trump had initially talked about in tthey Secretary of Commerce. But tthey most recent information that we have is – and I think ttheir makes more sense; ttheyre are some countries that have been bad actors in terms of dumping and ottheyr anti-competitive moves and many of those countries are over in Asia.  You’re aware that we’ve had dumping suits in over tthey last 10 years against China, Vietnam, Malaysia, Thailand, India; those are tthey countries that have typically been bad actors wtheyn it comes to importing stainless steel pipe. So tthey most recent things that we’ve theyard is tthey potential duties -- excuse me, potential quotas and duties which focus on tthey Asian countries. Ttheyy would not impact tthey European countries who have not been bad actors, and ttheyn ttheyre might be some product-specific moves that would also be made. But we're not necessarily thinking that that’s around tthey corner, but it appears that, that is tthey direction tthey 232 is moving in. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn just two more questions for you. Tthey contingent consideration of Marcegaglia, tthey – I think it was $1.1 million or ttheyre about, did that flow through -- was that a charge in tthey income statement? Is that how tthey accounting works on that? Dennis Loughran No. Tthey -- because we're still in tthey one-year period of finalizing tthey acquisition accounting, it was purely a balance ttheyyet -- setting up a liability with an increase in tthey goodwill, which basically is wtheyre we retroactively recalculated that number for tthey information that was interpreted as we made tthey first quarter payment. So after you’ve finalized and confirmed with your auditors that you’re done, anything after that in one-year period would ttheyn hit tthey income statement for adjustment to that liability. Mike Hugtheys Okay, that makes sense. And ttheyn tthey last question just on that guidance for tthey year, I think you’re saying EBITDA’s $17 million now, you’ve already done $7.6 million in tthey first half implying $9.4 million for tthey second half. Your run rate for tthey second quarter is about $11 million, you’re expecting tthey ctheymicals business to get better in tthey second half from what you said about Palmer. From a margin perspective, at least it should get better in tthey second half, so is ttheyre still some conservatism in tthey guidance or ttheyre is something – a disconnect that I’m missing? Craig Bram Ttheyre’s probably a little bit of seasonality in that Q4, Mike. We expect Palmer’s Q4 because of tthey backlog to be resultant in revenue and EBITDA at higtheyr than what ttheyy would theirtorically be in Q4. But it’s also somewhat dependent on weattheyr, if tthey weattheyr gets cold too soon, it affects our ability to blast and paint. And so we're doing a few things now with tthey paint and blast shop, relatively minor CapEx may be a $100,000 to $150,000 to tighten up tthey paint and blast area so that wtheyn we -- if we do get some cold weattheyr it doesn’t seriously impact our throughput. But ttheyre is a little seasonality in ttheyre. And ttheyre may be a touch of conservatism but I’d say it’s more seasonality than tthey former. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from Charles Gold with BB&T. Your line is open. Charles Gold Thank you. Good morning, and congratulations on tthey improved quarter, great to see. Craig Bram Hey, Charles. Thank you. Charles Gold A year or so ago you bought ttheir used but very effective piece of equipment from Sweden, tthey large, thick-wall pipe machine, and I wonder how that’s been working. Have been – I know you could do all kinds of pipe on it. So what’s tthey productivity been on that compared to your projections? Craig Bram Yes, Charles, we in tthey first quarter of ttheir year and actually going into April, I think most of tthey shipments were completed in April may be early part of May. We had a large LNG project [Indiscernible] with tthey CB&I, and that was an interesting project for several reasons. Tthey value of tthey entire project was about $5 million but only a third of that was theyavy wall. But we couldn’t have gotten tthey entire project without tthey theyavy wall machine. So that's a good example of how by expanding tthey product line and our capabilities, we've been able to wrap up entire orders as opposed to getting eittheyr a portion of tthey order or losing out on tthey order completely. Tthey effectiveness of tthey equipment in that project was very good. Tthey margins were higtheyr than normal pipe diameter sizes and thickness as we expected it to be. I'd say tthey one downside is wtheyn you get a big project like that, you wind up with -- wtheyn you tie up tthey machine you can't do some of tthey quick-turn projects. Those quick-turn projects are – I liken ttheym to tthey specialty business in that wtheyn somebody needs a particular piece of pipe quickly to round out a project, ttheyy tend to be less price sensitive. And just like in our specialty pipe and tube business, it allows us to earn to better margins. So tthey good news is wtheyn you tie tthey press up on a project, you've got that steady revenue and margin but you also don't have tthey capacity wtheyn you’re doing that to handle some of tthey quick turn. Tthey ottheyr thing I would say is -- and ttheir gets back to some of tthey consolidation in tthey market, any market you're going to have disciplined and undisciplined participants. You’ve got some that are focused on ROI; you’ve got ottheyrs that are focused quite simply on survival. And at various times in tthey pipe industry, we've had companies that are disciplined in how ttheyy go about ttheyir business and ottheyrs that are really just trying to get by. With tthey Marcegaglia transaction, we not only improved our capabilities in that smaller OD market but we've added a lot of discipline to that part of tthey market. On tthey theyavy wall – and even trickling into some of tthey special alloy products, wtheyn you have undisciplined participants get into some of those markets, in some cases it's purely lack of education. Ttheyy don’t understand tthey end markets and it results in some issues in terms of how we go to tthey market collectively as an industry. And at tthey end of tthey day, I think tthey Ta Chin acquisition of Wildwood is a positive because it's anottheyr leader in tthey industry that's going to bring discipline to tthey product lines that tthey Wildwood plant typically focuses on, and that includes some of tthey larger diameter product lines. Ttheyy have a theyavy wall press similar to what we operate with and it took ttheym considerably longer to get ttheyirs up and running. I think ttheyy paid about $17 million for it.  But at tthey end of tthey day, we feel like what's going on in tthey theyavy wall market a lot of that is going to be tied to downstream energy projects. So we think that demand is going to get stronger overtime. But we're very pleased with how it's performed to date. We've gotten a good return on a short-term basis and we expect that to be tthey case as we look furttheyr out.  Charles Gold And tthey ottheyr question -- thank you for that, ottheyr question was about tthey theydging strategy. As I understood, you took tthey lid off so you had all tthey upside and you're buying puts to protect yourself on tthey downside. If that's correct or close to correct, did you collect on any of those puts so far, and you're going to continue that strategy?  Dennis Loughran  Charles, ttheir is Dennis. Yes, that's exactly accurate. Each month we layer on tthey next month's commitments at tthey locked-in levels around tthey 22nd, 23rd of tthey month. And so far we've had one trancthey payback about $85,000 wtheyn tthey prices had gone up and ttheyn ttheyy’ve gone down. So we're not in tthey money on any of tthey rest of ttheym.  Charles Gold But as I remember you were paying something like $25,000 a month, something like that? Dennis Loughran  Yes, as tthey percentage -- and as tthey prices have gone down tthey percentage on a – actually it says per pound basis has gone from about $0.14 a pound up to about $0.17 a pound. So it varies depending on how many pounds we commit to.  Charles Gold I am a big -- I love to root for things. So I always need to know what to root for. So I guess I’m still rooting for $5 and $6? Dennis Loughran  Yes, sir. Always.  Charles Gold Okay. Thank you very much.  Operator Thank you. And I’m showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram As always, thanks for your continuing support. And we look forward to reporting on Q3 in November. Thanks very much.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.