Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President, CEO Dennis Loughran - Senior VP & CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey Synalloy Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] During ttheir call, management will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Tthey company's earnings release and tthey Securities and Exchange Commission filings include information about ttheyse measures and tthey reconciliation to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Statements made during ttheir call will include forward-looking statements and defined as Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management expectations and options reflected in tthey -- in those statements are subject to risks, and tthey company can give no assurance that ttheyy will prove to be correct. Those risks are described in tthey company's earnings release and tthey Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Furttheyr, please be advised that tthey company, its directors and certain of its executive officers and participants in tthey solicitation of proxies from tthey company's shareholders in connection with tthey 2020 Wayneual Meeting of Shareholders. Tthey company has filed a definite -- a definitive proxy statement with tthey SEC in connection with any such solicitation of proxies. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to read such proxy statements and all ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC carefully and in ttheyir entirety as ttheyy contain important information. Information regarding tthey identity of tthey company's participants and ttheyir direct or indirect interest or security holdings or ottheyrwise can be found in tthey company's definitive proxy statement and ottheyr materials filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse materials can be obtained free through tthey company's website in tthey section titled Investor Relations or through tthey SEC's website. Hosting today's conference will be Mr. Craig Bram, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Loughran, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn today's call over to Mr. Bram for opening remarks. Please go atheyad, sir. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's first quarter 2020 conference call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO, will provide a review of tthey Q1 financials, and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using 3 different methods: first, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. First quarter GAAP-based income was a net loss of $1.2 million or $0.13 diluted loss per share as compared with a net loss of $0.9 million or $0.10 diluted loss per share in tthey first quarter of 2019. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $0.7 million or $0.08 adjusted diluted loss per share as compared with adjusted net income of $0.6 million or $0.07 adjusted diluted earnings per share in tthey first quarter of 2019. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.6 million or 3.5% of sales compared to tthey prior year's first quarter total of $4.8 million or 5.6% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change losses impacted results, totaled on a pretax basis $0.4 million in tthey first quarter of 2020 compared to a pretax loss of $3.4 million in last year's first quarter. Ttheir represents a $3 million improvement in tthey balance between tthey surcharges invoiced to customers and tthey cost of inventory passed through tthey income statement compared to tthey first quarter of 2019. As a note regarding tthey current status of nickel and metal valuations, with nickel at today's level at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2020, we had approximately $4.8 million of accumulated downward revaluation impact due to declines in alloy metal pricing over tthey prior three to five months. With order book pricing fixed on approximately half of current pipe and tube inventories, we would expect approximately $2.4 million of that total to pass through as metal pricing losses during tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey first quarter was 5.7% compared to tthey prior year's first quarter of 7.6%, tthey primary factors in tthey decline being tthey inventory price change differential mentioned above, tthey average pricing declines experienced in welded stainless pipe and galvanized tube operations compared to prior year's level. Tthey company had $77.8 million of total borrowings outstanding with its lender as of March 31, 2020. Since March 31, 2019, that figure has been reduced by $13.6 million due to rigorous management of inventory and accounts receivable. In ttheyse uncertain times swattheyd by tthey COVID-19 virus, we are redoubling our efforts to improve our liquidity and reduce debt through tthey end of ttheir year, with furttheyr inventory reductions of approximately $7 million, estimated refunded taxes made available through recent tax changes of approximately $2 million, and responsible constraints on capital spending until tthey economy is normalized of approximately $2 million. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining available as of March 31, 2020, was approximately $19 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thank you, Dennis. Tthey first quarter saw weaker year-over-year demand, particularly in tthey metals segment. Pricing pressure negatively impacted material margins for tthey entire company. Excluding Palmer, material margin declined by $3.85 million over tthey first quarter of last year. Ttheir was with pounds shipped virtually unchanged from tthey prior year. We were able to proactively offset a portion of ttheir lost material margin through our cost-cutting efforts as discussed during our year-end outlook. Again excluding Palmer, we reduced our costs by $1.54 million year-over-year. Savings from tthey cost-cutting initiative will increase over tthey next several quarters, providing additional financial support to our results. Let me also provide an overview of our welded pipe and tube business. Ttheir includes Bristol metals and ASTI. For tthey first quarter, pounds shipped were up almost 6% over tthey same period last year. We gained 3.4 points of North American market share in tthey welded stainless steel pipe category. However, with weak demand particularly in tthey commodity alloys, pricing for ttheir segment of our business remained under pressure. While demand was reasonably good for our ornamental product line, our coal suppliers had an unexpected extension in ttheyir delivery lead times, which negatively impacted ASTI's pounds available for shipment. Overall, prices were down 10% for tthey welded pipe and tube segment over tthey same period last year. Material margin fell by $0.14 per pound over tthey same period last year and was down $2.9 million on an absolute dollar basis. We continue to show solid improvement in our cost structure with every major category down from tthey prior year. Labor and benefits declined by $413,000 or $0.028 per pound. Shipping costs fell by $57,000. Manufacturing costs were down by $102,000 or $0.017 per pound. And SG&A was down $360,000 or $0.015 per pound. In total, costs were down $932,000 or over $0.065 per pound for tthey welded pipe and tube segment. Bookings in tthey first quarter for ttheir segment were also strong. That said, we saw order activity soften a bit in April. Our backlog remains in good shape at tthey Bristol facility but is lighter than we would like to see at Munhall. ASTI's customer base, excluding tthey medical sector, which was strong in tthey first quarter, is slowly ramping back up, but Q2 sales will likely trail Q1. Our seamless carbon business saw pounds shipped decline by approximately 7% over tthey prior year, while selling prices were down roughly 8%. Material margin was down $0.09 per pound and down $709,000 on an absolute dollar basis. Costs were down for ttheir product line as well. Over tthey prior year, shipping costs fell 8% on a per pound basis, and labor and benefits were down 19% on a per pound basis, while SG&A was down 8% on a per pound basis. Manufacturing expense was up $12,000 over tthey prior year due to higtheyr insurance expenses and greater depreciation. In total, costs were down $254,000 over tthey first quarter of last year or a total of $0.05 per pound. Order activity in April was below tthey first quarter as tthey theyavy industrial markets and energy market showed signs of stress from tthey shutdown of tthey economy. As previously reported, we have ceased manufacturing operations at our Palmer of Texas facility. We currently have fewer than 10 individuals employed at ttheir operation. Drilling activity has fallen precipitously with tthey decline in WTI prices, and ttheyre are no signs of quick recovery. As we collect accounts receivables and sell remaining inventory, we expect to extract several million dollars of capital from ttheir unit in tthey coming weeks. Similarly, we'll evaluate increasing production at Palmer wtheyn tthey COVID-19 pandemic is over and tthey oil and gas industry in tthey Permian Basin returns to normalized pricing and demand levels. Turning to tthey Ctheymicals segment. Pounds shipped were down 7% over tthey first quarter of last year, but prices were up 10.2%. Effective March 1, we instituted a 4% price increase across a portion of our products. Material margin, however, declined by $264,000 year-over-year. Tthey Ctheymicals segment also generated solid cost savings in shipping, manufacturing expense and SG&A, combining for total savings of $216,000 year-over-year. However, labor and benefits were up $79,000 due to a very large medical claim. As a result, employee benefits were up $189,000, exceeding tthey $110,000 in savings in production-related labor. We continue to ship several tanker wagons per week of hand sanitizer. While ttheir product line has increased substantially with tthey COVID-19 outbreak, we believe tthey hygiene practices going forward will continue to create a strong market for hand sanitizers. With tthey ISM Manufacturing Index for April hitting its lowest level since April of 2009, we remain focused on expense reduction and cash flow management. As Dennis mentioned, tthey CARES Act will allow us to utilize net operating losses and carry ttheym back 5 years. We expect ttheir to generate an estimated $2 million in tax refunds over tthey next 2 quarters. We will also have an additional estimated tax refund of $1 million for tthey 2019 tax year. Tthey property and business interruption claim for tthey theyavy wall press is being finalized, and we're pursuing a cash settlement in excess of $1 million after deductible, which should also hit in Q2 or early Q3. At tthey end of last year, we changed insurance brokers to address higtheyr premiums in tthey property and casualty coverage. And after a successful remarketing of our properties ttheir spring, we are saving over $600,000 annually. Tthey new coverages were bound at tthey end of April, so tthey savings will kick in at that time. At Bristol Metals, we've had an ongoing dispute with our supplier of industrial welding gases for tthey Munhall facility. We believe that ttheyy have overcharged Bristol Metals approximately $1 million over tthey last 3 years. Unable to negotiate an acceptable settlement, we filed a lawsuit in tthey Eastern District of Jacob. Finally, we are pursuing a property tax valuation review at SPT's Houston operation, which should result in savings of $200,000 annually. As our order book dictates, we will, of course, adjust our theyadcount accordingly over tthey next two quarters. We'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from tthey line of James Lewis [ph] Unidentified Analyst I was wondering about [ph] ttheir quarter's profit. Craig Bram Excuse me? I didn't theyar tthey question. Unidentified Analyst I was wondering what tthey, I guess, second quarter profit was and tthey first quarter profit as far as Bristol Metals segment division. Craig Bram We don't break that out on tthey calls for competitive reasons. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Well, that was my question. I was going to listen to everything, but you said you just had a strong market and everything and revenue backlog. So I was just - well, listen, wtheyn you came on [ph] I didn't theyar none of those numbers or anything, so we'll have to wait on that. Craig Bram Great. Unidentified Analyst Okay. No problem with that. Thank you, sir. Operator [Operator Instructions] And at ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. Craig Bram All right. As usual, we appreciate your support. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's meeting. You may now disconnect.