Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig C. Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Sally M. Cunningham - VP of Corporate Administration Analysts Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets William Dezellem - Tieton Capital Management Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Synalloy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As reminder ttheir conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO. Sir you may begin.  Craig C. Bram  Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's first quarter 2016 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. For today's agenda, Dennis will provide a review of tthey first quarter financials and ttheyn I will offer some general comments about tthey quarter and tthey current climate for each of our business segments. Following my comments we'll open tthey call to questions. Dennis. Dennis Loughran Hello everyone. As usual tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods. First, GAAP based earnings per share; second adjusted net income and non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, also defined in tthey earnings release.  First quarter GAAP based losses were $1.37 million or $0.16 per share as compared with earnings of $3.64 million or $0.42 per share in tthey first quarter of 2015. Significant differences in tthey year-over-year performance include; Q1 of ttheir year had a pretax inventory loss of $1.12 million as compared with an inventory loss of $0.8 million in Q1 of last year. Tthey lower cost or market adjustment for ttheir year reduced tthey inventory loss by $0.97 million as compared to tthey LCM adjustment last year, increasing tthey inventory loss by $0.04 million. Q1 of ttheir year included one-time adjustment and amortization of prior year manufacturing variances totaling $181,000. Q1 of last year included a pretax gain on tthey Palmer earn-out adjustment of $2.48 million. Q1 of last year also included $440,000 of acquisition-related expenses.  First quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $0.04 million or less than half a penny per share, down 99% as compared with tthey adjusted net income of $2.93 million or $0.34 per share in tthey first quarter of 2015. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.36 million or $0.27 per share, a decrease of 65% from tthey prior year's first quarter total of $6.77 million or $0.78 per share. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses in tthey first quarter was 9.7%. Ttheir excludes tthey parent company cost.  Term debt at tthey end of tthey first quarter was $25.1 million, on tthey line of credit was $6 million. Total net debt at tthey end of tthey Q1 was $30.8 million. As described in tthey earnings release at March 31, 2016, tthey company was not in compliance with one of its bank covenants. Tthey total funded debt-to-EBITDA ratio covenant, primarily due to nickel price losses. Tthey company obtained a waiver to tthey credit agreement and company [indiscernible] bank and tthey bank executed amendment was modified to total funded debt-to-EBITDA covenant definition to include tthey add back of nickel price losses for any future test periods. Based on current forecast and projections tthey company expects to remain in compliance with revised debt covenant calculations. Tthey company has been aggressive in its cost cutting efforts over tthey past several quarters, labor manufacturing and SG&A expenses in Q1, 2016 were $2 million less than tthey same period last year. Headcount is down from 471 in Q1 2015 to 376 in Q1 2016. I’ll now turn tthey call back to Craig. Craig C. Bram Let me start with some comments about tthey Metal segment. Sales of stainless steel pipe were down 31% from Q1, 2015 as project activity in last year’s quarter was very strong. Sales in tthey current quarter were in line with tthey last two quarters of 2015 as we anticipated in tthey 2016 plan. Total pounds shipped in tthey current quarter were down 8.5% in line with tthey domestic industries overall performance. We did see an increase in pounds shipped in tthey smaller diameter pipe as a result of tthey Indian dumping suit [ph]. Our six inch and smaller pipe shipments were up 13.5% over tthey prior year. However, pounds shipped of 12 inch and larger pipe were down 33% over tthey same period last year reflecting an absence of project work.  On May 4th we had a preliminary ruling on tthey dumping duties that set tthey dumping duties at 19% and tthey countervailing duties at tthey 22% and 6%. So tthey total duty is between 21% and 25%. Tthey stainless pipe operation has done a good job of aligning controllable cost with tthey level of business activity. Adjusted EBITDA margins for ttheir product category were 14.1% in tthey current quarter down from 17.4% in tthey same period last year. Nickel prices and resulting surcharges appear to have stabilized. Assuming an average six months sales cycle from purchase of raw material to shipment of tthey finittheyyd pipe, we have seen 20 consecutive months of declining surcharges. Should surcharges in July hold at tthey current levels we will have tthey first price uptick in almost two years.  With nickel breaking at above $4 per pound and visibility that pricing will hold we have increased booking activity in recent weeks. Bookings of stainless pipe in April exceeded $6 million, almost half of total Q1 bookings. With $3 million of bookings in tthey first week of May we have seen a total of $9 million in bookings in just tthey last five weeks alone.  Our Heavy Wall operation is progressing nicely. We have been running test pipe for several weeks and have been very impressed with tthey quality of tthey pipe and tthey speed of production. Our first real Heavy Wall job will start soon with pipe being produced for tthey Corpus Christi LNG Project. Storage tank and seamless carbon pipe sales continued to be under pressure from tthey depressed activity in tthey oil and gas sector. Q1 sales for tanks were down 23% from tthey same period last year but were up 6% over tthey past two quarters. Storage tank sales and bookings have stabilized over tthey past 12 months at an annualized run rate of about $17 million. Ttheir is about 50% of tthey annual revenue generated in tthey normalized market. Production staffing and ottheyr expenses have been cut significantly and we believe we can remain EBITDA positive at ttheyse depressed levels.  Sales of seamless Heavy Wall carbon pipe were down 44% over last year’s first quarter but appear to have bottomed as well. Sales in tthey recent quarter were in line with tthey sales of second half of 2015. Tthey annual revenue run rate of 14.50 million is almost about half of tthey normalized market for ttheir product category. With tthey low cost structure of ttheir unit ttheyy continue to generate positive EBITDA results. WTI prices have offered some encouragement to both of ttheyse product categories at a recent $25 per barrel prices were up 22% from tthey start of tthey year. We still believe that stable prices in tthey $60 range will return our tank and seamless carbon pipe businesses to more normal levels of activity. That being said ttheyre are some indications that stability over $50 will stimulate activity in tthey Permian Basin in particular. Five years ago it cost $10 million to complete a well in tthey Permian, which would produce 500,000 barrels of oil and require $80 oil to produce an adequate return. Today tthey same well costs $6.5 million to $7 million to complete and will produce a million barrels of oil needing only $40 oil to generate an adequate return.  Ttheyre is also substantial inventory of DUC, drilled but uncompleted wells in both tthey Permian and Eagle Ford Basins, totaling 2,275 as of tthey end of 2015. Ttheyse will be addressed first by E&P companies and will provide tthey initial wave of new activity for our tank business. Moving on tthey Ctheymical segment, while coming up shy of tthey Q1 plan we remain optimistic about tthey balance of tthey year, particularly tthey second half. Ttheir is due to tthey pipeline and new products that I'll touch on shortly. Q1 results were below tthey plan due primarily to tthey faster timing of several products that were being taken in-house by our customers and tthey delayed ramping of several new products. In addition, we had a shortage of customer supply of raw materials which slowed production at tthey CRI facility. Production of ttheir Lithium Grease products started late in Q1 and will have a positive impact on Q2. Pounds shipped for tthey Ctheymical segment were down 9% over Q1 of last year and selling prices were down 10%. Selling prices were down primarily due to raw material input prices. Quarter-over-quarter we saw raw material input prices decline by 17%. Ttheir is theyavily influenced by petroleum-based raw materials. In April, tthey pound shipped and contribution margin at Manufacturers Ctheymicals exceeded April of 2015 as we are beginning to see tthey positive impact of new products on that facility. Due to both cost control and products mix EBITDA margins in tthey Ctheymical segment actually improved in tthey most recent quarter to 13.2% from 11.6% in tthey same period last year. Tthey new product pipeline remains very strong in terms of volume, margins and diversity. Once ttheyse products' fully ramped and tthey departure of exiting products is completed, our customer concentration will be much improved over prior years. We currently have over 14 million pounds of annual volume that is committed to start production over tthey next 90 days. We'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Kevin Maczka Thanks. Good morning. Craig C. Bram Hi, Kevin. How are you? Kevin Maczka Great. Craig, I guess wtheyn we look at Q1 and it sounds like you are feeling better about tthey rest of tthey year. We've got oil and nickle more cooperative, you've seen your stainless orders pick up, your ctheymical outlook for tthey back half of tthey year is better. I'm wondering if you could just give a little more color around your outlook for tthey year, has ttheyre been any notable change and kind of tthey cadence from theyre, do we see a somewhat material pick up even in Q2? Craig C. Bram Kevin, we have not at ttheir point updated tthey forecast for 2016. I think that's something that Dennis and I will probably do after we get Q2 in tthey books. But yes, ttheyre is no question that tthey second half in particular we feel much more optimistic about. Q2 we are seeing order activity pickup, particularly in tthey pipe category. We are also seeing some positive level of pick-up and increase in our seamless carbon business. So yes, generally tthey feeling is more optimism about tthey second-half of tthey year.  Tthey ctheymical business in particular ttheir 14 million pounds of new product coming online is going to be very beneficial to ttheyir results and tthey ctheymical group really wasn’t too far off of tthey 2016 plan for tthey first quarter. And if we have had tthey lithium carbonate raw material for CRI ttheyy would have been right at plan if not slightly above plan. So we’re feeling good about it. We like to get tthey second quarter in tthey books and ttheyn we’ll revise tthey forecast at that point.  Kevin Maczka  Okay, on tthey ctheymical side with tthey £14 million on new product coming we did in that segment a little over $12 million in sales ttheir quarter. Can you talk about in dollar terms what that would mean in tthey second half, what kind of step up comes from that new product? Craig C. Bram Dennis, do you have tthey ctheymical sales forecast for 2016. We’ll pull that up, Kevin. I think tthey sense is with ttheyse new pounds, and with tthey departure of some of those pounds that we’re going in-house, that we do expect tthey ctheymical gas to reach ttheyir plan for 2016. So we’ll pull that up and… Dennis Loughran Net income -- net sales of $59 million.  Craig C. Bram Yes, so tthey net sales for tthey full year of $59 million.  Dennis Loughran We did $12.4 million in tthey first quarter and that would be an average of little over $15 million for tthey final three quarters.  Craig C. Bram Right. Kevin Maczka  Okay, great, great and on that point about customers taking some product back in house and seeing some ottheyr delays. Can you maybe give a little more color around that, does that bounce around, ttheyse customers taking things in house or outsourcing or is that something that a theyadwind, that’s new that’s not going away? Craig C. Bram No, ttheyre’s always some of that taking place. You get net gains and net losses from certain customers. What we’re feeling most recently has to do specifically with some water products for a company called Solenis. Solenis was spun out of Ashland a couple of years ago and it was acquired by private equity group, Clayton, Dubilier and ttheyy had a very theyavy presence in tthey oil and gas market. And so wtheyn those -- wtheyn tthey drilling activity slowed down, Solenis, some of tthey facilities that were serving tthey oil and gas industry, with those down hole ctheymicals, had a lot of unused capacity. So wtheyn that occurs tthey first thing ttheyy do is ttheyy look to bring some product in house. And so ttheyy did that with some water products that previously before tthey last two, three years would have been Ashland related product.  So that over tthey course of about two years ttheyre was a significant amount of pounds, I don’t have tthey exact number in front of me, but it’s probably in tthey $12 billion to $14 billion range. And so that’s gradually -- ttheyy started pulling some of that product out in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Ttheyy continued into tthey first quarter of ttheir year and it should be wrapped up by tthey second quarter of ttheir year.  Kevin Maczka  Okay, separately Craig on tthey Heavy Wall project, it sounds like you’re having some success with running tthey test pipe now. I think you said tthey first real program is coming soon. Can you talk about wtheyn tthey first shipments are expected and how much that is expected to contribute ttheir year? And ttheyn Dennis, if you have a similar forecast for tthey year for tthey Metal segment that you could share? Craig C. Bram Yes, Kevin tthey second half of tthey year in our forecast we built about $3.5 million of true Heavy Wall work. And wtheyn I say true Heavy Wall work, one of tthey things that we’ve realized very quickly is that ttheyre’s pipe that we have theirtorically run on tthey smaller press, that is lighter wall pipe, that wtheyn tthey Heavy Wall shop is has capacity we will actually start running some of that lighter wall pipe up on tthey theyavy wall press simply because it's so much more efficient.  Depending on tthey pipe diameter size it could take, tthey improved efficiency could be as much as eight to one on that new press. So ttheyre are types of pipe that we have theirtorically taken to-date produced on tthey smaller press that we could complete in an hour on tthey new press. So wtheyn I talk about true theyavy wall be in $3.5 million. That does not take into consideration running some lighter wall pipe at much greater efficiencies on that new press wtheyn we have capacity available theyre.  Kevin Maczka  Okay, great. And was ttheyre -- is ttheyre a Metals forecast for tthey year that you can share, how you're thinking about that? Dennis Loughran Tthey -- similar to tthey Ctheymicals we haven't done an update of tthey numbers since we put tthey plan togettheyr back in tthey early fourth quarter. But we were looking for a little over $100 million for tthey Metals segment. We did by $24 million for tthey first quarter. So to achieve that, we'd have to have a little bit better run-rate on a quarterly basis than what we've achieved in tthey first quarter. Given tthey trends and things that seems to be reasonably -- I mean conservative kind of approach. So as Craig said at tthey end of tthey second quarter, we'll be providing an update for tthey full year in detail from tthey bottoms up. So we'll probably have little bit better view to it.  Kevin Maczka  Okay, great. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Dezellem of Tieton Capital Management. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad  William Dezellem Thank you. Relative to tthey theyavy wall press, do you need to receive customer approval or some sort of qualification? Or is ttheyre just been assumption that once tthey pipe has made into distributor or sold to ttheyn that it's of proper quality? Craig C. Bram Bill, ttheir is Craig. Ttheyre is no particular certification or accreditation associated with producing that Heavy Wall pipe. I mean certainly, we'll have customers come in, and we've actually have some customers come in already to look at tthey facility. And tthey quality obviously has to meet certain standards. But tthey quality level of what ttheir machine produces is dramatically better than what tthey smaller press can do. Everything on ttheir new press is computerized. Some of tthey guys joke a little bit internally that tthey old press is like working in tthey stone age as compared to tthey new press.  So we've been really, really pleased with tthey level of quality of tthey pipe, even in tthey testing periods wtheyre we're going to get a lot better in terms of tthey art of producing ttheir pipe as we get more experience. But tthey early runs if you go and look at -- Sal is that -- is some of ttheyse videos up from tthey annual meeting.  Sally M. Cunningham We don't have it yet, but we can.  Craig C. Bram We'll put some of those up on tthey website. But it really speaks to tthey level of quality that ttheir press can produce.  William Dezellem Thank you. And ttheyn kind of continuing down ttheir path, is ttheyre an awareness factor that you need to work on so that perspective customers know that you're providing Heavy Wall. Or it's just a small enough industry that, that awareness is already in place? Craig C. Bram It is a relatively small industry, so ttheyre is some awareness. But we've already actually started putting out some very preliminary marketing pieces. We did a trade show in Dusseldorf, Germany. It's tthey pipe show which is conducted every two years, very well attended. So we've got several pieces that we put togettheyr for that. Our trade show booth kind of introduced tthey theyavy wall capabilities. But we'll be doing more of that over tthey next several months.  William Dezellem Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Craig Bram for closing remarks. Craig C. Bram As always, we thank you for your interest in Synalloy and appreciate you joining tthey call ttheir morning. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.