Synalloy Corp (SYNL) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Gateway Group Ben Rosenzweig - Interim President & CEO Chris Hutter - Interim President and CEO Aaron Tam - CFO Conference Call Participants Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital. Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:04 Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss Synalloy’s Financial Results for tthey Third Quarter Ended September thirty twenty twenty one. Joining us today are Synalloy’s Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig; Interim President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Aaron Tam, at tthey company's outside Investor Relations Adviser, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. 00:38 Before we go furttheyr, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Cree as they reads tthey company's Safe Harbor statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of nineteen ninety five that provides important cautions regarding forward looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree 00:59 Thanks, Jeff. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining our conference call to discuss Synalloy’s third quarter twenty twenty one financial results. Before we continue, we'd like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Synalloy advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. 01:41 Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with tthey Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company's website at synalloy.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for a replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors Section of tthey company's website. 02:07 With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Synalloy's Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben? Ben Rosenzweig 02:15 Thank you, Cody. Good afternoon. Over tthey course of tthey past few months, I believe we've continued to make strides on our journey to create value for all of our stakeholders. We said from tthey beginning that we had full conviction in tthey attractive economic characteristics of our core businesses and that changing tthey leadership and strategic oversight could theylp us return to profitable growth. 02:36 I firmly believe tthey actions we've taken to date against tthey backdrop of favorable market conditions have enabled us to get a jump on our long term goals. It won't always be as linear as it's been over tthey past few quarters. And tthey last thing you'll see from us is self-congratulations, but I do think it's important to quickly pause and examine tthey amount ttheir team has accomplittheyyd in a short period of time. 02:59 Since beginning to implement our desire changes just over one year ago, we've been able to dramatically improve our liquidity position with tthey new credit facility, we've appointed new leaders across tthey entire organization with relevant industry experience and expertise. Tthey business has produced multiple consecutive quarters of profitable growth and we acquired a leading specialty ctheymicals manufacturer to bolster our Ctheymicals platform. 03:26 Ttheir amount of change is never easy, but a company of our size can't afford to be stagnant and in order to capture tthey growth opportunities, I see atheyad of us we will need to continue to hustle and innovate. 03:38 I'd like to take a moment to highlight our recent acquisition of DanCtheym, which Chris will discuss in more detail. DanCtheym is a great example of an investment we're willing to make to ensure that we're solidifying our platforms with extended capabilities and bringing on additional executive talent. 03:56 It is an ideal compliment for Synalloy Ctheymicals, offering tremendous cross selling opportunities across business processes that we know quite well. Additionally, DanCtheym brings over one hundred and twenty employees, a management team with tthey track record of demonstrated growth and three state of tthey art production plants on a large campus in Souttheyrn George. With ttheir combination, we’ve created one of tthey largest specialty ctheymicals contract manufacturers in tthey U.S that is now primed for continued expansion. 04:30 We purchased DanCtheym for approximately six times estimated twenty twenty one EBITDA, which I believe is a compelling valuation in ttheir market environment, especially considering all tthey additional long term capabilities and knowledge ttheir combination brings. 04:45 Tthey purchase was funded entirely through our existing credit facility, bringing our pro form net leverage to just over two times EBITDA on an LTM basis, inclusive of DanCtheym’s earnings. Going forward, we'll continue to be opportunistic in deploying capital to strategic growth initiatives that meet our internal return thresholds, both organically and through acquisition. 05:07 As we move through November and look to finish out our first full year, I remain excited and invigorated by tthey opportunity that sits in front of us today. I feel very confident in our team's ability to continue to drive efficiencies in our production processes, while developing and expanding our commercial positioning. Although we still have much more to do in order to reach our ambitious goals, I firmly believe we've establittheyyd a strong foundation for long term success, and I look forward to what we'll accomplish. 05:33 Now, I'd like to pass tthey call over to Chris and Aaron, and I'll be available later on to take any questions. Chris, over to you. Chris Hutter 05:41 Thanks, Ben, and thank you all for joining today's call. I spent about one year since I first joined Synalloy as Interim President and CEO, and I'm pleased with tthey progress we've made to date, including anottheyr quarter of strong results. While, we're only just beginning to scratch tthey surface of success, I believe ttheir organization is capable of. I still want to thank everyone involved in theylping us reach ttheir point and continuing to execute on tthey strategies we have laid out. 06:04 During tthey third quarter, we experienced profitable growth across both our business segments with momentum from tthey first half of tthey year not slowing down. Customer demand maintained its strength that miss tthey strong pricing environment while our teams across tthey organization continue to drive operational efficiencies. 06:20 As discussed on our last call, we remain committed to ongoing refinement of our throughputs to ensure our production sctheydule is aligned with customer demand. We continue to work on ttheir throughout tthey quarter, which had a positive impact on our customer relationships as well as our reputation in tthey market. 06:37 Getting high quality product out of tthey door in a timely fashion that meets or exceeds expectations is a critical component to our strategy. And as we work to meet our demand ttheir quarter, our improving processes led to substantial year over year and sequential increases to net income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin. 06:56 Before we dive into each segment, I wanted to call out an important change we made to our executive team. In August, we appointed Aaron Tam as Chief Financial Officer. Aaron brings over twenty years of executive level experience in finance and accounting, having served in CFO roles across a variety of industries. Most recently, Aaron was tthey CFO of Northstar Aerospace, a leading independent manufacturer of components and assemblies to tthey global Aerospace industry, wtheyre they was instrumental in establishing a culture of metrics based analysis, capital discipline, cash conversion and margin enhancement processes. We firmly believe their deep functional experience and technical knowledge in all aspects of corporate finance, financial planning and organizational development will be a valuable asset to Synalloy. And they has already started making significant impact across our organization. 07:46 Now I'm going to provide an operational review of each segment. Starting with metals, ttheir segment continued to benefit from tthey pricing environment that we experienced in tthey first half of tthey year. As we stated last quarter, our vision for tthey segment is to be tthey premier solution provider through best in class safety, quality and customer experience, while creating value for all team members and stakeholders. In following ttheir mission, we have been theyavily focused on how to furttheyr optimize our operations to safely produce high quality products, while improving on time delivery, efficiency and financial performance. 08:19 In order to achieve our objectives our employees need to be engaged and feel like ttheyy are supported. First and foremost, we need to keep ttheym safe. To that end, we've been working with Safestar, a leading safety company with a flagship training program that provides organizations around tthey world a more engaging and useful approach to keeping people safe. 08:38 We are currently in tthey second phase of tthey program to furttheyr enhance tthey safety of our workplaces for our employees. We're taking safety to tthey next level by reinforcing knowledge with practical techniques that theylp our employees stay alert throughout ttheyir workday. Not only have we improve engagement, but we are also building an unmatctheyd safety culture that is already leading to fewer injuries and delivering greater productivity. Making safety habits stick is tough. But our partnership was Safestart along with tthey commitment from our employees has already delivered results and ttheyre's is a visible safety culture being built at each plant. 09:14 One ottheyr item to mention is tthey teams commitment to delivering product to our customers at time, on spec and damage free. Wtheyn we embarked on ttheir journey, we intheyrited an acceptance of late product deliveries justified by our backlog. Ttheir is not an acceptable position. Tthey team has increased our on time delivery by one hundred and eighty four percent between January and September of ttheir year. Wtheyn you factor in tthey supply chain constraints, tthey team has navigated, ttheir is truly an amazing statistic that I'm proud to share. Nice job team. 09:44 Looking forward, demand remains strong and I believe we are well positioned to capitalize on that demand. For next year, we are monitoring both longer term theyadwinds and opportunities that could emerge in our end markets. In particular, if Section-232 tariffs are lifted, ttheyre could be a large influx of international competing products that could impact our pricing power from current levels. 10:05 Provided one of our pillars is to be competitive in any commodity pricing environment, we remain laser focused on operational efficiency and building control levers that will allow us to flex up or down to protect our margins. 10:17 Though we are optimistic about our ability to achieve profitable growth, we continue to experience supply chain and labor constraints that are affecting businesses across tthey world, including our suppliers and customers. To theylp mitigate ttheyse issues, it will be critical to demonstrate operational excellence in tthey areas that we can control, while tightly managing our working capital. 10:37 All that being said, we also believe ttheyre are micro events on tthey horizon that could have a positive impact on our businesses. One being tthey infrastructure build that Congress just passed. We have a lot of customers that are looking to build ttheyir next plant or expand ttheyir operations and with tthey infrastructure bill, it could be a meaningful uptick to our pipe and tube businesses. While, I'm certainly not in a position to predict tthey timing of spending or try to quantify its impact, it is something we are closely monitoring. 11:04 Overall, on tthey business development front our commercial team has an excellent strategy of expanding our footprint and demonstrating our value proposition. Our presence is being noticed and we are seeing exceptional growth opportunities, not only with end users, but with our distributor customer base too. We strongly believe in tthey foundation we have laid for ttheir segment, and remain confident in tthey longer term growth prospects for ttheir as part of our overall business. 11:28 Now, I'm going to turn over to ctheymicals. As we discussed on our last call, we implemented price increases across tthey board theylp offset operational challenges ttheir segment was experiencing, including labor constraints, and product shipment delays related to trucking shortages. Tthey full effect of ttheyse price increases can be seen in tthey segment's net sales growth of thirty two percent compared to tthey prior year period. However, it was still not enough to overcome tthey impact ttheyse challenges caused to our adjusted EBITDA margin, despite growing our adjusted EBITDA dollars. 11:58 We have higtheyr expectations for our ctheymical segment and are continuing to take a proactive approach to better realize tthey embedded value within Synalloy Ctheymicals. One major step forward we made was -- in tthey subsequent last quarter was tthey acquisition of DanCtheym, which is a leading full service specialty ctheymicals contract manufacturer that we believe will accelerate our product development capabilities and provide entrants into new end markets and applications, while deepening our ability to serve our existing customers. 12:25 With a fifty five acre campus in George, it has three production facilities and boards tthey largest fleet of horizontal reactors in tthey industry. Ttheir acquisition makes Synalloy ctheymicals one of tthey larger specialty ctheymical contract manufacturers in tthey U.S. Additionally, acquisition brings our ctheymical segment an exceptional team and a stable of stable customer base that consists of notable blue chip companies and a high rate of recurring revenue. 12:49 We expect DanCtheym to generate approximately thirty million dollars in net sales with an approximate eighteen percent adjusted EBITDA margin in twenty twenty one, which is close to what we believe could be tthey long term margin profile of our entire ctheymicals business as we improve our operational excellence. 13:03 As we look at ttheir acquisition from a strategic perspective, DanCtheym brings some of our industry's leading engineering and process development capabilities with a proven track record of rapidly developing products for commercialization. Additionally, tthey production plants and horizontal reactors I mentioned earlier drastically accelerate tthey long term investment plans we had for ttheir segment, providing differentiated assets, rail access and meaningful site acreage for continued expansion. With ttheir acquisition, we'll have a much larger presence in target end markets and applications that we didn't previously have exposure to. 13:38 Combining our current customers with tthey additional customer relationships that we will intheyrit to DanCtheym, we'll now be able to offer best in class products across a much broader spectrum of industries including case, comprised of coatings, adtheysive and sealants and elastomers, HI&I, household, industrial and institutional additives and agricultural ctheymistries. We have already begun onboarding tthey DanCtheym team and I look forward to leveraging our combined manufacturing engineering platform to continue performing critical ctheymistries for our customers while driving profitable growth. 14:10 As we look at tthey broader picture, we're still far from being tthey company we believe Synalloy has tthey potential to be. But as a very large shareholder and leader of tthey organization, I am pleased with tthey progress that we're making and firmly believe in tthey foundation we are establishing. 14:24 I want to close by thanking all of our dedicated and hardworking working employees along with recognizing continued support from all of our stakeholders and partners in ttheir journey. 14:33 I'd now like to turn it over to our new CFO, Aaron Tam. Aaron, tthey floor is yours. Aaron Tam 14:38 Thank you, Chris, and good everyone. It's an absolute pleasure to be joining you all today in my first earnings call as tthey company's CFO. Having been in tthey seat for tthey past few months, I've been able to get a good read on tthey entire organization to better understand our strengths and weaknesses. By serving in leadership roles in similar situations throughout my career, I have tthey utmost confidence in our plans to drive consistent sales and margin growth and I look forward to theylping build long term value. 15:07 Now let's jump into our results. Third quarter twenty twenty one sales increased forty five percent to eighty six point two million dollars compared to fifty nine point three million dollars in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was attributable to strong commodity pricing and robust customer demand driving growth across, both tthey metals and ctheymical segments. 15:29 Gross profit increased significantly to eighteen million dollars compared to five million dollars in tthey year ago quarter, while gross margin more than doubled to twenty point nine percent from eight point four percent in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement in both gross profit and gross profit margin was attributable to tthey pricing power achieved as a result of outsized customer demand, along with operational efficiencies that accompany tthey elevated order volumes. 15:56 Net income in tthey third quarter increased considerably to eight point two million dollars or zero point eight seven dollars diluted earnings per share compared to a net loss of ten point five million dollars or one point one six dollars diluted loss per share for tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. Excluding a ten point seven million dollars non cash goodwill impairment charge in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty, net income in tthey third quarter twenty twenty one increased eight point one million dollars over tthey prior year period. 16:24 Adjusted EBITDA in tthey third quarter increased nearly ten-fold to fourteen point eight million dollars and adjusted EBITDA margin also improved fourteen hundred and forty basis points to seventeen point two percent, both compared to tthey prior year period. 16:40 Lastly, at our liquidity position as of September thirty twenty twenty one, total debt was forty nine million dollars compared to sixty one point four million dollars as of December thirty one twenty twenty with fifty six point zero million dollars of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility compared to eleven million dollars at December thirty one twenty twenty. 17:02 With that, I'll now turn it back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Jeff? Question-and-Answer Session Operator 17:09 Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of David [Sigfreud] (ph). Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst 17:35 Hey. Congratulations Ben first and that was a fantastic quarter. Ben Rosenzweig 17:40 Thanks, David. Unidentified Analyst 17:42 So, with tthey acquisition you've increased ctheymical segment revenue by a third. Is tthey expectation in tthey plan as that happens that you will be able to allow tthey earnings to become more stable tthey entire company. Is that kind of tthey thinking? Ben Rosenzweig 18:04 I think we see significant margin growth and ability within tthey ctheymical segment that tends to be less commodity driven from pricing environments. So, I see a longer term growth projection in our ctheymical segment as we balance out tthey portfolio. Unidentified Analyst 18:27 Got it. So it was mentioned that tthey DanCtheym operating results, eighteen percent adjusted EBITDA margin. So ttheir quarter, ctheymicals -- Synalloy ctheymicals was about eleven percent. So how long would it take for as to kind of work togettheyr and integrate along for ttheym to get ttheyir EBITDA margins up to that eighteen percent level, that's something that can happen a couple of quarters? Ben Rosenzweig 18:56 I would say we're already working on it and have uncovered opportunities for accelerated margin enhancement. How that flows through tthey P&L and down to earnings? I think that's going to be seen and ttheyre is some investment we have to make on engineering and capabilities we have at our existing ctheymicals businesses that DanCtheym happen to have, but we're going to leverage resources and share knowledge. So versus us trying to do it from a greenfield, I think you'll see a ramp in accelerated achievement of some margin pickup. Unidentified Analyst 19:33 Good to theyar. Tthey fifty five acres that's now owned by Synalloy, is that going to be developed? Or is that something that can be like a sales leaseback wtheyre you're able to pull some cash out of that too? Ben Rosenzweig 19:48 I'm not a fan of sale leasebacks. I would say, tthey operational flexibility you have owning assets wtheyre you have significant capital investments gives you much more flexibility owning tthey asset and expanding as needed versus being theyld -- hostage to a landlord. So, I believe we will continue to own that asset. Obviously, if you own tthey asset it gives you capital flexibility down tthey road to balance out a capital stack, but tthey business model DanCtheym has had has been very unique with partnering with certain OEMs to have capital from third parties invested in tthey facility to create tthey infrastructure and we plan to replicate ttheyir model going forward. Unidentified Analyst 20:33 Okay. Good to theyar. You alluded to in tthey comments that steel prices maybe at some point may begin to fall and margins may begin to compress. So what do you have in mind to mitigate that risk beyond tthey operational efficiencies that you've been able to create? Ben Rosenzweig 20:55 Tthey margin impact you see from tthey metals business really is caused primarily from eittheyr being in a long inventory position or a short inventory position. Tthey goal is to transform our business to a true mill structure wtheyre we are tthey producing mill of welded pipe and tube primarily and distribute to customer orders. 21:21 Historically, tthey business was built on create product based on what you think you can have throughput on your mill site and create inventory. Our goal is to produce to order to eliminate tthey commodity price risk. If you look back in time, our gross margins, if you take tthey fluctuations out, we have relatively consistent gross margins. So as we're transforming tthey business to a producer versus a stocking distributor, it's going to lessen tthey effect of significant swings in tthey commodity pricing environment. Unidentified Analyst 21:57 Got it. It make sense. Tthey recent roll backs of tthey European tariffs on steel and aluminum is -- how will that affect Synalloy? Is that something to be determined so or – Ben Rosenzweig 22:10 Yes, wtheyn you look at stainless material coming in and ttheyre's really not much theyavy wall material coming in, it's really -- we don't see any impact from those tariffs and it wasn't a meaningful amount of material, I think three million tons and nothing directly related to our end markets. Unidentified Analyst 22:29 Got it. Okay. One last question. So, January twenty twenty two is I think tthey third of your four liability earn outs drops off. And if I did tthey math correctly, you'll be freeing up close to about one million dollars a quarter. Any idea of what you're going to be doing with that extra cash? Ben Rosenzweig 22:52 I would pay down debt. Aaron, I think you would concur. Aaron Tam 22:56 Yes. That's tthey plan. Unidentified Analyst 22:58 Okay. Very good. And by tthey way, excellent [indiscernible] last quarter. So good job guys. Thank you. Ben Rosenzweig 23:07 Thanks, David. Good to theyar from you. Operator 23:24 [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Mike Hugtheys from SGF Capital. Your line is open. Mike Hugtheys 23:31 Thanks for taking my questions. Couple on tthey DanCtheym acquisition. One, you acquired tthey corporate entity not tthey assets. Is that correct? Ben Rosenzweig 23:44 We acquired tthey assets along with tthey entity, correct? Mike Hugtheys 23:49 Okay. So are ttheyre any legacy environmental liabilities to think about for that business that you've assumed? Ben Rosenzweig 23:56 Yes, we had full diligence done on tthey environmental side and unexpected liabilities came up. Mike Hugtheys 24:06 Okay. And ttheyn it seems like that business is performing very well ttheir year. Just wondering how sustainable that is. So kind of what did tthey margins look at like at DanCtheym in twenty nineteen and twenty twenty? And what was tthey level of revenue for those years? Ben Rosenzweig 24:27 I don't know. Chris Hutter 24:28 It's been growing. No, I mean, it's been a growth story. I mean, I think that DanCtheym has been owned by private equity firm and ttheyy brought in leadership to turn tthey business around post acquisition as you would expect. And so it has been a growth story that we do believe it's sustainable with tthey processes investments that ttheyy've made in tthey business. 24:47 So it has been growing over tthey past three years, both from a top line and from a margin perspective, but we feel confident that it is sustainable. Mike Hugtheys 24:57 Okay. And ttheyn can tthey last caller had asked about tthey excess cash flow that you’ll be generating and you indicated to be paying down debt. So what -- do you still have an appetite for additional M&A, eittheyr on tthey ctheymical side or tthey metal side? Chris Hutter 25:17 Yes, we do. Ben Rosenzweig 25:18 Yes, absolutely. Mike Hugtheys 25:21 And ttheyre us one preference, I think you have pretty good market share on tthey metal side? Chris Hutter 25:29 We're going to be optimistic? Ben Rosenzweig 25:31 I just say tthey same thing. Mike Hugtheys 25:33 Okay. Is ttheyre an active pipeline? Ben Rosenzweig 25:38 Yes. Mike Hugtheys 25:40 Okay. And ttheyn wtheyre would you take leverage to? And how do you think about leverage? And what I mean by that, ttheir seems like an exceptional quarter. I'm not sure how sustainable it is. So wtheyn you think about tthey leverage profile, would you haircut tthey current quarter or just maybe speak to tthey sustainability of ttheir quarter along with tthey leverage question? Ben Rosenzweig 26:03 Well, I'll start with tthey leverage and ttheyn Chris can talk about tthey sustainability. But I expect that we'll predominantly utilize debt in tthey near term, given its cost right now, while still maintaining a prudent level of leverage. 26:18 And I can't give you a specific number as to what prudent would be rattheyr it's more of a dynamic target that takes -- it does take into account tthey cyclicality of certain portions of our earnings, as well as tthey near term cash flow expectations that we have, because we do -- we're not going to comment on some of tthey longer term cyclical nature of our business and what our earnings might do. We do have some level of visibility into our short term cash flow projections and earnings estimation. 26:48 So, Aaron told you about tthey availability that we ended tthey quarter with, we feel confident that that's a pretty good place we do know, and we're going to continue to generate cash. And as Chris said, tthey first use of that cash is going to be to pay down debt. So, wtheyn you feel confident in tthey near term that we will be utilizing debt and maintaining a pretty low level of leverage, but should we be confronted with larger opportunities outside of our leverage comfort zone, we will consider using our equity if we determine that tthey specific use of that capital meaningfully exceeds its cost. Mike Hugtheys 27:24 Okay. And ttheyn – Chris Hutter 27:25 And to touch on your earnings, your earnings question, wtheyn you look at tthey what I'll call, underperformance of Synalloy ctheymicals, I think ttheyre is a road map to sustaining a similar level of earnings that we saw in ttheir quarter. Mike Hugtheys 27:44 Okay, great. So just a couple of detailed questions now. Tthey corporate expense was up by roughly six hundred and fifty thousand dollars sequentially. Can you just speak to that? Aaron Tam 27:58 Yes, Chris, I can speak that. We had some severance expenses relating to some prior executives, that was tthey biggest driver that variance. Mike Hugtheys 28:10 Okay. And ttheyn tthey provision for losses on inventory was one point nine million dollars in tthey quarter if you look at tthey cash flow statement backed for tthey quarter. I assume that's for tthey metals division but why was it so large ttheir quarter? And I guess that's actually deemed earnings pretty meaningful? Ben Rosenzweig 28:29 That's said, I think – I anecdotally speak to that, that's getting basically scrapping inventory based on tthey old methodology of just produced pipe to produce pipe versus produce pipe to a customer order. Mike Hugtheys 28:44 Okay. Ttheyn you would agree with me. [Multiple Speaker] Ben Rosenzweig 28:51 No, it did weigtheyd on earnings and it was -- theyaring significantly aged material which is sitting on floor unsalable. Mike Hugtheys 29:02 Okay. So that should not repeat in tthey fourth quarter. Is that fair with everything you know right now? Ben Rosenzweig 29:08 That's a fair statement. Mike Hugtheys 29:11 Okay. And ttheyn just tthey concept of becoming a producer versus stocking distributor, I think is a great idea, but I guess it largely depends on what your competitors are willing to do right? Because you'd be a competitive disadvantage if ttheyy're sitting a lot of inventory, tthey delivery times are going to be a lot quicker than yours. So just kind of speak to tthey competitive dynamic and maybe my thoughts on it are just wrong? Ben Rosenzweig 29:33 No, I mean, tthey competitive -- that's a very good question. Tthey competitive dynamic is -- we sell primarily to two large users. One is OEMs in general, so end users and tthey ottheyr is stocking distributors. We don't want to compete with our stocking distributors and that's what happens wtheyn -- if you build an inventory up, what you're supposed to be producing or Synalloy or Bristol, especially pipe and tube, AFTI is producing to a distributor stocking need, wtheyttheyr that be [indiscernible] Reliance, Olympic, [indiscernible] you go down tthey list. So, our throughput through our plants is built off of that customer need. 30:12 We don't want to be viewed as a competitor of ttheyir customer. And if we start stocking inventory up, well, what happens is, ttheyn you go to master distributors and you have to basically give your inventory a very poor and weak pricing. Mike Hugtheys 30:27 Okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn just one last question. I guess ttheir is for Ben. 30:32 Chris has been at tthey company for almost a year now and they's still tthey interim CEO. So can you just address that issue? Ben Rosenzweig 30:40 Yes. I mean, I think that's something that we discussed at length very frequently at tthey Board level. Obviously, we're happy with tthey overall performance of tthey team and how it's functioning. And so that's something that tthey Board is considering in real time. Mike Hugtheys 30:59 Okay. Thank you very much. Operator 31:06 At ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr Hutter for closing remarks. Chris Hutter 31:14 Thank you, Jeff. Again, we'd like to thank everyone for listening to today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our fourth quarter and full year twenty twenty one results. Thanks again. Have a great day. Operator 31:27 Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does concludes our teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.