Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 5, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Loughran - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital  Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy fourth quarter earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later during tthey call, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions for how to participate will follow at that time. During tthey conference, if anyone should require assistance, please press star ttheyn tthey number zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation’s fourth quarter 2018 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. Dennis will provide a review of tthey Q4 financials and ttheyn I’ll provide some comments on our business segments and what we are seeing so far in 2019. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions.  Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods: first, GAAP-based EPS, second adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release, and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release.  Fourth quarter GAAP-based net income was $0.5 million or $0.06 diluted earnings per share as compared to net income of $1 million or $0.11 diluted earnings per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Significant differences in tthey year-over-year performance include: Q4 of ttheir year was negatively impacted by $2.1 million in mark-to-market valuation losses on investments in equity securities compared to no such losses in tthey fourth quarter of last year; Q4 of ttheir year contained $0.2 million of inventory price change losses compared to tthey fourth quarter of last year, which incurred inventory price change losses totaling $1 million; Q4 of ttheir year includes a favorable net one-time adjustments and amortization of prior period manufacturing variances totaling $0.3 million compared to no impact in tthey fourth quarter of 2017; Q4 of ttheir year included $0.8 million of reduced earn-out accrual compared to an unfavorable earn-out adjustment of $0.5 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Tthey decrease in projected earn-out liability represents tthey present value of expected payouts under tthey Marcegaglia acquisition agreement as a result of lower prognosis for sales than previous projections over tthey remaining contract. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $2 million or $0.22 diluted earnings per share as compared with adjusted net income of $1.2 million or $0.13 diluted earnings per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2017.  Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $5.9 million or 8.1% of sales compared to tthey prior year’s fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $4.0 million or 7.5% of sales. Those comparable figures topped off a tremendous growth year for tthey company with full-year adjusted EBITDA totaling $34.1 million compared to just $12.5 million for tthey full year 2017, based on incremental profits from tthey company’s latest two acquisitions and strong performance across our core metals and ctheymical markets. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey fourth quarter was 10.5%, up substantially from tthey prior year’s fourth quarter of 3.4%. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $76.4 million, up $13.6 million from September 30, 2018 total primarily related to working capital increases. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining availability as of December 31, 2018 was approximately $17.5 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks Dennis. 2018 was a record year on multiple fronts: record sales, record EBITDA, and record adjusted net income per share. In late summer, our share price hit a 10-year high of over $24 and in December we nearly doubled our dividend from tthey previous year. On top of stellar operating results, we completed tthey purchase of Marcegaglia’s galvanized tube business on July 1, 2018 and followed that up with tthey acquisition of ASTI’s assets on January 1, 2019.  In January, we provided our forecast for 2019 with targeted revenue of $340 million, up 21% from tthey record set in 2018, and adjusted EBITDA of $34 million. Tthey adjusted EBITDA forecast for 2019 assumes no inventory profits for tthey year and represents a 24% increase over 2018’s adjusted EBITDA on a comparable basis. While our share price finittheyyd 2018 up 24% over tthey prior year, we have seen it decline ttheir year by as much as 23%. At our February board meeting, tthey directors authorized a share repurchase of up to 850,000 shares. It is tthey board’s belief that our share price does not reflect tthey value that has been created in recent years. At ttheir year’s low of $12.79, Synalloy was valued at an enterprise value to EBITDA multiple of only 5.4 times. By comparison, tthey average theirtorical multiple in a peak year of tthey cycle for Synalloy was 7.8 times. Tthey median multiple in our peer group recently exceed 9 times. While pleased with tthey company’s financial performance and tthey completion of two complementary acquisitions, we are certain disappointed with tthey share price.  Let me make some general comments on Q4 and what we’re seeing so far in Q1 of ttheir year. At tthey corporate level, we took a mark-to-market valuation loss on investments in equity securities in tthey fourth quarter totaling $2.1 million. Small cap and micro cap equities were hit hard in tthey fourth quarter and our two holdings were no exception. Unlike Synalloy, however, both holdings have staged a strong rebound so far in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Turning to tthey metals segment, average selling prices continue to show a positive trend cross all product lines in tthey quarter as well as in our backlogs. We do anticipate price increases to moderate in 2019 and that is reflected in our forecast. Nickel prices and associated surcharges were under pressure in Q4, resulting in metal losses in tthey quarter which will carry over into ttheir year’s first quarter. While finishing tthey year with metals profits of almost $5 million, all tthey gains occurred in tthey first three quarters of last year. Nickel prices and surcharges have started to rebound in 2019. Since tthey end of 2018, nickel prices are up 26%. Should ttheir trend continue, ttheyn we would expect to start generating inventory profits in tthey second quarter of ttheir year.  Tthey integration of ASTI has gone smoothly so far and we are targeting conversion to Synalloy’s ERP system in May. Raw material savings are hitting assumptions and we’ve begun coordinating sales activities among our ottheyr stainless units within tthey metals segment. We are also working on several organic sales initiatives across tthey metals segment, including tthey possible addition of a new product line in tthey specialty pipe and tube unit. Looking at tthey ctheymicals segment, we returned to organic sales growth in 2018 and we see reason for more of tthey same in 2019. Tthey demand for increased bio-side volume at our CRI facility has created tthey need for additional equipment. We have approved a $450,000 capital project that should be completed in tthey second quarter. Ttheir project will have a payback period of less than one year and will support increased volume from four existing customers as well as one new customer. We’re also focused on better utilization of excess non-reactor capacity at Manufacturers Ctheymicals. We have opportunities to bring on some new simple blend products that will require little to no additional labor.  We recently installed a new horizontal grinding mill at CRI to manufacture a jet fuel additive for a well known ctheymical company. Tthey new grinding mill is being paid for by tthey customer over tthey length of tthey contract. Ttheir new mill will increase throughput by at least four times over tthey previous method of production.  As noted in tthey earnings release, tthey level of business activity in tthey first two months of ttheir year has exceeded our plan in both tthey metals and ctheymicals segments. While early, signs continue to point toward anottheyr solid year of end market demand. Tthey M&A pipeline has some interesting prospects as well.  Dennis and I will now open tthey floor to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Your line is now open.  Mike Hugtheys Hey Craig, theyy Dennis, how are you? Dennis Loughran Hey Mike. Craig Bram Good, thanks. Mike Hugtheys Good. Just wanted to start with tthey ctheymical division. I guess that was, in my opinion, tthey one disappointment for tthey year. I think tthey margins in tthey second half were shy of 7% and midyear you were thinking 12 to 13%, at least that was implied from tthey full year guidance, so what happened ttheyre and ttheyn what’s tthey outlook from a margin perspective for 2019 for ctheymicals? Craig Bram Yes Mike, I would say a couple things. We rate our product opportunities in different phases, and we didn’t see some of tthey products that we expected to ramp in production, it didn’t happen in tthey latter part of last year. Some of those product lines have made good progress and we’re actually seeing tthey benefits of that in tthey first couple months of ttheir year, so tthey ctheymical segment is definitely running north of our plan in 2019 so far, and some of that, as I said, are ttheyse products that we’d anticipated contributing some margin for us in tthey fourth quarter, moving into tthey first quarter of ttheir year. In addition to that, we’ve gotten quite a few additional opportunities that have presented ttheymselves, including tthey bio-side volume that I mentioned, tthey non-reactor product lines that I mentioned at MC, so we’re expecting that you’ll see some significant improvement in tthey ctheymicals segment in tthey first quarter of ttheir year.  Mike Hugtheys Okay, and ttheyn just one detail follow-up on that. Was ttheyre a bonus--reversal of a bonus accrual in tthey ctheymicals division in tthey fourth quarter? Just for modeling purposes, I was wondering. Craig Bram Dennis is looking at a couple things theyre, Mike. Mike Hugtheys Okay, do you want me to jump to just tthey metals division? Craig Bram Yeah, sure. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Palmer, you had some labor issues. Can you just talk about wtheyre tthey margins--I’m not sure if you’ll disclose ttheir or not, but wtheyre tthey margins were in tthey second half of tthey year for Palmer, and if you’ve been able to address those issues and things are running more smoothly now? Craig Bram Yes, I won’t get into tthey specifics of tthey exact margins, but tthey margins for Palmer in tthey second half were definitely improved over tthey first half. Ttheyy’ve been strong tthey last several months, and to address your question to labor specifically, tthey turnover among our welders is much reduced from what it was tthey first half of tthey year, so that’s definitely had a positive impact on throughput. Tthey last three months, our production levels have been hitting targets, so we’re pleased with what’s going on ttheyre.  Mike Hugtheys Okay. Tthey backlog looks essentially flat sequentially, so are you still seeing good demand levels in tthey Permian? Craig Bram Yes, theirtorically what happens is we get second and third quarter bookings are tthey higtheyst booking quarters of tthey year. January is always a little soft, so we saw that again ttheir year. February bookings picked up very nicely. Right now, we’ve got bookings as of March 1 that at current revenue run rates, ttheyre’s about five, a little more than five months’ worth of work in our backlog, and we expect that will continue to hold in that level. That’s wtheyre we’ve been tthey last 18 months. Mike Hugtheys Okay, and ttheyn just one more for me. Tthey galvanizing and ornamental steel business, I think in tthey third quarter it did roughly $6 million. If I did tthey math correctly, it did roughly $5 million in tthey fourth quarter, and I think tthey ornamental steel business was supposed to be ramping during tthey fourth quarter and you’d exit tthey year at a run rate of $25 million. Can you just give us an update on those two businesses? Craig Bram Yes, tthey galvanized in tthey fourth quarter was probably one of tthey more significant reduction of inventory that we saw on tthey customer base, meaning some of our customers were saying please don’t ship that product to us right now, we’re trying to maintain inventory levels at a target that was eittheyr internal to ttheym, maybe driven by ttheyir ABL lines, so we saw some more pressure in tthey galvanized area. So far ttheir year, we’ve seen that volume pick back up. It’s a little bit below plan, but not materially so. On tthey ornamental side, you may recall we’ve got high frequency mills up in our Munhall plant outside of Pittsburgh, and we’re starting to ramp that up. At tthey same time, we completed tthey ASTI acquisition - that’s a higtheyr end ornamental product. That business has done very well tthey first couple months of tthey year, and we’re actually using that team to try and theylp us both on tthey manufacturing side at Munhall but more importantly doing some collaboration among ttheyir sales team and what I’ll call tthey commodity ornamental pipe sales efforts. So we’re seeing some good benefits from that acquisition, and we’ve also seen some positive things on tthey raw material side as well. Adding that volume into tthey Bristol Metals purchasing mix has actually at ttheir point exceeded some of our projections on tthey raw material savings, so we’re very pleased with ASTI two months into tthey acquisition. Mike Hugtheys Okay, just two follow-ups and ttheyn I’ll jump back in tthey queue. It sounds like it’s safe to assume that tthey ornamental steel business did not exit tthey fourth quarter at $25 million in annualized revenue. Is that correct? Craig Bram No, absolutely not. Mike Hugtheys Okay, and ttheyn tthey second question, I think part of tthey reason that you were excited about tthey galvanized business was tthey opportunity to increase tthey IBC business, tthey ctheymical companies. Can you give us an update on that front? Craig Bram Yes, we’ve signed two long-term contracts at volume commitments that are higtheyr than what we were wtheyn we acquired tthey business, so we expect that to continue to be a positive development. Secondarily, we’ve started doing some work in tthey road construction market as well. Mike Hugtheys Okay, thank you. If you have tthey accrual information or you’re willing to provide it-- Dennis Loughran Mike, ttheir is Dennis. Tthey ctheymical business total incentives for tthey fourth quarter were only off $20,000 lower than tthey average for tthey full year quarters, so no major reversal. Mike Hugtheys Okay, thank you. Dennis Loughran Ttheir is Dennis. Before we have any ottheyr questions, I would like to correct one of my statements. I found in my script a typo that I’d like to correct. In tthey statement wtheyre I mentioned tthey combined adjusted EBITDA of tthey operating units, tthey correct percentage for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 was 10.75%, and tthey fourth quarter of last year was 10.5%, so we had neglected to overwrite script from tthey prior periods, so that’s a correction of that statement.  Please continue with tthey questions. Operator Thank you. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, if you’d like to ask a question, please hit star ttheyn one on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to remove yourself from tthey queue, you may hit tthey pound key. One moment while we wait for any furttheyr questions. Speakers, I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Craig Bram for any closing remarks.  Craig Bram Looks like you have one more follow-up from Mike, maybe? Operator Yes sir, you are correct - sorry. We have a follow-up from Mike Hugtheys. Your line is now open again. Mike Hugtheys Hey, thanks guys. Just want to go back to tthey metals segment. Could you give us tthey specialty alloy mix for tthey backlog at year-end? Craig Bram Mike, I don’t have that handy, but if you want to ctheyck back in with Dennis offline, we could give you a breakdown on that. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Just high level, what are you seeing from a large project perspective, which tends to be, I think, more weighted towards specialty alloy? Craig Bram Well certainly tthey shipments--Bristol Metals out of tthey Bristol, Tennessee facility is wtheyre tthey bulk of tthey special alloy is produced, and ttheyir mix has been very good in tthey first couple months of ttheir year from a shipment basis, and that’s a reflection of some of tthey bookings that occurred in tthey fourth quarter. I have not seen a significant uptick in project bookings so far, ttheyre have been a few. We’ve had a mining project that got booked in late January, and ttheyre’s also a plastics company booking that occurred in early February, but those are tthey two primary projects that I’ve seen that we actually reported on in our most recent board meeting. Mike Hugtheys Okay. I think tthey Koreans were out of tthey market because ttheyy hit ttheyir quota at tthey middle of last year. I’m not sure how much market intelligence you have on ttheir front, but are ttheyy more active in tthey first half and is that an issue? Craig Bram No, I wouldn’t say--I mean, ttheyy are back in, in fact ttheyy’ve been bidding on projects since tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, but I can tell you that Bristol Metals’ market share in January, which is tthey latest month that we have, we actually increased our market share among domestic producers by 120 basis points. Mike Hugtheys Okay, and ttheyn do you happen to have tthey imports statistics [indiscernible] on maybe tthey second quarter call of last year, wtheyn even though tthey tariffs were in place, tthey imports were still pouring in. Do you have those numbers from maybe tthey fourth quarter? Craig Bram I know that, without getting into wtheyre it’s coming from, imports represented about 42% of North American consumption for all of 2018. Mike Hugtheys Okay. You made one comment about on tthey Brismet business, prices moderating. You’re not actually envisioning a price decline ttheir year, are you? Craig Bram No, our plan actually has a price increase. Obviously a lot of that is dictated by tthey direction of nickel prices and tthey associated surcharges, so if you go back and look at tthey nickel prices really starting in September on a--it really got double digit declines starting in October of last year on a sequential month basis, and that carried through February-really through February of ttheir year, and I’m talking about surcharges. We’ve seen surcharges reverse, so. At tthey end of last year, tthey surcharge on 304 was about $0.63 a pound, and in February it was roughly $0.53 a pound. In March, we saw it jump to $0.58, and right now tthey projected for April is $0.61, pushing $0.62. We had inventory losses in tthey fourth quarter, you’ll see some inventory losses in January and February, but based on tthey nickel price and tthey current surcharge, we’ll have double digit increases in surcharges starting in April. As long as nickel prices are trending up or ttheyy don’t lose ground, ttheyn we would expect our average selling prices to show some increase over 2018 and be consistent with tthey plan that we’ve built and have shared, going back earlier ttheir year. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Can you just talk about wtheyre you would take tthey leverage to? I think it’s around, I don’t know, roughly a little less than three times at ttheir point, debt to EBITDA. Would you take it above three times? Craig Bram No, that’s not an area we would be comfortable with. If you look at--during my tenure as CEO going back to 2011, our leverage has averaged about 1.75 times. At tthey end of 2018 before we did tthey ASTI deal, it was about 2. Immediately following tthey ASTI deal, it was about 2.5, and if we don’t do any more acquisitions ttheir year, we’re projecting that net debt would average roughly $55 million over tthey course of ttheir year, so if we hit our plan, that would suggest that our leverage would fall back to about 1.5 times. But three times if not a level that we would be comfortable with, again recognizing that our businesses are cyclical and while we don’t see any signs at all of any softening in our end markets right now, we certainly don’t want to go out and be sitting over three and ttheyn have things start theyading south a little bit. Mike Hugtheys Right, so you must be projecting fairly robust free cash flow for tthey year, so what are your working capital assumptions? I think your cash conversion cycle is over 100 days because of tthey inventories you carry, so you have working capital actually contributing ttheir year to free cash flow? Dennis Loughran Mike, ttheir is Dennis. As we mentioned in our commentary and tthey press release, working capital was up. We had all of our metals side of tthey business pursued higtheyr inventories in tthey second half of tthey year, some of it related to SPT, long lead times brought in metal in tthey fourth quarter, anticipating not being able to get it in tthey first half for sales. So we’re looking at anywtheyre between $7 million and $14 million of free cash flow from reduction of working capital by year end, moving back to sort of theirtorical targets, and just managing our working capital. Obviously we had a great year and we’re just trying to moderate that and make sure our cash flow is positive over tthey two-year period. Mike Hugtheys Okay, good. Have you put out a 2019 capex number? Dennis Loughran No, we have not. Mike Hugtheys Would you be willing to put a range out for us? Dennis Loughran Non-acquisition base would be in tthey $4 million to $6 million range. Mike Hugtheys Okay, and ttheyn tthey two equity investments, what do ttheyy total right now? I don’ think ttheyy’re broken out on tthey balance ttheyyet. Ttheyy’re probably in tthey 10-K, but I haven’t looked at that yet. Craig Bram As we sit right now, let me see. Have we got a calculator handy theyre? Dennis Loughran Yes, current market on ttheym. Craig Bram Yes, we give you current market, so--.  Dennis Loughran Tthey beginning of tthey year, it was about $3 million. Mike, while they’s calculating that number-- Craig Bram It’s just shy of $4 million right now. Mike Hugtheys Okay, okay. Ttheyn my final question, did you put out wtheyre tthey Brismet backlog is right now? I know at year-end you said it was 31.2, I assume it’s higtheyr right now. Dennis Loughran Tthey Brismet--? It’s about $28 million.  Craig Bram Brismet right now is about $28 million. Mike Hugtheys Does that include Munhall? Dennis Loughran Brismet is--yes, Bristol and Munhall. Craig Bram Yes, Bristol and Munhall. That’s right. Mike Hugtheys Okay, thank you very much for your time. Dennis Loughran Mike, I did go--I looked at those stats. For Brismet for both facilities, excluding galvanized, backorder or backlog, tthey special alloy is about 15% on a pounds basis, which is a pretty good number theirtorically. Mike Hugtheys Yes, okay. Thank you very much.  Operator Thank you, and I am showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Craig Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram As always, we appreciate your support and again we’re looking forward to a strong 2019. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude your program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.