Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 4, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President and Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2020 Financial and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised, that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Ma’am, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, [Juana]. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that ttheir presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Tierney, and welcome, everyone. I will go right in to INBRIJA’s net revenue for tthey full-year 2020, which was $24.2 million, and for tthey fourth quarter, net revenue was $9.3 million. We're encouraged that sales increased every quarter during tthey year given tthey impact of COVID-19. AMPYRA net revenue for tthey full-year 2020 was 98.9 million, and for tthey fourth quarter net revenue was 25.3 million. Physicians and patients maintained ttheyir high degree of brand loyalty, and Acorda continues to offer copay mitigation and a free 60-day trial to those patients who are eligible. I’ll now review our key achievements of 2020. We set several important goals for 2020. And I'm pleased to report that we achieved all of ttheym. First, to monetize tthey excess capacity of our Ctheylsea manufacturing facility; ttheyn to improve our balance ttheyyet; to reduce our cost structure; to accelerate tthey INBRIJA trajectory; and to maintain our AMPYRA franctheire. And I'll now review ttheyse in more detail. So, we achieved our goal of monetizing tthey excess capacity of our manufacturing operations. In February 2021, we announced that we closed our deal to sell our manufacturing operations to Catalent. Ttheir deal includes a global supply agreement for INBRIJA, which ensures that it will continue to be manufactured to tthey higtheyst quality standards and be available to people with Parkinson's worldwide. Acorda’s associates at tthey Ctheylsea plant will continue to manufacture INBRIJA and now as Catalent employees. We received an $80 million upfront payment, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $74 million. Tthey deal also substantially reduces both our operating expenses and tthey cost of goods for INBRIJA. We believe that tthey lower cost of goods will also accelerate our efforts to obtain commercialization partners for INBRIJA outside tthey U.S.  We also achieved our goal of strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet by over $100 million, including tthey 74 million net upfront payment from Catalent, a $15 million milestone payment from Biogen for FAMPYRA and $12.7 million tax refund under tthey CARES Act.  Regarding our goal of reducing our cost structure, we reduced our expected operating expenses for 2021 by about $40 million, about 10 million resulted from tthey sale of our manufacturing operations, 6 million from a 16% theyadcount reduction in our Ardsley and field teams, and 24 million in additional cost reductions. And note that in making ttheyse reductions, we focused on ensuring that tthey commercialization of INBRIJA would remain fully funded. Moving to our key goal of accelerating INBRIJA’s trajectory, first as a reminder, INBRIJA is Inhaled Levodopa. Levodopa is tthey gold standard ttheyrapy for improving symptoms of Parkinson's, and INBRIJA is indicated to address tthey return of symptoms in between doses of regularly sctheyduled medication as needed. Also know, ttheyse returns of symptoms are also known as OFF periods. We had several key learnings regarding tthey INBRIJA launch in 2020. Prescribers were enthusiastic about INBRIJA wtheyn we launctheyd it in March of 2019, and we saw initially high rates of prescribing in tthey first few months. However, ttheyse tailed off in tthey latter part of 2019. Ttheir was initially due to poor access to INBRIJA and consequent frustration for tthey prescribers. However, as we significantly improved access and more patients were able to fill ttheyir prescriptions, we ttheyn saw higtheyr than expected early discontinuations, and we learned that ttheyse were due to unsatisfactory experiences. And ttheyse appear to be related to sub-optimal training about tthey proper use of tthey device and inhalation method. Some of ttheir to be frank was on us. We realized that an instructional video that we provided needed to be improved and some was due to a lack of hands on training or often none at all. About 30% of patients reported no in office training. So, we responded by implementing new training initiatives and in tthey first quarter of 2020, we saw progressively increasing prescriptions. Ttheir, I'm sorry, yes of 2020, we saw progressively increasing prescriptions. Ttheir progress acutely reversed in late March as tthey pandemic hit and physician's offices closed. So, even with some recovery and tthey shift to telemedicine during tthey year, we found that an additional 30% of patients now reported no training. So, 60% or more of our patients were not reporting training. We also found that physicians were theysitant to start new treatments during tthey pandemic. Now, despite ttheyse pretty significant theyadwinds, we were able to achieve growth in each quarter of 2020. We believe that that success was related to our having responded to our learnings by implementing initiatives during tthey pandemic to address tthey need for additional training and support as an adjunct to tthey training that was being provided by tthey physician’s offices. One of our key initiatives was providing nurse educators. Ttheyse nurses are available by phone or video to coach patients on tthey correct, most effective way to inhale and administer INBRIJA. Tthey nurses also call every patient who receives a new INBRIJA prescription to offer training and answer questions. And ttheir has been highly effective, which I'll discuss in more detail on tthey next slide. We also have had our customer service team reach out to patients whose prescriptions have been canceled or discontinue to answer questions and provide additional tips and training. In 2020, to date, ttheir has resulted in approximately a 1,000 patients returning to or beginning ttheyrapy with INBRIJA. In addition, we developed a very clear theylpful hints guide. We updated our training video, and we sent a letter through tthey post office with tthey theylpful hints guide to patients who had eittheyr never filled a prescription or discontinued ttheyrapy without a refill. And that resulted in an additional, approximately 250 patients returning to ttheyrapy.  We've also been providing patient ambassadors who share ttheyir experiences with Parkinson's and INBRIJA in consumer education programs. So, theyre's an analysis of what I referred to earlier with our nurse educators. Ttheir is an analysis of tthey first refills by comparing patients who had not received coaching from a nurse educator to those who had. Patients who had spoken with a nurse educator had a 20% higtheyr refill rate than those who had not. And we're continuing ttheir program along with tthey ottheyrs I mentioned in 2021. So, tthey key we believe theyre is continuing to build on what we learned in 2020 about tthey importance of optimal training for patients and how to achieve that. As I mentioned, we're continuing our nurse educator, and Patient Support Services outreach. Ttheyse strategies again, brought about 1,250 patients back to ttheyrapy in 2020, even during tthey pandemic. We're also adapting what we've learned during tthey pandemic, about how to connect virtually with our prescriber and patient audiences. Our field sales team has now returned to in-person physician visits as of ttheir month, March, and will now be pursuing a hybrid model of both in-person and virtual education and communications. In 2020, we were able to refine a highly effective model for working with patient advocacy groups in Parkinson's and patient support groups virtually to educate large numbers of people with Parkinson's about INBRIJA. And we're going to continue those virtual events, even as we resume in-person events, hopefully later ttheir year, as tthey pandemic hopefully subsides. And tthey INBRIJA patient ambassadors will continue to speak about ttheyir experiences at both virtual and in-person events. We'll also be adding a significant number of patient ambassador videos that people with Parkinson's can access online. I also want to mention that we recently added a new telemedicine initiative, wtheyre patients who are interested can consult with a neurologist online and if appropriate, receive a prescription for INBRIJA. Ttheir initiative has already been bringing in new patients to INBRIJA. Ttheir graph shows INBRIJA’s performance since it was launctheyd in March of 2019. We were encouraged to see growth in 2020, despite tthey pandemic and after a dip in tthey first quarter of 2020, which we have typically seen each year for our ottheyr products and also was influenced by tthey pandemic coming in last year in March. Total prescriptions or TRx’s increased every quarter through 2020.  INBRIJA’s Q4 revenue of 9.3 million was greater than 50% increase over Q4 of 2019, and that included approximately 17% of organic growth in Q4 2020 over Q4 2019. In addition to organic growth, we saw tthey typical factors that occur in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey [D&A line] typically is tthey lowest in Q4 and tthey higtheyst in Q1, which increases net Q4 sales and decreases Q1 sales on a relative basis. In addition, patients refill ttheyir prescriptions earlier atheyad of tthey new year and tthey Medicare reset and specialty pharmacies tend to stock a bit more to account for tthey holidays and tthey new year. It's also worth noting that in Q4 of 2020, we had an additional one off factor. Tthey ottheyr factors tend to recur every year in our experience with our ottheyr products, but we had a one off factor in that. In tthey fourth quarter, we consolidated from multiple specialty pharmacies to a single one, and that pharmacy initiated stocking for tthey newly transferred patients during tthey quarter. Moving to AMPYRA, we've been very pleased to see tthey durability of tthey AMPYRA franctheire. Tthey brand loyalty continues to be high and we're continuing to support key activities for tthey brand, such as our first step free-trial program for 60 days, position and reimbursement support, and copay mitigation for commercially insured patients. Interestingly, we're still calling on key MS prescribers. And interestingly, approximately 150 new doctors wrote prescriptions for tthey AMPYRA brand in 2020. Moving to our 2020 financials, and our 2021 guidance and goals, ttheir slide outlines key financials for tthey fourth quarter and full-year 2020. You'll find ttheyse addressed in detail in our press release. As we previously reported, in tthey third quarter, we achieved a milestone payment of 15 million from Biogen based on Fampyra cumulative sales. And in tthey fourth quarter, we recorded a loss of tthey assets theyld for sale of 57.9 million, which represents tthey amount by which tthey carrying value of tthey Ctheylsea manufacturing assets sold to Catalent exceeded tthey net purchase price. We ended tthey year with cash, cash equivalents, divestments and restricted cash of $102.9 million. For 2021 guidance, our AMPYRA net revenue guidance is $75 million to $85 million. Our 2021 operating expense guidance is $130 million to $140 million. We're not providing revenue guidance for INBRIJA at ttheir time. We've seen a strong correlation between tthey pace of prescriptions and tthey surges in COVID-19 over tthey past year, wtheyn office visits declined again. To tthey extent that tthey pandemic recedes as vaccinations increase, we believe ttheir will contribute to tthey growth of INBRIJA in 2021. So, in summary, we achieved significant goals in 2020 to position Acorda to build long-term value. Moving forward, we're going to focus on tthey key factors that you see theyre. First, continuing to drive INBRIJA’s commercial growth. We've seen that tthey initiatives we developed in 2020 to better train patients resulted in substantial increases in both filled prescriptions and return of patients to INBRIJA.  We're also re-engaging with physician’s in-person as tthey pandemic recedes. And we believe that tthey return to more normal interactions of patients with physicians will also provide significant opportunity to accelerate adoption of INBRIJA as tthey pandemic recedes again, hopefully, by tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey sale of our manufacturing operations to Catalent has significantly lowered tthey cost of goods for INBRIJA. And ttheir has reinvigorated our discussions for ex-U.S. partnerships, as lower reimbursement and our previously higtheyr cost of goods was pressuring our ability to enter into such partnerships and having now addressed that we're finding that ttheyse discussions are renewing with vigor. It's also worth noting that tthey G-BA in Germany, which sets tthey reimbursement prices after tthey first year on tthey market, ruled recently that we do not need to submit a reimbursement dossier for INBRIJA. Ttheir was extremely good news and it's resulted in additional interest by potential partners for Europe's largest market, Germany. We're also going to continue to support tthey AMPYRA franctheire that remains a significant contributor to Acorda’s revenue. Now note that in 2020, 150 new physicians wrote for AMPYRA for tthey first time, while we continue to expect that AMPYRA revenue will decline over time, we have been gratified by its performance to date. We're also going to maintain our fiscal discipline, and importantly address tthey [$69 million] convertible debt payment that's due in June of ttheir year. And we're also seeking to build on tthey ARCUS Technology platform that's now been validated by tthey approval of INBRIJA in tthey U.S. and tthey EU, as well as like funding from tthey Gates Foundation for development of a pediatric inhaled surfactant product. We're also seeking collaborations with ottheyr companies for ottheyr potential indications for tthey ARCUS Technology. So, we look forward to updating you during tthey year. And we will now open tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Tierney Saccavino Okay, go atheyad. Ron Cotheyn Go atheyad, Tierney. Tierney Saccavino I was going to say thank you [Juana]. If ttheyre are no questions, we're going to end tthey call now. And thank you, everybody, for dialing in. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Thanks [everyone]. Operator Thank you, speakers. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.