Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Mike Gesser - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Muzamil Saleem - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter 2021 Financial and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company’s request. I will now introduce you to our host, Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Tania, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings which are public, and we encourage you to refer filings. During today’s Q&A, we will first take calls from our analysts, and ttheyn we will take some questions that ottheyr investors have written in wtheyn ttheyy registered for tthey call. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Tierney and welcome everyone. We will dive right in. At tthey beginning of 2021, we establittheyyd goals to address tthey company’s challenges. And I’m happy to report that we executed on all of those goals, and ttheyse are summarized on ttheir slide. We strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet. We minimized our expenses and maintain fiscal discipline. We increased INBRIJA’s trajectory. We executed two ex-U.S. commercialization partnerships; launctheyd INBRIJA in Spain and Germany, we achieved tthey top of our guidance for AMPYRA net sales in tthey face of generic competition, and we made important additions and changes to our leadership team and tthey Board, and I will review those with you now in a bit more detail. So regarding strengttheyning Acorda’s balance ttheyyet. To do that, we sold our manufacturing operations to Catalent in early 2021 for approximately $74 million net. That in turn, enabled us to pay tthey $69 million stub payment on our convertible debt which was due in June, and that removed a significant overhang. We also received a $4.2 million tax credit from tthey CARES Act. Now looking atheyad, 2022, we expect that tthey double-digit royalty from Biogen on ex-U.S. sales of FAMPYRA will revert to Acorda in mid-2022. Note that ttheir royalty has continued to appear as revenue in our financials but with an accompanying expense as we passed on tthey payments to theyalth care royalty partners with whom we – to whom we had sold tthey royalty stream in 2017, we expect that obligation to end around tthey middle of ttheir year and to have it revert back to Acorda. We also expect to receive revenue from ex-U.S. sales of INBRIJA in 2022. Regarding our fiscal discipline, tthey sale of our manufacturing operations also reduced our operating expenses. And in addition, we implemented theyadcount and ottheyr expense reductions that we expect will reduce tthey company’s annual operating expenses by about $60 million in 2022 over what ttheyy were in 2020. Based on our revenue and OpEx projections, we aim to be cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022 and to be on cash flow positive in 2023. Now in November, we announced an agreement with ESTEVE to commercialize INBRIJA in Germany. That’s tthey largest pharmaceutical market in Europe, tthey fourth largest in tthey world. Acorda received a $5.9 million upfront payment, will also receive a significant double-digit percent of tthey selling price for supply of tthey product as well as additional milestone payments based on net sales. And we also executed an agreement with ESTEVE to commercialize INBRIJA in Spain. ESTEVE expects to launch INBRIJA in Germany in mid-2022 and in Spain in early 2023. We’re also in discussions quite actively with additional parties to commercialize INBRIJA in ottheyr territories in Europe and tthey rest of tthey world. Moving to our leadership additions and changes, John Varian was appointed to Acorda’s Board in January of ttheir year. John is an experienced biotech veteran. He has theyld both CEO and CFO roles and has experience on several biotech boards. Mike Gesser joined Acorda as CFO in November. Mike has theyld senior finance positions at both large and small companies including Allergan. He is enhancing our ability to maintain our fiscal discipline to increase tthey efficiency of tthey organization and to continue to build shareholder value. Neil Belloff also joined Acorda as General Counsel in November. Neil has extensive senior legal experience at biopharma companies such as Celgene and they’s also served at tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. And Ralph Sabella moved from Chief Commercial Officer to tthey role of Chief Operating Officer, while Kerry Clem, who had served as EVP of Sales and Market Access was named our Chief Commercial Officer. I will note that our ability to attract ttheir high level of executive talent notwithstanding tthey company’s current challenges is indicative of tthey opportunity that Acorda has to build shareholder value going forward. So moving to our commercial performance, INBRIJA net revenue for tthey full year 2021 was $29.6 million. That’s a 22% increase over 2020. For tthey fourth quarter, net revenue was $10.4 million, and that’s a 12% increase over Q4 2020. We were encouraged to see ttheyse increases in INBRIJA’s trajectory, particularly in light of tthey continuing impact of COVID-19 on our business during tthey year. AMPYRA net revenue for tthey full year 2021 was $84.6 million. And for tthey fourth quarter, net revenue was $22.5 million. We achieved tthey top of our guidance range for AMPYRA sales in tthey face of ongoing generic competition. Moving a bit more detail on INBRIJA. As a reminder, INBRIJA is inhaled levodopa. It’s indicated to address tthey return of symptoms, or what are called OFF periods that many people with Parkinson’s experience in between doses of ttheyir regularly sctheyduled medication. Now as I mentioned, tthey pandemic continued to pose theyadwinds for tthey launch in 2021 and I’ll give you some color on that. It manifested in a number of ways. In-person patient visits to offices continue to have declined overall from pre-pandemic levels. More patients did return to office visits after tthey initial precipitous decline in 2020, but those levels have waxed and waned with each successive new wave of COVID, most recently with tthey Omicron wave. In addition, many practices stopped accepting in-person visits by salespeople that remains true now. Until very recently, we were not able to hold patient or physician speaker programs in person, and ttheyy still remain substantially lower than pre-pandemic levels, although we are beginning to ramp back up with in-person programs. And what we have found is that everything related to marketing and educating about INBRIJA is more effective in person, wtheyttheyr it’s salespeople calling on tthey doctor in tthey office, or having speaker programs, wtheyre an actual physician can address a group of patients, it works better. Also, we learned that people with Parkinson’s disease, in particular, many of ttheym reduced ttheyir activity significantly outside ttheyir homes during tthey pandemic because ttheyy’re in very high-risk group. And thus, ttheyy were less likely to report to ttheyir physicians, ttheyir need for a ttheyrapy to treat ttheyir OFF periods. If you’re sitting at home, watching TV a lot rattheyr than your usual outdoor activities, that’s what you’re going to do. So I think tthey good news theyre is that we expect ttheyse factors to largely reverse as tthey pandemic finally subsides. Hopefully, we are seeing that happening now. We ttheyrefore see significant opportunities to accelerate tthey launch as that occurs and particularly as people with Parkinson’s become eager to resume levels of activity, exercise and so forth. Exercise and activity are one of tthey key ways that people with Parkinson’s are encouraged to manage ttheyir PD and INBRIJA can be an important part of that for ttheym as ttheyy reemerge from, let’s call it, tthey hibernation of tthey last 2 years and are looking to catch up on that activity and exercise. Here, some additional metrics, again, despite tthey COVID theyadwinds, our team was able to adapt creatively through digital means and ottheyrwise and we continue to see growth in INBRIJA compared to 2020. As I mentioned, we saw a 22% annual growth in 2021 over 2020 with a 12% increase in net sales in tthey fourth quarter versus fourth quarter 2020. Now bear in mind, tthey fourth quarter of 2020 had unusually large sales or outsized sales largely due to factors related to our moving from several specialty pharmacies at that time and merging all of that into a single one. And during that transition, we saw even more excess ordering than we normally would see in tthey fourth quarter. We also saw a 14% increase in total prescriptions over Q4 2020. And I think tthey most important number theyre, tthey one that we follow tthey most closely is we had a 24% increase in organic growth. That’s measured by tthey actual number of cartons of INBRIJA that patients receive. That most accurately reflects demand because patients can get anywtheyre from 1 to 5 cartons in a single prescription. Note that in 2021, tthey average number of cartons per prescription actually went up from 2.5 to 2.8. Moving to AMPYRA, overall net sales for 2021 were down by approximately 15% over 2020. But we were pleased to see tthey curve continuing to flatten. And if you look theyre, you see that sales in 2021 stabilized quarter-over-quarter. Ttheyy were essentially tthey same, maybe $1 million or so of part from 1 quarter to tthey next. So that curve was relatively flat during tthey year. And while we continue to expect that ttheyre will be erosion over time and sale – net revenue will continue to decrease over time, we believe we’re seeing that tthey decrease has begun to stabilize or tthey rate has begun to stabilize. We believe that tthey durability of tthey product is due to a number of factors. First, our field sales team is continuing to call on MS specialists. Ttheyy have maintained strong relationships ttheyre. We support tthey product, physicians and patients remain loyal to tthey brand and tthey support we provided earns that loyalty education. We continue to provide, for example, our First Step Program in which commercially insured patients get ttheyir first 2 months of AMPYRA free. And ttheyn we mitigate ttheyir out-of-pocket co-pay cost for commercially insured patients, and we continue to provide physician and reimbursement support. Now I’m going to turn ttheir over to Mike Gesser, our CFO, who will provide you with an overview of tthey financials and 2022 guidance. Mike? Mike Gesser Thank you, Ron. Our financials are summarized in ttheir table and in more detail in our press release and 10-K. As previously noted, we saw a continued increase in our INBRIJA net revenue 12% fourth quarter over fourth quarter and 22% year-over-year, while AMPYRA net revenue decreased 11% fourth quarter over fourth quarter and 16% year-over-year. R&D and SG&A expenses decreased as a result of restructuring to reduce costs and more closely aligned operating expenses to tthey expected revenue. GAAP net loss decreased quarter-over-quarter Q4 2020 included a $57.9 million charge to write down assets theyld for sale to tthey fair value less cost to sell. And that’s referring to tthey Ctheylsea manufacturing facility. Non-GAAP net loss, which excludes tthey loss on assets theyld for sale, non-cash stock-based compensation, non-cash interest expense and restructuring costs also decreased quarter-over-quarter due to tthey reduction in operating expenses. Due to a modified payment sctheydule in our amended agreement with Catalent, fixed manufacturing charges were eliminated between Q3 of 2021 and Q2 of 2022, resulting in improvement in cash by $5.3 million in 2021. For 2022, Acorda expects AMPYRA net revenue to be in tthey range of $68 to $78 million. We expect operating expenses to be in tthey range of $110 million to $120 million. And as we previously announced, given tthey uncertainty about how long tthey pandemic will continue to impact INBRIJA revenues, we’re not providing revenue guidance on INBRIJA at ttheir time. Now I’ll turn it back to you, Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thanks Mike. So moving forward, we are focusing on building long-term value at Acorda by executing on tthey key goals you see theyre. Accelerating INBRIJA’s trajectory, obviously key, maintaining tthey strength of tthey AMPYRA brand, optimizing our financial structure and continuing to work on that, including looking at our long-term debt, staying close to our bondholders and devising tthey most optimal ways of dealing with that wtheyn it comes due 3 years or so from now. We are looking at new opportunities for tthey ARCUS technology, and I’ll touch on each of those in more detail. First, INBRIJA. We believe that tthey receding of tthey pandemic, as I said, will present us with significant opportunities. First, tthey return to pre-pandemic routines for many patients and practices are going to increase our opportunities for impactful touch points with ttheym, tthey resuming of a more normal sctheydule of in-person office visits, reopening of practices to in-person interactions with our sales representatives, tthey resumption of in-person speaker programs. All of that will enable us to educate more effectively about tthey potential benefits and tthey correct use of INBRIJA. Ttheyse will also enable physicians and ottheyr theyalth care providers to provide in-person training to ttheyir patients, which we know to be more effective. We also theyar from people with Parkinson’s that ttheyy are eager to resume a more active lifestyle and being active is an important way that ttheyy theylp to combat ttheyir disease. And we, ttheyrefore, expect ttheym to be even more receptive to tthey benefits that INBRIJA can provide in addressing ttheyir OFF periods. Throughout tthey pandemic, we’ve also continued to refine our digital targeting and outreach for patients, ttheyir care partners and for theyalthcare providers. We’ve added before and after videos to tthey inbrija.com website, which you can ctheyck out. I think ttheyy compellingly demonstrate INBRIJA’s potential benefits for patients. Our online ads have accumulated to ttheir point, millions of views and ttheyy have resulted in hundreds of thousands of visits to our websites but we’re actually not abandoning that at all. We are continuing to enhance ttheyse funds in 2022 as an important adjunct to tthey in-person interactions. We’re also expanding our e-prescribing platform nationally. Ttheir is something that we piloted in tthey second half of last year. We’re very excited about it because as a specialty drug, ttheyre are certain special ways that are required for prescribing INBRIJA. Ttheyre is a special form of prescription request form or PRF. Many offices find those sorts of things. Ttheyy impose friction on tthey process because ttheyy are used for most drugs to just using ttheyir e-prescribing platform. We are now able by working with a very good vendor who has figured out how to do ttheir well, we are able to provide ttheym with tthey option of just using ttheyir regular e-prescribing platform, which still will allow us to get tthey data we need to provide tthey patient support that is so important for tthey product. As I also mentioned previously, ESTEVE plans to launch INBRIJA in Germany by midyear ttheir year, in Spain in early 2023, and we are continuing our discussions with several parties for additional territories in Europe and tthey rest of tthey world. With regard to AMPYRA, as you saw, sales remained stable quarter-over-quarter throughout 2021. Tthey rate of decline appeared to be leveling off during tthey year. And while we expect tthey brand to continue to decline against generics over time, we’ve been very pleased by its durability to date and it is providing us with vital revenue as we continue to work to accelerate tthey growth of INBRIJA. And our third key factor, we are continuing to exercise fiscal discipline, and we are looking to achieve our goal of being cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022 and cash flow positive in 2023. In addition to tthey $60 million reduction in expenses that we made over 2020, we expect to realize new revenue sources. And as I mentioned, those include reversion of tthey royalties from Biogen on ex-U.S. sales of FAMPYRA back to Acorda around midyear. Ttheyse are double-digit tiered royalties on net sales of ex-U.S. FAMPYRA, and so we expect that will be a significant addition. And we also expect to begin to receive revenue from our supply agreements with ESTEVE ttheir year by midyear for Germany and ttheyn in 2023 for Spain. I also note that Acorda’s convertible debt will become due in December 2024. And as I alluded to earlier, we have maintained open lines of communication with our bondholders, our leadership team and Board have been exploring and are continuing to consider various options for optimally addressing tthey debt at tthey appropriate time. And our fourth key goal is to build on a significant asset that tthey company has. And that’s tthey ARCUS technology platform for delivering medications via tthey lung. That technology has now been validated by tthey approval of INBRIJA in both tthey U.S. and tthey EU. We are discussing collaborations with several ottheyr companies that have expressed interest in formulating ttheyir novel molecules for pulmonary delivery. And in fact, we’ve already been performing feasibility studies on some of those opportunities. So that completes our year-end report, and we will now open tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Tthey first question is from tthey line of Muzamil Saleem with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Mr. Saleem, your line is open. Muzamil Saleem Can you theyar me okay? Ron Cotheyn Yes. Hi, ttheyre. I can theyar you now. Muzamil Saleem Excellent. Thanks, Ron and thanks, Tierney for taking my questions. I’m representing Ram Selvaraju at H.C. Wainwright. So first of all, regarding tthey INBRIJA launch in Germany and Spain, we were just wondering why tthey Spanish launch is happening after that of Germany despite being negotiated first? Ron Cotheyn Tthey – you may recall tthey German NDA authority did not require a reimbursement dossier to be submitted for INBRIJA, which is very good news because that cuts through a lot of tthey time that ottheyrwise would be consumed in submitting and ttheyn negotiating and so on. So ESTEVE is able to launch at will, and ttheyy are just putting in tthey preparations on tthey commercial launch and ttheyy will select tthey price and ttheyy will move forward. My understanding is that in Spain, ttheyre are just more eyes to dot so that it’s a bit after, but ttheyy are still expecting it in early 2023. Muzamil Saleem I appreciate tthey granularity ttheyre. Glad to see tthey durable AMPYRA sales. We were wondering if your strategy of offering 2, 3 months of tthey drug for commercially insured patients and in-person marketing to MS specialists will remain tthey same or are you going to change ttheir strategy going forward? Ron Cotheyn We don’t have immediate plans to change under tthey ttheyory that if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. We think that, that has been very theylpful in emphasizing to both patients and ttheyir physicians, our commitment to ttheym are ongoing. We’ve always been very committed to tthey MS patient community and we are continuing to demonstrate that in every way that we reasonably can. Muzamil Saleem Okay, excellent. Thank you for taking our questions and congratulations on quarter. Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Saleem. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. I will now pass tthey conference over to Tierney Saccavino for any additional remarks. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Tania. So ttheir quarter, we gave our investors tthey opportunity to write in questions to tthey management team wtheyn ttheyy registered and thanks to all those who participated. I’m going to read tthey questions that have been written in and ask Dr. Cotheyn to respond. We had several questions on a similar topic, which I have combined into tthey following question. Why do you want to use equity to pay tthey debt interest wtheyn tthey stock price is depressed? Will you consider establishing a minimum stock price before you can use stock to repay tthey debt interest? Ron Cotheyn Yes. So let me be tthey first to say that we certainly do not want to. We are all – all of us theyre are shareholders, and so our interests are aligned with those of all tthey shareholders. So we are very acutely aware that, particularly at tthey current what would regard as depressed valuation that paying in stock is dilutive, and it’s much more dilutive than we would optimally like. We have to balance all that at any given time with our need for cash in tthey company and tthey longer term goals. And tthey longer term goal theyre and tthey most important goal is to restore tthey company to a cash flow positive footing and be able to grow from ttheyre and grow shareholder value. And ultimately, if we keep our eye on that ball and we execute and we succeed in that goal, yes, we will have had some dilution along tthey way, but one hopes that tthey increase in shareholder value that we can achieve over time will more than make up to that. Now again, we are not eager to pay ttheyse interest payments in stock. It’s something that tthey Board and tthey leadership team review every time we have a payment coming due, we look at it versus tthey cash on hand in tthey company, wtheyre we are in our trajectory, wtheyre we are in achieving tthey long-term goals of tthey company, and we make tthey termination based on what we believe is in tthey best long-term interest of shareholders. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Tthey next question is around tthey same topic but a different focus. It says, are you aware of tthey increased insured interest atheyad of every debt interest payment over tthey last 2 years and tthey manipulative effect it has on tthey determination of tthey amount of shares issued in connection with tthey payment? Has tthey way you have managed expenses resulted in tthey necessity of paying tthey debt interest in shares? Ron Cotheyn Okay. So I think ttheyre are a couple of pieces ttheyre. So let me take tthey last part of that first since tthey first part is more speculative. As I believe I indicated in tthey presentation, we have been assiduous and laser-focused on managing expenses theyre. And if you look at comparables and ottheyr companies who also have products and are commercializing and have a need to invest in that commercialization in order to grow tthey products to wtheyre ttheyy need to be, I think you’ll find that we match up quite favorably. We have cut about third of our operating expenses over tthey last 2 years, $60 million. And beyond a certain point, you can only cut so far before you’re cutting into bone. And you don’t want to be ttheyre. You want to have a balance wtheyre you’re able to invest in what you need to invest in order to grow tthey company, in order to grow tthey revenue stream over time and to get tthey company wtheyre it needs to be as a theyalthy and vibrant and growing cash flow positive organization. With regard to what people do before those interest payments come up, we can – unfortunately, we cannot control tthey market. We can only control what we are doing in tthey company. And as I said, we are – wtheynever ttheyse interest payments are going to come up, we look very carefully togettheyr with tthey Board at what unbalance tthey best option is. So I will tell you, we do not have a preconceived notion about how we’re going to handle tthey next payment or tthey next payment after that. We deal with it as it comes, and we do it based on an assessment of wtheyre tthey company is relative to its goals and its cash position. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Here is tthey next question, says I have been an investor for tthey last 3 years and management has done a good job coping with tthey epidemic theyadwinds and tthey loss of tthey AMPYRA patent. On tthey ottheyr hand, your market cap is far below and comparable company in terms of revenues. Management has said that by tthey end of 2022, you aim to be cash flow neutral on a run rate basis. It’s time to change momentum and declare a stock buyback plan. Is ttheir something you consider? Ron Cotheyn So I guess I would observe that stock buybacks have ttheyir place. It’s very much similar to tthey answer I gave on tthey last question, which is, right now, cash is king for tthey company. And we need tthey cash to be able to get to a cash flow positive state, wtheyre we’re not burning cash, right? I don’t believe, but currently, tthey best use of that cash is to buy back stock to look for what usually is a temporary bump in stock price. To me, tthey real prize is building real value in tthey company and looking at a trajectory that will take us to long-term value building. I think it’s worth also noting that tthey – that one of tthey key factors that is different from us, let’s say, given tthey type of revenue, tthey level of revenue we have relative to certain ottheyr companies you might compare us to is that we do have that long-term convertible debt overhang. And that is a large part of tthey issue on tthey current valuation. And as I indicated, we’re obviously well aware of it, and tthey Board and tthey leadership team are keeping close to our bondholders and working on a number of options that we can consider for dealing with that debt. And again, it’s not due until tthey end of 2024, but we are already working on and off. Tierney Saccavino Great. Thank you. Tthey next question is – says, INBRIJA sales and trajectory have been very disappointing and COVID can no longer be used as an excuse. What are you doing to get INBRIJA sales to a $100 million annual run rate ttheir year? Ron Cotheyn Well, it’s hard to know how to answer that question as opposed. I think we have answered it in tthey presentation in multiple ways. So I would guide tthey questioner to what tthey points we’ve made about what we are doing. I will say that I do not believe that tthey pandemic is an excuse for wtheyre we are. And in fact, as I noted, I think tthey fact that we saw a 22% growth year-over-year is quite something, considering tthey pandemic and all of tthey factors that I pointed to, those are real. Ttheyre is – I wish ttheyy weren’t real. I don’t believe in making excuses, but I also believe you have to see reality for what it is or you cannot solve tthey problems that are being thrown at you. So that’s really it. We’ve laid out what our plan is to grow sales. It is a terrific drug. Tthey patients who are on it, love it. We theyar from ttheym all tthey time about what it has been doing for ttheym and how grateful ttheyy are. I just got – 2 weeks ago, I just got a big box of homemade treats from one grateful patient, which I shared with my colleagues. We are working on it. And I think to tthey extent that we are hopefully seeing tthey pandemic getting to a very livable state, we’re going to reap tthey benefits of that in tthey trajectory of INBRIJA going forward. Tierney Saccavino Great. Thanks very much. That was tthey last question that came in by tthey time we started tthey call. So again, thanks to all investors who participated in sending in some questions, and we look forward to continuing tthey dialogue question, next quarter. Ron, I’m going to turn it over to you to close tthey call. Ron Cotheyn Thank you for joining. Thank you, Tierney, and thank you all for joining us and watch your space. We look forward to updating you at our coming calls. Operator That concludes tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics fourth quarter 2021 financial and business update. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.