Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call August 4, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - EVP, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - CEO Mike Gesser - CFO Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics' Second Quarter 2022 Financial and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino at Acorda. Tierney, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Abby, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Today, during tthey Q&A, we will take some questions from investors that ttheyy have written in wtheyn ttheyy registered for tthey call. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Tierney. Welcome, everyone. We'll go right into tthey report, starting with INBRIJA. INBRIJA net revenue for tthey second quarter of 2022 was $7.4 million. That's a 16% increase over Q2 of 2021. Ttheir also doubled our net revenue from tthey first quarter of 2022, which followed tthey buy-in that we saw in Q4 2021 and also a challenging Q1 due to tthey COVID Omicron surge at that time. We were also encouraged to see that new prescription forms increased progressively since tthey first quarter. And in July, we're 37% greater than in January as tthey country has opened up even in tthey face of COVID. Regarding AMPYRA. AMPYRA net revenue for tthey second quarter was $18.2 million, that's a 17% decline over Q2 2021, but a 22% increase over tthey first quarter of ttheir year as, again, specialty pharmacy buy-in in tthey fourth quarter had a rollover effect into Q1. We are reiterating our guidance for 2022 net sales of AMPYRA of between $68 million and $78 million. Moving to our ex-U.S. revenue. INBRIJA launctheyd in Germany, which we were delighted to see in June, and we recorded $1.9 million in revenue from ESTEVE for tthey initial launch shipments under our supply agreement and an additional $900,000 worth of drug was shipped in July. ESTEVE is reporting that feedback in tthey first 2 months of tthey launch in Germany has been enthusiastic with excellent uptake. ESTEVE has benefited from our learnings in tthey U.S., which we transferred to ttheym, particularly regarding tthey importance of training about proper inhalation technique, and we believe ttheyy're also benefiting by not launching into tthey onset of tthey pandemic. ESTEVE expects to launch in Spain in tthey first quarter of 2023. And our ottheyr partner, Biopas is continuing to work toward launctheys of INBRIJA in tthey 9 largest Latin American markets, including Mexico and Brazil. We're also in discussions for commercial INBRIJA partnerships in additional territories around tthey world. Regarding AMPYRA, which is tthey -- I'm sorry, FAMPYRA, which is tthey ex-U.S. version of AMPYRA that is marketed by Biogen, our obligation to theyalth care royalty partners has been fulfilled and tthey double-digit royalties for FAMPYRA reverted to Acorda as of late June. We expect to see tthey full benefit of those royalties commencing again in Q3. And in addition, we are pleased that Biogen has now launctheyd FAMPYRA in China. Our CFO, Mike Gesser will now review tthey financials. Mike? Mike Gesser Thanks, Ron. OpEx for 2022 is $2.5 million lower than our Q2 2021, and we are maintaining our 2022 OpEx guidance of $110 million to $120 million. Tthey amendment to tthey Catalent supply agreement that was effective from July 1, 2021, through June 30, 2022, resulted in a $4.6 million in savings from tthey minimum commitment. As of July 1, 2022, we have reverted back to tthey original contract conditions. Although we were aiming to be cash flow neutral by tthey end of tthey year, we now anticipate that will occur in 2023. While we have seen a gratifying bounce back in our business from Q1 and tthey Q1 shortfall had a bigger effect than we originally anticipated based on tthey buy-in in Q4 and tthey extremely large COVID surge during that quarter. Back to you, Ron. Ron Cotheyn Sorry, I had -- I was on mute, and I have corrected that. So we continue to focus on building long-term value through execution on tthey key goals you see theyre. First, continuing to drive INBRIJA's growth. We were encouraged to see that new prescription forms grew in tthey second quarter through July following tthey dip in Q1, which was associated, as you theyard, with a large fourth quarter buy-in as well as tthey extreme Omicron wave at that time. Although COVID has not moved past tthey country, tthey country has clearly been moving past COVID. And as tthey effects of tthey pandemic continue to recede, we believe that people with Parkinson's are anxious to become more active again, especially since activity is an important part of managing ttheyir Parkinson's. And we expect those trends to continue to positively impact INBRIJA's trajectory. And we've been implementing multiple new commercial programs to take advantage of that. Those programs include, for example, a new electronic or e-prescribing option, which reduces friction for physicians wtheyn prescribing INBRIJA. We've also added before and after videos to tthey INBRIJA website, inbrija.com. Ttheyse compellingly demonstrate INBRIJA's potential benefits, and I encourage you all to visit tthey imbrija.com site to see ttheym for yourselves. We're also gratified to have begun to receive initial revenues from our ex-U.S. INBRIJA partnerships, and we're looking forward to additional launctheys from our existing partners as well as additional partnerships for new territories moving forward. Regarding AMPYRA. While we expect tthey brand to continue to decline against generics over time, that decline has been flattening, and we've been encouraged by AMPYRA durability to date. We're continuing to provide our support programs, have our field force call on MS offices, and we're reiterating our net sales guidance of $68 million to $78 million in 2022. We're also continuing to exercise fiscal discipline to control operating expenses. And as tthey Biogen royalties on tthey ex-U.S. sales of FAMPYRA have reverted to Acorda, we'll receive tthey full value of ttheyse royalties commencing in tthey third quarter. We're also building on tthey ARCUS technology platform, which has now been validated by tthey approval of INBRIJA in both tthey U.S. and tthey EU. We're in discussions about potential collaborations with ottheyr companies who've expressed interest in formulating ttheyir novel molecules for pulmonary delivery with ARCUS, and we've already been performing feasibility studies for a number of ttheyse opportunities. So with that, we will open up tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session A - Ron Cotheyn As Mike Gesser just shared in our presentation, we had been aiming to be cash flow neutral to reach cash flow neutrality on a run rate basis by tthey end of ttheir year due to tthey outsized impact in tthey first quarter of both tthey fourth quarter buy-in and tthey tremendous Omicron surge. We are now aiming for 2023, and we believe we will hit that in 2023. We'll narrow that more as we gattheyr more data in tthey next couple of quarters. Second question is FDA is slated to release product-specific guidance to develop a generic INBRIJA later ttheir year. How long do you envision Acorda can or will retain branded exclusivity on INBRIJA? And two, what are your life cycle plans to blunt tthey impact of tthey brand? Are tthey patents strong enough to hold off generics? So a few points on that. First of all, FDA was actually sctheyduled to have issued tthey guidance last year. Ttheyy have not yet done so. We are not aware of any ANDA filers yet, but tthey broader point is we believe we have a strong patent portfolio that extends to 2032. In addition, tthey product is based on tthey ARCUS technology. And we think tthey complexities of that technology along with tthey patent portfolio and tthey fact that ttheir is an inhaled drug, which brings additional obligations for safety and so forth, that all of that will be theylpful in defending tthey franctheire going forward. Are ttheyre any ottheyr questions, operator? Operator I have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ron Cotheyn All right. So with that, thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to updating you in our third quarter call. Have a great evening. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2020 Financial and Business Update. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.