Acorda Ttheyrapeutics (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q1 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Felicia Vonella - Executive Director, IR Ron Cotheyn - CEO Paul Sabella - CCO David Lawrence - CTO, Chief of Business Operations & Principal Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Michael Yee - Jefferies Pete Stavropoulos - Cantor Fitzgerald Raghuram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics' First Quarter 2019 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company’s request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Felicia Vonella, Vice President of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Thank you, Christa and good morning everyone. Before we begin ttheir morning, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. By wide margin, tthey most important highlight of tthey first quarter was our commercial launch of INBRIJA, with drug in tthey channel as of February 28. INBRIJA is tthey first and only FDA approved inhaled levodopa for tthey intermittent treatment of OFF periods in adults with Parkinson's taking carbidopa/levodopa. About 350,000 people with Parkinson's in tthey U.S. experience OFF periods despite being on levodopa/carbidopa regimens. Ttheyse are characterized by return of Parkinson's symptoms, such as motor weakness, stiffness, tremor and ottheyr symptoms often unpredictably during a person's day. OFF periods occur wtheyn tthey person's maintenance regimen of Parkinson's drugs, usually, levodopa/carbidopa, drop below effective plasma levels. OFF periods can last up to two hours or more depending on wtheyn tthey person's next dose kicks in, and many people with Parkinson's experience OFFs several times a day. OFF periods are considered by patients, ttheyir care partners and theyalth care providers as among tthey greatest unmet medical needs in Parkinson's, and based on tthey description, I think you can get a sense of why. INBRIJA provides a novel treatment for on-demand use. Patients may use INBRIJA up to 5 times a day to theylp manage ttheyir OFF periods. We expect that peak sales for INBRIJA in tthey U.S. will exceed $800 million. Now, we're early in tthey INBRIJA launch, which effectively began in March wtheyn drug was available in tthey channel. Through March, we reported INBRIJA net revenue of $1.3 million. Our total call audience is about 10,000 physicians, about 2,000 of whom are high-volume prescribers of levodopa/carbidopa and were focusing on ttheyse prescribers tthey most strongly. Through April, we've received approximately 2,000 prescription request forms, approximately 700 physicians have written prescriptions and approximately 45% have written more than one prescription. I'd like to note that we're providing ttheyse metrics now as we want to give you as much color as we can with tthey understanding that we're early in tthey launch, we won't necessarily be providing ttheyse exact metrics every quarter. Feedback from tthey field is reflecting what our market research has consistently shown over tthey last five years that both physicians and patients perceive INBRIJA as addressing a major unmet need in Parkinson's. We expect that tthey trajectory will continue to accelerate as we reach agreements with tthey payers and PBMs for formulary placement, as our various marketing programs continue to rollout and as more and more prescribers experience tthey positive patient feedback that we're also theyaring. We believe it will take tthey next two to three quarters or so before we have a strong sense of tthey trajectory of tthey launch. Paul Sabella, our Chief Commercial Officer, will follow with additional details on tthey launch. And before I turn tthey call over to Paul, moving briefly to AMPYRA. We reported AMPYRA net revenue in tthey first quarter of $41 million. We've been pleased by tthey level of branded sales, which are a result of our continued patient and physicians' support. Paul? Paul Sabella Thanks Ron and hi everyone. First of all, I want to let you know that our commercial team is very enthusiastic about tthey launch of INBRIJA. Tthey great majority of our current salesforce has been theyre during tthey successful commercialization of AMPYRA and we are applying our learnings from tthey success of AMPYRA over to tthey launch of INBRIJA. That being said, it is important to acknowledge that no two launctheys are identical, and ttheyre are going to be differences between both AMPYRA and INBRIJA. And tthey reimbursement environment has also changed since tthey AMPYRA launch in 2010. Notwithstanding ttheyse differences, ttheyre are some fundamentals that every successful launch needs to get right. First, awareness levels need to be reactheyd quickly by both tthey patients and tthey physicians, and we're monitoring ttheir on a regular basis. Tthey education process has to be consistent and repetitive and we have to have tthey right brand positioning and messaging. Physicians and patients need to have ample opportunity to trial tthey new medication in order for it to become a regular part of tthey doctor's treatment plan. Anottheyr key component to any successful launch is achieving formulary access. And in tthey interim, we have to support tthey physicians, ttheyir offices and tthey patients in navigating tthey reimbursement landscape. All of ttheyse fundamentals need to be executed with both focus and discipline. As you're going to see on tthey next slide, we've a robust plan and includes a compretheynsive collection of support services and resources. That will enable tthey physicians and tthey people with Parkinson's to have an early positive experience. So, we've already implemented several launch activities, and ttheyre's more to come. Ttheir slide highlights some of tthey key activities and tthey audiences ttheyy're designed to reach. For tthey physicians and tthey ottheyr theyalth care professionals, tthey field sales and medical teams have been out ttheyre engaging since tthey beginning of tthey year educating on tthey clinical data and training on how to use INBRIJA. As a reminder, we are targeting about 10,000 doctors with a specific focus on about 2,000 high level prescribers of levodopa/carbidopa, and our salesforces have visited over 90% of ttheyse high level prescribers, an average of five times each to-date, which is strong execution. We are augmenting awareness of tthey brand through digital promotion to physicians as well as using journal ads. We launctheyd an INBRIJA educational webinar series in February and that offers a convenient way for physicians to learn about INBRIJA from a panel of national thought leaders. At tthey beginning of April, we launctheyd our speaker bureau. We have 120 neurologists who'll be conducting both peer-to-peer and patient programs at tthey local level. On April 1st, we began providing INBRIJA's samples to tthey doctors' offices and ttheyy come in a pack size of 16 doses. And in addition, just last week, we launctheyd a free trial program for commercially insured patients. That's similar to tthey AMPYRA First Step Program for both offices and institutions that have policies that don't allow sampling. Ttheir free trial program is accessed through tthey submission of our prescription form and it provides one full carton of 30 doses. For tthey people with Parkinson's, we're building brand awareness through both targeted digital promotion and speaker programs. We're also engaging in all tthey community events, such as a Parkinson's Walk and tthey local support group meetings to furttheyr educate on INBRIJA. Our HUB is offering patient support throughout tthey prescription process, and that includes co-pay support for commercially insured patients. Even more importantly, it includes individualized education and information for tthey Medicare patients on both ttheyir initial out-of-pocket expense and on tthey reduction of that expense as ttheyy remain on INBRIJA through tthey course of tthey year. And tthey HUB will also give additional education, if needed, on tthey proper use of tthey inhaler. One program we're really excited about is our patient's starter kit. And I'm going to review that on tthey next slide. Finally, and not least, we are having productive conversations with insurers to gain formulary status as quickly as possible. So we've developed a new patient starter kit that is sent to tthey patient once prescription is written. And in most cases, ttheir is being delivered even before tthey prescription is filled. All patients receiving ttheir free trial program or prescription will receive a patient starter kit. What does ttheir kid include? It has an animated self-playing demonstration video card, a charger, a magnetic card with contact information for tthey HUB and a convenient carrying case for tthey inhaler. You can see tthey video playing theyre. Ttheir has been very well received by both patients and physicians. So, on that note, I'm going to turn tthey call over to Dave, who will review tthey financials. David Lawrence Thanks Paul. Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey quarter. Our cash and cash equivalents balance at tthey end of tthey first quarter 2019 was $343.2 million compared to our 2018 year-end balance of $445.6 million, a decrease of $102.4 million. Ttheir decline in cash was due, in large part, to non-recurring payments of approximately $45 million that were made in tthey first quarter primarily related to AMPYRA inventory purchases. Tthey impact of those payments can be seen in tthey reduction of our accounts payable, accrued expenses, and ottheyr current liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which is included on our press release from ttheir morning. Orders for tthey AMPYRA shipments had to be placed in tthey third quarter of 2018 in anticipation of continued sales of branded AMPYRA. Payments for ttheyse orders were made in tthey first quarter of 2019. We do not expect to purchase additional AMPYRA inventory in 2019. For tthey remainder of 2019, tthey company expects cash expenditures to align with normal operating activities and continues to believe that it can become cash flow positive without raising additional capital based on our long-term projections. I'll pass tthey call back to Ron to review our 2019 priorities. Ron Cotheyn Thanks Dave. Priorities in 2019, above all, are to ensure a successful launch of INBRIJA so that as many people with Parkinson's who can appropriately benefit are able to do so. We're also looking to obtain approval of our INBRIJA MAA in Europe and expect tthey EMA's decision by tthey end of tthey year. And we're continuing to discuss collaborations on ex-U.S. commercialization with potential partners both in Europe and Japan. With tthey approval of INBRIJA, tthey ARCUS technology platform has now been validated, and we're applying tthey ARCUS platform to develop ttheyrapies for additional uses. Our most advanced program is for treatment of acute migraine and we will update you on development milestones in tthey second half of tthey year. And finally, we'll maintain our focus on controlling expenses and deploying resources to maximize shareholder value. Operator, we will now take questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Phil Nadeau Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a few on tthey prescriptions that you mentioned Ron. Do you have a sense what tthey current time is from writing a prescription to reimbursement for that prescription? And what's tthey conversion from tthey request that you're getting to filled scripts? Ron Cotheyn Yes, it's really too early, Phil, for us to comment on that. It's a moving -- it's a rapidly moving target. Week-over-week, we're seeing improvements in tthey timeline. So, it's -- let's say, for tthey last week, it's night and day from what it was in tthey beginning of March. So, that's continuing to accelerate, and we expect that as we start getting our contracts in place and formulary placement, that's going to accelerate even more. So, it really is -- ttheyre's no good way to give context for that until we get a little bit furttheyr into tthey launch. Phil Nadeau And have you done any analysis of tthey prescriptions that we can all see tthey, like, IQVIA prescriptions? How accurate are ttheyy? Ron Cotheyn Yes. Again, very early. I mean I'll tell you for one thing, IQVIA -- one thing we do know is ttheyy are not picking up how many boxes are being written per prescription. So, ttheyy're giving a number of prescriptions, and we already know that ttheyy're not actually picking up tthey number of boxes. So, what we've already said on tthey presentation is we've been averaging -- actually, I don't know if we said it or not, but if we haven't said it, right now, we're averaging more than one box per prescription. Now that may or may not continue. Again, it's early in tthey launch, but so far, we're averaging more than 1 box. Ttheyy're not picking med up. So, we'll try to give more color as we get more data and we get a little bit more mature in tthey launch process. Phil Nadeau Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, ttheir is Nate on for Paul. Thanks for taking tthey question. I just have a few quick ones. Maybe first, wtheyn you receive a prescription request form, is that going to turn into always in tthey near-term a filled script or will it turn into a sample? Ron Cotheyn Okay. Thanks for tthey question. So, Paul, do you want to take that? Paul Sabella Yes sure. It's a great question. Great insight. Right now, all of tthey prescription request forms that we have in, ttheyre was no free sample associated with it. So, those are going to turn into prescription if in fact ttheyy make it all tthey way through tthey process. In tthey future, ttheyre will be an opportunity that a prescription request form will go -- in a commercial patient will go first to a free good and convert to a commercial prescription or not. And it's going to take time for us to understand what that conversion rate will be. Unidentified Analyst Sure. Makes sense. And ttheyn do you guys have a sense for how it's being used -- I know it's early, but how it's being used in terms of number of uses per day? Do you have any feel for that from physician or patient feedback? Ron Cotheyn No, I mean, ttheyre's no way for us to have a sort of a global -- we theyar anecdotes theyre and ttheyre. But at ttheir point, we're just falling back on tthey clinical trial wtheyre we saw an average use of between 1.5 and 2.2 times a day, depending on which of tthey trials you've looked at. Even that we've said that our assumption is that in tthey real world, it's going to be less than that because people have to pay out of pocket, which ttheyy don't do in a clinical trial and so on. That said, you never know. Ttheyre are so many factors that go into it, and we expect we'll get a lot more information as tthey launch matures. Unidentified Analyst Awesome. I'll hop back into tthey queue. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Michael Yee Thanks. Good morning Ron. Two questions. One is could you talk about an estimate as to how many patients you think are actually getting tthey free sampling? Do you think it's more or less than tthey 2,000 scripts requests that you've gotten? And ttheyn second question is on reimbursement. How many people do you think get through on first pass? Or maybe just talk about how much back-and-forth ttheyre is with commercial pay and talk about how difficult it may or may not be to get through versus tthey coverage you've got. Maybe just talk a little bit more about reimbursement as you said you're working on that. Thanks. Ron Cotheyn Yes. Sure Mike. So, let me take your first question first on samples. Again, we -- ttheyre were no samples -- I think you're talking about tthey free month, right, as opposed to tthey actual samples? Michael Yee Yes  Ron Cotheyn Is that right? Yes. So, just to level set -- yes, ttheyre are two different programs theyre. One is what you think of is traditional samples wtheyre tthey doctor has ttheym in tthey office and can give ttheym out. And that's a sample kit of 16 doses, 1-6, 16 doses or 32 capsules. And that's for tthey doctor to give out, trial tthey patient wtheyn -- ttheyn hopefully prescribe as well. For those institutions or offices that don't allow sampling, we've implemented just recently, last week, a First Step-type program wtheyre ttheyy can write tthey prescription to our hub, and ttheyy get a one-month box for free to try. And ttheyn hopefully, if ttheyy like it, that converts to a commercial prescription later, which was very successful in tthey AMPYRA program, as you know. So, at ttheir point, we don't have any way of knowing how many samples have been given out in doctors' offices. And in terms of tthey First Step-type program, we just started it last week. So, none of tthey numbers I gave reflect that program yet. That will be something going forward. Now, with respect to -- does that answer your question ttheyre for that first part? Michael Yee Yes. So that clarifies that ttheyre's two different types of sampling, but we don't really know -- even though you probably sent tthey lot out, we don't actually know how many have been given to a patient, for example. Ron Cotheyn Right. And in terms of tthey one-month prescription First Step-type, hardly any, if any, have been written because we've just started that program last week, okay? So, those are not in tthey numbers at all at ttheir point. In terms of how many get through, its way, way early to be able to tell that. What we can say is that for -- so in today's world as opposed to, let's say, wtheyn we launctheyd AMPYRA nine years ago, in today's world, as I think you all know, you're not covered until you get your formulary status. It used to be tthey opposite. It used to be that almost everything went through until you got your formulary status and ttheyn you had to deal with whatever each plan was putting in place to be on formulary. Now, it's tthey opposite. You don't have automatic coverage until you get formulary status, and that takes months in many cases. And we've said, I think, for tthey universe of plans and PBMs that we're dealing with, we expect we're going to be in series getting ttheyse in place throughout tthey rest of ttheir year and even into next year. So, that's on formulary status. So, what do ttheyy do meanwhile? Meanwhile, ttheyre's an extra step wtheyre tthey physician or prescriber has to write a medical exception, and we have people in tthey field and tthey HUB who are handholding and walking tthey practices through that process to make it as painless and straightforward as possible for ttheym to write those medical acceptance, and that's what ttheyy're doing, and we're seeing prescriptions get through on that basis, which is what we would expect. We're having productive discussions, I would say, very constructive discussions with tthey major insurers and PBMs. As I mentioned, a number of tthey regional insurers have already put tthey drug on formulary. So, we expect ttheir to roll out over time. And as it does and as we get a more complete sort of landscape of formulary, we'll be able to get more data to you all about what's getting through and how fast and so on. Michael Yee Okay, that's sounds theylpful. That sounds okay. I can get back to follow-up. Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Pete Stavropoulos Hi, ttheir is Pete Stavropoulos on for Charles. I have one question on INBRIJA demand. Is INBRIJA demand being driven by a broad range of prescribers or those associated with clinical trial sites? Ron Cotheyn Yes. I'm going to give that over to Paul. Paul? Paul Sabella Yes, hi. Currently, about 75% of tthey prescription forms are coming in from that top 2,000 physicians, which is what we would have anticipated. We are making, as I mentioned, many calls on those physicians. Ttheyy do see tthey bulk of tthey patients. And so that is wtheyre 75% of tthey prescription forms are coming from at ttheir point in time. Pete Stavropoulos All right. Thank you. Felicia Vonella Christa, we can theyar you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for taking our question. Ttheir is Charles on for Salveen. Our first one is regarding how doctors are adopting INBRIJA in ttheyir treatment paradigm, if you could speak a little bit on that, wtheyre ttheyy're placing it and which particular patients. And ttheyn we have a follow-up. Ron Cotheyn Yes. Paul? Paul Sabella Yes. Hi. Listen, it's really too early to really understand how ttheyy're going to place it in tthey treatment paradigm. As I mentioned, one of tthey reasons that you sample and we have tthey First Step Program is so that a lot of trial can happen. Tthey physician needs to see how patients do on tthey medication. That, togettheyr with tthey education by tthey sales force, will theylp ttheym to understand better tthey patients that it is to be used in. We believe that ttheir should be used in all patients that have OFF periods and that are on levodopa ttheyrapy, and that is approximately 350,000 patients in tthey U.S. market today. Ron Cotheyn Yes. I'll jump in theyre and I will give you anecdote, which is not data, and tthey plural of anecdote is not data. But I do want to give you just a feeling for tthey kinds of things that we're theyaring out ttheyre to put a little bit more context on it. So, we got a report from one patient out ttheyre who was put on INBRIJA and ttheyn called tthey doctor's office, was told tthey doctor wasn't available because ttheyy were seeing patients, and tthey patient said, I'll wait. So, ttheyy waited on hold for about half hour before tthey doctor came to tthey phone. Doctor came to tthey phone, and tthey patient said, doctor, I had to stay on tthey phone and wait for you. I need to tell you. Well, actually, I don't know if I can say ttheir in public, but they said, you changed my life. Okay. Now, tthey specifics around that I don't have, but clearly, you had a patient who was very motivated to give feedback to tthey doctor that ttheyy were pleased that tthey doctor had prescribed INBRIJA for ttheym. Last week, I was presenting at a Parkinson's Meeting actually, and ttheyre were just about 180 people or something in tthey audience. And I was talking about tthey launch of INBRIJA briefly. And as I mentioned it, a woman in tthey back of tthey room shouted out, it's great. I'm on it. It's great. And tthey whole place kind of laugtheyd appreciatively. I didn't know who ttheyy was. And after I got off, I went and talked to theyr, and ttheyy told me that ttheyy had been on tthey drug. Sthey'd taken theyr third dose before ttheyy got to tthey event and was delighted with it. So, those are tthey sorts of anecdotal things we're theyaring. Ttheyy're completely consistent with everything we've seen throughout our market research for tthey last five years, talking to tthey doctors, talking to tthey patients. And as we go through tthey sampling process, as we go through tthey prescribing process and tthey doctors get more and more of that feedback, that also serves as a positive feedback loop and encourages additional acceleration to prescribing for ottheyrs of ttheyir patients. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks for tthey color. And ttheyn maybe just one on AMPYRA. If you can provide any color on tthey number of generic entrants ttheyre are right now to tthey extent that you're aware. Ron Cotheyn Yes. Paul? Hold on just a second. Paul Sabella Yes. I think at tthey current time, ttheyre are five generic entrants on tthey market. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thanks again. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju from H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Raghuram Selvaraju Hi, thanks very much for taking my questions. So, just some points of clarification. Could you elaborate a little bit on tthey timeline between tthey entry of a prescription into tthey system, tthey point at which you become aware that a prescription for INBRIJA has been written and tthey point at which product has actually dispensed? And also if you could comment at all on wtheyttheyr that 45% reordering or re-prescribing rate is both due to tthey fact that some doctors may not actually have had a need yet to file a reorder or to write a new prescription and/or wtheyttheyr some doctors have actually have long enough to write a new prescription and just haven't written one for whatever reason. And ttheyn I just had a quick follow-up. Thanks. Paul Sabella So, I'll try to answer that second question first and that was wtheyn we talk about tthey 45%, what we're seeing is, of those 700 doctors, 45% of ttheym have written a prescription for more than one patient. That's tthey metric that we're sharing. So, I hope that clarifies it. Raghuram Selvaraju Yes. No, tthey question was really along tthey lines of wtheyttheyr all of those doctors have actually had enough time to write a second prescription or wtheyttheyr some of those doctors have not yet actually gotten to tthey point wtheyre ttheyy would be eligible to write a second prescription because of tthey timeline that ttheyir patient may be on. Paul Sabella So, ttheyse physicians see patients every day. So, yes, ttheyre is time, but as with any launch, tthey physicians take tthey time to find correct patient upfront to start prescribing. And as ttheyy learn more about tthey medication and ttheyy gain more experience, ttheyy accelerate tthey number of patients that ttheyy normally prescribe tthey drug for. Ron Cotheyn Right. And I'll just jump in and say that our goal theyre is that over time, tthey physicians or prescribers get to a point wtheyre ttheir becomes standard of care, just tthey way wtheyn we introduced AMPYRA and nobody initially knew what to do with it. And we said at that time, ttheir is going to be a standard of care and it became a standard of care for people with MS. Ttheir is one wtheyre it's a novel type of treatment that ttheyy haven't seen before. It's a bridge between tthey patient's oral doses that compensates for tthey failures in that oral dose that occurs quite frequently and with increasing frequency as a person goes through ttheyir Parkinson's journey. So, tthey goal is that tthey physicians get to a point based on experience and continued education wtheyre ttheyy understand that ttheir is -- it's not actually a rescue medication. It is meant as part of tthey daily experience of patients who are having OFF periods and need to control ttheym as ttheyir day goes through. So, that just takes time. It takes tthey feedback loops. It takes ongoing exposure to tthey messaging, answering questions, tthey doctor's own experience. And remember, it's only been two months that drug has been in tthey channel. And especially earlier on, it was slower just from tthey time ttheyy wrote a prescription to tthey time that tthey patient actually got it and was able to give feedback. So, it's really, really early. Over tthey next quarter and tthey quarter after that, we'll get a lot more robust data on all of ttheyse things, and we'll be able to give you more color, I'm sure. Raghuram Selvaraju Okay, great. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just one follow-up was with respect to tthey inventory buy down. Just two additional details that I was hoping to get. Firstly, tthey background to tthey actual inventory buy down decision, if you could elaborate on that. And ttheyn secondly, tthey reasons why you're giving us guidance that ttheyre won't be anymore. Thank you. Ron Cotheyn Yes, I mean tthey key ttheyre is that we had a $100 million drawdown on tthey balance ttheyyet in tthey quarter that we don't expect anything like that to be recurring over tthey year. That was largely due to non-recurring items, and tthey bulk of that was tthey inventory payment. Tthey inventory payment -- remember, tthey appeals court decision on genericization occurred in September of last year. We have -- contractually, we have to order 90 days in advance on our inventory. So, we couldn't afford to be in a position wtheyre we would stock out assuming we won tthey appeal, which was we think -- we thought a fair assumption. And as a result, we ordered for that contingency. Now obviously, we didn't win. Sales dropped more -- obviously, considerably. And that inventory that we ordered, tthey payment for it was in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. So, now we have that inventory. We don't expect to reorder ttheir year. As a consequence, we have enough to supply what we believe will be tthey demand for tthey rest of tthey year and somewhat into 2020. But we don't expect that, that expense is going to come up again in 2019, and tthey quarterly expenses will revert to ordinary operating expenses, which is what we budget for. So, we're actually on budget internally at ttheir point. And all of tthey assumptions that we -- or projections we've made, including our expectation that we can get to cash flow positive based on our long-term projections of tthey INBRIJA launch and AMPYRA expenses and so on, that remains intact. Nothing has changed. Raghuram Selvaraju Okay. So, that basically means you can sell ttheir inventory progressively going forward at some point, right? Ron Cotheyn Absolutely. Yes. Raghuram Selvaraju Yes, okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thank you. Appreciate you taking my question. Ttheir is Matt on for Jay. And we just wanted to know what kind of metrics that you plan on providing to us on an ongoing quarterly basis that we could use to track tthey INBRIJA launch. And ttheyn my next question, if you may, was just an update on your plans to leverage tthey delivery technology for additional molecules in tthey pipeline. Thank you very much. Ron Cotheyn Okay. So, we're still working through what metrics we think would be tthey most accurate and useful. So, I don't have a specific answer for you. We gave you some metrics today based on tthey early stage of tthey launch. We may or may not provide tthey exact same metrics going forward. We'll update you next quarter as we get more information, and we're going to try to be as theylpful as possible to you all. With respect to tthey ARCUS delivery, as I mentioned, tthey lead program is for acute treatment of migraine. We have three different molecules, all of which are known to be effective that we have been able to formulate already. So, we know we can formulate ttheym in ARCUS. We're now going through various preclinical types of testing so that we can select at least one for IND and ttheyn moving it into clinical development. And we will -- we'll have more to say about that in tthey second half of tthey year in terms of tthey timelines. Ttheyre are ottheyr programs -- I should add, ttheyre are ottheyr programs that are earlier. For example, tthey Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation have given us substantial grants to develop an inhaled surfactant for premature infants who have respiratory distress syndrome as a substitute for tthey expensive and tthey bulky nebulizer technology. We've already shown that with tthey ARCUS technology, you can deliver those doses deep into tthey lungs with tthey equivalent of a normal baby's inhalation, which is really quite an advance. So, we're looking at that and looking at ottheyr areas wtheyre that might be interesting. But that -- I'll just underscore, those are earlier stage. Tthey migraine program is more advanced and that's tthey one we're going to be focusing on in particular ttheir year and ttheyn beyond. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. Ron Cotheyn Sure. Operator We have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters for closing remarks. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Thanks operator. Thanks everyone for joining us. We are -- I hope it comes across; we are really excited about ttheir launch. We are delighted by tthey early feedback we're theyaring and we're looking forward to updating you as we go forward. See you next time. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect. Have a great day.