Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Felicia Vonella - Executive Director, IR Ron Cotheyn - CEO James Sabella - CCO David Lawrence - CTO, Chief of Business Operations & Principal Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Paul Matteis - Stifel Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Michael Yee - Jefferies Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Edward Marks - HC Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics' Second Quarter 2019 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company’s request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Felicia Vonella, Vice President of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Thank you, Chris. Good morning everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you all that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to ctheyck those filings. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks Felicia. Good afternoon, everyone. We made substantial progress on tthey INBRIJA launch during tthey second quarter and we're seeing encouraging signs that our efforts are gaining traction. We said last quarter that we believed it would take two to three additional quarters or into tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year before we would have a strong sense of tthey trajectory of tthey launch. And ttheir remains tthey case. Today, we reported INBRIJA net revenue for tthey quarter of $3 million. A key driver of ttheir launch is gaining formulary access in an environment wtheyre tthey vast majority of payers are not covering new products in ttheir space out of tthey gate. And I'm pleased to report that we completed our first major contract ttheir one with Express Scripts and we're already beginning to see increases in access. We also achieved formulary status with several regional plans and we expect that we're going to do so with additional major players -- major payers in tthey near future. James Sabella, our Chief Commercial Officer will follow my opening comments with additional details and analysis of tthey launch. In late July, we announced that tthey EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use or CHMP issued a positive opinion recommending INBRIJA approval by tthey European Commission. Tthey EC will now consider tthey CHMP’s opinion and its decision on granting marketing authorization for INBRIJA in Europe. And we look forward to tthey EC’s final decision later ttheir year. We're currently evaluating partnering opportunities to commercialize INBRIJA in Europe. Moving to AMPYRA, we reported second quarter AMPYRA net revenue of $44 million. We've been pleased that branded sales have remained higtheyr than our internal projections and we expect tthey 2019 AMPYRA revenue will be greater than $140 million. That said we do expect continued erosion of AMPYRA revenue over time. I'll now pass tthey call over to James. James? James Sabella Thanks Ron and good afternoon everyone. Through July, 4500 prescription requests forms have been received and over 1900 patients have received ttheyir first prescriptions. Tthey total number of cartons dispensed were greater than 6200, more than 1250 physicians have prescribed INBRIJA. During our first quarter call in April, we mentioned tthey importance of Segment A doctors which includes all tthey movement disorder specialists and high prescribing neurologists who see tthey largest number of patients. Since ttheyn we've seen increased prescribing within tthey segment from 21% to 37% of ttheyse physicians. Additionally approximately 70% of ttheyse Segment A physicians have prescribed for more than one patient. I'll discuss tthey importance of ttheir progress in more detail in tthey coming slide. We also emphasized last quarter tthey need to gain insurance access as a main lever to drive tthey prescribing of INBRIJA. As Ron pointed out INBRIJA became preferred on tthey Express Scripts National Preferred basic and high performance commercial national formularies and also on tthey non-preferred status for ttheyir Medicare Part D plan improving Access for Members with Parkinson's disease. Several key regional accounts have also added INBRIJA. With ttheyse formulary wins INBRIJA is now available without tthey need for a medical exception for approximately 51% of commercial and 18% of Medicare plan lives. We are also in late stage discussions with ottheyr key payers and do expect to have additional agreements for formulary placement in tthey near future. In June we've spent our one-month free trial program from a pilot to all commercially insured patients nationwide. Ttheir free trial program is in addition to tthey samples that we have distributed to physicians offices. We expect that as more patients actually experience INBRIJA, physicians will benefit from tthey increased feedback. During tthey quarter, we also reduced average distance time from 30 to 13 days due to improved insurance coverage and continuous improvement in our HUB processes. We're working to decrease ttheir time furttheyr as we gain expanded managed care coverage. It is important to keep in mind that unlike most ottheyr ttheyrapies INBRIJA is for on demand use, ttheyrefore different patients will use tthey product at different frequencies depending on ttheyir needs. Ttheir will be reflected in tthey value of an individual prescription as prescriptions can vary from one to five boxes per month. As a reminder, tthey total addressable market for people with Parkinson's that have OFF periods is about 350,000. We have furttheyr analyzed ttheir market based on primary and secondary research to characterize three different segments, tthey high OFFburden segment represents approximately 70,000 patients who experienced four or more OFF periods per day. Tthey moderate OFF burden segment represents approximately 120,000 patients who experienced two to three OFF periods per day and tthey low OFF burden segment represents approximately 160,000 patients who experienced one or fewer OFF periods per day. Ttheir is important for INBRIJA as utilization will be dictated by tthey OFF period burden each person experiences. On tthey following slide, we will share how our data currently fits into ttheyse segments. We’re sharing ttheir data to give you a perspective on tthey underlying value of tthey prescriptions that have been reported to date and to theylp you with your forecast models. Tthey graph on ttheir slide represents INBRIJA utilization by patients who received ttheyir first dispense in March which was tthey first month drug was available in tthey channel. Ttheir is a cohort of 75 patients whose utilization was tracked through July. Tthey low burden segment that’s shaded theyre in grey consists of tthey lowest utilizes of INBRIJA based on how often ttheyy have refilled ttheyir prescriptions since March. Ttheir segment represents approximately 60% of patients who received prescriptions but only comprises approximately 25% of tthey cartons that have been dispensed. Tthey moderate burden segments that you see theyre shaded in blue represents approximately 20% of patients and approximately 25% of tthey cartons dispensed. Tthey high burden segments shaded in green represents only about 20% of all patients with tthey dispense prescription. However it's approximately 50% of tthey cartons dispensed between March and July. In ttheir next graph, we added tthey April and May cohorts which comprise 291 and 476 patients respectively. Note that tthey utilization by segment has been consistent across all three cohorts. High segment patients are estimated to use between three and four doses per day, moderate patients one to two doses per day and low segment patients less than one dose per day. So in summary, early launch data suggests that about half of INBRIJA utilizations will be driven by patients in tthey high burden segment. As a reminder, patients within ttheir segment are primarily seen by movement disorder specialists and we have seen significantly increased prescribing among ttheyse specialists. Ttheir segment will serve as a major catalyst for INBRIJA’s growth and long-term value. As we noted in our April call, we expect tthey launch will require one or two additional quarters to establish its trajectory. We are encouraged by tthey progress we've made in reimbursement and in optimizing fulfillment process as well as tthey continued positive feedback from both prescribers and patients. Ttheyse are consistent with all of our market research which supports our conviction that INBRIJA will become a standard of care in Parkinson's disease. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thanks James. Moving to tthey financial summary for tthey second quarter of 2019, ttheir table outlines tthey key financials. Our cash and cash equivalents balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $297 million. We continue to believe that we can become cash flow positive without raising additional capital based on our long-term projections. So highlighting our focus for tthey remainder of 2019 and beyond. First and foremost will be to ensure a successful launch of INBRIJA, so that as many people with Parkinson's who may appropriately benefit can do so. We believe that tthey progress we made in tthey second quarter puts us on track for an upswing in trajectory between now and tthey end of tthey year. With our recent positive opinion from tthey CHMP on INBRIJA’s MAA, we're looking forward to tthey EC’s decision by tthey end of tthey year and we're continuing to discuss collaborations on ex-U.S. commercialization with potential partners both in Europe and Japan. Tthey approval of INBRIJA has provided validation of tthey ARCUS technology platform and we're now applying that platform to develop ttheyrapies for additional uses. Our most advanced program is for treatment of acute migraine. And finally not least we'll maintain our focus on controlling expenses and deploying resources to maximize shareholder value. Operator, we'll now take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey guys. Ttheir is Matttheyw on for Cory and thanks for taking my question. So my first one just wondering if you can theylp us understand to better understand tthey impact of tthey free trial program and what that conversion rate has been so far to paid scripts? Ron Cotheyn I’m going to let James take that. James Sabella Yes, hi. So right now we just rolled out tthey free trial program nationally at tthey end of June. So it's really only started and so we really at ttheir point in time don't have any information to share with you regarding tthey conversion rates from that free trial program to a paid prescription. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn I guess from my last question and I think you've talked about ttheir before but we've seen a few ottheyr launctheys in tthey state wtheyre docs tend to prescribe a new drug. Tell me one or two of ttheyir patients going to wait a few months before offering it more broadly. I'm just curious if you're seeing a similar trend and if so how long docs are waiting before ttheyy prescribe beyond tthey first one or two patients? James Sabella Yes, it's a very interesting point and one that we have also seen. So we have also seen that ttheyre's a dynamic that's been created that we actually didn't fully anticipate upfront and that is that even early adopters are now waiting until access opens before ttheyy start to write for tthey product. I can tell you that I've been out ttheyre in tthey field, I've been out ttheyre talking to physicians and those that have prescribed are telling us ttheyy're going to prescribe more. And as a matter of fact those physicians that have prescribed in tthey higtheyst segment of physicians which is about 37% of those high docs, 70% of ttheym have prescribed to more than one patient. So ttheyy see tthey value of tthey product but ttheyy don't want to be in a position wtheyre it's a theyavy burden to get patients to drug. So ttheyy are waiting for tthey access to open before ttheyy open up ttheyir prescribing. So we agree with what you have seen. Unidentified Analyst Awesome, thanks for taking my question. Operator Your next question is from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is open. Paul Matteis Great. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions. I know it's early but I was wondering if you could speak to what you're seeing in terms of tthey refill rate among early adopters and ttheyn maybe today could you give a little bit more color on reimbursement, how through what channel are more scripts being reimbursed. What are you seeing in tthey Part D segment and how much do you think of your target market is ultimately going to be Part D? Thanks so much. James Sabella So I'm going to start with tthey last question first and that is right now we're seeing a pretty even split in terms of tthey prescriptions between both tthey Medicare patients and tthey commercial patients. And that's in term and that is both in terms of what's being written and what's being filled. So that's wtheyre we are currently. Access is a bit easier in tthey commercial space right now approximately 51% of commercially insured lives are unencumbered for access while right now that's only 18% of Medicare Part D lives. We expected that. It's early in tthey launch phase. And over time we expect that we'll have better access in Medicare Part D. That being said even with those access restrictions as I've just said 50% of tthey PRFs and 50% of tthey dispensed prescriptions are in tthey Medicare Part D space. Could you repeat your first question? Paul Matteis Absolutely. I'm curious what you're seeing with refill rates. Again I know it's early but maybe you could at least comment on some of tthey earlier starts from tthey March timeframe and how refill rates are tracking now and relative to your expectations? Ron Cotheyn Yes, Paul ttheir is Ron. I'll take that. It's essentially, it's too early to really comment on refill rates and that's because of what we showed, what James showed in tthey presentation with tthey segmentation in ttheir market wtheyre it really depends on tthey prescriptions and who's getting ttheym right. So if you're in that upper 20% of disease burden or OFF burden, you're accounting for 50% of its scripts, 50% of tthey boxes that are being dispensed. And it's too early to tell how that dynamic is working in ottheyr words wtheyn a physician prescribes, is tthey physician prescribing for one, two, three or four, five boxes and ttheyn how many of those boxes are being used by that given patient in a month versus over two months or versus over three months. And ttheyn what does that mean with respect to refilling behavior. It's a pretty broad range and variety of prescriptions. And that was tthey point wtheyre we really wanted to get across was that you can't look at ttheir market as one prescription fits all. It really is that that top 20% those are worth four or five times, what tthey lower percent is if not more. So we're still tracking all that and as we get more numbers and more time, more importantly so that we actually get some confidence in tthey refill rates over time, we're going to be able to present more of that. But right now it's too early to really comment on it. Paul Matteis Thank you, Ron. Ron if I could just ask one quick follow-up on one of your comments, are you surprised that a greater chunk of tthey early adopters aren't more towards tthey severe end of tthey spectrum. It seems like usually that's how most drug launctheys go? Ron Cotheyn Yes certainly. So tthey point theyre is and actually we're pleased to see that it’s across tthey range. I've been out on rides as well and I've talked to quite a number of tthey docs. And what we're it really depends on tthey doctor you're talking to right. So ttheyre's some doctors who are absolutely in that mold wtheyre ttheyy'll start out with a more severe. Ttheyre are ottheyr doctors who actually have told me point blank, I think ttheir could be even better for my earlier stage patients who are active and working and wtheyn ttheyy have an off, it's even more disruptive to ttheym. So we're going to continue to get a feel of ttheir as tthey launch progresses we get more and more people on drug. So yes, I wouldn't say that I'm not surprised that tthey reality of it. I'm pleasantly surprised that ttheyre are quite a few docs that see it tthey way we do and tthey way we've always seen it is exactly that, that someone who is relatively early in ttheyir Parkinson's disease course but still has OFF periods and is still very active in life because ttheyy're younger and ttheyy have all kinds of activities including employment that tthey burden of even one awful week sometimes can be terrible for ttheym depending on wtheyre it happens and wtheyn. And so everyone who has ttheyse OFF periods potentially can use tthey theylp that INBRIJA will offer and if ttheyre is a surprise to me, it's that quite a number of tthey docs I've talked to recognize that upfront. James Sabella Right. And if I can just add something to that. I mean one of tthey things however we are targeting more to penetrate more deeply in terms of calls into tthey physicians who season largest number of patients. And that's tthey movement disorder doctors and just by virtue of tthey number of patients ttheyy see, ttheyy do see a higtheyr proportion of those very severe patients that would have more often that would be in that segment of 70,000 patients. So over time wtheyn you just kind of do tthey math, wtheyn you start getting those physicians on board and ttheyy really start writing and adopting tthey product, you would anticipate that ttheyre would be a higtheyr volume of ttheyir patients that would be more severe. Ron Cotheyn Right, that’s absolutely right. Paul Matteis Thanks. Yes, got it. Thanks so much for tthey details. Appreciate it. Operator Your next question is from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Salveen Richter Thanks for taking my questions. Can you just comment on tthey gating factors theyre with regard to formulary access and tthey rate at which you expect to get additional access to come on board? James Sabella Yes, hi. Well we are really pleased with tthey first large win that we had which is tthey SI and as we mentioned, we've also had some significant regional wins. We also have tthey ability although not on formulary, tthey drug is available in tthey Veterans Administration that has a large number of Parkinson's patients and it's available without criteria which means that ttheyy do have to fill out an exception form but it's not an arduous process. So we have that on board at ttheir point. We are very close to several ottheyr very large payers which will tip tthey scales in terms of having more patients with access than not. So we are right on track and actually a little atheyad of what we anticipated in terms of managed care access ttheir early in tthey launch. Salveen Richter And just a follow-up theyre. You've talked in tthey past about hitting tthey target 2000 high volume prescribers. How do you, I guess maybe just theylp us understand tthey time period to get access to that, that target group? James Sabella So we're pleased with wtheyre we're getting. So again, so it’s about 1200 physicians that are really 1200 to 1500 that are really important physicians. And of that group currently 37% have written for tthey product and 70% of ttheym have written for tthey products for more than one patient. So we do have some work to do to get to tthey next group but that also gives us more opportunity because we still have anottheyr 60% of those physicians just get to start prescribing and a lot of ttheyse are tthey physicians that we talked about earlier. Ttheyy're waiting until tthey access opens. So that's wtheyre we are in terms of tthey reach of those most important physician. Ron Cotheyn Right. And I'll just add that beginning with our call last quarter wtheyre we said it was going to take a few quarters. Ttheir is what we were anticipating that ttheyre's a process involved which means that you have to address tthey managed care issues and get on formulary and get tthey burden of prescribing off tthey table. So you don't have medical exceptions, you don't have peers to peers and you get that off tthey table, ttheyn you have to go and get all those physicians to understand that it's as it were safe to go back in tthey water, right. But now it's safe for ttheym to prescribe because it's not going to be an undue burden on tthey office. And ttheyn once ttheyy start doing that and ttheyy get tthey positive feedback loops which is one in fact ttheyy're not being overburdened with medical exceptions and number two tthey patients ttheyn come back which takes a few months right to come back to tthey office and give ttheym positive reports on ttheyir experience with INBRIJA. Now ttheyre's a positive feedback loop wtheyre ttheyy are encouraged to prescribe for more and more of ttheyir patients. So all of that takes time, it’s a cycle. We recognize it upfront. Tthey only thing that as James said that was somewhat surprising to us was tthey degree to which tthey prescribers really have been conditioned at least in ttheir space to just wait, just wait out just right out of tthey gate, ttheyy decide ttheyy're going to wait because ttheyy know it's going to be a burden and ttheyy're going to wait for you to address tthey managed care issues but ottheyr than that it's rolling out tthey way, we expected in terms of tthey process and tthey steps in tthey process. James Sabella And I'll just add one ottheyr thing. In tthey first quarter, we had mentioned that 21% of those top physicians had put pen to paper and now we're up to 37%. So we are chipping away even though ttheyy're waiting for access, ttheyy're starting to write. So it's important we watch that metric very, very carefully. Salveen Richter Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Phil Nadeau Good afternoon, thanks for taking my questions. First an insurance access in tthey answer to tthey prior question. You suggested that it's less than 50% of covered lives have access today. Could you give us some quantification of what proportion of tthey high segment patients do have insurance access today and wtheyre you think that could be by tthey end of tthey year? James Sabella Yes, unfortunately it doesn't get segmented that way. Tthey way that ttheir works is that it's basically tthey number of insured lives by plan and ttheyn based on how you get formulary access, you make that determination. So we don't have an ability to get into that level of segmentation in terms of lives covered. Phil Nadeau How much is generally proportion of lives covered for access? Ron Cotheyn Just by way of reminder, we now have good access for about 51% of tthey commercial lives and it's about 18% on Medicare Part D based on tthey discussions we're having with some of tthey remaining major payers now. We believe that's going to open up in tthey near future that we will be making significant inroads ttheyre in tthey near future. Phil Nadeau Perfect, that’s theylpful. And on tthey free drug program, how does tthey free trial program differ from tthey free samples. And what's tthey duration of INBRIJA free product that that both give tthey patients? James Sabella Okay. So tthey sample program is actually a sample that gets shipped directly to tthey physicians office and that is 16 doses per carton. And so tthey physician has tthey opportunity to actually give that out to tthey patient after ttheyy've trained ttheym in tthey office or one of tthey things that we're theyaring that we think is fantastic is ttheyy're having patients come in an OFF state and ttheyy're training ttheym on tthey inhaler and administering tthey actual INBRIJA sample right ttheyn and ttheyre. And tthey physician is watching tthey impact of tthey drug on tthey patient and some of tthey stories we've theyard have been actually quite remarkable. So that's really been exciting to theyar. So that's tthey one type of sample. What we've done also again partly to mitigate tthey issue with tthey time to fill of tthey prescriptions is we've rolled out tthey free trial program. What ttheir is an ability for commercial only patients because ttheir is not allowed in tthey Medicare Part D space to be able to on tthey same prescription form as ttheyir -- as tthey doctor’s filling out, all they has to do is ctheyck tthey box and if they ctheycks that box tthey patient gets from a different specialty pharmacy that's not counted in tthey IQVIA data, a 60 carton, a 60 dose carton excuse me I'm sorry it's a 30 dose, 30 doses, 60 capsule carton of INBRIJA. And ttheyy have that in hand now while tthey insurance process is taking place. So tthey doctors like ttheir because if ttheyy train tthey patients, ttheyy talk to ttheym about tthey drug, tthey patient gets tthey drug within a couple of days and ttheyy think that makes a big difference versus ttheyy talk to tthey patient about tthey drug, ttheyy train ttheym and even though we give ttheym additional training information with videos et cetera. Wtheyn tthey patient has to wait 30 days before ttheyy get tthey medication, it can be an issue. So we shorten tthey time to fill. But even beyond that, we've given out ttheir free trial program to augment tthey ability for tthey patient, physician to trial tthey medication. Ron Cotheyn Right. And just to make sure that we re-emphasize. So we started out with 30 day, a 30 day process. We've gotten that down to 13 days at ttheir point and we expect we're going to whittle it down even furttheyr which is pretty much what we did with AMPYRA. Phil Nadeau Perfect. Thanks for taking my questions. That's very theylpful. Operator Your next question is from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open. Michael Yee Hey guys, thanks for tthey question. Congrats on tthey progress. Two questions one I guess is any clarity you can talk to regarding trying to convert your interpretation of what tthey third-party data is showing versus I guess reported sales and wtheyttheyr or not you think it's fairly accurate. I think maybe you've made a comment about that before Ron and ttheyn related to that any estimate on what you think gross to net is looking at? And I had a follow-up. James Sabella So we're not discussing gross to net, what I can tell you is right now tthey IQVIA data is tracking very closely to our internal metrics. What may change over time is as more channels come on board for INBRIJA such as VA, that may change that dynamic. But for right now, it's pretty much in line with our internal numbers. Michael Yee Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn a separate question I think for Ron is much more bigger picture and I think if you take a step back, I think given wtheyre tthey current stock prices Ron, I think a lot of tthey questions are certainly around tthey launch which I'm sure you're getting that sense from all ttheyse questions but I think ottheyr questions relate to capital structure and balance ttheyyet and cash burn and all of that which we need to model out and debt. Can you make a comment as to your confidence level regarding no plans at all to finance certainly through tthey capital markets or equity markets. And to what extent you feel confident that ttheyre's no need to raise capital or that you can get capital through ottheyr forms of non-dilutive financing? Thanks so much. Ron Cotheyn So yes we have tthey debt, $345 million convertible debt that's due I believe in June of 2021. So it's about two years from now. We're obviously well aware of it and we're already in tthey planning stages for various ways that we can address that and we will address that in due course. With respect to cash, as I mentioned in tthey presentation we are keeping a very close eye on expenses. We always do but even more and making sure that we're making every dollar count. And based on our long-term projections for INBRIJA and tthey launch and wtheyre we believe it's going to go and to a certain extent obviously to AMPYRA which is doing better than we had thought. We believe that we can maintain cash flow or we can get to cash flow positivity based on those projections for INBRIJA, so that we would not need to raise cash in order to get to that cash flow positive inflection point on INBRIJA. Michael Yee Okay. And sorry for tthey one last follow-up but you made a comment about how AMPYRA definitely is doing better. That was certainly a huge positive swing factor in tthey quarter. So that's great. I mean is ttheyre anything to say as to what happened ttheyre, I mean I think it is model is actually up quarter-over-quarter, but I'm just surprised pleasantly that tthey sales are still so well in despite of many generics, is something going on ttheyre that we're not appreciating or what? Ron Cotheyn I can't comment on what you’re appreciating or not. Our view is that we spent a good number of years launching and maintaining that product and building tthey brand value. And I if I had to boil it down, I would say we cared about tthey patient, we cared about tthey community, we supported that entire community and tthey patients to a very high degree as we went through that selling process for INBRIJA or excuse me as we marketed AMPYRA and ttheyre is residual brand loyalty from that, people came to trust tthey brand to believe that it was doing good things for tthey patients. And I think we're benefiting from that on an ongoing way. Michael Yee Okay. Thanks so much. Operator Your next question is from Charles Duncan with Cantor. Your line is open. Charles Duncan Hi guys. Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey albeit early traction that you're seeing with INBRIJA. Had a quick question probably for James regarding formulary access yet ttheir year versus we've theyard a little bit of some of tthey companies wondering about tthey impact of seasonality and those seem to be counter prevailing kind of issues. I'm wondering if those are two things that you're considering and what ttheyir impact may be in your thoughts on continuing to get traction over tthey course of tthey rest of tthey year? Ron Cotheyn Hey Charles, can you clarify just a little bit what you mean by tthey seasonality versus crosscurrents with what? Charles Duncan With formulary access additions. I mean that would seem to be a positive and would trigger more prescribing because of tthey access but seasonality being third quarter people going on vacations et cetera, are those big impacts for that relative to formulary access? James Sabella Yes, again it's really hard to determine from a seasonality perspective wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any impact wtheyn you're ttheir early in tthey launch trajectory and we're just getting a major managed care wins in place now. So I think that would be hard to say, I will say that tthey fourth quarter we will have more managed care formularies in place and we do anticipate that we should see an uptick in tthey trajectory of tthey brand. Ron Cotheyn Yes and I’ll just add, I agree and based on our prior experience and obviously observations across product categories, ttheir summer months do tend to have some slack in ttheym because patients go on vacations and tthey doctors go on vacations among ottheyr things. It's too early for us to say for ttheir particular launch because we're in a launch phase. I think if we were talking about AMPYRA or anottheyr drug that had been out ttheyre for a few years and you could establish a year-over-year season over season pattern which we did with AMPYRA, we could comment more in a more informed way. But you do have all ttheyse crosscurrents going wtheyre it's a launch, we were getting on formularies. It is tthey summer months. We don't know in a launch scenario, how much of an influence that has or not. I think what we can say is as James pointed out, by tthey time we get out of tthey summer which is you're getting into September and beyond. All of that will work its way through, right. So we expect that we're going to be on our way to having significantly more formulary access and we'll be done with tthey summer season, so we won't be asking tthey question. Charles Duncan Right. Maybe it'd be theylpful if more sell-siders and investors went on vacation as well. Quick follow-up, ttheyy could recharge and rethink. But quick follow-up to that. Regarding tthey ex-U.S. partnering efforts, I know that it takes two to tango. But wtheyn you think about European partners versus Japan partners, would it be your preference to have a couple of different partners and would you anticipate that prior to launch or excuse me prior to approval or after approval? Ron Cotheyn Are you talking about a couple of different partners separate for Japan and EU or a couple of partners for tthey EU, Charles? Charles Duncan Really separate for tthey two different geographies. Ron Cotheyn Yes, you have to explore tthey market and see what wtheyre tthey interest is coming from and what tthey nature of it is and what tthey value that's being placed on it. So I don't know that we're being doctrinaire about it. If we have a deal that we like that encompasses both from one party, ttheyre's nothing that says we wouldn't take that versus doing two separate parties and we're having conversations across tthey board. Charles Duncan Okay, thanks for tthey added color. Congrats on tthey early progress. Ron Cotheyn Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from Raghuram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright & Co. Your line is open. Edward Marks Good afternoon, ttheir is Edward on for Ram. Appreciate taking tthey questions. And just looking at dalfampridine, I’m just wondering how many generics are on tthey market now. And ttheyn if you're looking at any inventory buy downs going forward, I know you mentioned that in your last call as well and wtheyttheyr you've worked through tthey majority of tthey inventory, you’ve purchased that you previously had mentioned on tthey last call? Ron Cotheyn I believe ttheyre are four generics on tthey market. Is that right? It’s four and ttheyn we have an authorized generic with Mylan, so that’s five total including tthey authorized generic. And Dave you want to talk about tthey inventory? David Lawrence Yes, sure. So we are working through tthey inventory. I think we -- our statement last quarter was that we wouldn't be ordering anymore in 2019 and that still holds but we are going through tthey inventory faster than expected. Edward Marks Okay, excellent. And ttheyn just one follow-up on INBRIJA. I know you talked a lot about, a lot of your physicians waiting to build access and ttheyre seems to be a lot of tthey theyadwind that you're currently seeing at least early on in ttheir launch but just from a scientific perspective, I was wondering if ttheyre's any concerns around physicians using INBRIJA and wondering wtheyttheyr ttheir would accelerate tthey timeline to tthey carbidopa/levodopa non responsive status in ttheyse patients? Ron Cotheyn So ttheyre is a myth, a mythology that has grown up in tthey field and it dates back for theirtorical reasons because L-dopa has been around since tthey 60s. With that said that if you give L-dopa chronically that it actually accelerates tthey degeneration in tthey brain and that it accelerates or compresses tthey time course to severity of tthey disease. Ttheir has been debunked in one paper after anottheyr and actually ttheyre were a couple of papers recently wtheyre ttheyy pretty much put tthey nail in tthey coffin of tthey whole thing. I believe ttheyre was an editorial in JAMA that summarized all that. So it's just definitively not true. However ttheyre are certain neurologists who grew up in that era who absorb that mythology and who retain some of that. So for those docs fortunately certainly with tthey sort of at tthey more recent generations of doctors and tthey MD and tthey movement disorder specialists are not nearly as prone to that. But wtheyn we encounter it, we have tthey papers and we have tthey scientific literature to back it up and we go through that education process. So and by tthey way, it's something that some patients have theyard as well and have absorbed and get concerned about. So ttheyre's -- I wouldn't call it a major ttheyme. It's a minor ttheyme and it's one of tthey ttheymes that you deal with in tthey launch and you educate through it. Edward Marks Perfect, I appreciate all tthey details. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from Jay Olson with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey ttheir is Matt on for Jay. We were wondering if any recent events impacted your view of tthey INBRIJA market opportunity such as tthey recent failure of XR formulation for Levodopa or maybe Neurocrine’s recent NDA filing for Opicapone. Appreciate any color ttheyre. Thanks. Ron Cotheyn Yes, no not at all. Those events are not related to tthey opportunity for INBRIJA and tthey reason is that INBRIJA is an on-demand ttheyrapy, it is an adjunct to anything that tthey patient is taking as chronic maintenance ttheyrapy. So 70% or more of patients are taking levodopa, carbidopa of some kind and ttheyn a number of ttheym depending on severity and how many OFF periods ttheyy're having and so on will have additional drugs with ottheyr mechanisms added wtheyttheyr it's a COMT or MAOI or sometimes a dopamine agonist. Tthey most severe patients wind up sometimes taking two, three or more different drugs in an effort to compensate and of course ttheyy wind up very often with tthey adverse events that are associated with drug-drug interactions and poly pharmacy. So you wind up increasingly having a very frustrating challenge, if you are tthey physician trying to balance out getting control of tthey symptoms most of tthey day or all of tthey day against tthey side effects including overdoing it and giving tthey patient dyskinesia which is involuntary motions that can be extremely disruptive. So INBRIJA if you think about it actually fits very nicely into ttheir whole paradigm because one of tthey major issues for ttheir disease is that giving drugs through tthey gut is not an ideal situation. Tthey gut in Parkinson's is compromised. It's slowed down, absorption is not great. Some of tthey drugs notably L-dopa itself are not really very well absorbed in tthey gut and ttheyy're susceptible to food effects, so you put it all togettheyr and yes L-dopa is a great drug wtheyn it gets in. But as you go through time with tthey disease, it gets in less and less predictably. So whatever ttheyy're taking wtheyttheyr it's L-dopa plus Opicapone or Entacapone or any of tthey ottheyr drugs that are available. If ttheyy are having breakthrough OFF periods, ttheyre is still candidates for INBRIJA and that is tthey messaging that goes out ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That's really theylpful, thank you. And ttheyn just one more quick one if I may if ttheyre's any anecdotal feedback that you would mind telling us that you're seeing some patients or caregivers just on tthey user friendliness of tthey INBRIJA device like tthey instructional video, educational patient support that you're providing anything ttheyre would be great. Thank you so much. Ron Cotheyn So I'll start and ttheyn I’ll turn it to James. We're getting rave reviews on tthey materials that we are providing tthey video as well is a huge hit. Some doctors have asked for more of ttheym, so ttheyy can have them in tthey office and so on and tthey patients all get ttheym wtheyn ttheyy get a prescription. In terms of user friendliness, we're getting pretty much what we saw in tthey clinical trials which is in tthey entire clinical program just going to ask reminding how many out of 900 plus, how many dropped out because ttheyy couldn't use it two, two patients out of over 900 dropped out of tthey trials because ttheyy couldn't use it. And we're not theyaring significant issues with user-friendliness or tthey ability to use it. So that tracks tthey clinical trials. In terms of anecdote, well with tthey understanding that anecdote is anecdote, we're theyaring remarkable stories coming from tthey field and ttheyy're really gratifying from some of it, I can't repeat, I have to stay on label. But we're theyaring from patients some ptheynomenal stories about how ttheir has theylped ttheym in a way that nothing else has. And James? James Sabella Yes and I'll go back to what I had mentioned earlier, tthey fact that tthey samples are in tthey office. Some of ttheyse stories that we're theyaring are actually from tthey doctors wtheyre ttheyy're sitting ttheyre and watching tthey patient turn back on in front of ttheyir eyes. That's something you just don't see with most medications in tthey market. So that's having a major impact as well. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you so much for tthey time. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A period for today's call. I'll now turn things back over to tthey presenters for any closing remarks. Ron Cotheyn All right, well thank you for joining us everyone and we look forward to updating you next quarter. Have a great weekend. James Sabella Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.