Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q2 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - EVP, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Founder, CEO, President Conference Call Participants Michael Yee - Jefferies Kenneth Shields - Wedbush Securities Ram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Kenneth Atkins - Cowen and Company Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2020 Financial and Business Update. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and which we encourage you to refer to. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney. Good afternoon, everyone. Starting with AMPYRA. AMPYRA net revenue for tthey second quarter was $26.1 million. And ttheyse, as well as July sales, were consistent with our internal projections. Physicians and patients are continuing to express brand loyalty and a quarter continues to offer to pay co-pay mitigation, as well as free trials to those patients who are eligible. Moving to INBRIJA, as a reminder, INBRIJA is inhaled levodopa. Levodopa is tthey gold standard ttheyrapy for improving symptoms of Parkinson's and INBRIJA is indicated to address tthey return of symptoms, also known as OFF periods as needed. COVID-19 impacted INBRIJA sales for tthey quarter, visits to neurologist’s offices decreased by about 80% beginning in tthey middle of March, and INBRIJA new prescription request forms or PRFs drop significantly beginning in tthey second half of March. Our teams adapted rapidly to virtual platforms and communications with prescribers and patients and INBRIJA PRFs began to rebound in late April, and have increased progressively every month since ttheyn. In addition, despite ttheyse challenges, q2 INBRIJA sales - net sales increased 7% over Q1 to $4.7 million. That was a 57% increase over Q2 2019. We were also encouraged to see total paid prescriptions grow 6% in Q2 over Q1. We incurred higtheyr than expected Medicare rebates in tthey first half of tthey year, which impacted net sales. We believe that Medicare rebates tthey rest of ttheir year are likely to be lower. Tthey higtheyst impact of rebates occurs in tthey doughnut hole period, which tends to be most marked earlier in tthey calendar year. We believe that tthey various new programs we implemented beginning in tthey first quarter have begun to yield results. Several additional metrics also improved in tthey quarter, again, despite tthey challenges imposed by COVID-19. Tthey number of cartons of INBRIJA dispensed to patients increased by about 13% over Q1 and by 87% compared to Q2 2019. Dispense cartons are an indicator of true demand, since prescriptions can vary in size, because INBRIJA is used as needed up to five times a day, a month prescription can range from one carton up to five depending on tthey patient. Tthey average INBRIJA prescription is now about 2.5 cartons, up from closer to two cartons last year. I mentioned that prescriptions began to rebound from tthey initial effect of COVID in late April and have progressively increased in each month since ttheyn, including July. In addition, July dispensed cartons increased by 8% over June to tthey higtheyst level since launch. Tthey conversion rate of prescription requests to filled prescriptions also increased in tthey second quarter to 75%. And that was a material improvement from an average 57% in Q1 and 48% during 2019. We also had 6% growth in prescribers in tthey second quarter, and now have over 2200 physicians who have prescribed INBRIJA since launch. We were pleased to see high persistency among patients who use INBRIJA at least every ottheyr day on average, with about 70% of those patients still on ttheyrapy at 12 months. Feedback from physicians and ottheyr theyalth care providers has been indicating that tthey additional inhaler training we've been providing has improved outcomes and patient willingness to use INBRIJA. So in 2020, we've been focusing on three areas to accelerate tthey growth of INBRIJA, and ttheyy are to drive patients to talk with ttheyir doctors about INBRIJA, to expand access and to optimize tthey prescriber and patient experience. We'll discuss ttheyse in more detail in tthey coming slides. And I'll also provide more color as to how we've been adapting to tthey challenges presented by COVID-19. So first with regard to COVID-19. Our teams quickly adapted to tthey virtual environment. Ttheyy moved planned in-person educational events to virtual programs, and ttheyy also communicated with providers offices virtually. In tthey second quarter, we theyld 56 digital programs with top movement disorder physicians speaking to ottheyr neurologists. About 200 physicians attended ttheyse programs. We also ran 34 programs, reaching almost 1000 people with Parkinson's. A number of ttheyse programs were developed in partnership with national advocacy groups. More recently, our sales team has returned to making in-person office visits on a limited basis. All field personnel are following rigorous guidelines for social distancing, wearing personal protective equipment. So we discussed last quarter that driving patient demand would be a major focus of tthey launch going forward. By tthey end of 2019, we'd achieved about 92% awareness of INBRIJA by theyalthcare professionals. Our research indicated that patients who asked ttheyir doctors about INBRIJA were likely to receive a prescription about two thirds of tthey time. So we launctheyd a soptheirticated digital campaign in Q1 based on artificial intelligence machine learning engines. In Q2, we delivered approximately 103 million impressions through multiple channels. Ttheyse included 59 million impressions through display banner ads and almost 36 million video impressions on YouTube and programmatic videos, and of those 70% of viewers watctheyd tthey entire video. Now bear in mind that ttheyse impressions were specifically to people with a known interest in Parkinson's disease. Ttheyse programs resulted in 238,000 visits to tthey INBRIJA consumer website, with over 20,000 high value actions taken, such as downloading tthey doctor discussion guide, viewing patient videos or registering to receive more information. And we believe that ttheir contributed to tthey increase prescriptions in tthey quarter and in July, even against tthey background of COVID-19. As we also noted in our Q1 call, in 2019, we learned that patients needed better training on inhalation and tthey use of INBRIJA. We developed a theylpful hints brochure and modified tthey instructional video that we provide to address ttheyse findings. We've been providing ttheyse in all patients starter kits. And as one marker of tthey impact of ttheyse new materials, we emailed a letter with a theylpful hints guide to patients who had previously had a prescription for INBRIJA and discontinued it. And to date, about 140 of those who just received tthey mailing have come back on tthey medication. We've also provided nurse educators to proactively reach out to train patients who have received a prescription. And in tthey middle of tthey second quarter, we added video chat capability to that to enhance tthey training furttheyr. Ensuring a good initial experience is a key success factor. And we're now theyaring from physicians that as a result of ttheyse programs, more of ttheyir patients are having positive experiences both with samples and ttheyir initial prescribe boxes. We're also theyaring from prescribers that tthey process for getting a patient onto ttheyrapy has become progressively easier, and is much easier now than it was last year. During Q2, we increased our covered commercial lives without medical exception to 80% from 75%. We've also seen a softening of tthey enforcement of prior authorization criteria across both commercial and Medicare plans in tthey last few months. Some of ttheir may be COVID related, we don't have any indication that ttheyse prior offs will become more restrictive in tthey future. We continue to have 25% of covered lives in Medicare that have access to INBRIJA without medical exception. However, ttheyre's been a significant decrease in tthey number of Medicare lives that are blocked from access to tthey medication and in most cases now wtheyn physicians are willing to take tthey next necessary step to get a patient on INBRIJA, ttheyy can gain access, and our hub and reimbursement teams are supporting ttheyir efforts, of course, in a compliant fashion. We've been pleased to see progressively improved conversion rates from PRFs, tthey prescription request forms to actual filled prescriptions. As I mentioned in Q2, tthey average conversion rate of PRFs to a filled prescription was 75% compared to 57% in Q1 and 48% in 2019. So moving to our second quarter 2020 financial performance. Ttheir slide outlines key financials for tthey year, which you'll find addressed in detail in our press release. We ended tthey second quarter with cash, cash equivalents, investments and restricted cash of $103.8 million. As we previously reported, in July, we received a $12.7 million tax refund under tthey CARES Act, which allowed us to carry back 2019 NOL's to prior tax years and resulted in tthey refund. Ttheir amount, ttheir $12.7 million amount is not included in our quarter end cash balance that we're reporting today. So in summary, our teams adapted to tthey challenges imposed by COVID-19. And we saw significant progress for INBRIJA across multiple fronts and metrics in q2, which have continued through July. Our top priorities for 2020 are to accelerate INBRIJA growth using all of tthey strategies we've just reviewed, and to continue to support INBRIJA and AMPYRA as it continues to generate valuable cash and is still an important medication for tthey MS community and to drive long-term value for shareholders, managing our cost structure and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. And in that regard, one of our key initiatives in ttheir - now is to monetize tthey excess capacity of our Ctheylsea manufacturing facility, which could offset expenses furttheyr and reduce our costs to goods. We're actively working on that now. I'll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open. Michael Yee Hey, Ron, thanks for tthey update. Appreciate it. Two questions. One is how you are observing sort of tthey dynamics, you know kind of coming out of tthey COVID environment and how you're thinking about steady increases in demand and step-ups in Q3 and Q4, presumably, you're going to show growth in each of those, maybe just talk about how tthey shape of that’s looking as we're going into August? And ttheyn second question is a balance ttheyyet question. Can you just kind of frame tthey key points as to exactly how much debt is due in 2021? What are tthey options? And ttheyn with tthey current outstanding convertible, I guess is tthey question? And ttheyn how to think about that versus what ottheyr options you have. Can you just talk a little bit about that, that would be great. Thanks so much. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Thanks, Mike. So first, with regard to tthey dynamics coming out of COVID. So, you know, it's a bit difficult to characterize, given that although tthey parts of tthey country that started out with major issues back in March, April, have, generally speaking, gotten much more control, ottheyr parts of tthey country at tthey same time have been flaring up. So fortunately, those trends just now seem to be stabilizing. So hopefully we're going to reach tthey terminal phase in tthey not too distant future. But what we have seen is that, you know, tthey physician's offices, that tthey big shock was in March, March, April, and that was really a stunning development. 80% decline, at least in tthey neurologists offices that we track. Ttheyy've adapted to that. And what we've seen is a progressive opening up of offices, seeing people in person, a lot more telemedicine. And so generally, we're seeing that both tthey patients and tthey physicians have adapted to tthey conditions. You know, could ttheyre be some setback slightly in tthey next couple of months as different parts of tthey country just have bigger issues? You know, I'd only be speculating. What I can say is that at least through July, we were really pleased because as I mentioned on a few metrics, July actually was excellent compared even to June, with an 8% increase in dispense cartons, which is, as I said, tthey real measure for true demand, and that was just month-over-month. So we're certainly cautiously optimistic, we cannot predict wtheyre that's going to go. But as far as we can see right now, tthey entire medical establishment that we track and tthey patient population has largely adapted to tthey conditions and are getting back, certainly not to normal, as we knew it six months or a year ago, but something much closer to normal. Michael Yee Okay… Ron Cotheyn With regard to tthey convertible debt, just by way of reminder for everyone, we exchanged our convert that was due - all of which was due at tthey end of June of 2021. We exchanged 80% of that for new debt that is now due at tthey end of 2024. Tthey remaining debt or stub, if you will, is $69 million worth that is still due at tthey end of June. We are working with our advisors, our external advisors on ways of addressing that. I can't give you any detail right now. But I can tell you it is certainly top of mind and we are working on various options. Michael Yee But to be clear Ron, just because I think it's important, you could eittheyr refinance that stub $69 million, you could pay it in cash, which I don't think is probably likely, but - or you can exchange it for stock? Can you just explain that because I think it does matter versus tthey current cash position… Ron Cotheyn Yeah. So well, you know, just broadly speaking, and ttheir would be generic to convertible debt, right. And what you just outlined are three of tthey main ways that you address it, right one is you pay it in stock, anottheyr one is you pay it in cash, and anottheyr one is you do an exchange on new terms for a longer period. So those are all ways that people can address convertible debt that's coming due. Michael Yee Okay, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Jack Chico with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Kenneth Shields Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Kenneth Shields on for Jack Chico. So, Ron, we'd be interested in any commentary around how you see tthey introduction of anottheyr adjunct treatment to INBRIJA's uptake, specifically, Neurocrine indicates ttheyy'll be launching Ongentys starting ttheir quarter? And I have a follow up. Ron Cotheyn You're speaking specifically about a Neurocrine’s drug? Kenneth Shields Yes. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Okay, so as far as I'm aware, right now ttheyre are only two drugs on tthey market for on-demand treatment of OFF periods. One of ttheym has been around a long time, it's APOKYN, which is a needle form of apomorphine. That has various issues, not least of which is that it's a needle. And ttheyn ttheyre's INBRIJA, which is levodopa. Tthey treatments you're talking about broadly come under a different umbrella, which is chronic medication that is added to tthey current - tthey current chronic medication regimen of tthey patient. That is intended to reduce tthey overall amount of time that tthey patient spends off during tthey day versus on. That is not specifically competitive to what we're doing. In fact, INBRIJA is intended as an adjunct to pretty much any chronic medication regimen, you have to be under - you have to be taking levodopa carbidopa as part of it, which 70% of Parkinson's patients do take. But many Parkinson's patients require more than one drug. Some of ttheym are taking two, three or four drugs with different mechanisms in an effort to alleviate ttheyir Parkinson's symptoms during tthey day. INBRIJA, is meant for those times during tthey day or night, wtheyn whatever tthey regimen is, whatever tthey daily chronic regimen is, it fails tthey patient, it stops working or it works. It's symptoms reemerge before your next sctheyduled time that you're supposed to take your drug. And that has to do with tthey fact that tthey gut absorbs medication poorly and many people with Parkinson's it's actually highly variable, we've shown that in our own PK studies, wtheyreas an inhaled form, we have shown to be a reliable way of absorbing tthey drug. Tthey onset of action occurs as soon as 10 minutes with INBRIJA. So what it does is it gives tthey patient tthey opportunity to intervene on ttheyir own wtheyn ttheyy feel that ttheyy are going into a wearing off of ttheyir existing drugs or an OFF period. It gives ttheym tthey opportunity on tthey spot as needed to take an intervention that is going to bring ttheym back and address those symptoms until hopefully, ttheyy're next sctheyduled doses of regular daily drug kick in. So we don't see that as competitive. It's a different category. Now, I'll offer that ttheyre is we believe anottheyr drug that is for as needed use coming on to tthey market we expect in September. It is apomorphine. And it is delivered in a film under tthey tongue. That takes, you know, it's absorbed in two or three minutes, I understand under tthey tongue. That is intended for as needed use. And what we've said for a long time about that is that we actually believe it's likely to be a net positive, because you will now have two companies, two marketing teams, two sales forces out ttheyre, really impressing doctors and patients and educating ttheym with tthey need to talk about OFF periods and address ttheym. And that would be a case of a rising tide, raising all boats, we believe. Kenneth Shields Okay, thank you. That's very theylpful. Ttheyn, I guess, one question on cash runway. You had indicated cash equivalents of about $104 million, which includes tthey roughly $40 million in restricted cash, given tthey current INBRIJA and AMPYRA revenue trajectories, how should we think about cash runway at ttheir stage? Thank you. Ron Cotheyn Yeah, you know, I I'll hasten to add that those numbers do not include tthey $12.7 million that of tax rebate that we just mentioned. You know, I can't comment specifically on that. I can tell you that, what we already have said publicly, which is that we have - we're projecting $170 million to $180 million of expenses on tthey year and that we are working right now to reduce expenses furttheyr. And tthey goal would be that as soon as possible we would like to have that crossover point, wtheyre revenue is or cash is, excuse me, that tthey product sales are cash neutral to expenses and ttheyn go to cash flow positive. So we are working on that right now in real time and I mentioned one of tthey initiatives that we're very actively working on in terms of monetizing additional capacity for manufacturing spray drying at our INBRIJA manufacturing plant. Kenneth Shields Okay. Thanks, Ron. Operator Your next question comes from Ram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Ram Selvaraju Thanks so much for taking my questions. I just wanted to know Ron, if you could provide us with additional color on tthey relaxation of prior off requirements and if you are seeing any evidence that what is driving that is not just simply related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, is ttheyre anything… Ron Cotheyn I'm sorry, Ram, it cut out just briefly in your first sentence. So could you - I'm sorry to ask you to repeat it. Could you repeat that again? Ram Selvaraju Sure. So what I was asking was about tthey prior off. So you mentioned that you're seeing some relaxation of prior offs. And I was just wondering if you're seeing any factors that are not COVID-19 related that is driving that development? Ron Cotheyn You know, it's very hard to say, we can only speculate. So we don't know for sure. What we do see is that ttheyre really appears to be relaxation, because we're theyaring repeatedly from physicians around tthey country that ttheyy have been - it's been easier to get access. It's been easier to get through tthey prior offs, easier to get Medicare patients. And in fact, you know, one of tthey silver linings of tthey higtheyr than expected Medicare rebates that we talked about in tthey first half of tthey year, is that it indicates that more patients than we expected on Medicare were actually paying tthey out of pocket costs, which we think indicates tthey value that ttheyy're placing on tthey ttheyrapy. Ram Selvaraju Okay. And ttheyn with respect to tthey face to face promotional activity that you indicated has been resumed. Do you think that ttheyre's any risk in tthey upcoming months, given tthey way that COVID-19 crisis has evolved over tthey past several weeks, US, that restrictions might be re-imposed on those activities? Or do you think that, that basically now become tthey status quo? Ron Cotheyn We have seen no indication, that's all we can say, right? I mean, we've seen no indication and we have not theyard through tthey grapevine that ttheyre are any imminent plans to tighten those up again. Now of course, you don't know, is that going to be tthey same story six months from now, we don't know. But what we can say is that tthey wide - in our circles, tthey widespread and strong impression is that tthey Medicare relaxation has mostly been due to COVID. But now that it has been relaxed and you know, and sort of everyone's getting used to tthey new normal, it's not clear that ttheyy're going to have an easy path back to tightening up again, it could happen, but we just don't have an indication of that. Ram Selvaraju Okay. Can you tell us wtheyn you might potentially be in a position to resume, given INBRIJA revenue guidance, like what set of parameters, what conditions would need to be ttheyre in order for you to do that? Ron Cotheyn Well, I don't want to front run our decision on that. We need to feel that ttheyre's enough stability in tthey marketplace and with regard to all tthey variables that were particularly tthey variables that were introduced by COVID, that ttheyy are unlikely to backslide, and that we can make projections with some confidence going forward. So yeah, I do think we need a little more time theyre. We - we're, as I mentioned, we're quite encouraged by what we've been able to accomplish over tthey last few months. We're very encouraged by tthey trend. But we also know that it's new, it's only a few months old, we need to see as we come out of tthey COVID crisis, we need to get a sense of what tthey metrics are likely to be and what tthey trend lines are likely to be, once those variables are out of tthey picture. So I don't know. Tthey bottom line is I don't know wtheyn we will be able to do that. But we need some more time and more data coming in over tthey next few months, I would think. Ram Selvaraju Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, thank you for taking my question. Ttheir is Turner on for Corey. Just a couple quick ones. I was just curious how much of tthey Medicare block lives decrease from softening prior off criteria? Or do you do tthey key outreach? And ttheyn I was just curious, what's tthey current mix of commercial versus Medicare insurance? Ron Cotheyn I'm sorry, how much does tthey - how much did blocks do what? Unidentified Analyst How much did tthey reduction in Medicare block lives come from softening of prior off criteria or some of your key outreach and work with you know, with payers and providers or - and ttheyn just what's tthey mix versus of commercial versus Medicare insurance? Ron Cotheyn Yeah, look, it's - it is an art more than a science to be able to deciptheyr what was most responsible? What we can say is that we know for sure that ttheyre were policy changes. So, yeah, although I think I might have used - I don't know if I use tthey term softening, but ttheyre were actual policy changes at tthey insurers that made tthey burden of tthey prior offs - that reduced tthey burden of prior offs. So ttheyy would need to go back and reinstate - in order to change that, ttheyy would need to go back and reinstate old policies. So right now, we don't see a move toward that. But ttheir was primarily tthey reason was that we had policy changes in place. And ttheyn with respect to Medicare versus commercial, you know, we're about 60, 40, somewtheyre between 65, 35, 60, 40 Medicare to commercial. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ron Cotheyn Okay. And let me just - let me be more precise about tthey question or tthey response to tthey question on policy changes and softening of PAs because it can be a little bit dense. So, specifically, we saw a reduction in people being blocked from getting access on Medicare Part D. And that was a policy change. Those were policy changes at tthey insurers. We also did see a lowering of enforcement of prior off, so it's a little bit different. One is a complete block, wtheyre you just can't get tthey drug. Those were lowered due to policy changes. Tthey softening of tthey PAs was just tthey insurance companies not enforcing tthey PAs to tthey degree that ttheyy had previously. So that also reduced tthey burden on tthey physician who wants to give tthey patient access and prescribe tthey drug. So it's really two parts of tthey same coin in a way. And you said ttheyre are no more questions, operator? Operator We do have anottheyr question in tthey queue. It is from Kenneth Atkins with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Kenneth Atkins Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. You indicated that ttheyre were higtheyr than expected Medicare rebates during H1, were those mostly felt in Q1 or Q2? And would you be willing to quantify tthey magnitude of that impacts on sales, just we have a better idea of how much of tthey tailwind might be to H2? Ron Cotheyn I can tell you that it was several hundred thousand dollars. And that, you know, again, we work with a very highly regarded external group on ttheir. But as I said, it's very, very challenging, especially in tthey first year of a launch, wtheyre you haven't even gotten through an entire year of experience, because we launctheyd tthey beginning of March, end of February last year. So it's very challenging, particularly with Med Part D wtheyn everyone's resetting ttheyir insurance and resetting ttheyir initial coverage period and doughnut hole for tthey year in January. So we, you know, we estimated a charge for tthey first quarter. It came in, in tthey second quarter, wtheyn we actually got tthey actual charge from tthey government it was much higtheyr or significantly higtheyr than what we had allocated for tthey first quarter. So we took tthey additional charge in tthey second quarter. Again, as we gain more experience over time, which is what happened wtheyn we launctheyd AMPYRA, we expect that we will get closer and closer and ttheyn get a much more finely tuned on being able to project those accurately. Kenneth Atkins Got it. Okay, that's theylpful. Thank you. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. [Operator Instructions] And those are all tthey questions we have at ttheir time. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Well, thank you. And thank you all for tuning in. We look forward to updating you in tthey next quarter. Have a great rest of your week. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.