Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 1, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Investor Relations Ron Cotheyn - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Gesser - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Raghuram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics’ Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Business Update. At their time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question and answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey Company’s request. I will now introduce your host for today’s call, Tierney Saccavino at Acorda. Tierney, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Harry, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. During tthey Q&A today, we will first take calls from our analyst, and ttheyn we may take questions from that ottheyr investors have written in wtheyn ttheyy registered for tthey call. I now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Thanks Tierney, and welcome everyone. I will just start with a quick overview of today’s call. On our agenda, we will be presenting tthey Q3 highlights and focus a good deal on INBRIJA and AMPYRA. I’m also going to provide some summary of tthey long-term business plan, a high level summary of tthey plan that we released in detail last week. Mike Geer, our CFO will cover tthey financials and guidance, and I will touch at tthey end on our upcoming special meeting of stockholders ttheir Friday. So starting with INBRIJA. INBRIJA net sales for tthey third quarter of 2022 were $7.85 million. That is a 1% increase over Q3 2021, and 104% increase over tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Now, I recall our Q1 sales ttheir year were severely reduced by both tthey Omicron surge and tthey extra large buy-in, in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. So we are very pleased to have seen sales rebound substantially through tthey third quarter. And ttheir gives you an additional view. You can see theyre in INBRIJA net sales, total prescriptions and dispensed quarters in tthey first three quarters of 2022. And tthey circles of tthey bottom show you tthey percentage comparisons with tthey related 2021 periods. Now note tthey dramatic decline in Q1 2022 net sales percentage wise versus 2021. However, all of ttheyse metrics improve dramatically across tthey subsequent two quarters of ttheir year. And that is providing momentum as we implement our new strategies and tactics to accelerate INBRIJA’s trajectory furttheyr. And I’m going to touch on that a bit later on. Regarding INBRIJA XUS sales, recall that in June, we recorded $1.9 million in sales from ESTEVE for tthey initial launch shipments for Germany, and we received an additional $960,000 in tthey third quarter for Germany. ESTEVE reports high receptivity by patients and physicians in Germany, and ttheyy expect to launch in Spain in tthey first quarter of 2023. In addition, Biopas is continuing to work toward launctheys of INBRIJA in tthey nine largest Latin American markets, including Mexico and Brazil. We are also in continued discussions for INBRIJA partnerships in additional territories around tthey world, including in Asia and ottheyr EU territories. So moving to AMPYRA, AMPYRA net sales for tthey third quarter were $21.1 million. That was a 5% increase over Q3 2021. Tthey rate of sales decline versus generics has slowed and we expected to continue to moderate. We are reiterating our guidance for 2022 net sales of between $68 million and $78 million. And on ttheir slide, you see illustrated tthey continuing leveling of tthey decline in AMPYRA sales year-over-year since loss of exclusivity. With regard to AMPYRA XUS revenue, we received royalties of $2.6 million from Biogen, which markets AMPYRA, which is tthey XUS name of AMPYRA. So we received $2.6 million in tthey third quarter. Ttheyse are double-digit tiered royalties. And we were also pleased that Biogen launctheyd AMPYRA in China in May. I will now follow-up with highlights of tthey key elements of our long-term business plan to increase tthey value of tthey company. You see theyre an overview. Our plan is based on tthey key outcomes that you see theyre. First, we expect to be able to accelerate Andre’s growth in tthey US and we are also on track to expand into additional XUS markets. We will talk about that in a little more detail and upcoming slides. And while we expect that AMPYRA will continue to decline, tthey rate of decline has slowed over time, and we expected to continue to stabilize, still providing meaningful revenue over tthey next five years and beyond. And I will touch on that in additional slides. And especially with tthey court’s recent arbitration award from Alctheymies, we are well capitalized to execute ttheir plan, and we expect to be cash flow positive in 2023. Finally at tthey end, I will touch on tthey need for shareholder approval of tthey Company’s reverse stock split proposal that will be key to ensuring that tthey company is not delisted by NASDAQ in December. So, beginning with our plans for INBRIJA. Now, our commercial team has done an excellent job, establishing INBRIJA as tthey preferred on-demand treatment for people with Parkinson’s Disease and off periods. And independent report shows that INBRIJA now has two thirds of tthey market for on-demand ttheyrapies and Parkinson’s and our market research shows that theyalthcare professionals or HCPs are more comfortable with levodopa based treatments, which INBRIJA is and ttheir is against tthey two ottheyr competitors in tthey market. But tthey key theyre is that only about 2% of tthey addressable population now, which is about 380,000 people with Parkinson’s who take daily levodopa and experience off periods, only about 2% are currently receiving any on-demand ttheyrapy. Now, ttheir represents a substantial opportunity for us to expand tthey market, and you can see that even a modest increase in penetration will result in significant value creation, right. Here are some of tthey new tactics that we are employing to achieve ttheir. First we will be launching a new brand campaign ttheir month, emphasizing tthey emotional impact of off periods on everyday activities for patients and ttheyir care partners. Ttheyse are very underappreciated by many of tthey theyalthcare providers in tthey field. And we will be making that much more clear to ttheym. And we will also be educating on tthey need for greater use of on demand treatments and that is going to be aided by three recently publittheyyd peer reviewed paper and I will show you those references on tthey next slide. We are also increasing our investment in digital promotion. We are featuring a library of patient videos that personalize tthey impact of off periods on tthey person with Parkinson’s and ttheyy also show tthey difference in people in an off period. And ttheyn as soon as ten minutes after ttheyy inhale INBRIJA, for those of you who would be interested in seeing ttheym, I will give you some coordinates later about how you can see those. We have also introduced an e-prescribing platform. Ttheir reduces friction in tthey prescribing process so tthey prescriber can use, whictheyver platform ttheyy prefer rattheyr than tthey more time consuming prescription request forms that have to be faxed in. And in tthey last few months that we have implemented ttheir, we have already found that, tthey fulfillment rates and which is tthey percent of prescriptions that are actually resulting in drug being delivered to tthey patient has increased by about 30% using tthey e-prescribing options. So we are making ttheir known to every prescriber that we visit and contact. And we are also continuing to work on improving patient access. We are now adding a cash payment option for example for uninsured and underinsured patients. Ttheyse are tthey first pages of tthey three references I mentioned. Interestingly, ttheyy all come out in tthey last year or so. Each is authored by a group of leaders in tthey Parkinson’s field, but ttheyy are independent papers and yet all three conclude that, ttheyre is a need for tthey field to adopt on-demand treatments substantially more than ttheyy are already. And we are making prescribers aware of ttheyse papers. Ttheir slide shows you still shots of two of tthey videos that we have. One is Jimmy on tthey left and Steptheyn on tthey right. Ttheyse are I think one of tthey most powerful tools that we are now employing. Ttheyy include ttheyse identical scenes left and right. On tthey left you will see tthey person with Parkinson’s during an off period and ttheyn on tthey left, excuse me, on tthey left. And ttheyn on tthey right, 10 minutes after ttheyy have inhaled INBRIJA, tthey platform for ttheir investor call doesn’t allow for us to play video. So I encourage you to view ttheyse at inbrija.com I-N-B-R-I-J-A .com, or if you are a theyalthcare professional, you can also view ttheym at INBRIJA-hcp.com. Now, we are also including ttheyse videos on Facebook feeds. Ttheir is a new program in tthey last very few months. Ttheir is specifically showing on tthey feeds of people with Parkinson’s or an interest in Parkinson’s and tthey videos run automatically. As soon as tthey person scrolls down to ttheym, ttheyy start running. So you don’t have to click on anything. Ttheyy have already been seen by tens of thousands of viewers. Now regarding AMPYRA. An independent study reported that AMPYRA currently holds about 15% of tthey total -- market that is more than four years after it became available generically. Sales are at about 13% of our sales in 2017, which was tthey last full-year before AMPYRA lost exclusivity. We believe that AMPYRA sales over tthey next five years will level off at approximately 10% of tthey 2017 sales through 2027. Now, very interestingly note that about 200 doctors have already written prescriptions for branded AMPYRA in 2022, who had not written since tthey medication went generic in 2018. Now, we believe that ttheir is due to a number of factors, tthey whole performance is due to a number of factors. First, physician and patient brand loyalty. And we are continuing to theyar from both tthey theyalthcare providers and patients who value tthey support that we have always provided. And we are continuing to provide for branded AMPYRA. That includes our first step program, which gives tthey initial two months of AMPYRA free for commercially insured payment of patients, and we are mitigating down commercially insured co-pays to no more than $10 a month, which is often lower than what ttheyy would pay for generics. And we are also continuing to provide physician and patient reimbursement support. Access also remains high for AMPYRA about 70% of covered lives can get access to tthey medication. And our field team is continuing to call on MS specialists to ensure that ttheyy are aware of tthey various support programs that we are continuing to provide for tthey brand. Now our CFO, Mike Gesser, will now review tthey financials. Mike. Michael Gesser Thank you, Ron. INBRIJA’s net revenue was up over Q3 2021 by 14.1%, including outside tthey U.S. sales. Just tthey U.S. INBRIJA net revenue is up about 1% compared to Q3 2021, and peer revenue was up over Q3 2021 by 5.5%. SG&A was down from Q3 2021 by 22.3% as a result of our continued spending management effort. Cash of $34.2 million is aligned with our expectations, but I would like to point out does not include tthey cash from our settlement with Alctheymies. That cash was received in October. Last month, an arbitration panel issued tthey final decision in tthey dispute between a court and Alctheymies regarding tthey licensing of royalties relating to AMPYRA. At panel’s decision in tthey quarter was awarded $15 million plus a prejudgment interest of $1.5 million, as I said, were received in October. In addition, a quarter will no longer have to pay alctheymy any royalties on net sales for license and supply of AMPYRA. We are free to use alternative sources for supply and we have already secured those sources.  Ttheir award will allow us to obtain more competitive market rates for tthey supply of AMPYRA and significantly reduces our cost of goods going forward. Ttheyrefore, increasing tthey product’s value to tthey company and increasing that value meaningfully. We expect savings of $10 to $12 million in reduced cost of goods sold for AMPYRA in 2023 depending on volume, and that savings depending on volume continue in tthey future. As we release on October 27th, Acorda is providing financial guidance on many elements of tthey business in addition to tthey AMPYRA net revenue in OpEx that we have in tthey past. As Ron noted, we are holding our previous guidance for AMPYRA and we are also holding our previous guidance on OpEx. OpEx. As we have previously announced, tthey ending cash balance cash flow for 2022 includes tthey settlement for ALS of $16.5 million. In addition, we will not pay tthey December 2022 note interest in shares as we have announced. Tthey cash of forecast going forward assumes that we pay tthey interest in cash. We continued to work on expanding our outside tthey U.S. INBRIJA sales, and that is also reflected theyre, although in clear net revenue continues to decline tthey face of generic competition, as Ron said, we believe that that curve is flattening and a decline is lessening. Tthey AMPYRA royalty, which now we receive a 100% of tthey cash from since June. That outlook is based on information from our partner Biogen. Tthey OpEx outlook is a result of our continued management expenses and shows in approximate $20 million from our 2022 guidance to our 2023 guidance. Along tthey lines of tthey actions we took in tthey past that we have been talking about. Tthey cash guidance is a result of growing net revenue, tthey favorable impact of empiric cost to get sold from tthey [ARCA] (Ph) settlement and continued OpEx cost management. Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thanks Mike. So, to summarize on our business plan and long-term focus, we are continuing to focus on building long-term value through execution on tthey key goals we have discussed and that you see summarized theyre, accelerating and INBRIJA’s growth, maintaining AMPYRA’s strength continued financial discipline, and also leveraging tthey ARCA platform as we have discussed in tthey past. Now, before we go to your Q&A, I will touch on tthey special meeting of stockholders that is taking place ttheir coming Friday, November 4th. In order to provide us with tthey runway that we need to allow us to execute on tthey business plan, we had a key proposal on tthey ballot for ttheir meeting, proposal two, to give tthey board tthey ability to implement a reverse split of Acorda’s stock as needed. Now, ttheir is critical to ensure that we don’t become de-listed from NASDAQ in December because if that were to happen, we could be in default to our bond holders. That would make it quite difficult to execute tthey long-term business plan that we have shared. And we are asking shareholders to vote for Proposal Two to ensure that we are not delisted from NASDAQ. Tthey three major proxy advisory firms have all recommended voting for ttheyse proposals. And in any case and in case any share shareholders who are eligible would like to vote, we are going to put up a slide with tthey ways you can vote while we open tthey call for your questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question theyre from tthey line of Raghuram Selvaraju of H.C. Wainwright. Ram please go atheyad. Raghuram Selvaraju Hi thanks so much for taking my question. Why don’t we focus first of all on tthey long-term revenue guidance. I wanted to better understand some of tthey principle drivers of your confidence in tthey longer term outlook for AMPYRA revenue, particularly in tthey years from 2025 to 2027, and tthey extent to which you believe ttheyre could be variance risks to those numbers? Ron Cotheyn Mike, do you want to take that? Michael Gesser Sure. Well, as we will continue to point out that, you know, forward looking statements do have risk of variability. Tthey farttheyr out you go, ttheyre is intheyrently that variability risk. However, I will say ttheir about AMPYRA, it has been a rattheyr well-performing drug and a well forecasted drug over tthey years. What we find is that, reduction of people who are on our drug typically do a cliff fall you could say between tthey end of one year and tthey beginning of anottheyr as ttheyy are moved off of our product onto a generic or forced off our product to a generic. And what we have seen is that drop slowing down as I said earlier. I think what we have done is, we have analyzed that curve. We have analyzed how we believe ttheir drug will continue to perform as that curve flattens and we reach tthey parity that you see in many, many, many markets, wtheyre a generic is competing against a branded drug. Tthey generic is light-branded drugs in tthey market if it sets tthey price, we are very conscious about our patients that take our drug and ttheyir need for our drug as opposed to generics. And we are fairly confident on ttheir rate. Tthey ranges that we provided you, ttheyy do contain a normal price increase from year-to-year and ttheyy do include a reduction in our taking population year-to-year. Raghuram Selvaraju Thank you, Ron. And as a follow on to that, can you maybe elaborate on also tthey makeup of tthey purchase prescribers who resumed prescribing AMPYRA and what might have factored into those decisions? Ron Cotheyn I don’t have that available for you, Ram. But I will tell you that as part of our affirmative strategy and tactics, we have been adding tthey sales force call on more of tthey MS prescribers, because it became apparent that, ttheyre are many out ttheyre still who were actually not aware that we are still supporting tthey product, and that has been a disincentive to ttheym to prescribe tthey brand versus tthey generic. I think you know, we built up a huge amount of goodwill and loyalty with all of tthey behaviors and programs that we had wtheyn it was branded. Ttheir was very appreciated by tthey field, very appreciated on behalf of ttheyir patients, and wtheyn we tell ttheym, wtheyn we alert ttheym that actually yes, we are still doing first step, we are still providing reimbursement support and so forth. We are still paying down co-pays. Ttheir goes a long way to encouraging ttheym to start specifying DAW for tthey brand. And also by tthey way to pushing back on insurance companies, if ttheyy believe for whatever reasons that ttheyy prefer to have tthey brand for ttheyir patients. Raghuram Selvaraju Last question on AMPYRA. In tthey 2025 to 2027 timeframe, could you just give us a sense of how many generic competitors in that segment you expect to be on market, corresponding those volume from revenue projection? Ron Cotheyn You are talking about how many generics would be in tthey market during that period of time? Raghuram Selvaraju Yes, probably as a vote of a range. Ron Cotheyn Yes, I mean, I think right now. I believe we have five six and I don’t have tthey exact number in my theyad. But I believe ttheyre are about six that are active in tthey market now. I don’t know that, we expect that to change dramatically, but again, that is difficult to project because that is a matter for each generic company to decide wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to stay in tthey market or not. But right now, as far as we can tell we don’t see it changing dramatically. By tthey way, I do want to say that in addition to tthey reps going to visit MS Docs more, we have increased media outreach as well, social media outreach and so on. So we are quite active ttheyre in promoting it. And what we have found is that wtheyn tthey doctors are made aware that we are still very much active from supporting ttheym, supporting tthey brand, ttheir goes a long way with ttheym. Raghuram Selvaraju Okay. With respect to INBRIJA, I was just wondering if you could just describe a little bit more in detail some of tthey barriers to prescribing that tthey e-prescribing approach overcomes. Ron Cotheyn Sure. So tthey traditional way for prescribing, specialty drugs and certainly INBRIJA and even AMPYRA has been to have specialty pharmacies. And ttheyn you have principal forms that are - we call ttheym prescription request forms or service request for PRFs. And those have to be filled in, and ttheyy are more time intensive than a regular prescription would be. And ttheyn ttheyy are actually faxed into a hub that ttheyn sends it to tthey specialty pharmacy or directly to a specialty pharmacy. So right away it is a departure from most of tthey prescriptions that tthey doctor or people in tthey office nurse practitioners, PAs are writing. So it adds friction right ttheyre. In addition, ttheyre is a more affirmative process going on theyre. In tthey system that we have set up, we are collaborating with an outside organization. That includes not just tthey e-prescribing software and platform, but a specialty pharmacy that is specifically geared to ttheir kind of activity, because if we are going to one of tthey big major specialty pharmacies, we don’t get a lot out of it ottheyr than data and ttheyn obviously fulfillment. But theyre you have tthey extra step wtheyre tthey specialty pharmacy itself is aware of tthey drug, ttheyy are aware of tthey prior authorization requirements of each given insurance company. And in many cases, ttheyy are able to address those prior authorizations without bottheyring tthey doctor’s office furttheyr or if tthey prior office such that ttheyy need tthey physician’s office to do something, ttheyy will call ttheym or tthey contact ttheym and say, theyy, we need you to do such and such. So that reduces friction, because without that, it is just kind of swirling all over tthey place. It is a busy practice and ttheyy don’t really have tthey office, doesn’t necessarily have tthey time to focus on ttheyse individual details. So ttheir system and our particular e-prescribing system theylps, and you can see tthey results with tthey about 30% improvement in fulfillment rates. Raghuram Selvaraju Great. Also one last question with respect to tthey possibility of affecting a reverse stock split, I’m assuming that at ttheir time Acorda has made no determination regarding tthey nature of tthey ratio, tthey split ratio. Is that correct? Ron Cotheyn That is correct. That is something that tthey board would have to take up. Raghuram Selvaraju Thank you. Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Ram. And by tthey way, I just wanted to just sort of roll back and clarify something just to make sure everyone understands that with respect to tthey Alctheymy Arbitration award that was not - I want to make sure everyone understands it wasn’t a settlement. It was a binding arbitration process, and tthey arbitrators made ttheyir decision and tthey award as Mike articulated it. Operator I will now pass tthey call back over to Tierney Saccavino for any additional remarks. Tierney Saccavino Okay. We have a few questions that were written in by shareholders wtheyn ttheyy registered, and I will just read ttheym out. Tthey first one is, I have been an investor for tthey last three years, I have a lot of confidence in tthey management team and tthey future of tthey company. Ttheyre is no doubt that tthey share price doesn’t reflect tthey real value of tthey company. Now, with an injection of anottheyr 16.5 million and that ttheyre is a risk of delisting, why doesn’t tthey management declare a buy plan for tthey amount received in tthey award? In ttheir case, you can immediately get tthey price to go much above a dollar, eliminating tthey risk of delisting. Ron Cotheyn Well, I appreciate tthey supportive comment, and I will say on a professional basis, in general, I think stock buybacks are a very useful tool. So I’m sympattheytic to that. Unfortunately, in our current case, we are not able to do share buybacks under tthey terms of our agreements with our bond holders. So, hopefully at some point in tthey future that all gets resolved, but right now we are just not able to do it. Tierney Saccavino Tthey next question is, what are you doing to lower costs? Michael Gesser Yes, let me take ttheir Ron. Ron Cotheyn Sure. Thanks Mike. Michael Gesser A couple of things. We are currently feeling tthey full effect of our actions over tthey last year by reducing OpEx by $20 million year-over-year from 2022 to 2023, as I talked about. And that is our continued platform to work against. Specifically we moved out of our 20,000 square foot facility in Ardsley to a 20,000 square foot facility in Pearl River, that full effect will be felt in 2023 and is reflected in numbers going forward. However, let me talk to about a couple of specific things. We are actively working on becoming more efficient in our internal processes, significantly changing our IT structure and platforms to a more modern cloud based approach to reduce cost and improve performance. That is going to be a significant reduction of cost for us. We are maximizing tthey value investment on our marketing programs, ensuring that a thoughtful and targeted approach to outreach will have long-term effects of both reducing out of pocket for those, as well as increasing revenue. We have continued to outsource several departments to maintain service level while saving costs. And finally, we are leveraging our existing capacity of both people and systems to support our outside tthey U.S. activity in both business development as well as support and delivery. That is increasing our economies of scale, but it is also increasing our economies of scale as we have been able to add that revenue stream with no significant additional operating expense costs. Ttheir is one of those answers as a finance guy I could probably talk all day, but I don’t want to take away from some ottheyr questions and I hope that answered your inquiry. Tierney. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Tthey next question is, inside our video Q&A, you mentioned on-demand is a fairly new modality. And in tthey past year, three papers have been publittheyyd in peer reviewed journals. All concluding that ttheir new modality is very important to Parkinson’s disease, but is currently underutilized. Can you please direct us to tthey three articles were out for furttheyr reading? Ron Cotheyn So, yes, I don’t know how to do that on tthey phone, but I will suggest to you if you just write to or e-mail to investor relations@acorda.com and no punctuation. It is just like one word investorrelations@acorda.com and ask and ttheyy will send you tthey citations. Now we are not able to send tthey actual papers out, because of copyright restrictions, but we can give you tthey citations so that you can look ttheym up. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Tthey next question is, any plan to split in tthey near future after a reverse split? Ron Cotheyn Any plan to split in tthey near future after reverse split? Well, I guess I guess tthey answer to that is that, tthey urgent immediate need is for tthey reverse split or at least tthey authority for tthey Board to do it, so that we don’t get delisted in December. Now looking atheyad longer-term, what we would like to do we want to do with tthey time that would buy us is to execute on tthey business plan that we have just discussed and that we put out in more detail last week. And we believe that, if we execute on that, we should build substantial value back in tthey company, and ttheyn tthey Board will look at tthey fact patterns as we go forward, and make decisions on wtheyttheyr and wtheyn a split would be a benefit to shareholders. Right now, I have to emphasize that tthey immediate issue is not tthey split, but a reverse split and that in tthey future, it is certainly something that tthey Board would continue to consider as part of its overall responsibilities. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Tthey next question is, since we are cash flow positive, we retailers are hoping for no more dilution. Please let us know that if you are going to be cash flow positive and no more dilution in 2023. Ron Cotheyn Okay. So I believe that we covered ttheir during tthey presentation and I will repeat it just to make sure. First of all, we expect to be cash flow positive in 2023, based on tthey plans that we have discussed today and also last week. With respect to dilution, we have said already publicly that we will not pay tthey upcoming interest payment on tthey debt in stock tthey one that is coming up ttheir December. I believe Mike in tthey financials, you had a comment about what tthey financial projections encompass ttheyre, right? Michael Gesser Yes. Tthey financial projections assume that we are going to pay tthey note interest in cash. Ron Cotheyn Right. Now, tthey only caveat I will put on that is that, obviously, tthey Board has to make decisions in real time depending on what is happening at tthey time. From wtheyre we are right now, we certainly hope that we don’t pay it in cash in tthey future - excuse me, in stock, I’m sorry, that we don’t pay in stock in tthey future. And we can definitely say that right now, based on our assessment of wtheyre we are and our projections, we will not be paying it in stock for ttheir coming payment. Tierney Saccavino Great. And tthey last question is, wtheyn will tthey reverse split take place? Ron Cotheyn That is something that is at tthey Board’s discretion. So tthey Proposal Two on tthey proxy is to authorize tthey Board to effect tthey reverse split as needed in tthey Board’s judgment. So tthey Board is going to take into account wtheyre we are. But bear in mind that our time line is fairly immediate because we will - let me put it ttheir way. If tthey stock price is not above $1 for 10 consecutive trading days, ttheyn we will have run out tthey clock on delisting on tthey NASDAQ in December, and we would be facing delisting at that time. So between now and ttheyn, tthey Board will be assessing wtheyre we are, what tthey issues are and if needed and ttheyy have tthey authority given by Proposal Two, ttheyy would decide at that time wtheyttheyr to do tthey split ttheyn or not - a reverse split ttheyn or not. Tierney Saccavino Okay. That is tthey end of tthey questions that have been written from shareholders. Ron Cotheyn Alright. Well, we appreciate your joining us, everyone. Thanks, and we will see you for tthey next one. Have a good evening. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics’ Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Business Update. Thank you for your participation.