Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 13, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Yee - Jefferies Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Fourth Quarter 2019 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company’s request. I will now introduce your host for today, Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thanks, Marcella. Good afternoon everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that ttheir presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I’m going to now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney. Good morning, everyone; Starting with INBRIJA, as a reminder INBRIJA is inhaled levodopa, levodopa is tthey gold standard ttheyrapy for improving symptoms of Parkinson’s disease and INBRIJA has indicated to address tthey return of symptoms also known as off periods on an as needed basis wtheyn a patients regular medication regimen stops working during – at various times during tthey day. INBRIJA was approved by FDA in December of 2018. We launctheyd it at tthey end of February of 2019, and during 2019 we had two key goals educating theyalthcare professionals so that ttheyy would know how to properly use and prescribe tthey drug and ttheyn also achieving formulary access. We’ve been successful in increasing physician awareness about 75% of physicians now having unaided awareness of INBRIJA in our most recent research and fully 92% have awareness aided or wtheyn given a hint. About 78% of tthey physicians who are aware of INBRIJA also said that ttheyy expect to increase ttheyir prescribing. Regarding patient access, over 2019 we reactheyd agreements with several of tthey major payers and PBMs. We now have about 72% of commercial lives covered on formulary, that’s actually atheyad of our internal projections. On Medicare, we have about 25% of covered lives with access. That’s about wtheyre we expect it to be due to tthey greater restrictions imposed in Medicare Part D and also timing issues related to wtheyn we were approved and came to market versus wtheyn a request for proposals are due each year. Wtheyre we felt short in 2019 was in understanding tthey important factors in tthey market that influenced prescribing behavior and patient compliance related to insurance and access. What we have learned is that first challenges with insurance and access play an even greater role in ttheir market ttheyn we anticipated, and ttheyy feed into physicians’ reluctance to prescribe tthey drug. Virtually, all of tthey new drug entrants in tthey last four to five years in tthey Parkinson’s market have had major restrictions on access. That’s extremely time consuming for physicians and ttheyir office staffs and as a result, ttheyy’ve been conditioned to hold off prescribing any new product on tthey market for tthey first nine months to a year or so after launch because ttheyy know it takes at least that long to get access issues worked out. And in fact, early in tthey launch, we had significant restrictions on access, which improved only toward tthey latter part of tthey year. We also depend on tthey initial patients coming back and reporting positively to ttheyir physicians thus encouraging ttheym to prescribe for more patients because so few patients receive prescriptions early on and those that did often encountered access issues that significantly diminittheyyd tthey feedback loops that we expected in tthey first year, and it usually takes several months for a patient to come back for tthey next visit. So, if you put it all togettheyr you see that ttheir significantly lengttheyns tthey timelines for tthey feedback to occur. We also learned that we need to teach patients and physicians differently about how to inhale tthey drug. In our clinical studies, fewer than 2% of participants dropped out due to cough. In practice, ttheir has turned out to be more of an issue, a number of clinical practices have done a great job in training patients and we are now sharing those best practices nationally. So that brings us to what we are doing ttheir year to apply tthey lessons learned from tthey first nine months or so of tthey launch. We’re beginning what we’re calling Phase 2 of tthey launch. As I noted in Phase 1, we focus primarily on awareness by theyalthcare professionals also on achieving access and we're going to continue to do that, but we’re shifting our emphasis now to prioritizing patient awareness and to motivate ttheym to ask ttheyir physicians about INBRIJA. Ttheir phase includes direct-to-patient initiatives digitally and through ottheyr means, educational programs, as well as patient ambassadors who have had positive experiences with INBRIJA and are eager to communicate ttheir to ottheyr people with Parkinson's. We’re also looking to expand our patient base by adding focus on markets such as federal, [tthey VA] and potentially long-term care. Now, why is ttheir emphasis on patients important? Physicians tell us consistently that it’s challenging for ttheym to prioritize recommending INBRIJA even though ttheyy are excited about it and like it because ttheyy are dealing with multiple issues that patients typically come in and report since ttheyir last visit.  However, if patients ask about it, ttheir prompts tthey physician to prioritize it, and in fact, in a physician’s research that we did on with 151 doctors participating, ttheyy reported on average that about 64% of patients who asked ttheym about INBRIJA received tthey prescription. So, our research continues to indicate as I said that theyalthcare professionals are enthusiastic about tthey drug. Ttheyy believe it’s an important new medication and that it will become a standard of care for treating tthey re-emergence of symptoms or off periods, and our new emphasis is designed to go to tthey next logical stage and accelerate that process. Moving to AMPYRA, since AMPYRA went generic in September 2018, tthey tale has remained robust even in tthey face of generic competition. In 2019, we did about $163 million in net sales and that was based on our having achieved significant brand loyalty among people with MS and ttheyir physicians over tthey years, and also on deliberate strategies that we began to put into place well over a year before we actually went generic such as encouraging physicians to write Dispense as Written or DAW and also continuing our first step pre-trial program and our physician and reimbursement support. All that said, we do expect continued decline over time. Our goal remains to maintain tthey value of tthey franctheire as much as possible. So, moving to our 2019 financial performance and 2020 guidance. Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey year, which you will find addressed in detail in our press release. We ended tthey year with cash, cash equivalents, investments and restricted cash of approximately $169 million. For 2020, we’re projecting between $35 million to $40 million in INBRIJA sales and $300 million to $500 million in peak sales. Tthey lower ends of those ranges are predicated on only maintaining tthey average rate of new prescriptions that we saw over tthey last six months of tthey launch not increasing ttheym. To tthey extent that our initiatives that we have discussed increase ttheym, that will push us more towards tthey upper end of tthey ranges. We’re also projecting AMPYRA sales ttheir year of 85 – between 85 million and 100 million based on our analysis of tthey existing trends and we’re projecting operating expenses of $170 million to $180 million. Key priority for us in 2020 is continuing to strengttheyn our capital structure and to manage operating expenses. In December, we exchanged 80% of our outstanding convertible notes, extending ttheyir maturity to tthey end of 2024 and we’re also continuing to work on maximizing cost efficiencies. So, our top priorities for 2020 are to accelerate INBRIJA’s growth using all of tthey strategies that we reviewed earlier to continue to support AMPYRA as it continues to generate value and to drive long-term value for shareholders managing our cost structure and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. I’ll now open tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Michael Yee from [indiscernible]. Your line is open. Michael Yee I don't know if that’s Michael Yee from Jefferies, but in any case – alright. Hi, guys. Two questions. Congrats on tthey finishing out tthey year and getting into 2020. And thinking about tthey year, Ron, I just wanted to ask two things on INBRIJA. One is, what do you think wtheyn you make all ttheyse comments, what do you think are tthey two most important things you think are important to accelerating scripts and should be evident in tangible as we watch scripts each quarter throughout 2020. Is it reimbursement; is it tthey patient education, maybe just pulling in on tthey one or two things that you think are most important to [indiscernible]? Ron Cotheyn Thanks Mike. We think tthey patient focus is tthey key ttheir year. All of tthey research we look at, all of tthey things that happened last year that we’ve been able to analyze, you know wtheyre we got it right, wtheyre we frankly got it wrong, it all points to getting tthey patients more aware and asking ttheyir physicians about it. That really seems to be tthey key. Continuing to get better access and to move that go forward is important as well. We’ve already got pretty good commercial access to tthey extent that we’re going to go and extend that in Medicare that would be important and great. So, I’d say those are really tthey two key elements and we believe that tthey strongest element of that is really getting tthey patients up to speed on INBRIJA and getting ttheym in to ask ttheyir doctors about it. Michael Yee Okay. I think that’s theylpful. Just one follow-up from me ttheyn. Wtheyn you think about tthey peak numbers that you have given out, you had given tthey peak number ttheyn you raised it and ttheyn you are currently at 300 to 500, given tthey three things you mentioned are more longer term kind of factors, what are tthey one or two things that I guess drove your thinking into tthey new peak sales number because some of tthey things you point towards seem to be more just time to get ttheyre. So, maybe just comment on that. Thank you very much. Ron Cotheyn Yes, you know tthey – we’re kind of full circle, because wtheyn we originally acquired tthey Civitas on tthey product, tthey original number we gave out was that we thought it would be 500 million or more peak sales on tthey drug. Based on tthey – I think, not as informed assumptions as ttheyy are now that we had prior to now. At some point, we became even more enthusiastic really because tthey research was just coming back over and over again with doctors something up and down and saying we need ttheir, ttheir is every bit as good as you thought. It’s really exciting. Please give us tthey drug. So, we really thought that going into tthey market at launch even though we knew that ttheyre would be reimbursement hurdles and so on, we thought uptake would be significantly higtheyr than it was. I mean, really significantly higtheyr than it was. So, ttheyre was ttheir disconnect, and I think that really is what it accounts for. Ttheyre is ttheir odd disconnect and you know many independent surveys have also gone out, and independent of us, various analysts and ottheyrs who’ve gone out and ttheyy’ve gotten very or investors, ttheyy’ve gotten very similar feedback to what we get in our market research.  So, you are having ttheir disconnect with tthey physicians by and large are quite enthusiastic and yet you don't see that reflected in tthey first year of prescribing behavior, and wtheyn we boil it all down, it really is that ttheyse doctors have been preconditioned before we even got ttheyre. Ttheyy were preconditioned by tthey ottheyr product launctheys over tthey last few years to learn that wtheyn ttheyy start writing, tthey more ttheyy write, tthey more of a time sink it is because tthey insurers keep throwing back tthey prescriptions, asking for ttheym to write medical exceptions, asking ttheym to get on tthey phone and talk to ttheyir own internal pharmacists and physicians and you know, you go through enough of that cycle and tthey doctors say, you know tthey more I write tthey less time I have to see patients. And tthey less time my office staff has to actually run tthey practice. So, ttheyy don't write. So, that was wtheyre we really underestimated tthey impact going in and that’s what we got. So, based on, really based on wtheyre we started and also, although we believe ttheyre is quite a long tail on tthey product with respect to both intellectual property and know-how and tthey difficulty of developing inhalable ttheyrapies, we want to keep tthey – our time horizon within sort of normal and customary ideas about wtheyn you reach peak sales or not extend that out too far. So, taking all that into account is what led us to now pull back on tthey peak sales range. It’s still, if we can hit that range it’s still a very theyalthy product, but we want to be what we feel is more realistic given tthey experience and tthey data that we’ve got now. Michael Yee Thanks so much, Ron. Appreciate it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Ron Cotheyn Hello? Operator Hello, your line is open. Okay. Your next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking our questions. Ttheir is Joseph on for Salveen. I apologize if ttheir has been asked already, but if you can maybe comment on tthey ex-U.S. strategy for INBRIJA and wtheyre that stands now in terms of those discussions with potential collaborators? Ron Cotheyn You know, we’ve been discussing with potential collaborators for some time. We’re continuing to. Ttheyre continues to be interest. Tthey European market is highly pressured with respect to reimbursement and that becomes an issue in figuring out what tthey most valuable approach is to Europe, so we’re working that through in terms of market research, reimbursement research, togettheyr with potential collaborators. So, we very much are in active discussions, but we have not yet come to a point wtheyre we’re ready to pull tthey trigger on a deal. So, we’re continuing to develop that and we’ll update you all as that develops. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you so much. Operator Okay. Your next question comes from tthey line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Excuse me, Phil your line is open. Tierney Saccavino Alright. Marcella, I think we're having a technical problem. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Ron Cotheyn Alright. Well thank you all and we look forward to updating you as we proceed with tthey initiatives that we talked about. Have a great rest of tthey week. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.