Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 15, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Felicia Vonella - Director of IR Ron Cotheyn - President and CEO David Lawrence - Chief, Business Operations and Principal Accounting Officer Analysts Michael Yee - Jefferies & Company Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Charles Duncan - Piper Jaffray Jacob Chico - Raymond James Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics' Fourth Quarter 2017 Updates. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer-session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call being taped at tthey company's request.  I will now introduce your host for today's call, Felicia Vonella, Executive Director of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Good morning everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that ttheir presentation will contain forward-looking statements. More detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings.  I will now pass tthey call over to Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Felicia. Good morning, everyone. Diving right in we achieved a number of key milestones in 2017. We reported AMPYRA net sales of $543 million, which was a 10% increase over 2016. Ttheir success reflects tthey theylp that AMPYRA is providing to tens of thousands of people with walking impairment associated with multiple sclerosis. And it also highlights tthey strength of our neurospecialty commercial organization, which has been recognized for its creative approactheys to serving tthey needs in tthey MS community and also to risk sharing and reimbursement.  We continue to vigorously pursue our appeal of AMPYRA with replied briefs filed in November 2017. Tthey next step is tthey oral argument, which we believe most likely will be sctheyduled in tthey next few months. Our most important achievement of 2017 was tthey positive safety and efficacy data for INBRIJA, our investigational inhaled levodopa treatment for symptoms of OFF periods in people with Parkinson's disease. After we received tthey refusal to file letter at tthey end of August we refiled tthey NDA within approximately three months in early December. We took tthey time to respond to tthey two RTF issues and also to ottheyr questions that tthey FDA had indicated, ttheyy ottheyrwise would have ask during tthey standard review process. We expect tthey FDA response to tthey refilling any day. We ended tthey year in a strong financial position with $307 million on tthey balance ttheyyet. Moving to INBRIJA, ttheir is an inhaled levodopa for people with Parkinson’s disease it is self-administered to address symptoms of OFF periods and it uses our proprietary ARCUS technology for inhale delivery, more than 1,000 subjects were studied in multiple clinical settings across tthey development program, which included a positive Phase 2b study, a positive Phase 3 safety and efficacy study and quite encouraging long-term safety data. INBRIJA represents a significant commercial opportunity, it addresses a large unmet medical need and we have a patent portfolio that goes into tthey earlier 2030s. In addition very importantly, in addition to tthey patent portfolio we have a large body of trade secrets and knowhow, which we believe gives a particularly long tale to tthey exclusivity on tthey technology. We believe that approximately 350,000 people in tthey U.S. have both Parkinson’s and OFF periods and based on our continued market research we believe tthey market opportunity for INBRIJA in tthey U.S. is greater than $800 million, and that does not include ex-U.S. projections. I will now pass tthey call on to Dave, who will review tthey 2017 financials with you. David Lawrence  Thanks, Ron and good morning, everyone. I want to take a minute to comment on a few key items of note in our financial results. As a result of determination of two programs in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 we recorded asset impairment charges of $233.5 million for tthey tozadenant program, as well as a $23.8 million impairment charge for tthey SYN120 program. Ttheyse charges are included in our GAAP statement of operation net loss, however wtheyn ttheyse and ottheyr charges that are adjusted for non-GAAP reporting proposes we ended 2017 with net income of $80.7 million. In tthey fourth quarter of 2017, we received approximately $13 million for tthey monetization of Selincro royalty revenue. Ttheir transaction was recorded as royalty revenue in tthey fourth quarter. We also receive $40 million from theyalthcare partners in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, and exchange for tthey right to receive royalty revenue on Fampyra. Ttheir transaction was recorded as a liability on our financial statements. We will continue to record royalty revenues based on tthey actual biogen received, however tthey royalty revenue payments to theyalthcare partners will be recorded as an offset to tthey liability and interest expense. On tthey balance ttheyyet we ended 2017 in tthey strong cash position with cash and equivalents of $307 million. Moving to our guidance for 2018, we project AMPYRA net revenues to be $330 million to $350 million. We expect to maintain exclusivity of AMPYRA through at least July 30, 2018. Ttheir guidance is subject to change based on tthey appellate court’s decision. R&D expenses for tthey full year 2018 are expected to be $100 million to $110 million. Ttheyse expenses include manufacturing costs associated with INBRIJA. SG&A expenses for tthey full year 2018 are expected to be $170 million to $180 million. Year-end cash for 2018 is projected to be theyalthy at over $300 million. I will now turn tthey call back to Ron.  Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Dave. So, we expect a number of key milestones clinically and corporate in 2018, ttheyy include tthey ones you see theyre I won’t read ttheym all, but I will highlight that we are expecting tthey NDA expectance for INBRIJA ttheir month and really any day now. We are also looking to file our MAA in Europe by tthey end of ttheir quarter, tthey first quarter. And we would expect a PDUFA date also ttheir year in tthey fourth quarter and looking to potential approval and commercialization of INBRIJA by tthey end of tthey year. Obviously we are also looking for a decision in tthey AMPYRA patent appeal ttheir year. In closing, our strategic priorities are to advance INBRIJA toward approval and commercialization, maximize tthey value of AMPYRA, which includes vigorous prosecution of tthey appeal, and also continued financial discipline to ensure that we remain well capitalized. We will now take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is open. Michael Yee Hey, good morning, Ron. Ron Cotheyn Hey, Mike. Two quick ones for you. Michael Yee Hey. You suggested that you will or should get a notification of tthey acceptance of tthey NDA filing. I guess is ttheyre anything you can communicate to us that could give us confidence that that should be no problem. I know that you had initial filing previously and ttheir all isn't really in a black box so presumably you had some communications with tthey FDA in general about any deficiencies. So that's tthey first question.  And ttheyn tthey second question is ttheyre was anottheyr program reported out Phase 3 data recently with pretty high efficacy. Maybe you could just talk to that data, and how are you think your programs stacked up to it? And or wtheyttheyr you think tthey efficacy differences are clinically meaningful because we've gotten some various feedback around that. Thanks so much. Ron Cotheyn Okay, great. Thanks, Mike. So with respect to tthey filing and theyaring back, we have high confidence that we should get ttheir accepted and we'll theyar back. If tthey FDA keeps to tthey statutory timelines, ttheyn we should theyar back any day now. Literally it's usually around 74 days after submission. So technically I believe that would be ttheir Saturday. So it would be somewtheyre before or after that. We can't give anymore particulars on that, except to say at ttheir point we have not theyard from ttheym already. Usually if we had theyard from ttheym in advance, we would expect that that would not be usually for tthey best reasons. So we have high confidence and more than anything we have high confidence in tthey quality of tthey NDA. And that's really tthey bottom-line. With respect to tthey data you've referred to, I believe you're referring to tthey sublingual film technology. So first of all, let's just say from tthey top, we don't comment on ottheyr peoples' data. We leave that to ttheym, we think that's fair. Ottheyr than in broad terms, I think what we can say is that nothing in those data changes any of our ttheysis that we've articulated for some time about ttheyse products for OFF periods in tthey market. We've said consistently that we believe we will take or that INBRIJA will take a majority share of tthey market, but that if tthey ottheyr product comes to market, we would expect it to take a significant minority share. And tthey greater than $800 million projection for INBRIJA sales in tthey U.S. takes that into account. So that's $800 million is tthey INBRIJA share that we project, but it does take into account that ttheyre is anottheyr player in tthey market taking a significant minority share. You have to be very careful in comparing data across products and across studies and especially in Parkinson's disease. Parkinson's is notorious for major variability in tthey patients and studies. And more than anything major variability in tthey placebo effect. So if you look even at our own program, if you look at our Phase 2b study, we showed a -- which by tthey way that was a robust placebo controlled randomized adequate study, which is being used as one of tthey two studies for tthey NDA main studies for NDA. If you look at that one, we showed an over 8 point placebo adjusted change difference in tthey UPDRS Part 3. If you ttheyn locate our Phase 3, we showed about 4 point placebo adjusted difference, but tthey differences between tthey two studies were almost all based on placebo effect. If you looked at tthey absolute changes in UPDRS, ttheyy were about tthey same in both studies. So you have be very careful and especially now -- so ttheyse are tthey same products. Wtheyn you're dealing with different products, different populations across studies, you really cannot make valid comparisons in that regard. Obviously we need to see ttheyir detailed data and we're looking forward to that wtheynever ttheyy choose to present that. But as an overall, I would caution everyone we caution ourselves not to try to make those comparisons because ttheyy are not valid. What I will say is that for INBRIJA, we had high statistical significance in both studies on primary outcomes, we hit number of secondary outcome measures that were important and are important. We like tthey fact that ttheir is L-dopa and in fact if you look back on why Civitas, which was tthey company we acquire to get tthey ARCUS technology and INBRIJA, why ttheyy originally formulated L-dopa rattheyr than Apomorphine for OFF periods, which was a choice at tthey time. It's because tthey market research came back strongly saying that L-dopa is tthey gold standard ttheyrapy that tthey prescribers in tthey Parkinson’s space immediately gravitate toward L-dopa, ttheyy are comfortable with it, ttheyy understand it deeply, ttheyy have been using it for decade. So that drove tthey original decision and I will tell you that our market research ever since ttheyn and into today continues to validate that assumptions. Michael Yee Thank you, appreciate and appreciate tthey confidence in comments from both those questions. Operator Your next question comes from Cory Kasimov from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst  Hi, ttheir is Carmen [ph] on for Cory, thanks for taking tthey question. For INBRIJA, could you speak to how ex-U.S. partnership discussions are going? You’ve guided to an MAA filing in tthey first quarter, given that timeline what do you see is tthey optimal timing for getting a partner onboard just for launch ttheyre? Ron Cotheyn Well, I would say overall that tthey optimal timing for getting a partner is wtheyn you get a partner with tthey deal that you think is excellent. So, obviously you would like to do it before approval so that you ready to launch. We announced last year that we were exploring ex-U.S. partnerships versus going loan strategies in various parts of tthey world. We're continuing to have those conversations and I think I'll leave it to that that's continuing to develop and we're not letting that tail wag tthey dog. Tthey most important thing is to get tthey MAA in a timely way we have time on tthey rest of it. Unidentified Analyst Thank. And ttheyn, an one ottheyr question on AMPYRA if I could, what are you expectations for tthey pace of erosion post July assuming it does leave exclusivity at that point? Thanks. Ron Cotheyn Yes so, obviously tthey main imperative ttheyre is for us to win our appeal so that we don't have to deal with that. If we do have to deal with that and we loss exclusivity by tthey end of July, we expect a pretty dramatic erosion curve, that's what you expect we've got 10 or 11 generic filers, several of whom have gotten conditional approval already. So, we would expect multiple entrances into tthey market and a pretty rapid erosion curve. We are taking whatever steps we can to mitigate that curve because anything we do to mitigate it is worth a significant and meaningful revenue to tthey company. So we are taking steps to do that and our year projections for AMPYRA ttheir year take as a base case that we loss exclusivity at tthey end of July. And you can just extrapolate based on what those numbers look like, how rapidly tthey curve will decline. Operator Your next question comes from Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Phil Nadeau  Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. First one on INBRIJA, in tthey Refuse to File letter ttheyre were a couple of elements that referenced manufacturing, can you talk a bit more about what those elements were how you rectify ttheym and I guess more importantly wtheyre you are today with INBRIJA manufacturing? Are you ready for an inspection? What else do you need to be to be able to commercialized INBRIJA later ttheir year? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Phil. So, yes, we're ready for tthey inspection, let me just put that right out ttheyre. Ttheyre was really only one -- ttheyre was really one manufacturing related issue ottheyr than tthey inspection issue, which I'm going to submit was trivial. And it wasn't so much an issue of wtheyttheyr we were actually ready or have tthey right stuff going on in manufacturing. It was more about tthey way in which we presented certain data in tthey NDA and tthey FDA preferred something else and we gave that to ttheym and frankly we were able to do that very rapidly. Tthey only reason it took three months to resubmit was not that because if we’d had to rectify only that it would have been a matter of probably a couple of weeks. Tthey only reason it took three months was we took tthey time to add sort of all ttheyir ottheyr questions, which were ordinary review questions. So we got those out of tthey way atheyad of resubmitting tthey NDA. So we are as prepared as we believe it’s possible to be at tthey manufacturing plant and all aspects about manufacturing. We have done our own mark inspections, mark PAI inspections with external experts, many of ttheym ex-FDA people. So we’re feeling as confident as we can about that absent actually having had tthey PAI from tthey FDA.  So we’re doing everything that I think you would reasonably or even unreasonably expect that we would do to ensure tthey integrity of tthey entire manufacturing chain. Phil Nadeau  Great. And are you able to manufacture product today to stockpile in advance of approval? Ron Cotheyn We are I don’t want to get into tthey weeds too much on ttheir. We are -- we will be stockpiling adequately ttheir year for an expected launch. Phil Nadeau  Got it, okay. And ttheyn second on tthey pipeline one of tthey events is ttheyre were again 22 Phase 1b data later ttheir quarter, can you give us your thoughts what we should be looking for in that data? Is it simply a safety look or could ttheyre be any signals for tthey efficacy? Ron Cotheyn So tthey primary endpoint if you will is really safety in people who are experiencing acute relapses, given tthey fact that ttheyy are in an immune charged state if you will and we’re introducing an antibody. So we wanted to make sure that ttheyre is no untutored interaction ttheyre with an acute relapse state. But having said that, we are looking at various markers or indicators of myelination in tthey study probably tthey most interesting one is tthey magnetization transfer ratio on MRI, which is felt to be one of tthey better ways to look at myelination in tthey CNS. So we’re crunching all those data and tthey difficulty theyre is because it was designed as a Phase 1 safety study, you have a relatively small number of participants in tthey study, very highly variable conditions. So you take what you can get in ttheir kind of a situation. If we have a signal of some kind that’d be great, but it is a very small number of patients relative to tthey power you would need to really come home with a conclusion. Phil Nadeau  Got it. And one last question for me, just on tthey AMPYRA potential generics, what are your thoughts on an authorized generic is that something you would consider? Ron Cotheyn We’re very familiar with authorized generics we did it for example with Zanaflex after we lost exclusivity ttheyre, so we have experienced with that. I guess what I’d say Phil is we have explored every potential way of preserving revenue stream and mitigating tthey tail on tthey loss of exclusivity. We have certainly explored authorized generic, I don’t want to commit right now to which of those different ways we are choosing. But you should be comfortable that we have explored it thoroughly. Phil Nadeau  Got it, thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from Charles Duncan from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Charles Duncan Hi, Ron and team. Thanks for taking our questions and looking forward to some news flow in tthey near-term. Wanted to ask you a question about tthey Refuse to File and subsequent regulatory interactions on INBRIJA. Thought that you’ll be able to speak about specifics, but wondering if you could provide any additional color on some of tthey ottheyr kind of subjects that were addressed. And wtheyttheyr or not you think that ttheir process could actually have been value creating in terms of ultimately tthey clarity of an approved label or at least time to regulatory review. Ron Cotheyn Thanks for tthey question, Charles. So, look, overall let me just say we were not happy to have got Refused to File, and that we have recovered from it and that’s great. And we hope never to repeat that. But having said that, I do see your point and it’s something we’ve contemplated internally as well. We do have drug device combination tthey pulmonary drug and things that people have pointed to as less usual and ttheyrefore often more complicated during an FDA review process. So, anything you can do to mitigate that or make it more straight forward or easier for FDA and a review is a good thing. And it did give us -- tthey silver lining, which you point out is it did give us tthey opportunity to respond to multiple question that ttheyy came up with during ttheyir first couple of months of review of tthey original NDA. And in doing that, our hope is that with tthey new NDA, ttheyy are starting from a point two months furttheyr atheyad in ttheyir review, because we’ve already responded to tthey first couple of months' [ph] worth of questions. So, hopefully what we get now is going to be tthey question that would come beyond that, which means it gives us leg up on ttheir new timeline. Now, ttheyre’s no way to project for sure how that works out. But I will say we think it’s a silver lining in that respect. Charles Duncan Okay, that’s theylpful. And we’ll look forward to tthey PR near-term, wondered and ttheir may seem like a nice question, but is ttheyre any chance that ttheyy could bring up tthey idea of conducting a panel and add comm panel, are you contemplating that? Ron Cotheyn Well, wtheyn we get tthey letter it should indicate -- if ttheyy’re contemplating a panel, we expect tthey letter would indicate that. We’ve not theyard anything about that, in any of our conversations with tthey FDA. It doesn’t mean it won’t happen it’s just that we’ve no inside into that, because ttheyy’ve never raised tthey possibility so far. From our own perspective, and that of our consultants we’re not sure what it is ttheyy would be trying to accomplish with a panel, L-dopa is a well-known drug. Tthey only difference theyre is tthey mode of delivery and frankly that comes down to usability and safety more than anything. Our long-term safety data look terrific from our perspective on ttheir. So, it’s not clear to us, what ttheyy would be trying to accomplish, if ttheyy were to want an add comm.  Now having said that, we have to wait and see. If ttheyy decide ttheyy want an add comm, presumably we’ll find out in tthey letter. Charles Duncan And that’s a great said segue to my last question. Talking about tthey mode of delivery being really tthey key question theyre in terms of approvability, I’m assuming approvability and eventually I guess, with that regulatory review, assuming that it’s not overly challenging. Could you foresee furttheyr application of tthey ARCUS technology to merge in call it tthey 12 to 18 months, would you contemplate expanding tthey use of that technology? Ron Cotheyn Yes. So, we’ve already looked at a triptan for migraine and inhale triptan for, hopefully rapid relief of migraine that was CVT-427. We reported last year that we ran into a bump on that one with some bronchoconstriction seen particularly in people with theirtories of asthma bronchoconstriction, So, we felt that ttheyre was a need to tweak tthey formulation because of some of tthey issues elsewtheyre that we accounted last year that required tthey focus of tthey organization like tthey RTF and tthey refilling, tthey MAA and so on. We’ve not been able to accelerate that reformulation, but it is our plan, that’s a high priority once we get a little bit furttheyr atheyad in ttheir year’s priorities on INBRIJA, tthey patent appeal and so on. It is our plan to accelerate that program as well as ottheyr programs involved in tthey ARCUS technology. We reported at tthey JP Morgan Conference ttheir year, that we have a couple of really interesting programs for orphan lung disease diseases that one of which is being funded by tthey Bill Gates, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. So we are looking to continue to build on that. Charles Duncan Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from Jacob Chico from Raymond James. Your line is open. Jacob Chico Thank you for taking my question. Quick one, if I could just revisit tthey R&D expense, I think you mentioned that manufacturing would be influencing kind of wtheyre you are in that band. I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of what extent that is for tthey guidance and also how we should be thinking about tthey underlying R&D going forward? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. David Lawrence  Yes, Jacob, so you're right tthey R&D guidance for next year or for 2018 includes all tthey costs around manufacturing, preparing for launch, I can’t get specific into tthey exact breakout of those numbers, but it's fully loaded for tthey cost to launch tthey product. Jacob Chico Okay. And ttheyn I guess just a follow-up question, kind of related to tthey FDA and tthey RTF, I think FDA senior leadership is definitely emphasized more recently putting out greater clarity around guidance for complex products like drug device combo yes three of tthey last four RTSs we have seen come out of been issued poor drug device combination. So I guess with that backdrop I'm just wondering if you can opine perhaps with your own experience given AMPYRA and INBRIJA how you might see tthey agency kind of changing direction or if communication has changed at all just compared between INBRIJA and AMPYRA? Ron Cotheyn It's hard to answer that question, I will say, yes, tthey FDA -- I think tthey FDA has acknowledged and realizes that ttheyy can be doing better with respect to tthey clarity that ttheyy -- with which ttheyy deal with drug device combination and tthey guidance ttheyy are giving to sponsors who have drug device combinations. So we see that as a good thing and we certainly hope and encourage ttheym to accelerate that process. Jacob Chico Thanks very much.  Operator Your next question comes from Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Jay Olson  Thanks for taking my questions. I guess with tthey potential loss of exclusivity for AMPYRA in July and in tthey PDUFA for INBRIJA coming in tthey fourth quarter, can you just talk about how you are going to transition your sales organization over to prepare for tthey launch of INBRIJA? And ttheyn how ttheyy line up in terms of tthey number of representatives and tthey doctors ttheyy are calling on. Ron Cotheyn Sure, so tthey sales force -- if we have a loss of exclusivity at tthey end of July, it would be a seamless transition it’s essentially one for one, it’s tthey same size sales force tthey same sales force, same commercial organization, it just transitions over to tthey Parkinson's space. We've already got all tthey territories mapped out, ttheyre will be some realignment of territories just to take into account areas wtheyre ttheyre wasn't overlap ttheyre's a fair amount of overlap, but obviously not complete. But it will be tthey same sales force, I will say that our sales force is very excited about tthey prospect of launching brand new drug, important drug in tthey Parkinson's space. I’ll also pitch for ttheym and say that you will see what ttheyy've done with AMPYRA it’s just an outstanding neurospecialty force out ttheyre. Ttheyy are very well respected by tthey prescribers and ttheyy take real ownership and real pride in delivering important medicines to ttheyse communities. So we're very excited for ttheym and for us to have that happen. During tthey transition period, so if we have a loss of exclusivity let’s say at tthey end of July and we don't expect an approval until let's say tthey fourth quarter ttheyy’re still going to be out ttheyre working to mitigate tthey tail on AMPYRA. So ttheyy will be fully employed as ttheyy are now continuing to do tthey best possible job with AMPYRA, delivering it to patients, delivering tthey messages about tthey importance of it to people with tthey MS and walking disabilities. And ttheyy are already being trained. Ttheyy're being fully trained on Parkinson's disease on INBRIJA. Obviously once we get tthey label we'll complete tthey training. So ttheyy will be ready immediately as soon as we're ready to launch, ttheyy will be making that transition. And until ttheyy make that transition ttheyy will be maximizing tthey AMPYRA potential. Now if we win tthey appeal, which is every bit our intention, and we keep AMPYRA that comes under tthey theyading of very high quality problem to have. We would expect in that case, that we would increase tthey sales force, we would expand it by about 30%, 35% something like that. We currently have, call it around 100 people in tthey field. It depends on who you're counting. But -- so we would add anottheyr 35 people or so to that, realign tthey territories and ttheyn we would have ttheym promoting both AMPYRA and INBRIJA. Jay Olson  Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn can you please update us on your latest thoughts about how you plan to price INBRIJA? And ttheyn if you've had any discussions with payers any feedback from those discussions. Ron Cotheyn Yes, so yes, we have had conversations with payers as part of our ongoing market and pricing research. We will be having many more conversations over tthey next several months into tthey approval and launch. We have developed we think a pretty robust sense of wtheyre tthey market is theyre as I alluded to in my original remarks today. We're not prepared to talk about price as of now. And we will not -- I don't expect we will talk about price until we're right around launch, wtheyn we make a final determination. What I'll say overall is we've been very encouraged by tthey trends we see in tthey overall movement disorder space, new entrance into tthey market, tthey market research on INBRIJA in particular tthey payer research in terms of receptiveness to tthey value proposition of an OFF period drug. So putting it all togettheyr, I think tthey best statement I can make it about is it to point to our increase in projection on tthey market potential in tthey U.S. for INBRIJA, which is now we're saying over $800 million. And that is a reflection of tthey entire picture that we're getting from our market and reimbursement research. Jay Olson  Okay, thank you for taking my questions.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Raghuram Selvaraju H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thank you for taking my questions, ttheir is Jacobn [indiscernible] on for Rag. You previously indicated at tthey oral argument for tthey AMPYRA patent appeal is expected to take place in tthey first half of ttheir year. How soon after ttheir takes place would you expect to receive a decision from tthey appellate court? Ron Cotheyn No, that’s -- it's really not possible for us to know that. It's entirely dependent on tthey judges and ttheyir docket and all tthey factors that go on ttheyir end. Typically would be in months, you had measured it in months, but how many months we don't know. And it's worth again repeating that if tthey timing is such that we don't have a verdict prior to tthey July 30th, and tthey exclusivity on tthey existing patent, we would request an injunction to prevent tthey generics from launching. Unidentified Analyst I see.  Ron Cotheyn Until we have tthey verdict.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, thanks.  Operator [Operator Instructions] We do not have any questions over phone at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call over to tthey presenters. Ron Cotheyn Alright. Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining us. Look forward to updating you next quarter. Felicia Vonella Thank you.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.