Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Founder, Chief Executive Officer & President Conference Call Participants Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Company Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2020 Financial and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised, that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney, and welcome, everyone. INBRIJA sales increased by 24% in tthey third quarter over tthey second quarter to $5.8 million, we're particularly encouraged by ttheir especially given tthey impact of COVID-19. AMPYRA net revenue to tthey third quarter was $27.3 million, that was a 5% increase over tthey second quarter, and AMPYRA revenue continues to be consistent with our internal projections. Physicians and patients maintain a high degree of brand loyalty, and Acorda continues to offer copay mitigation and a free 60-day trial to those patients who are eligible. In addition, we received a $15 million milestone payment from Biogen, related to sales of FAMPYRA outside tthey US. As a reminder, INBRIJA is Inhaled Levodopa. Levodopa is tthey gold standard ttheyrapy for improving symptoms of Parkinson's, and INBRIJA is indicated to address tthey return of symptoms, also known as OFF periods as needed. Tthey COVID-19 pandemic has had an impact on our business, as people with Parkinson's and ottheyr at-risk populations have reduced ttheyir physician visits and delayed routine care. We saw a recovery of new prescriptions from late April through July; ttheyn we actually saw a dip in new prescriptions in tthey late summer, followed by a resumed upward trajectory from late September to tthey present. Physicians' offices and patients have been adapting to tthey pandemic overtime, although much of tthey country has now been experiencing a second wave of infections. Now notwithstanding ttheyse factors, we're seeing an encouraging momentum in INBRIJA's trajectory, and we believe that tthey initiatives that we've introduced during tthey year are having a positive impact. INBRIJA net sales have increased 34% over tthey first quarter, and tthey number of cartons shipped increased 24% over tthey first quarter. We're also pleased that persistency remains high among patients who use INBRIJA at least every ottheyr day on average, with about 70% continuing on ttheyrapy at 12 months. We also continued to make progress on patient access to INBRIJA. During tthey third quarter, access without medical exception reactheyd 96% of all commercially insured patients; that was a 28% increase over tthey first quarter, and over 2,300 neurologists have prescribed INBRIJA, that's a 12% increase over tthey first quarter. We also launctheyd a telemedicine program during tthey quarter, giving people with Parkinson's an important new option to consult with a physician if ttheyy're uncomfortable with an in-person visit, and tthey early response to ttheir offering has been encouraging. Moving to our third quarter 2020 financial performance; ttheir slide outlines key financials for tthey third quarter and year-to-date, which you'll find addressed in detail in our press release. We ended tthey third quarter with cash, cash equivalents, investments and restricted cash of $101.3 million. Note, that as we previously reported, in July we received a $12.7 million tax refund under tthey CARES Act, which allowed us to carry back 2019 net operating losses to prior tax years, resulting in tthey refund; ttheir amount is included in our quarter-end cash balance. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, in tthey third quarter, we achieved a milestone payment of $15 million from Biogen. Tthey payment was received in October, ttheyrefore, it is not increased in our quarter and cash balance reported today, but it is reported as a milestone revenue in our Q3 financials. So in summary, our teams have adapted to tthey challenges imposed by COVID-19. We've been seeing significant progress for INBRIJA across multiple fronts. Our top priorities are to accelerate INBRIJA's growth, using all tthey strategies we've reviewed theyre and in previous calls to support AMPYRA, as it generates valuable cash and is still an important medication for tthey MS community, and to optimize our cost structure and strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet to drive long term value for shareholders. Tthey $15 million milestone payment we received from Biogen and AMPYRA's performance furttheyr strengttheyned our financial position. One of our key initiatives is to monetize tthey excess capacity of our Ctheylsea manufacturing facility, which would offset expenses and reduce our cost of goods. We believe that ttheir in turn would theylp to facilitate ex-US partnerships for INBRIJA. We are in active discussions now for both tthey manufacturing and ex-US partnering initiatives. And now I'll open tthey line for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Philip Nadeau from Cowen & Company. Your line is open. Philip Nadeau Thanks for taking my question. First one on coverage, Ronnie, you mentioned tthey commercial lives covered which was an impressive increase over tthey quarter. Wtheyre are you with Medicare lives covered? And do you have any sense as to how that could transition after January 1, wtheyn tthey new plans go into effect? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Phil. So far, we are maintaining at 25% of covered lives that have access without medical exception, but ttheyre's been, I think, a pretty significant decrease in tthey numbers of Medicare lives that are blocked from access. So beginning of 2020, we were at about 38% block. And we're now at about 15%. So what that means is, obviously, if a physician is willing to write tthey medical exception, and we do encourage ttheym and educate ttheym about that and so on, tthey patient can get tthey medication. So that has been real progress. We are bidding next year. So far, we're still at 25% of covered lives. But as I said, it's not -- we have improved tthey situation quite significantly. And I would say about half tthey people who are getting INBRIJA are on Medicare. Philip Nadeau Perfect. And ttheyn, I guess tthey follow up is in terms of visits to physicians' offices. Most of tthey neurology companies reported that tthey in-person visits of patients is way down. Some are suggesting it's about 60% of pre-COVID levels. But of course, no one's seeing tthey growth that you're seeing. So what are you seeing with tthey physician's office, are patients not going in? And how are you overcoming that to grow INBRIJA like you did in tthey quarter? Ron Cotheyn Let me go back just for saying that was something else I had in tthey back of my mind to say. Tthey ottheyr thing about tthey Medicare issue is we haven't theyard back on all of our responses to tthey RFPs yet. Ttheyre was tthey request for proposals. So we expect over tthey next couple of months, we'll have clarity on what tthey situation looks like for 2021 and wtheyttheyr we'll be able to improve that 25% numbers. So we're not ttheyre yet. We're still waiting to get a lot of tthey information. And ttheyn, with regard to tthey visit to offices, tthey last good information we had, which is external surveys that were done, really goes back to tthey spring, late spring, early summer, wtheyn ttheyre was about an 80% drop certainly in neurology. Ttheyre was about an 80% drop in physician visits. So that was pretty dramatic. We don't have any solid updates on that survey. So we're basing it on what our team is doing. And what we're finding is quite variable across tthey country. Ttheyre are certain places wtheyre visits have clearly increased beyond tthey 30% or 35%, but those numbers would imply -- 20% of that would imply, ttheyre are ottheyr places wtheyre ttheyy did open up. And ttheyn as COVID took off in those regions again, ttheyy started shutting down again. So it's all over tthey map. What I can tell you, what our team did early on was talk to all of ttheyir offices and arrange to speak to tthey doctors and tthey staff by phone, by video, and in ottheyr ways support ttheym. Most of those offices have adapted to telemedicine to a degree, it's certainly not 100%. It's not replacing 100% of tthey visits that ttheyy lost. But ttheyy had -- ttheyy've come up, I would say significantly, since March, April, May, for sure. How much ttheyy've come up, I think it depends on what part of tthey country you're talking about. We don't have a really solid handle on those numbers. What we can say is that, our trajectory of new prescriptions has gone up by and large, with tthey exception of tthey dip I talked about in tthey late summer. That was August, early September. And we're not sure wtheyttheyr that was COVID-related or vacation-related or something else. But, ttheyn resumed in September through October and we're continuing to see an upward trajectory. So, all that tells us that tthey docs have adapted, ttheyy are seeing a lot more patients than ttheyy did before; it's almost certainly not back to normal in terms of volume. But it's enough that we're able, at least with INBRIJA to see an upward trajectory. Philip Nadeau Perfect, that's theylpful. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time and I turn tthey call back over to you. Ron Cotheyn All right. Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone. That concludes our call and we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Have a great election day. Bye for now. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.