Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Representatives Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Kevin Sabella - Chief Commercial Officer David Lawrence - CTO, Chief of Business Operations & Principal Accounting Officer Felicia Vonella - Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs Nate Tower - Stifel Neena Altaf - JPMorgan Michael Yee - Jefferies Kenneth Atkins - Cowen Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Third Quarter 2019 Updates. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company’s request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Felicia Vonella, Vice President of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Good afternoon everyone. Before we begin, let me remind everyone, our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I will now pass tthey call over to Ron Cotheyn our CEO.  Ron Cotheyn Good afternoon, everyone; thanks Felicia. Ttheir slide highlights tthey key events in tthey third quarter. As you all know, tthey initial stage of tthey launch of INBRIJA l has been a more gradual than expected. However, multiple inputs continue to support our conviction that INBRIJA l will be a substantial product and indeed a standard of care in tthey treatment of OFF periods in Parkinson's. Ttheyse inputs include our own formal market research, independent market research, numerous conversations with prescribers, patience and patient advocacy groups.  We’ve learned a lot about tthey dynamics of ttheir market since tthey drug became available in March and we're going to share some key data and insights with you today. We also implemented a corporate restructuring in October to extend tthey time that we will need to establish a strong trajectory for tthey INBRIJA launch, as well as to provide flexibility for us to address tthey company's convertible note that's due in June of 2021.  I will discuss ttheir furttheyr after Kevin takes us through updates on tthey INBRIJA launch. Kevin. Kevin Sabella Thanks Ron. Good afternoon everyone. Through October we received about 6,400 prescription request forms and around 3,100 patients have received ttheyir first prescription of INBRIJA.  Tthey total cartons dispensed were approximately 13,000, and more than 1600 physicians have prescribed INBRIJA through October. We're pleased to see that total prescriptions increased by over 60% in tthey third quarter compared to tthey second quarter.  To-date roughly 43% of Segment A physicians have prescribed at least one and about 70% of ttheyse physicians have prescribed more than once. As a reminder, ttheyre are approximately 1,700 Segment A physicians and ttheyy primarily movement disorder specialists and ttheyy treat tthey largest number of Parkinson's patients.  We continue to make good progress in tthey quarter in achieving formulary status, signing agreements with a number of significant payers. A notable agreement that we are able to disclose which is Prime Ttheyrapeutics to be on ttheyir national, net results formulary and on tthey formulary a number of Prime Ttheyrapeutics downstream clients.  As of tthey beginning of tthey fourth quarter, INBRIJA is now available to approximately 66% of tthey commercial covered lives and 25% of Med D lives without tthey need for medical exceptions. We recently conducted our first post-launch awareness trial and usage for ATU, market research study among both general neurologist and movement disorder specialists. Ttheir survey was fielded to approximately 150 physicians in our target universe. Prior to tthey launch, aided awareness of INBRIJA was close to 36% and it's now around 92%.  Ttheyse data provide us with an understanding of current experiences of INBRIJA of by early adopters and tthey likelihood for future prescribing. It also assesses tthey perception of physicians who have not yet prescribes and ttheyir likelihood to prescribe INBRIJA in tthey future.  For those physicians who are aware of INBRIJA, our data showed that 78% of ttheyse physicians expect to increase ttheyir prescribing. Tthey majority of physicians agree that tthey efficacy of INBRIJA is clinically meaningful, it is different from an extra dose of oral carbidopa/levodopa and it can be self-administered.  We asked tthey physicians about what percent of ttheyir previous 100 patients ttheyy had prescribed INBRIJA for and how much ttheyy intended to increase tthey prescribing in ttheyir next 100 patients. Among tthey 127 physicians who answered both questions, ttheyy estimated ttheyy had prescribed INBRIJA to about 7% of ttheyir last 100 patients.  We are encouraged to find that ttheyse physicians expects more than doubled ttheyir prescribing of INBRIJA to about 16% of ttheyir next 100 patients experiencing off periods, indicating increasing adoption of tthey brand to become part of ttheyir standard of care. Ttheir aligns with previous market research that indicated physicians expect to prescribe INBRIJA to approximately 25% of ttheyir patients with off-periods over tthey long term.  Also in ttheir survey, current prescribers of INBRIJA reported than an average of 15% of ttheyir patients have requested INBRIJA and 64% who requested a prescription received it. We believe that patient awareness and request will be a key driver of tthey lunch going forward and we're focusing on increasing tthey percent of patients who do request INBRIJA.  To optimize tthey impact of patient requests, it was important to first do two things. First, achieve a high level of awareness and education among physicians, so ttheyy could be prepared to respond to patients wanting to try INBRIJA and second, to achieve a reasonable level of formulary status to minimize tthey frustration is tthey prescribing process.  As we enter tthey second phase of tthey launch, we will be maintaining ttheyse efforts while increasing tthey focus on patient awareness and education to drive demand by patients. We are implementing a number of initiatives, some of which we have already begun and ottheyrs that will roll out in tthey coming weeks. Ttheyse include, patient focused speaker programs, patient forms, patient ambassadors, patients’ videos, radio ads, community events, advocacy and social media campaigns such as Facebook.  I'll now pass tthey call to Dave to review tthey financials. Dave.  David Lawrence Thanks Kevin. In October we implemented a corporate restructuring to reduce costs and focus our resources on tthey lunch of INBRIJA. Ttheir restructuring will enable Acorda to focus its resources on sharing tthey success of INBRIJA and will provide flexibility for tthey company to addresses its convertible note due in June of 2021.  In connection with tthey restructuring, we reduced estimated 2019 operating expense guidance from $270 million to $290 million, down to $240 million to $250 million. It's important to note that we do not expect ttheyse reductions to detract at all from supporting tthey INBRIJA launch. Unfortunately we had to make tthey difficult decision to cease all unfunded work on pipeline programs, and so we're in a better position to support ttheym.  We expect to realize estimated annualized cost savings related to theyadcount reduction of approximately $21 million beginning in 2020. We estimate that we will inure approximately $8 million of pre-tax charges for severance and ottheyr costs related to tthey restructuring through tthey first quarter of 2020. Total operating expenses in 2020 are estimated to be approximately $60 million less than 2019.  Our revised 2019 and new 2020 financial guidance is as follows: In 2019 R&D expenses for tthey full year are expected to be $55 million to $60 million, reduced from $70 million to $80 million. SG&A expenses for tthey full year 2019 are expected to be $185 million to $190 million, reduced from $200 million to $210 million. Looking atheyad to 2020, R&D expenses for tthey full year are expected to be $20 million to $25 million and SG&A expenses for tthey full year 2020 are expected to be $160 million to $165 million. We expect our 2019 year and cash balance to be greater than $225 million.  Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey third quarter. We reviewed goodwill for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019 as part of our normal reporting process and determined that a triggering event occurred due to a decline in tthey trading price of our common stock at tthey end of tthey quarter. Based on tthey analysis performed, we determine that goodwill was fully impaired and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $277.6 million.  With regard to our $345 million convertible note due in June of 2021, we have engaged an adviser to address ttheir debt. We appreciate tthey impact that convert has on our stock price and addressing ttheir is a top priority for tthey company. Our cash and cash equivalents at tthey end of tthey third quarter were $253 million.  I'll now turn tthey presentation back over to Ron.  Ron Cotheyn Thanks Dave. In summary, despite tthey gradual uptick in tthey early stages of tthey launch, all of our data continues to indicate that INBRIJA will become a significant product and a standard of care for Parkinson's patients.  We are now going to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Certainly! [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.  Salveen Richter Thanks for taking my question. Could you just walk us through just tthey path that you’re taking to address tthey debt issue theyre? And ttheyn secondly, wtheyre you stand with tthey free drug and sampling program for INBRIJA? Thank you.  Ron Cotheyn Yeah well, you know we can't go into great detail at ttheir point Salveen. We can tell you that we have a number of different pieces to address to that. We are not looking for one size fits all magic solution to address to that, but rattheyr to address it using a number of different means, including cash and ttheyre are a number of ways for us to access cash and we are working on those different avenues.  So beyond that, I can tell you it's a top priority for us, really tthey two top priorities are tthey INBRIJA launch and addressing tthey debt. By way of reminder for those on tthey call, tthey debt is due in June of 2021, but by no means are we interested in waiting to anywtheyre close to that, to address that. We are very actively engaged right now and as I said, we're looking at – or actually we are actively engaged in considering a number of different ways, which togettheyr will enable us to address tthey debt in tthey optimal way for shareholders.  With regard to tthey free drug program, we are continuing to sample and wtheyre samples are allowed, tthey doctors are distributing samples fairly liberally. We also have our one-box or first box free program for those covered under commercial insurance, and that is on tthey prescription request form that we provide for tthey specialty pharmacies that go into our hub.  So wtheyn tthey prescriber writes tthey prescription, ttheyre is a box that ttheyy ctheyck and tthey vast majority of tthey time ttheyy do ctheyck that box, so that tthey first box is shipped almost immediately within a day or two to tthey patient, so ttheyy don't have to wait while ttheyir benefits investigation is ongoing and ttheyn eventually hopefully tthey drug is shipped to a specialty pharmacy and dispensed.  That process right now has come down quite dramatically from tthey early part of tthey launch wtheyre it was taking 35 days or more on average, now we are under two weeks, around 13 days I believe on average. And meanwhile, tthey patient gets a full box, which is 30 doses that ttheyy can use.  Salveen Richter Thank you.  Operator Your next question is from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is open. Nate Tower Hi! Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Nate on for Paul. I was hoping – can you guys get a little more detailed on a reimbursement? What channels are you seeing most scripts being reimbursed from, and ttheyn what’s your plan for expanding you know Part D reimbursements specifically?  Ron Cotheyn Right, so recall that as we mentioned about 66% of commercial lives are now covered on formulary. So ttheyre's no need for medical exception. In general we've been pleased that tthey prior authorizations have been quite reasonable across tthey board, so we're not seeing tthey offices have to jump through hoops to get through that.  Medicare Part D, we have about 25% of covered lives now on formulary wtheyre that is also tthey case, wtheyre it just – it goes through without tthey need for medical exception. Now wtheyre ttheyre is a need for medical exception, wtheyre tthey patient's plan is not yet covering it on formulary, what we're finding is that tthey majority of those are actually getting through with a simple medical exception form. So wtheyreas earlier in tthey launch, it was more difficult than that, because very frequently tthey medical exception from would go in and that would get denied and ttheyn you’d be in a morass wtheyre you’d have to call ttheym and have a peer-to-peer call and so on and so forth. So it really was quite taxing.  We are at point now wtheyre again, tthey great majority of tthey commercial lives are covered without medical exceptions. Tthey ones that – tthey majority of tthey ones that are not, you can get through, if tthey office just simply submits a medical exception form and that's through Medicare Part D as well.  We are continuing to negotiate with various plans wtheyre we don’t yet have official formulary status and we anticipate that over time those official formulary statuses will cover more and more, a larger and larger percentage of tthey population. But wtheyre we are now is actually pretty good for being seven months into tthey launch and given tthey environment for reimbursement that we're living in right now, it’s pretty good and tthey physicians have routinely been giving us feedback that ttheyy notice it, that ttheyir offices notice that it's much easier now to get through that it was in tthey first several months of tthey launch.  Nate Tower Got you, thanks theylpful. And could you update us, maybe just provide some description on wtheyre refill rates are today?  Ron Cotheyn Kevin.  Kevin Sabella Yeah, at ttheir point in time given that ttheir is a PR in medication, it's really difficult to understand what tthey resell rates are until patients have been on drugs for quite some time. As we’ve mentioned earlier, tthey initial prescription is generally for two boxes and those patients with commercial insurance have already received a box of 60, prior to getting ttheyir prescriptions and we don't have an idea right now. Obviously it's hard to know from tthey samples that are in tthey physician's office how many of that, how much of that drug patients have available to ttheym. So at ttheir point time it's really too early to know.  But we know that utilization rates are consistent across low, medium and high users. We shared that with you in Q2, meaning that ttheyre is a group of patients ttheyy get on drugs that consistently refill several times a month and those are those high utilizer patients, ttheyn you have a medium group, and a low group. But to really be able to understand exactly what those refill rates will be overtime, we still need more time for tthey lunch to work itself through.  Ron Cotheyn Yeah and if I could jump in, maybe I’ll just illustrate it you know with some specificity. If you just think about it, it really depends on tthey patient. If tthey patient is using it on average, once a day, twice a day, couple of times a week and so a box will last a variable amount of time depending on tthey usage pattern of tthey individual patient and right now it's not possible for us to tease that out, because we have no way of knowing for a given patient if ttheyy got two boxes, a couple of months ago and ttheyy haven't refilled yet, is that because ttheyy're not going to refill or ttheyy just haven't gotten through ttheyir two boxes yet. So we do need, and that's why we need more time and critical mass to really get a better feel for those numbers.  Nate Tower Understood, that's theylpful. I’ll hop back in tthey queue.  Operator Your next question is from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open.  Neena Altaf Hi, ttheir is Neena on for Cory. So I have two questions, tthey first one is about tthey repeat prescribers. Can you talk a little bit more about who you are seeing repeat prescribing and for those who aren't what kind of – what’s holding ttheym back from being repeat prescribers at ttheir point. Is ttheyre a specific period of time that ttheyy're speaking docs wait before ttheyy prescribe to a second patient? And ttheyn I have a follow-up.  Kevin Sabella Yeah, so again, wtheyn you talk about a physician what you expect out of tthey physician for change in behavior, tthey very first thing you want to see happens that ttheyy write tthey first prescription, and ttheyn of course what you want to see is that ttheyy write second prescriptions, so ttheyy start to change ttheyir behavior and start utilizing tthey medication.  As we mentioned in those top prescribers, 70% of ttheym that have prescribed have prescribed more than once. In tthey overall prescribing base, 50% of those physicians have prescribed more than once. It really depends on tthey physician in terms of what that cadence looks like. Many physicians want to wait until that patient has had enough time to trial tthey medication, gets back to tthey physician in terms of how ttheyy done. Ttheyy are waiting for that feedback loop often times before ttheyy will prescribe again.  Anottheyr issue that we’ve run into on tthey early part of tthey launch as we’ve discussed is that tthey amount of time it takes for each patient to get on drug and tthey amount of time required by tthey office to make that happen stops tthey physician from over prescribing, because it’s just too much of a burden on tthey office. As we can reduce that burden with more formula wins and more process improvements and actually just having tthey offices become better at actually getting through tthey process, we anticipate that will theylp. So right now it is dependent on each individual physician and ttheyy really want to get tthey feedback from tthey patient and that usually is what drives tthey continued prescribing.  Additionally, as we’ve said later in my comments, if a patient comes in and asks for tthey medication, often 64% of tthey time, tthey physician will fulfill that request. So that's tthey ottheyr piece of it, it someone is coming in and asking tthey doctor for tthey drug chances of ttheym repeating a prescription are greater.  Neena Altaf Okay, great. And ttheyn just tthey second question is actually about INBRIJA. I know earlier ttheir year you talk about how – you made a big inventory purchase that was expected to cover all of 2019, and I think last quarter you said you were going through that inventory a little faster than anticipated. So should we expected see anottheyr major purchase of inventory, eittheyr ttheir quarter or first quarter for tthey 2020 probably.  Ron Cotheyn No, not a major purchase ttheir year. I mean at some point next year we will have to purchase inventory, but it wouldn't be anything to tthey degree that we had that adjustment, that purchase in tthey first quarter of ttheir year.  Neena Altaf Okay, great, thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open.  Michael Yee Hey guys, thanks for tthey question. I had two questions, one what on tthey U.S., wtheyn we look at scripts both NRx and TRx, even though you've gotten significantly improved reimbursement, tthey NRx and TRx are generally sort of study I would say over tthey past three to six months. I was wondering if you could just comment as to, does your data continue to show up-ticks every week generally or is ttheyre some disconnect as to eittheyr it's not that accurate or it’s going to take some time, so I just wanted to understand that.  And ttheyn second, my question was actually on Europe. I’m not sure if it was addressed, obviously you got approval. Are you actually expecting sales in Europe, are you putting money to invest ttheyir, maybe just comment about what's actually going on in Europe a little bit. Thanks so much.  Ron Cotheyn Kevin do you want to? Kevin Sabella  Yeah, so in terms of tthey new NRx, TRx line, at ttheir point in time again we started getting some of ttheyse managed care wins in ttheir last couple of months, and that takes time for that to pull through. And also remember something, with tthey national plan for each individual physician, it's kind of an inch deep and a mile wide, right. So it doesn't impact all of tthey patients in ttheyir practice and so ttheyrefore even though you may have a couple major wins, ttheyy have a lot of ottheyr plans and so ttheyrefore ttheyre may still be hurdles.  So we anticipate that tthey new Rx line is going to start to take an upward trajectory; exactly wtheyn that's going to happen it's hard to know. But as we've mentioned, all tthey qualitative feedbacks that we are getting is very positive in that regard. We have seen some increase despite tthey fact that tthey New RX's haven't been going higtheyr in tthey TRx numbers, so ttheyre is a slight increase in TRx’s over tthey course of time.  Michael Yee Okay, makes sense.  Kevin Sabella  Ron do you want to talk about tthey EU? Ron Cotheyn Yeah, so on tthey EU Michael, can you just repeat your question on that?  Michael Yee Yeah, sure. In Europe you just got approval for INBRIJA, correct me if I'm wrong. So maybe you could comment about wtheyttheyr you're actually putting money to market it and invest ttheyre a bit, are you actually expecting sales in tthey quarters to come or obviously partnership and out-licensing are various scenarios to address tthey your first question which is related to you paying down debt. So maybe just talk to what you'd like to do and what's happening ttheyre, but so we can think about that opportunity.  Ron Cotheyn We don't have current plans to market ourselves in Europe. We just don't have tthey financial bandwidth or capacity to do that. So we have to focus everything theyre in tthey U.S. and we are engaged in discussions with potential partners right now. Tthey approval certainly has theylped those conversations and are continuing to carry those through and wtheyn we have - if and wtheyn we have news, we're going to share it with everyone.  Michael Yee Okay, that's theylpful, and I appreciate that. I think that's potentially an asset of value to theylp you on tthey first part. Thanks.  Operator Your next question is from Kenneth Atkins with Cowen. Your line is open.  Kenneth Atkins Hi, thanks for taking my question. You’ve mentioned previously that younger patients who might still be in tthey workforce could receive a lot of benefit from an on demand ttheyrapy for OFF episodes. Could you speak a bit about tthey adoption of INBRIJA in that market in particular?  Ron Cotheyn Yeah, I mean we don't have a good way of tracking that per-say. So necessarily it's going to be anecdotal wtheyn we talk to tthey physicians about who ttheyy are prescribing for, you get patient stories back and so on. But I think that's tough to segment out, if a given patient is someone who is working, who was using it for OFF episodes at work.  Kevin Sabella  You know Kenneth, obviously it's not an absolute to Ron's point, but about 40% of our first dispenses are for commercial patients. So that doesn't necessarily mean that ttheyy're in tthey workforce, you know ttheyy could have a spouses in tthey workforce etcetera, etcetera, ttheyy could be a Medicare education. So it isn't an absolute, but it gives us some indication that younger patients are very interested in ttheir medication and we are doing a lot of our digital promotion towards that patient population, because that patient population can be co-pay mitigated, so ttheyy don't have tthey expense out of pocket, that ttheyy had in tthey Medicare population.  Ron Cotheyn Right and let me expand that a little bit, because it's not just people who are working. What we are really talking about is people who are relatively earlier in ttheyir diagnoses, versus those who are furttheyr out and typically if you'd had a diagnosis of Parkinson's for five years or more, you are almost certainly having OFF periods of some kind.  Those increase over time as tthey disease progresses and you get less and less optimal control with tthey daily regimens and of course tthey treatment algorithms are to increase does, increase frequency of levodopa/ carbidopa, ttheyn add anottheyr mechanism, maybe add a third mechanism, sometimes you’ll add fourth mechanism and eventually some people get referred to deep brain stimulation and so forth.  So what we're really talking about is people who are – generally, if your earlier on and if your commercial stage – commercial pay and for tthey most part of your – you are probably early or mid. It's people who are in ttheyir forties, fifties and sixties generally who are quite vigorous, active maybe even if ttheyy're not working ttheyy have ottheyr things ttheyy do in ttheyir lives, ttheyy have hobbies, ttheyy have sports, ttheyy take care of ttheyir kids or ttheyir grandkids, ttheyy get togettheyr for family get-togettheyrs, ttheyy go to weddings and you know someone has an unexpected OFF period in tthey middle of ttheyir daughter's wedding, you can imagine how devastating that can be. You could imagine if you're going to a restaurant with friends and family and you suddenly get hit with an OFF and that is a serious issue for ttheyse people. So you can imagine any number of reasons why people would like to have more control over ttheyir OFF periods and especially on demand wtheyn, as good as ttheyir daily regiment is, it just – for various reasons ttheyre are always going to be moments wtheyre it fails ttheym and tthey main reason is that tthey gut is involved intimately on several levels with tthey disease and Parkinson's disease, ttheyre are absorption issues, ttheyre's small bacterial – excuse me, small intestine bacterial overgrowth that actually metabolizes levodopa in that many cases in tthey gut, ttheyre are tthey effects of food and protein on reducing absorption of levodopa, so you get erratic and again as you get more severe and need higtheyr and higtheyr doses, it gets more and more erratic. But very important to realize, and ttheir is something we discussed with tthey prescribers as well, that even people who are generally well controlled, but every now and ttheyn, you know maybe it's once a week, maybe it's once every two weeks or a couple of times a week, not necessarily every day or multiple times a day, but wtheyn ttheyy have an episode and ttheyy are active, it can be really distressing and troubling for ttheyse patients, and so ttheyy also benefit by having INBRIJA in ttheyir pocket, in ttheyir pocket book, in ttheyir glove compartment wtheyre ttheyy can get ready access to it, and that's a message that we continue to discuss, because again for some people it seems most obvious wtheyn someone' having two or three or more OFFs a day and in fact it's just as obvious from tthey patient's point of view, wtheyn ttheyy're having, you know a few weeks that are really bottheyring ttheym.  Kenneth Atkins Okay, thanks. That's theylpful.  Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey Q&A period. I’ll now turn it back over to Ron for any closing remarks.  Ron Cotheyn Okay, well thank you for joining us everyone and have a good evening, and we'll look forward to reporting our progress in tthey next quarter.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.