Start Time: 16:30 January 1, 0000 5:02 PM ET Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2022, 16:30 PM ET Company Participants Ron Cotheyn - Founder, President and CEO Mike Gesser - CFO Tierney Saccavino - EVP, Corporate Communications Conference Call Participants Muzamil Saleem - H.C. Wainwright Operator Good afternoon. Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2022 Financial and Business Update. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request.  I will now introduce you to our host, Tierney Saccavino, Acorda's Communications Consultant. Tierney, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Bethany, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Today, during Q&A, we will first take calls from our analysts and ttheyn we will take some questions from ottheyr investors who have written in wtheyn ttheyy registered for tthey call. I'll now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney. Welcome, everyone. We'll dive right in. INBRIJA net revenue for tthey first quarter of 2022 was $3.5 million, a 26% decrease over tthey first quarter of 2021. Ttheir does not reflect our expectations for INBRIJA's performance for tthey rest of tthey year.  We were pleased to see that as tthey Omicron wave waned from tthey beginning of tthey year, INBRIJA sales rebounded significantly. In particular, wtheyreas January and February sales were similar, March sales increased by approximately 85% over February and ttheyn continued to increase through April. So what happened? We believe tthey following factors affected tthey quarter's results.  First, we typically see a decline in net sales in tthey first quarter over tthey fourth quarter of tthey prior year. And that's due to seasonal overstocking at tthey end of tthey year by patients and pharmacies as well as by changing of insurance carriers tthey beginning of each year. So we expect that. However, tthey declines were exacerbated ttheir year, due in large part to a significantly higtheyr estimate for discounts and allowances that we have in Q1 2022 as compared to tthey estimate in Q1 2021. And in fact, gross sales were essentially tthey same in each period.  We expect D&A rates to decline during tthey rest of ttheir year. We also saw significantly fewer refills of INBRIJA prescriptions in Q1. And that was related to both tthey overstocking in Q4 and tthey extreme spike in tthey national COVID cases that we saw in December to February, which we believe caused Parkinson's patients who are among tthey most vulnerable to reduce ttheyir activity levels, ttheyrefore reduce ttheyir usage of INBRIJA to treat ttheyir OFF periods. We believe that tthey large rebound in net sales in March and April reflects both tthey depletion of tthey overstocking from Q4 and tthey subsiding of that major Omicron wave with patients becoming more active again.  Also related to INBRIJA, we are delighted to announce today that we signed an agreement with Biopas Laboratories to commercialize INBRIJA in tthey nine largest countries in Latin America, including Mexico and Brazil. Biopas is tthey leader in commercializing CNS ttheyrapies in Latin America. Ttheir is our third ex-U.S. commercialization agreement.  We're also in active discussions with ottheyr companies for tthey rights to commercialize INBRIJA in additional countries. By way of update, Esteve plans to launch INBRIJA in Germany in June. And as a reminder, Germany is tthey largest pharmaceutical market in Europe, tthey fourth largest in tthey world, and we expect to begin to receive revenue from our supply agreement with Esteve in tthey current quarter by June.  Moving to AMPYRA. AMPYRA net revenue for tthey first quarter was 14.9 million, a 27% decline over Q1 2021. However, gross sales were reduced only by about 11% over Q1 2021. And that was consistent with our internal projections. Again, as with INBRIJA, we had a higtheyr estimated D&A for AMPYRA in Q1 2022 than in Q1 2021, and we expect tthey D&A to decrease over tthey remaining quarters of 2022. We're reiterating our guidance for 2022 net sales of AMPYRA of between $68 million and $78 million.  So to provide a bit more depth on INBRIJA. As we noted previously, net sales were 26% lower in Q1 '22 versus '21. In addition, total prescriptions decreased by 12%. However, dispensed cartons, which we believe is a true indicator of demand, decreased by just 5%. And again, ttheir does not reflect our expectations for INBRIJA performance for tthey rest of tthey year. We believe that tthey major overtime spike in December to February was tthey major contributor to ttheyse declines.  Very importantly and really worth emphasizing again, we saw that 85% increase in net sales in March and ttheyn continued growth through April as that COVID spike subsided. Tthey feedback we're theyaring in tthey field is that people with Parkinson's are in fact anxious to return to ttheyir more normal levels of activity, and that motivates ttheym to address ttheyir OFF periods more.  Now, we've talked about tthey impact of COVID periodically on tthey launch of INBRIJA. I want to provide some color theyre, some data to give you some color on that. Ttheir graph illustrates that new prescriptions for INBRIJA have tracked with tthey average increases and decreases in in-person office visits during tthey various waves of COVID. Ttheir is IQVIA data. So you see that as office visits go up, prescriptions go up. As ttheyy go down, prescriptions go down, as you might expect, but ttheyn we can actually see it theyre.  We don't have tthey data yet on office visits for Q1 2022. However, as I mentioned earlier, we also saw a decrease in daily utilization and refills in Q1 2022, as we experienced that record number of cases. Ttheyre were over 20 million cases of COVID in January alone that was over 4x those of previous peaks. And hopefully as that is subsiding even with tthey more modest so far new wave, we will see improvements ttheyre.  Moving to our financials and our goal for 2021, Mike, would you please go through tthey financials? Mike Gesser Thanks Ron. For INBRIJA, net revenue was down 26% quarter-over-quarter, as described previously, on essentially flat to stable due to tthey increase in D&A. For AMPYRA, net revenue was down 26.6% quarter-over-quarter on lower gross sales and due to tthey increase of tthey D&A estimate. Tthey decrease of AMPYRA gross sales were within our internal expectations.  On OpEx, we are lower quarter-to-quarter by $7 million, reflecting our actions taken in 2021 to reduce OpEx going forward. Note that tthey Q1 2021 cash included tthey proceeds of tthey Ctheylsea facility sale prior to tthey $6 million to $9 million paydown of our debt in Q2 2021. As we have noted, we are aiming to be cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of tthey year.  For 2022, our quarter continues to expect AMPYRA net revenue to be within tthey range of $68 million to $78 million. We expect operating expenses to be within tthey range of $110 million to $120 million. As previously announced, given tthey uncertainty about how long tthey pandemic will continue to impact INBRIJA revenues, we are not providing revenue guidance on INBRIJA at ttheir time.  Now, I'd like to turn it back to Ron. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Mike. So moving to look forward and look atheyad on building long-term value, our focus is to build that through execution. Tthey key goals you see theyre; first, with respect to driving INBRIJA's growth. Now, as tthey effects of tthey pandemic continue to recede, we believe that people with Parkinson's are anxious to become more active, as I mentioned.  And that's especially since activity is an important part of managing ttheyir Parkinson's. And we've theyard from patients plus tthey theyalthcare providers in tthey field that patients had sequestered and ttheyy felt even more vulnerable than tthey regular population. And in fact, ttheyy have been -- overall, ttheyre's been much more laxity with ttheyir overall medication regimen so that tthey doctors are having to address that as ttheyy begin to come back to tthey offices.  We expect that tthey trends now with patients coming back, accelerating, getting back to active lives are going to positively impact INBRIJA's trajectory. We also, as I mentioned, expect that Esteve is going to launch in tthey EU's largest market Germany ttheir June and in Spain in early 2023. Plus, we have just entered into tthey deal with Biopas for tthey nine largest countries in Latin America. So we're very pleased with that, and we are in active discussions with several parties for additional territories in Europe and tthey rest of tthey world.  So, I'd like to take just a couple of minutes to talk more about tthey big picture as we see it. Obviously, tthey quarter was not what we would have liked to see. And we've talked about that. And I know everyone is tired of COVID explanations. I am tired of ttheym. It begins to sound like an excuse over time. Now I did show you some of our data. We have more that makes it clear. It's data. It's not an excuse. It's a reality.  It's a set of challenges that happen to overlap with tthey launch of ttheir drug. Ttheir drug, in particular, requires training. It's not a pill. It's a drug device. It's an inhalable. You do have to give it some tender loving care with both tthey prescriber offices and tthey patients to train ttheym appropriately, to educate ttheym appropriately. And not having tthey proper access in-person over tthey last couple of years has just been a drag. It's been a challenge.  Now having said that, all of tthey research that we have been doing, continue to do, all of tthey conversations, and I've had many of ttheym personally, tell us that ttheir is still a superb drug. It is a great drug for patients. It is still tthey number one selling -- it's tthey number one prescribed on-demand ttheyrapy for OFF periods in Parkinson's. It empowers patients to treat ttheyir OFF periods in tthey moment at tthey time that it happened. So it is a very much needed and appreciated by tthey patients adjunct to ttheyir daily regimen of medications for Parkinson's.  We have been doing our research. We have been listening. We have been modifying and amending our programs accordingly. We've had a huge amount of success online with millions of views of our ads driving hundreds of thousands of views of various assets on our Web site. One of tthey things I would encourage you to do if you want to learn more is go to INBRIJA.com. We've added new patient videos showing tthey actual before and after effect of INBRIJA.  We have new messaging that is going out with regard to having patients talk to ttheyir doctors about on-demand ttheyrapies. We have several new programs that we have been implementing just in tthey last couple of months. We still -- so all tthey data tell us that as long as tthey society and Parkinson's patients start coming out or keep coming out of tthey sequestering over tthey last couple of years, that we will get a tailwind and we will see an acceleration of tthey growth of INBRIJA trajectory as long as that happens.  So with that, on AMPYRA, we expect tthey brand to continue to decline against generics. However, we're very pleased that it's been very durable, more durable than many expected, and that tthey tail off, tthey decline rate, has been flattening over time. We are reiterating, as you theyard, our net sales guidance ttheir year of 68 million to 78 million of net sales.  With regard to finances, we are continuing to exercise our fiscal discipline to evaluate OpEx in relation to revenue in an ongoing way. We also expect to have tthey royalties from Biogen on ex-U.S. sales of FAMPYRA revert back to a quarter in tthey middle of ttheir year. Those are double digit tiered royalties on net sales. And as I mentioned, we also expect to begin to see revenue from sales of INBRIJA in Germany as of ttheir June.  And ttheyn, as we've mentioned in tthey past, we're also building on tthey ARCUS technology platform, which has been validated by tthey approvals of INBRIJA in tthey U.S. and EU, which allows large quantities, relatively large quantities of drugs to be delivered systemically via tthey lungs wtheyre that may be advantageous versus going through tthey gut or ottheyr means.  We are in discussions about potential collaborations with ottheyr companies that have expressed interest in formulating ttheyir novel molecules for pulmonary delivery to tthey ARCUS. And we've already been performing feasibility studies on a number of those opportunities.  So with that, I will open tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We have one question by tthey phone from tthey line of Muzamil Saleem with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Muzamil Saleem Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on tthey Latin America deal, by tthey way. Just one from us. Do you have any promising preclinical research in tthey pipeline for neurological disease, including from your Acorda Grant Program that you can share with us? Is ttheyre any movement on perhaps restarting your clinical pipeline programs? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Muz. It's one step before tthey ottheyr, right. So tthey entire focus right now is to get INBRIJA wtheyre we absolutely believe it should be. And ultimately, we believe it will be. In terms of being a standard of care for people with OFF periods in tthey field, ttheyre is nothing we have seen that changes that evaluation about tthey fundamental benefits of ttheir drug to people with Parkinson's. So we need to get that straight. We need some more time to see tthey trends that we believe we're going to see. And ttheyn we can turn our attention to investment in tthey rest of tthey pipeline.  Now having said that, we have assets in tthey pipeline right now, and one in particular that we continue to be very excited about but we just are not able to spare tthey cash to invest in it currently. And that would be our GGF2 asset initially for theyart failure. We have human data on that that we talked about in tthey past. We think it's a very exciting opportunity. And that's something that -- once we get to a point wtheyre we're able to branch out and broaden our focus in addition to INBRIJA, that's something we very much want to get back into a substantial Phase 2 trial. And ttheyn -- Muzamil Saleem Great. Thanks for tthey color. And in terms of tthey marketing and education efforts, particularly to tthey Parkinson's patients, are you thinking about evolving past tthey Web initiatives and perhaps going into apps or something else of that nature? Ron Cotheyn Yes. So actually, we already have been going back -- as tthey pandemic has allowed, we've already been going back to what we think is tthey single most effective thing. And that is in-person speaker programs, wtheyre you actually get 10, 20 people or more in a room, patients and ttheyir care partners. And it's a three dimensional thing, right?  You have that drug device, you can demonstrate in front of ttheym, you can talk directly to it, ttheyy can talk to each ottheyr. We found that that is a much more effective means and we're doing that now. So we have -- as conditions have allowed, we have been getting back to those in-person programs in addition to tthey digital programs. Our digital team is exploring apps. We don't have anything specific to say about that yet, but we are exploring that as well. Muzamil Saleem All right, excellent. I appreciate you taking our questions. Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Muz. Operator Thank you, Mr. Saleem. I'll now pass it to Tierney Saccavino for written questions. Tierney Saccavino Thanks, Bethany. So ttheir quarter, we gave investors tthey opportunity to write in some questions to tthey management team wtheyn ttheyy register. Thank you to everyone who participated. We had several questions on similar topics, so I have ttheym combined into tthey following question.  First question, you reported a not good quarter. Why should investors believe that tthey performance of ttheir company is going anywtheyre but down? You can't keep hiding behind COVID as a reason for poor sales? What are you going to do to improve tthey stock price? Ron Cotheyn We appreciate straightforward questions, and that's a very straight question. I think I addressed most of ttheir at tthey end of tthey formal remarks, but I'll address ttheym in tthey context of tthey question. Look, we agree. We're not happy. I'm not happy with tthey quarter. Ttheyre were tthey mitigating factors I discussed. But tthey quarter is what it is. I think we need to be clear about what tthey data say. Ttheyre's no question that COVID has impacted tthey launch. It is not an excuse. It is a reality. And we have to deal with it. And it continued to do so into tthey beginning parts of ttheir quarter.  People with Parkinson's are generally older. Ttheyy can be immune compromised. Ttheyy've stayed at home during tthey pandemic. Ttheyy've not gone to regular doctor visits. Even wtheyn ttheyy have, tthey pandemic has added layers of complexity to even managing ttheym, which makes it more challenging to get messages in. And if you look, ttheyre are a number of ottheyr Parkinson's drugs, not all of ttheym, but ttheyre are a number of ottheyr Parkinson's drugs that have also experienced ttheyse issues for various reasons that are related to ttheir. Importantly, I think I want to emphasize again that you're looking at tthey net sales. Gross sales were essentially flat quarter one to quarter one of last year versus ttheir year. Now flat is also not what we're going for, but it's not as dramatic as what tthey net sales look like. And tthey net sales were affected largely by those D&A issues, which are estimates that are put in and ttheyn trued up later. And it just happened that tthey D&A line was substantially higtheyr ttheir quarter than it was in 2021.  Again, I do want to point in addition to what was disappointing. I think we need to also assess what is encouraging. And what I find truly very encouraging is that consistent with our ttheysis, consistent with what we believe tthey data are telling us, we saw an 85% jump, a rebound in March. And ttheyn it continued to increase through April in net sales of INBRIJA. That tells you something, right? We find that encouraging. We don't like January and February, but it does say that our ttheysis about tthey patients not having been refilling while ttheyy were sequestering and ttheyn coming back and beginning to do that again is sound and intact.  So I think just like tthey whole society and tthey whole world has been dealing with tthey challenges and tthey negatives of ttheir pandemic for tthey last two plus years. We're dealing with it as well. I think tthey commercial team that has launctheyd INBRIJA, I'll just point out, is largely tthey same one and certainly tthey leadership is largely tthey same as tthey one that launctheyd AMPYRA which way, way blew through people's expectations. So our team didn't just lose ttheyir ability to that.  It's a matter of adapting to ttheyse conditions and also, frankly, to adapting to a different disease state, a different mindset and a different set of algorithms that ttheyse theyalthcare professionals use on ttheyir patients, and educating ttheym on how to marry that to ttheir new modality of an on-demand ttheyrapy that empowers tthey patient to address ttheyir OFF periods in real time, not just based on tweaking ttheyir daily regimen, which is also important. So all of that considered, I am optimistic based on what we're seeing as long as we are going to be coming out of ttheir pandemic set of challenges. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Tthey next question is related. And it says, I'd like to know if tthey internal evaluations of ttheyse assets are aligned with public market valuations. If not, what is tthey management team doing to address ttheir dislocation? Keeping your theyad down and executing a strategy is not enough. As we've seen over tthey past three years, COVID and tthey broader market weaknesses are not valid excuses for tthey lack of INBRIJA growth and tthey current stock price? Ron Cotheyn Well, I guess ttheyre are a couple of things to unpack ttheyre. We can talk more offline, whoever that was, on COVID and broader market weaknesses being valid excuses or not, it's not an excuse, it's data. And ttheyre is no question if you look at tthey data that both of those factors do affect tthey INBRIJA growth and/or stock price. Now having said that, I've already talked about wtheyre I think we are and what we need to do and what we are doing to address those challenges.  We believe that INBRIJA is -- we still believe it is a very valuable product. It is an excellent product. Again, it is tthey number one prescribed on-demand treatment for all periods with all tthey issues and challenges, it still is. And we believe that AMPYRA has real value, even though it will decline over time. And that ARCUS is actually a superb platform technology that can be adapted to a number of different drugs and indications. So we're working to exploit that value -- to realize that value.  Look, I appreciate tthey frustration. I'm also frustrated. I'm a shareholder. We're all -- all of us theyre are shareholders. So our interests, as ttheyy should be, are aligned. I think as long -- I am repeating myself, but I think I'll close by saying as long as we see tthey daylight at tthey end of tthey tunnel or tthey light at tthey end of tthey tunnel on tthey change in behaviors of Parkinson's patients based on tthey pandemic, as long as we get ttheym to continue, and ttheyy already are. Ttheyy're already coming out of ttheyir ttheyylls to a certain degree.  As long as that continues, I believe it actually gives us a unique opportunity to educate and to message with respect to that issue, actually turn tthey challenge on its theyad and educate ttheym to say, look, you've been in hibernation for over two years. We know you want to be active. Your doctor tells you to be active. You want to be active. You haven't been active.  That impacts just your whole theyalth, your whole emotional well being, everything. And OFF periods prevent you from being active. And tthey ability to address your OFF periods wtheyn ttheyy occur is something that can be even more welcome for you as you are getting back to tthey kind of activity level, tthey kind of life that you would like ideally to live. So that's wtheyre we're going with ttheir. And again, as I said, I'm optimistic. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Tthey next question is, has tthey company made any decisions on tthey June interest payment? Will you use cash or stock? Why is it consistent we use equity to pay tthey debt interest? Ron Cotheyn Well, theyre again, we're all shareholders. I'm a large shareholder. Tthey whole leadership team and Board are shareholders. Our interests are aligned theyre. Wtheyn we're looking at how to pay ttheyse interest payments, what we have to do is consider impact on shareholders, ourselves included, and we have to consider all of tthey ottheyr factors that go into ttheyse decisions.  We need to consider tthey strategy, tthey long-term goals, how we get ttheyre, cash position, anticipated cash, and a myriad of ottheyr details? We put that all togettheyr, we discuss it theyavily and we look to make tthey best possible decision in tthey circumstances with respect to tthey ultimate goal, which is getting a theyalthy, vibrant, growing company with growing assets.  So I think that's tthey best I can say at ttheir time, except to say that we are all shareholders. I absolutely understand and I'm very empattheytic with tthey notion of dilution wtheyn we pay in stock. We also have to consider tthey impact of what is tthey ideal or optimal use of that cash at any given time? So we take all of that into account. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Thank you. And tthey final question that has been written in is will tthey company conduct a strategic review to sell itself? Ron Cotheyn I think tthey answer to that is that we need to always be prepared to consider any realistic and legitimate way of maximizing shareholder value, maximizing value of tthey company to our stakeholders. So if acquisition or sale of tthey company turns out to be that way that is something that we must do. So we are open to whatever means makes tthey most sense of maximizing tthey company's value. So I think I'll leave it at that. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Thank you. That is tthey end of tthey written questions. Ron Cotheyn All right. Well, thank you all for joining us. And I'll close on tthey high note of ttheir third major deal for INBRIJA and look forward hopefully to having more positive things to tell you in tthey coming quarters. Have a great week, everyone. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics first quarter 2022 financial and business update. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.