Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Investor Relations Ron Cotheyn - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Gesser - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Boobalan Pachaiyappan - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2022 Financial and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino, at Acorda. Tierney, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino  Thank you, Kenneth, and good morning, everyone. So before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Today, during tthey Q&A, we will first take calls from our analysts, and ttheyn we will take questions that ottheyr investors have written in wtheyn ttheyy have registered for tthey call. I'll now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn  Thanks, Tierney. Good morning, everyone. Diving right in, in 2022, we achieved a stream of business successes, particularly in tthey latter 3 quarters of tthey year that all increased shareholder value. Despite an unusually challenging first quarter that severely impacted INBRIJA sales, which we believe was related to tthey COVID Omicron surge. Tthey quarter delivered strong financial and operational performance. We met our financial guidance for AMPYRA and INBRIJA U.S. net sales and also for operating expenses although we were not cash flow neutral in Q4. We significantly lowered tthey trajectory of our cash burn and we expect to be cash flow neutral or positive for 2023. Additional successes included closing an agreement with Biopas, to commercialize INBRIJA in tthey 9 largest Latin American countries. Tthey launch of INBRIJA by Esteve in Germany and tthey licensing of our clinical stage asset, Nepicastat to Asieris for $500,000 upfront plus up to $7 million in regulatory milestones plus royalties on sales of commercialized products. We received an award of $18.3 million in our AMPYRA arbitration with Alkermes that also resulted in a marked reduction of our cost of goods going forward. We expect to save $10 million to $12 million in ttheyse costs in 2023 alone. And we renegotiated our agreements with Catalyst, which we expect to substantially reduce our cost of goods for INBRIJA going forward. And in addition, we obtained a waiver of our $27 million in Finland loans. And so far in tthey new year, we've received an extension from NASDAQ to June 20, 2023, to bring tthey company's share price back into compliance with NASDAQ listing requirements, thus avoiding having to implement a reverse stock split. And we just announced that Esteve has also launctheyd in INBRIJA in February in Spain. So moving to INBRIJA. INBRIJA, U.S. net sales for tthey full year 2022 were $28 million. That was a 5.6% decrease from 2021 and fourth quarter U.S. net sales were $9 million, a 13.1% decrease over Q4 2021. But a 146% increase over tthey first quarter of 2022, and I'll discuss ttheir in more detail in tthey next 3 slides. So you see theyre tthey pattern of net sales each quarter since launch. Overall, tthey trend repeats itself each year. Sales always dip in tthey first quarter as a result of insurance deductibles resetting and Q4 buy-in by tthey specialty pharmacies and ttheyn sales increased steadily during tthey year. However, sales dropped far more in Q1 2022 than in tthey prior first quarters of tthey launch. And we believe that ttheir excessive drop was primarily related to tthey COVID Omicron surge that occurred in end of Q4 and through Q1 2022, that was by far tthey largest surge of tthey pandemic. However, sales recovered very well during tthey year. And as I noted, Q4 sales were 146% greater than Q1. We saw a similar pattern in ttheir next slide in total prescriptions or TRx, which dropped by an outsized 27% in Q1 2022 and ttheyn recovered much of that lost ground over tthey year. And theyre you see cartons dispensed to patients, which is tthey most accurate measure of true demand. Ttheir also followed a similar pattern. You see a minimal drop in 2021 in Q1 2021 versus Q4 2020. But a 25% drop in Q1 2022 versus Q4 2021 . And again, we progressively recovered most of that lost ground during tthey year. For tthey first 2 months of 2023, we're running significantly atheyad of 2022 similar period in dispenses to date. And we're also encouraged that new prescription request forms for January and February are significantly higtheyr than tthey comparable period last year. On ttheir next slide, based on ttheyse encouraging trends as well as responses to tthey new programs that we've been implementing, we believe we will continue to grow tthey INBRIJA brand in tthey U.S. and ex U.S. in 2023. And we're providing U.S. net sales guidance of $38 million to $48 million. INBRIJA currently has 67% of on-demand treatment market for Parkinson's disease. But fewer than 2% of tthey about 380,000 people with Parkinson's who could qualify are currently taking any of tthey on-demand treatments and that gives us a significant opportunity to grow that market, particularly now that patients and physicians are moving past COVID. Just to review some of tthey new programs that we've been implementing. Our new brand campaign for INBRIJA is focused on educating theyalth care professionals, people with Parkinson's and ttheyir care partners about tthey emotional impact of OFF periods on tthey lives of both people with Parkinson's and ttheyir care partners. Ttheir is important, we've learned from our experience so far in tthey market that ttheir is something that is widely missed among theyalth care professionals who treat Parkinson's disease. Ttheyy understand about tthey medical aspects of OFF periods, but ttheyy don't -- many of ttheym don't fully grasp tthey impact on ttheyir patients. And just to give you an illustration or a couple of illustrations because we talk to a lot of patients out ttheyre. If you consider someone whose major activity, let's say, is golf. And that's ttheyir major social activity, it's ttheyir major exercise. And that's very important for people with Parkinson's to stay active, to exercise, to be social because it can be an isolating disease. And last couple of times ttheyy went golfing on tthey 8th hole, on tthey 11th hole all of a sudden, one of ttheyir hands started to tremble as ttheyir symptoms came back with ttheyir OFF period. Ttheyir game just -- ttheyy started slicing and hooking every shot. It wasn't a severe OFF necessarily. Ttheyy weren't incapacitated but ttheyir entire outing became embarrassing and miserable. And after a couple of ttheyse times, ttheyse are real stories that we've theyard after a couple of times of that happening, tthey person tthey next time ttheyir buddy's call and say, "Hey, tea time, Joe, on Saturday morning, 9:00." Ttheyy say, "Hey, you know what, you guys go on without me today. I'm not feeling well." Ttheyy begin to isolate ttheymselves, not because ttheyy're having an OFF in that moment, but because ttheyy've had ttheym before in embarrassing terrible situations and now ttheyy're afraid it's going to happen again, and ttheyy have no way of dealing with it. Wtheyreas if ttheyy have a way of dealing with it, ttheyy have an on-demand ttheyrapy you can see what that would add to ttheyir ability to address ttheyir disease and tthey issues in ttheyir disease. And that affects care partners as well. So if you think about theyre's a real example, we have one patient who's wife is -- they used to be a Coast Guard pilot. His wife is a salesperson, and theyr job requires theyr periodically to travel. Sthey told us that it got to a point with their OFF periods wtheyre ttheyy was afraid to actually go out and do theyr job. Afraid to go as ttheyy was thinking that ttheyy might have to give up theyr job because ttheyy was afraid to leave them alone if they got into trouble with an OFF period and couldn't do anything about it. And now you can see tthey impact of having INBRIJA. Ttheir patient happens to be on INBRIJA, wtheyre ttheyy both know that they can address it at tthey time it happens and our data show that tthey onset of action is in as little as 10 minutes. So our campaign is encouraging physicians to think about how OFF results in Parkinson's patients, making ttheyir lives smaller and how we need to encourage ttheym and ttheyir care partners to take actions that will give ttheym back some control over ttheyir lives. We've increased our digital promotion of ttheir new campaign. And in Q4 relative to Q3 and we saw a 145% increase in returning website visitors and a 104% increase in website visitors taking what we call high-value actions. Such as downloading a brochure or watching a video or registering to get more information and by tthey way, to tthey extent you all have an interest, I encourage you to go to imbrija.com. Take a look at tthey patient before and after videos you'll actually see tthey one I just talked about with Jimmy and their wife, Christie as ttheyy theylps them out of a chair with their OFF period. I find ttheym extremely compelling. I believe you will as well. And more to tthey point, we have theyard from physicians, ottheyr theyalth care professionals and patients and ttheyir care providers that ttheyy find ttheym compelling. Moving to AMPYRA. AMPYRA net sales for tthey full year 2022 were $73 million. That was consistent with our guidance of $68 million to $78 million and ttheir was a 13.7% decrease from 2021. Sales in tthey fourth quarter were $19 million, a $16.6 million decrease over Q4 2021. Recall that we have said all along that ttheir will decline over time relative to generics. However, tthey rate of sales decline versus generics has been leveling off quite a bit, and we expect it to continue to moderate. And I'll show you that in tthey next slide. So theyre, you see from tthey beginning of generic competition in Q4 of 2018, ttheyre is a leveling of tthey decline of sales through tthey end of 2022. Tthey slope continues to flatten through 2022 and for 2022 -- excuse me, 2023, we expect AMPYRA net sales between $65 million and $70 million. Next slide, we project that AMPYRA sales over tthey next 5 years will stabilize at approximately $60 million a year or higtheyr based on ttheyse trends and something really encouraging to note about 200 doctors wrote prescriptions for branded AMPYRA in 2022, who had not written since it went generic in 2018. And you might ask yourself, well, why and we believe that performance is due to tthey way we've been maintaining tthey brand. First of all, we increased our field sales calls on MS specialists to ensure that ttheyy're aware of tthey various support programs that we're continuing to provide for tthey brand, many of ttheym thought once we went generic, that we were no longer supporting it. And we found that we need to get that word out because ttheyre's a lot of embedded physician and patient brand loyalty that we built up wtheyn we had tthey exclusivity period. And we continue to theyar from both tthey theyalth care professionals or theyalth care providers and patients that ttheyy value tthey support that we've always provided and are continuing to provide. That includes our first step program that gives tthey initial 2 months of AMPYRA free to commercially insured patients, co-pay mitigation so that patients with commercial insurance are paying no more than $10 a month out of pocket for tthey brand, which is less than usually ttheyy're paying for generics. And also, we continue to provide physician and reimbursement support. Access also has remained high for AMPYRA about 70% of covered lives can get access to it through insurance. And with that, I'm going to turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mike Gesser who will review tthey financials with us. Mike? Michael Gesser  Thank you, Ron. Good morning, everyone. In addition to our U.S. revenue, we reported $2.9 million of INBRIJA ex-U.S. sales, $11.7 million of FAMPYRA royalties, $2.6 million in royalties for Neurelis and $500,000 from Asieris Pharma for tthey clinical assets we licensed to ttheym. Looking at tthey 2022 financial performance, we achieved our guidance as announced at tthey beginning of tthey year for AMPYRA and adjusted OpEx. Adjusted OpEx, as you know, is research and development, sales and general administration and is down from 2021 by approximately $18 million. Net income improvement was impacted by Alkermes Award and tthey extinguishment of tthey Biotie Finland debt. We ended off tthey year in a strong cash position. For 2023, we expect INBRIJA U.S. net revenue between $38 million and $42 million and a pure U.S. net revenue between $65 million and $70 million. We expect adjusted operating expenses of between $93 million and $103 million and we expect our ending cash balance to be between $43 million and $47 million. And we plan on achieving a net neutral cash flow for tthey year or better. Additional guidance can be found in our long-term financial guidance in tthey earnings release. And now I'll turn tthey call back over to Ron. Ron Cotheyn  Thanks, Mike. So reviewing our priorities, we're continuing to build shareholder value in 2023. At first, accelerating INBRIJA's trajectory in tthey U.S., taking advantage of tthey new post-COVID environment with tthey commercial programs that I discussed earlier and also closing new ex-U.S. deals, while our existing deals continue to roll out commercial launctheys in additional countries. For example, Biopas, our Latin American partner believes that ttheyy'll begin to roll out launctheys in early 2024. And we are negotiating additional deals or discussing additional deals for ottheyr territories in tthey world right now. Maintaining AMPYRA also remains an important focus as we'll continue to inform tthey MS theyalth care providers about tthey various programs that we provide to support tthey product on behalf of MS patients. And we're also, as you just theyard from Mike, reducing operating expenses furttheyr in 2023 over 2022 by between $9 million and $19 million, and that follows a total of $64 million in reductions that we've already made between 2020 and 2022. And as you theyard, we expect to be cash flow neutral to positive in 2023 and we're continuing to evaluate collaborations for creating important new inhale ttheyrapies with our ARCUS technology. And with that, we'll thank you for your attention, and we will open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We have a question on tthey line from Boobalan Pachaiyappan with HC Wainwright. Boobalan Pachaiyappan  Ttheir is Boobalan. Can you theyar me okay? Ron Cotheyn  Yes, we can. Boobalan Pachaiyappan  I'm dialing in for Ram Selvaraju. So firstly, how much are you spending on commercial costs for AMPYRA specifically? Ron Cotheyn  You know what, I don't believe we break out those numbers. But Mike, do you want to take that? Michael Gesser  Well, we don't break those numbers out. So addressing that would probably be a -- we need to discuss how we want to craft that. But I will say, as we answered a question similar to ttheir in tthey past, we do provide direct sales and marketing support to AMPYRA through our sales force. We provide a lot of digital marketing and tthey normal kinds of advertising and support that way for AMPYRA. So and INBRIJA. It is not -- it appears specifically, as Ron was saying, is not a forgotten product, and we find that tthey more attention we pay to AMPYRA through our sales and marketing and approactheys returns rattheyr well to us for that effort, tthey doctors respond positively. Boobalan Pachaiyappan  Okay. And secondly, what do you expect peak sales of in INBRIJA to be in Europe? And how does tthey pricing compare between tthey U.S. and European territories? Ron Cotheyn  Yes. So again, we are not currently giving guidance for European sales. First of all, a lot of that depends on which countries get rolled out and wtheyn and ttheyn each country has a different pricing sctheyme depending. So we're not currently comfortable that we can give guidance on that. Ttheir really depends on our partners and ttheyir ongoing assessment of tthey market. I would say that in general, given our own experience theyre, it takes a while to get a sense of what's going on in tthey market and how to project so at ttheir point, we just don't feel that we can be accurate enough in projections that we can give ttheym. If we get to a point if and wtheyn we get to a point wtheyre we can, we obviously will do that. By tthey way, I do want to make one correction while I'm still thinking of it. I'm told that I misspoke wtheyn I was presenting tthey slide on 2023 INBRIJA U.S. sales projections, I'm not sure I said tthey right range, but tthey correct range is $38 million to $42 million, $38 million and $42 million in tthey U.S. for 2023. So I just want to make sure I corrected that, and let me return to your questions. Boobalan Pachaiyappan  All right. And ttheyn thirdly, how should we think about cost cutting and operating expense control over tthey remainder of 2023 and do you see any scenario in which furttheyr cost control would be required in 2024? Ron Cotheyn  Mike, do you want to take that please. Michael Gesser  Yes. So we are continuing to significantly reduce our operating expenses. We have that plan for '23 as we just discussed. And if you go back and look at our guidance -- long-term guidance that we provided in December, you'll see that we do have a rattheyr tight control on operating expenses, not growing significantly as our revenue grows in tthey outlying years. we are not necessarily planning on ottheyr significant decreases as we feel like we're driving down our operating expenses to a point that can support tthey sales that we have given guidance on in tthey future. But we do look at every opportunity and what you don't see, but you -- is that we are exchanging certain cost departments for cost and ottheyr. So ttheyre might be net reductions in certain departments, but those are used to fund ottheyr activities and departments that need more funding are more beneficial to -- that spend is more beneficial to tthey company. Boobalan Pachaiyappan  Okay. And ttheyn one final question from us. What are your plans for refinancing your convertible debt? And what kind of debt instrument would you consider most desirable to replace tthey existing facility? Ron Cotheyn  Yes. So we obviously have tthey debt and we need to address it. What we can say, we can't give you specifics at ttheir point but what we can say is that we stay in communication with tthey great majority of our bondholders, meaning tthey great majority who own tthey great majority of debt. Fortunately, it's fairly concentrated. Ttheyre are maybe 8 or so holders who are accounting for over 80% of tthey debt so we're able to have constructive conversations regarding tthey debt. And we, tthey leadership team and tthey Board are in real time. We are continuing to evaluate various ways of dealing with tthey debt in hopefully, in collaboration with tthey bondholders. And wtheyn we have a decision or decisions on which way we're going to go with that, we will certainly let everyone know. Operator I will now turn tthey call back to Tierney Saccavino, for furttheyr remarks. Tierney Saccavino  Thanks, Kenneth. So we do have several investors who've written in questions as ttheyy registered and I'm going to read ttheym now. Tthey first question is, if tthey stock price goes above $1 for 10 days, and your company is back in compliance with NASDAQ listing rules, how will you announce that? Ron Cotheyn  Well, we would certainly -- yes, we would certainly announce it publicly that would be a material event. And as with all material events, we would put that out very likely, I would think, in tthey press release. Tierney Saccavino  Okay. Next question. If you're confident about your long-term business plan, we'd expect to see Acorda insiders purchasing stock. Do company leaders or directors have plans to do so? Ron Cotheyn  So I can't speculate on that, but what I can say is that we have theyard ttheyse concerns from our shareholders and I have to say I'm personally sensitive to it, and we're all sensitive to it theyre on tthey Board and tthey leadership team. I would note that in tthey past, tthey company leadership team members, including me, have purchased our stock. Ttheir was obviously at higtheyr prices before. So we are taking that under advisement, but we can't make any advance or proactive announcements about that. I hope you can all appreciate. Tthey ottheyr thing to understand is that tthey Boards and leadership teams are very often constrained by possessing material nonpublic information at any given time that limits how we can buy or sell tthey stock in tthey company. And as you can appreciate, if you just look at tthey last 6 months, let's say, and all of tthey things that we announced that we had previously been working on, you can get a sense that especially as we're working to build back tthey value of tthey company and engaging in all kinds of initiatives, it's highly likely that at any given time, we may be in possession of that information. So Again, we're sensitive to it. We have done it before. We have bought our stock before. I have bought large amounts of our stock before, and we will take all of that into consideration. Tierney Saccavino  Okay. Next question. Will you continue to make your debt interest payments with cash. Ron Cotheyn  So -- well, a couple of things worth noting. First of all, ttheyre's only one more payment left at tthey upcoming June payment, wtheyre we even have tthey option to pay it in stock that's just under tthey agreement with tthey bondholders. So that would be tthey only one wtheyre ttheyre would even be an option not to pay it in cash. Tthey Board typically makes that determination about what we're going to do shortly before tthey payments are due. So I don't have a specific answer for you. But I can tell you that in general, as shareholders ourselves we are very sensitive to tthey dilution issues that are involved. And our preference is to pay in cash if we believe that is in tthey best interest, taking all factors into consideration. I think it's also worth noting if it gives you some comfort that we currently do not have nearly enough shares to pay ttheir June payment in shares at anything close to tthey current stock price. So hopefully, that will give you some sense of tthey answer. And as we get closer, obviously, we'll announce it. But our overall view is that it is generally speaking, preferable to paying cash unless ttheyre are ottheyr compelling factors that dictate ottheyrwise. Tierney Saccavino  Okay. Next question. It appears that a shareholder or shareholders are selling stock every time tthey Acorda stock goes above a $1 and maybe in order to keep tthey price depressed. What is your plan to address ttheir? Ron Cotheyn  So we -- like you, we monitor tthey stock activity closely to look for any untoward patterns. I have to say that we have been concerned about tthey type of pattern that you just articulated to tthey extent that we see activity and can find sufficient evidence for activity that is unethical or outside tthey regulations or illegal we would immediately report that to tthey relevant authorities. Tierney Saccavino  Okay. Next question regarding Alkermes. What do you think is tthey likelihood of being able to get clawbacks of additional royalties already paid with your current legal petition? Ron Cotheyn  Well, we're not able to comment on or speculate on ongoing litigation. Tthey filing is public. As you know, if tthey filing indicates that we believe that we are owed an additional $65 million. That's going to be in tthey hands of tthey court wtheyn we have our theyaring, so please stay tuned for that. Tierney Saccavino  Our next question concerning INBRIJA with a lack of COVID over tthey last calendar year, why are we still not seeing more robust growth? Ron Cotheyn  So first of all, we have not had a lack of COVID over tthey last calendar year. If you go back, we had a surge last summer. We had anottheyr surge in tthey fall. So I would say it's been more like approximately 6 months or less, wtheyre tthey country has really opened up to an extent and particularly our part of tthey country, which is tthey physicians, tthey patients ttheyre -- by tthey way, walk into a lot of hospitals and doctors' offices today, ttheyy're still all requiring mask. So it's not like everyone has already moved entirely past it. What we're indicating is that over tthey last -- let's call it, 1 to 2 quarters, ttheyre's been enough opening up and return to more normal patterns of behavior and medical activity that we feel, for tthey first time in tthey pandemic that we have tthey kind of opening we need. And also understand ttheir is not like turning on a light switch. It's not like everyone moves past it to today. And ttheyn all of a sudden, we have ttheir major burst of prescriptions. No. It's almost like relaunching in some respects, wtheyre you just have to do tthey groundwork, you have to get in front of ttheym. You have to get tthey new campaign out ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr new things that we have implemented, for example, tthey ability to e-prescribe which has been taken up very nicely and very rapidly by most of tthey prescribers at ttheir point. Tthey ability to buy tthey product for cash for less than tthey co-pay for patients who cannot afford ttheyir co-pay on Medicare, for example. So all of ttheyse programs that we have been putting in place, you can see, we put tthey new digital programs into place in tthey fourth quarter. And as I reported to you, we've already seen a 145% increase in visitors coming back versus tthey third quarter. We've seen over 100% increase in visitors taking high-value actions wtheyn ttheyy come back. So all of that is extremely encouraging. And as I indicated, we've already seen significantly higtheyr prescription activity in tthey first 2 months of ttheir year versus last year. So we believe it is taking hold, but it's just going to take some time. And our integration of all that is reflected in our projection that we've given for INBRIJA for ttheir year of between I don't want to get it wrong again. It's between $38 million and $42 million for tthey year. Tierney Saccavino  Tthey next question is, was ttheyre a delay in tthey launch of INBRIJA in Spain. Ron Cotheyn  No. No. Actually, we were pleased that, that was right on sctheydule. We've been telegraphing for much of last year that we expected it to launch in Spain based on Esteve's timetable in early 2023. And in fact, ttheyy launctheyd in February. So I think that qualifies as early 2023. We did not announce it until recently because we had to wait for Esteve to announce it in Spain. And wtheyn ttheyy announced it, we announced it, which was recently. Tierney Saccavino  Next question, is tthey company on track to deliver on tthey long-term financial results outlined last year? Michael Gesser  I'll take ttheir, Ron. Ron Cotheyn  Yes, please, Mike. Michael Gesser  Yes. So our long-term guidance is included in tthey earnings release. You'll notice that it's essentially tthey same as tthey long-term guidance we released in December for INBRIJA and AMPYRA sales and tthey only adjustments we've made to tthey ottheyr item is a result of tthey catalyst restructuring tthey Catalent deal that we've recently concluded. So we will continue to monitor tthey performance closely, and we will reiterate our guidance or any changes in guidance as appropriate. Tierney Saccavino  Thank you. Next question, why are you not able to be cash flow neutral in 2022? Michael Gesser  Ron, I'll do ttheir one also, please. I was hoping we were going to get ttheir question. As we've been talking about, tthey Omicron impact in Q1 significantly impacted INBRIJA revenue and it impacted it for tthey year. That reduction in revenue adversely affected our cash flow position because we were just not receiving tthey revenue we anticipated and ttheyrefore, tthey payments for tthey sales of our product. That is tthey real reason that we had as far as not getting cash flow neutral in Q4. Wtheyn we had talked about that in tthey past, we had talked about tthey quarter, tthey fourth quarter being cash flow neutral. We had made significant reductions in our operating expenses as we had described. We did meet that guidance for operating expenses well as meeting our guidance for AMPYRA. And we feel like we've ended tthey year in a rattheyr strong cash position for us and we are continuing to reiterate tthey guidance that we're aiming to be cash flow neutral or at least or positive for tthey year of 2023. So we feel pretty good about wtheyre we are given tthey immense hold that we have been describing now for 4 quarters that we were faced with in Q1. Tierney Saccavino  Thank you, Mike. Okay. Tthey last writing question is, first, let me congratulate tthey team and tthey management for tthey great work you are doing. I would like to see more updates and news with regard to your operations. And maybe it's time to talk about a buyback or conversion of tthey convertibles shares for shares and that would leave tthey company with great numbers and no debt. Ron Cotheyn  Well, thank you for tthey current feedback. We are pleased overall with tthey performance ttheir year and -- excuse me last year, and what we're seeing early ttheir year and tthey milestones that we've been able to hit. We do announce news promptly wtheynever we have a material update in tthey company, we made quite a number of those announcements as I indicated in tthey last several months. We are aiming to have more to make ttheir year. As I mentioned earlier, with respect to tthey bonds, we are in touch with tthey bondholders. We are continuing to evaluate different ways of addressing tthey debt. And wtheyn we have a way that we have settled on, we are certainly going to announce that promptly. Tierney Saccavino  Right. That is tthey end of tthey writing question. So Ron, I'll turn it back over to you. Ron Cotheyn  All right. Well, thanks, Tierney. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to our next update. And tthey ones after that, we're aiming to continue what we've been doing for tthey last 6 months or so in terms of generating positive news and shareholder value. Talk with you next time. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Year End 2022 Financial and Business Update. Thank you for your participation.