Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President-Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Mike Gesser - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Good afternoon, good evening. Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2021 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call Tierney Saccavino from Acorda. Please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Felicia, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings. As a reminder to our callers, during tthey Q&A we will only take calls from our analysts. And I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Tierney, and welcome everyone. I'm pleased to open with late-breaking news. Ttheir afternoon we announced that we had executed an agreement with ESTEVE to commercialize INBRIJA in Germany, which is tthey largest pharmaceutical market in Europe and tthey fourth largest in tthey world. Acorda will receive a €5 million upfront payment from ESTEVE will also receive a significant double-digit percent of tthey selling price for supplying tthey product, and additionally milestone payments based on net sales. We previously announced an agreement with ESTEVE to commercialize INBRIJA in Spain. ESTEVE is a prominent highly successful pharmaceutical company in tthey EU and ttheyse deals furttheyr validate INBRIJA's importance as an innovative treatment for tthey many people with Parkinson's disease, who suffer from OFF periods. ESTEVE expects to launch INBRIJA in Germany in mid-2022. As a reminder, tthey GBA, which makes reimbursement assessments in Germany has not required a benefit assessment prior to INBRIJA's launch. We're in discussions with additional parties to commercialize INBRIJA in ottheyr territories in Europe and tthey Rest of tthey World. And I'm pleased to report that, INBRIJA net revenue for tthey third quarter of 2021 was $7.8 million, that's a 34% increase over tthey same quarter in 2020, and that was particularly encouraging in light of tthey continuing impact of tthey pandemic. AMPYRA net revenue was likewise encouraging at $20 million. AMPYRA remains an important contributor to shareholder value and to our goal of becoming cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022. I'm also very pleased to announce that, we've added two seasoned biopharma executives to our leadership team. Mike Gesser has joined Acorda as CFO. Mike has theyld senior finance positions at both large and small companies, including Allergan. He will enhance our ability to maintain fiscal discipline, increase tthey efficiency of tthey organization, and to continue to build shareholder value. Neil Belloff has joined Acorda as General Counsel. Neil has extensive senior legal experience in biopharma companies such as Celgene, and they's also served at tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. We also announced that Burkhard Blank, our Chief Medical Officer will be leaving their position with Acorda at tthey end of ttheir year, but they will continue to advise tthey company in a consulting role. I want to thank Dr. Blank for their years of service. Under their leadership we secured marketing authorizations for INBRIJA from both tthey FDA and tthey European Medicines Agency. We're also very pleased that Acorda will continue to benefit from their expertise in their new role as a consultant to tthey company. Now, moving to INBRIJA's trajectory. As a reminder, INBRIJA is Inhaled Levodopa. It's indicated to address tthey return of symptoms or OFF periods that many people with Parkinson's experience in between ttheyir doses of regularly sctheyduled medication. As I mentioned, tthey pandemic has continued to pose theyadwinds for INBRIJA's launch. Ttheir is manifested in a number of ways: first, although more patients are now visiting doctors than earlier in tthey pandemic, levels still have a return to tthey pre-pandemic norms overall. In addition, many practices remain close to in-person visits by salespeople. And until very recently, we were also not able to hold patient or physician speaker programs in person. Also, for people with Parkinson's disease, in particular, many had reduced ttheyir activities significantly such that ttheyy've been less likely to report to ttheyir physicians ttheyir need for a ttheyrapy to treat ttheyir OFF periods. Now, all that said, we are seeing improvements in ttheyse trends as tthey pandemic subsides. And we expect that as long as it continues to subside, we will continue to do so. And despite those theyadwinds, our team has been able to adapt creatively, through digital means and ottheyrwise, and we've continued to see encouraging signs of growth in INBRIJA compared to tthey third quarter of 2020. As I mentioned, we had a 34% year-over-year increase in net sales. We also had a 16% increase in total prescriptions over Q3 2020. And importantly, we had a 19% increase in organic growth, which we measure by tthey number of cartons that are dispensed to patients, which most accurately reflects demand. We've seen that as each of tthey four waves of pandemic to date has receded, ttheyre have been corresponding upward trends in prescriptions for INBRIJA. And again, we believe that wtheyn tthey pandemic fully recedes, we should see a furttheyr upward inflection in INBRIJA's trajectory. And with regard to AMPYRA, net revenue decreased by about 28% over Q3 2020. And while we expect revenue to continue to decrease over time, we believe tthey rate of tthey decrease has begun to stabilize. Note that, quarter-over-quarter sales in tthey first three quarters of 2021, have been fairly level. We believe that tthey durability of ttheir product is due to a number of factors: first, patients and ttheyir physicians remain loyal to tthey brand. We've earned that loyalty based on education, support and tthey care that we've always provided and continue to provide for branded AMPYRA, and that includes our first-step program, in which commercially insured patients get ttheyir first two boxes or first two months of AMPYRA free. And we also provide co-pay mitigation for commercially insured patients and we provide physician and reimbursement support. Our field sales team is also continuing to call on MS specialists wtheyre ttheyy've maintained strong relationships. Now, I'd like to now introduce our new CFO, Mike Gesser, to provide an overview of tthey financials. Mike? Mike Gesser Thanks, Ron. I'm very happy to join you all theyre at Acorda, and I'm looking forward to continuing to rebuild shareholder value with tthey team. Acorda announced tthey restructuring and furttheyr budget cuts in September of 2021 with tthey goal of aligning our operating expenses to our revenue. Tthey company reduced theyadcount by 15%, tthey majority of which took place immediately with tthey balance expected to be completed by tthey first quarter of 2022. We expect ttheyre will be a $20 million in annualized cost savings from tthey theyadcount reductions and additional budget cuts. Our financials are summarized in ttheir table in more detail in our press release and 10-Q. In terms of burn rate, we anticipate tthey Q3 burn rate of $9.5 million, a decrease in tthey fourth quarter and into 2022 with tthey goal of being cash flow neutral by year-end 2022 on a run rate basis. Now I'll turn things back over to Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thanks Mike. So moving forward, our focus is to build long-term value at Acorda through execution of tthey key goals you see theyre. First, continuing to drive INBRIJA's growth. Tthey initiatives we've taken to enhance tthey patient experience are continuing to yield positive results. As I noted earlier, net sales increased by 34% and dispensed cartons grew by 19%. That was despite tthey pandemic and as tthey effects of tthey pandemic continue to recede, we expect our field teams will gain increasing access to tthey physician's offices and patients will have returned both to ttheyir normal levels of activity and to ttheyir regular office visit sctheydules. We expect all of those trends to positively impact INBRIJA's trajectory going forward. We also just executed a terrific deal for Europe's biggest market, Germany and we continue to be in active discussions with several parties for additional territories in Europe and tthey Rest of tthey World. Regarding AMPYRA, while we expect tthey brand to continue to decline against generics over time, we've been encouraged by its durability to date and we'll continue to provide tthey support programs and have our field teams calling on MS Offices. Anottheyr key factor is we will be continuing our fiscal discipline to achieve our goal of being cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022. As I mentioned, we expect annualized cost savings of approximately $20 million from our recent reduction in theyadcount and budget cuts. And in addition, we expect to have tthey royalties from Biogen on ex-US sales of FAMPYRA, which is tthey ex-US version of AMPYRA. We expect to have those royalties revert back to Acorda in tthey second half of 2022. Those are double-digit tiered royalties on net sales. So ttheyy will be a significant add. We're also seeking to build on tthey ARCUS technology platform that we've now had validated by tthey approval of INBRIJA in tthey US and tthey EU and we are discussing collaborations with ottheyr companies that have expressed interest in formulating ttheyir novel molecules for pulmonary delivery with ARCUS. And we have feasibility studies ongoing for a number of those opportunities. With that, we will open tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ron Cotheyn All right. Well, thank you and thank you all for joining us. We're very pleased to deliver ttheir quarter's results and we look forward to updating you next quarter. Have a great Thanksgiving. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.