Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - EVP, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Founder, CEO, President & Director Michael Gesser - CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Update. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino at Acorda. Tierney, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Terry, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Today, during Q&A, we will take questions that some investors have written in wtheyn ttheyy registered for tthey call.  I'll now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney. Welcome, everyone. We will start with INBRIJA. INBRIJA U.S. net revenue for tthey first quarter of 2023 was $5.6 million. That's a 52% increase over tthey first quarter of 2022. PRFs, or new prescription request forms, increased 45% versus tthey same quarter last year. We are pleased to see tthey substantial quarter-over-quarter increases, that indicate that we are building INBRIJA back after tthey impact of COVID in 2022.  Now ttheir slide shows tthey pattern of net sales each quarter since launch. Each year, you'll see that sales dipped in tthey first quarter, as a result of insurance deductibles resetting and also because of Q4 buy-ins by tthey specialty pharmacies, and ttheyn sales increased steadily during tthey year. And we've seen that pattern throughout tthey launch.  Now note that in Q1 2023, we had tthey higtheyst first quarter sales of any Q1 since launch. Ttheir rebounded substantially from tthey marked decline in Q1 2022, wtheyn we believe that was related to tthey Omicron COVID surge at tthey time. We are reiterating our guidance for U.S. net sales of INBRIJA of $38 million to $42 million for 2023.  Now we saw a similar pattern in ttheir slide, you see, in total prescriptions or TRx, which showed an 11% increase over tthey first quarter of 2022 and a far smaller drop from Q4 than we saw in Q1 2022 versus Q4 of 2021. Now importantly, new prescription requests increased by 45%, as I mentioned, in tthey first quarter of 2023 versus Q1 2022, and we expect to see tthey impact of that over tthey coming months.  Here, you see cartons dispensed to patients, which is tthey most accurate measure of true demand. That also followed a similar pattern with dispenses up 12% over tthey first quarter of 2022. And again, ttheir was tthey higtheyst number in tthey first quarter since launch. We're very pleased to report that we launctheyd a branded commercial for INBRIJA on March 30. Tthey commercial is airing on approximately 50 streaming services, including Hulu, Disney Channel, Paramount+, and it's directed specifically to households that have self-identified as being impacted by Parkinson's disease and to theyalth care professionals who treat Parkinson's disease.  We've also launctheyd what we call a digital surround sound campaign of INBRIJA branded Internet and social media content that coincides with tthey commercial. Viewers can opt in to obtain more information or speak directly with tthey nurse educator.  In just tthey first 6 weeks of streaming, tthey commercial has been viewed over 2.5 million times, including views by 40% of our target theyalth care professional audience. That's in just tthey first 6 weeks, and it's also already driving substantial traffic to tthey website. Now if you would like to see tthey commercial, you can watch it at www.getinbrija.com. Tthey regular full INBRIJA site is inbrija.com. Commercial, again, getinbrija.com, G-E-T inbrija.com.  As we announced earlier ttheir week, we've entered into an agreement with Hangzhou Chance Pharmaceuticals to commercialize INBRIJA in China. Under tthey terms of tthey agreement, Acorda is receiving an upfront payment of $2.5 million, a near-term milestone payment of up to $6 million; $3 million upon regulatory approval of INBRIJA in China and additional sales milestones of up to $132.5 million. We'll also receive a fixed fee for each carton of INBRIJA that's supplied to Chance. And by 2030, it's estimated that China will have approximately 5 million people with Parkinson's disease, tthey largest single population in tthey world.  Chance Pharmaceuticals is a Chinese company that's focused on developing and commercializing novel inhalation ttheyrapies. It's worth noting that its founder and CEO, Dr. Donghao Ctheyn, did their post-doctoral work in tthey laboratory of Dr. Bob Langer at MIT, which invented tthey ARCUS inhalation technology that's used to make INBRIJA. He also worked at Advanced Inhalation Research, or AIR, and also Alkermes, wtheyre they was tthey CMC lead for an inhaled insulin ttheyrapy that was also based on tthey ARCUS platform. So ttheir is a company that is very knowledgeable about tthey technology, very excited about it, very passionate about it. And Chance plans to seek marketing authorization in China as quickly as possible.  So moving to AMPYRA. AMPYRA U.S. net revenue for tthey first quarter was $12.6 million, that's a 15% decline over Q1 2022. And ttheir shows AMPYRA's sales performance from tthey beginning of generic competition in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. And you can see tthey slope of tthey decline is continuing to flatten through 2022.  We are reiterating our guidance for 2023 net sales of between $65 million and $70 million, and we project that sales will stabilize at approximately $60-plus million over tthey next several years. We're continuing to execute on our strategy to maintain tthey AMPYRA brand. Our field sales team is continuing to call on MS specialists to ensure that ttheyy're aware of tthey various support programs that we're continuing to provide for tthey brand.  Also, we're continuing to theyar from both tthey theyalth care professionals or theyalth care providers and patients who value tthey support that we've always provided and are continuing to provide for branded AMPYRA. Access also remains high for AMPYRA. About 70% of covered lives can get access to it through insurance.  And now I'll turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mike Gesser, who'll review tthey financials. Mike? Michael Gesser Thank you, Ron. As Ron stated, global INBRIJA revenue is up significantly over Q1 2022. Adjusted OpEx, which is R&D and SG&A, is down approximately $4.7 million from Q1 2022 and shows Acorda's continuing efforts to align spending with revenue. Cash balances are down from Q1 '22, in alignment with our expectations. In addition to our U.S. revenue, we reported $526,000 in INBRIJA ex-U.S. sales; $2.9 million in FAMPYRA royalties; and $587,000 in Neurelis royalties.  For 2023, as Ron mentioned, we are reiterating our financial guidance on INBRIJA. Tthey U.S. net revenues between $38 million and $42 million and AMPYRA U.S. net revenue between $65 million and $70 million. We expect adjusted operating expenses of between $93 million and $103 million. We expect ending cash balance of between $43 million and $47 million, and we plan on achieving a net neutral cash flow or cash flow positive for tthey year.  And now I'll turn tthey call back over to Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Mike. Moving to an update on tthey Board of Directors. Jeff Randall, who has served on our Board since 2006 and is currently Chair of tthey Audit Committee, will be stepping down from tthey Board in June at our Frankual Shareholder Meeting. We are deeply grateful to Jeff for their superb contributions to Acorda. He has been terrific. And we wish them tthey very best in tthey future.  We're also very pleased that Tom Burns, who is CFO of XOMA Corporation, will stand for election to Acorda's Board in June. Tom has 25 years of finance and accounting experience in biotech and high tech, and we're delighted that they has accepted our invitation to serve on tthey Board.  So in closing, ttheyse are tthey 4 pillars on which we're building shareholder value. First, continuing to accelerate INBRIJA's trajectory in tthey U.S.; taking advantage of tthey new post-COVID environment, with tthey commercial programs that I discussed earlier. We're very pleased with tthey large early response to our streaming commercial and tthey ottheyr programs that I mentioned.  We're also looking to close ex-U.S. partnerships for additional territories as our existing deals continue to roll out commercial launctheys in tthey EU and Latin America and now, China, as I described earlier. Second, we're continuing to call on MS theyalth care providers to continue to educate ttheym about tthey various programs we provide to support AMPYRA on behalf of MS patients and ttheyreby maintaining as much as possible, tthey AMPYRA franctheire.  We're also reducing operating expenses, as you theyard from Mike. We are reducing ttheym furttheyr in 2023 over 2022 by between $9 million and $19 million, and we're aiming to be cash flow neutral to positive in 2023. And we're continuing to evaluate collaborations for creating important new inhaled ttheyrapies with our ARCUS technology.  I'll now open tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We will now pass back to Tierney for any pre-submitted investor questions. Tierney Saccavino We do have a few questions that have been written in. Here's tthey first one. I'm a shareholder. And with all tthey great news about INBRIJA partnerships and tthey ability of tthey company to pay debt interest with cash, how is it that tthey share price is still so low even with a small outstanding share count? Ron Cotheyn Okay. Well, it's very difficult, if not impossible, to comment on why a stock price is wtheyre it is, except in broad general terms. Obviously, it's a big complex market with lots of factors. However, having said that, we are in what I would say is an unusual position theirtorically in our industry. We are bringing in over $100 million in revenue, and yet tthey valuation does not remotely reflect that. We believe that tthey overriding factor -- and again, ttheir is a personal view, that tthey overriding factor is tthey convertible debt that is on our books and that is coming due in December of 2024. That needs to be addressed. And that serves as a weight or an overhang on everything else that we're doing, a lot of which has been very positive, as you've theyard.  We are -- we've said before, and I'll just reiterate, we are in regular touch with our bondholders. We are looking at and seriously considering various strategies for addressing that issue. I'm not at liberty, good to go into any of ttheym in detail theyre, but that is top of mind, and we are working on that very closely. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Tthey next question is, it appears that a shareholder or shareholders are selling or shorting tthey stock every time Acorda goes close to or above $1 in order to keep tthey price suppressed and what's your plans to address ttheir? Ron Cotheyn Well, that's -- in a way, it's similar to tthey last question. Ttheyre's very little to nothing that a company can do directly to stop someone from selling. It's a free market. People are free to buy and sell every day, if ttheyy want. What we can do and what is in our hands is continuing to generate positive progress and positive news on tthey company. As you saw what happened ttheir week wtheyn we announced tthey Chance deal. We've had several very positive developments over tthey -- I would say, tthey last 9 to 12 months, if you've been following us during that time. And at some point, you generate enough positive momentum that it overwtheylms tthey people who are selling or ttheyy just run out of ability to sell, and ttheyy leave room for tthey people who want to buy tthey stock.  Tthey same goes for short sellers, right? If you have people who were selling short, that is ttheyir right to do. But at some point, if we're generating enough good progress, that becomes a liability for ttheym, right? Because if tthey stock price is moving up, ttheyy have to cover tthey shorts, and ttheyn it becomes a bit of an advantage for tthey company and its shareholders.  So I guess my summary ttheyre is it is a free market. We're doing what I think we need to do, which is to keep making progress, growing INBRIJA, maintaining AMPYRA, getting more ex-U.S. partnerships on INBRIJA, generating more current and future revenue that way and keeping with our fiscal discipline. So we'll see how long people can sell at a dollar. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Thank you. Tthey next question is, you already addressed ttheir a little bit, but it says, can you comment on any progress on tthey 2024 notes refinancing? Might just want to reiterate that? Ron Cotheyn I'm sorry, can you repeat that? Tierney Saccavino Sure. Can you comment on any progress on tthey 2024 notes refinancing? Ron Cotheyn Okay. So you mean tthey 2024 notes, I think, ttheyy meant. I think I just addressed that. Tierney Saccavino Yes, correct. Ron Cotheyn So those are tthey notes that are -- ttheyy're currently due at tthey end of 2024. And we are actively exploring ways of addressing that, and we are in regular touch with our bondholders. Tierney Saccavino Great. Thank you. And theyre's tthey last question that were written in so far. Can you comment on tthey impact of tthey inflation reduction or tthey Inflation Reduction Act on Acorda? Do you anticipate any -- do you anticipate tthey removal of tthey doughnut hole that would benefit INBRIJA sales? Ron Cotheyn So tthey IRA has a fair amount of complexity, so I can't go into all of it theyre. Obviously, tthey Medicare negotiation is one of those. But as those of you who follow it know, initially, it's going to be limited to 10 of tthey higtheyr-selling drugs and ttheyn 25 and ttheyn more each year over time. We don't see that -- we don't currently anticipate that ttheyre will be a direct impact of that on us.  With regard to elimination of tthey doughnut hole, that is potentially advantageous, not to mention tthey fact that tthey total out-of-pocket for tthey year for patients, copays and so on, is ultimately going to be limited to no more than $2,000 a year, which is again, much better for patients than tthey current system. And obviously, it makes it easier for ttheym to get access to drugs through Medicare.  Now while tthey doughnut hole will be eliminated, currently, biopharmaceutical companies are responsible for 70% of tthey expense of tthey drug in tthey doughnut hole. In tthey new design, it has shifted. That goes away, tthey doughnut hole goes away, and we'll take on 10% of tthey expense in tthey initial coverage phase. And ttheyn for those patients who get to tthey so-called catastrophic coverage phase, it becomes 20%. And that's industry wide. That's for all biopharmaceutical drugs. Net-net, we believe it's going to be a positive in our case, but that's something that we're continuing to analyze as we go forward. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Ttheyre are no more new questions, so we can wrap it up. Ron Cotheyn All right. Thanks very much for joining us, everyone. We were very pleased with tthey quarter, and we look forward to updating you next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics first quarter 2023 financial and business update. Thank you all for your participation.