ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - VP Mark Fogel - President and CEO Dave Bryant - CFO Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2022 ACRES Commercial Royalty Corp. Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. I would like to highlight that we have posted tthey fourth quarter earnings presentation to our website. Ttheir presentation contains summary and detailed information about tthey quarterly and year end results of tthey company. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K, and in particular, tthey risk factors section of its Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, ACRES' CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of our loan originations, real estate investments, and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio, while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition, book value, and operating results for tthey fourth quarter. Of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Tthey ACRES team continues to execute on our business plan by selectively originating high-quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio, and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for our shareholders. We originated one $18 million new multifamily loan commitment in tthey fourth quarter. Loan payoffs during tthey period were $114.6 million and net funded commitments during tthey quarter were $22 million, producing a net decrease to tthey portfolio of $74.6 million. Tthey newly originated loan pays coupon interest at one-month SOFR plus a weighted average spread of 4.8%. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans and our $2.1 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio increased to 3.78% over tthey one-month benchmark rates. We expect to maintain an investment portfolio of $2 billion to $2.3 billion through 2023. Finally, a few comments on balance ttheyyet items as we know ttheir topic is top of mind for many investors given tthey recent market volatility and base rate increases. During tthey quarter, tthey company finalized terms with MassMutual under its non-mark-to-market agreement to upsize tthey commitment to provide for individual loan series, which will each have five-year term for tthey date -- from tthey date of issuance. Tthey company as well has lines open with JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley with performing collateral on each. In addition, we have had tthey reinvestment window available on our two ACR securitizations through May 2023 and December 2023. Tthey bulk of tthey company's current portfolio was originated in 2021 and 2022, comprising 84% of tthey current par balance and have initial maturities of 2024 or later and extended maturities of 2026 or later. Tthey portfolio generally continues to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and proactive asset management. We ended tthey quarter with $2.1 billion of commercial real estate loans across 82 individual investments. As of December 31st, 2022, ttheyre were five watch-list loans, including three delinquent loans representing 5.4% of tthey portfolio. Ttheir represents a decrease from December 31st, 2021, at which ttheyre were 11 watch-list loans, representing 8.1% of tthey portfolio. In January 2023, one watch-list loan on a hotel portfolio in tthey Southwest region with a par value of $56.5 million was paid off in full, which reduced tthey value of our watch-list loans in half as compared to year-end 2022. We had one specific credit event during tthey quarter. We reserved 100% against tthey remaining mezzanine loan from our acquisition of tthey company in 2020. Tthey mezzanine loan has a par value of $4.7 million and tthey underlying collateral is an office property in tthey Norttheyast region. As ACRES does not originate mezzanine loans, you should not expect to see investments in ttheir part of tthey capital structure again. We continue to hold four investments in real estate that we expect to monetize at gains in tthey future. Ttheyse anticipated gains will be offset by tthey existing NOL carryforwards with equity retained and reinvested into tthey loan portfolio. In February 2023, we sold one hotel asset located in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania, with a basis of approximately $14 million that we received through a foreclosure in July 2022. We expect to record a modest gain on tthey sale in tthey first quarter of 2023. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate, along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile, and tthey prospects for new originations and capital appreciation going forward. We will now have ACR's CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss tthey financial statements and operating results during tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Dave Bryant Thank you, Mark and good afternoon. GAAP net loss applicable to common shares in tthey fourth quarter was $7.4 million or $0.87 per share. Our guidance was for between $0.10 and $0.20 per share of GAAP net income for tthey year, and we ended 2022 with a $1 net loss, which was largely a result of tthey $1.28 per share of CECL reserves recorded in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey company recorded a fourth quarter increase in CECL reserves of $11 million. Tthey increase includes $6.5 million attributable primarily to a decline in tthey macroeconomic outlook and a specific provision to fully reserve tthey previously mentioned mezzanine loan with a par value of $4.7 million. Tthey total allowance for credit losses at December 31st was $18.8 million, which represents 0.91% or 91 basis points of tthey $2.1 billion loan portfolio at par. Earnings available for distribution or EAD for tthey fourth quarter were $0.60 per share. GAAP book value per share decreased to $24.54 on December 31st from $25.08 on September 30th. Available liquidity at December 31st, 2022, was approximately $118 million, which comprised approximately $66 million of unrestricted cash, $14 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets, and $38 million of re-investable cash available in CRE securitizations. Our GAAP debt to equity leverage ratio decreased marginally to 4.2 times on December 31st from 4.3 times on September 30th. Our recourse debt leverage ratio also decreased marginally to 1.4 times on December 31st from 1.5 times on September 30th. Tthey decreases to tthey leverage and recourse debt leverage ratios were primarily due to decreased borrowings on our bank term facilities as a result of net loan payoffs during tthey period. Turning to results from tthey company's real estate investments. Net loss from real estate investments remained relatively flat at $369,000 in tthey fourth quarter. Included in tthey fourth quarter property operating loss was approximately $811,000 of noncash depreciation and amortization. Focusing on G&A, tthey fourth quarter expense of $2.6 million versus third quarter of $2.1 million reflects tthey seasonality for quarterly G&A, primarily due to tthey incurrence of tthey year end audit expense. Regarding share repurchases, during tthey fourth quarter, tthey company used $934,000 of tthey share repurchase plan to redeem 98,000 shares at an approximate 61% discount to book value per share on December 31st. Ttheyre is approximately $7.2 million remaining on tthey Board-approved program at year end. With net loan growth of $190 million in calendar year 2022, we expect to have net income and for our earnings available for distribution to remain positive and steadily grow in 2023. Of note, we expect to see a reduction in EAD during tthey first quarter of 2023, driven primarily by tthey seasonality in G&A expenses and hotel operations, along with anticipated net loan payoff activity. We currently project that tthey company will produce GAAP income in a range of $1.25 to $1.75 per share and EAD in a range of $1.75 to $2.25 per share for tthey calendar year 2023. Our projection remains subject to benchmark rate volatility, loan payoff volume, CECL reserve adjustments and ottheyr nonrecurring or unexpected items that may arise during tthey year. Now, I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Dave. As we close tthey fourth quarter on a productive year at ACRES, we want to recognize tthey entire extended team and say thank you to everyone that works to deliver ttheyse results. We also want to recognize our shareholders for trusting us to execute on our strategy. We remain committed and available at any time for questions and requests for information. As I've said previously, we are mindful of tthey changes in tthey rate market and corresponding volatility in asset prices has created a theyightened sense of anxiety. As you've theyard from our CEO, Mark, and CFO, Dave, tthey company is performing well, has a strong portfolio, ample liquidity, and is managed by a team of professionals, who have been through several cycles during ttheyir careers. We remain vigilant in our mission to deliver shareholders' value over tthey long term. We do ttheir by investing in and managing high-quality assets that will produce stable and growing book value for our shareholders. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks and I'll now turn tthey call back to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question will be from Steptheyn Laws from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good afternoon. I guess first off, congratulations on tthey nice quarter. I know GAAP was impacted by CECL, but net interest income looks really solid on what smaller portfolio than I was looking for and a solid distributable earnings number. So, a nice close to tthey year. Having said that, can you talk about, Mark, a little bit about your near-term appetite investments versus repayments, repayments outstripped new originations or outpaced a little bit in Q4? How are you thinking about that in tthey first half of tthey year? Should we expect tthey portfolio size kind of flat, net down, net up, as we look out over tthey next couple of quarters? Mark Fogel Hey Steve, thanks for tthey comments. We expect through tthey -- at least tthey first half of ttheir year, probably throughout tthey year to remain relatively flat with respect to net production. Steptheyn Laws Wtheyn you're looking at tthey turnover ttheyre, I know you talked about ttheyre's not a lot of turnover, but with tthey replenishment, kind of wtheyre are you putting new assets spreads today versus things you're seeing paying off? Mark Fogel So, for tthey most part, you're seeing loans paying off that are probably spreads of 3.5% to 4.5%. Today, we're putting spreads on tthey books that are between 4.5% and 5.5%. Steptheyn Laws Okay. So, a little bit of pick up ttheyre on tthey turnover? Mark Fogel Little bit. Steptheyn Laws And I wanted to touch base, maybe a clarification first. I think on tthey real estate page in tthey deck, tthey footnote mentions an asset that was sold subsequent to year end. Is that tthey same one you referenced in your prepared remarks that's going to lead to a small, I guess, gain in Q1? Mark Fogel That's correct, it was a small limited service hotel in Pennsylvania. Steptheyn Laws Great. Just wanted to make sure it was tthey same asset. Great. Appreciate tthey comments. Thank you. Mark Fogel Thanks Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steven Delaney Hello, Mark, Dave, and Andrew. Nice to be with you ttheir evening. You mentioned tthey CECL reserve at $18.8 million at year end. and I jotted down a figure of $6.5 million. Was that intended to be tthey specific reserve within tthey $18.8 million? Mark Fogel Go atheyad, Dave. Dave Bryant Yes. Sorry, Mark. So, Steve, tthey $11 million was tthey period expense and reserve. $6.5 million of that was general reserve, primarily caused by a worsened macroeconomic outlook. Steven Delaney -- was general, right. Okay. Dave Bryant Tthey ottheyr $4.5 million got tthey mezzanine loan to a full reserve of $4.7 million. So, I previously had a couple of hundred thousand done through tthey CECL model, but now that we are evaluating that loan specifically, we added $4.5 million to it and got it to tthey full reserve of $4.7 million. Steven Delaney Got it. So, as of -- now that that has gone, are ttheyre any more specific reserves on your books as we sit theyre today? Dave Bryant None as we sit theyre today. Steven Delaney Excellent. Okay. Your guidance-- Dave Bryant That was tthey only mezzanine loan we had on our books. Steven Delaney Understood. You've got that. So, everything is first speed now. Got that. So, thank you for tthey guidance for tthey full year. In tthey EAD, which is actually higtheyr than your GAAP. GAAP, I guess, is certainly going to reflect any additional CECL reserves that you have to put up. Within your EAD, are you trying to build in any expectation for realized losses that might occur in tthey year, which would ttheyn reduce EAD? Dave Bryant Ttheyre may be a small amount of that, Steve. It's not a particularly meaningful number. I would say that tthey biggest assumption in that guidance is that we expect -- we're keeping tthey CECL reserve at that 91 basis point level that we ended tthey year at. Of course, that could change during 2023, but we don't know enough now to meaningfully or accurately predict what that might be. Steven Delaney I understand. So, tthey consensus you've got is with tthey 91 basis point CECL reserve will be sort of a constant within that is what I'm theyaring you say, David. Dave Bryant Correct. Steven Delaney Okay, great. Okay. And just stepping back, 1 kind of big picture thing. We are in a different market today than we were maybe six months ago in terms of commercial real estate, certainly 12 months ago. Tthey capital loss carryforward you have, just speaking with several of you over tthey last year or so, tthey thought is that it probably is hard real estate that is tthey asset class that will generate potential capital gains. I'm curious in ttheir less certain market, how proactive you may be and what you're seeing in attractively valued commercial real estate properties that you might decide to invest in, in order to hopefully utilize your capital loss carryforward? Thanks. Mark Fogel Steve, thanks for tthey question. I wouldn't expect us to be too active in going after additional equity investments. I think what we have for now is what we'll stick with for tthey remainder of tthey year at least. Our business is making commercial mortgage loans and not really making equity investments. So, I would think that if ttheyre is distressed opportunities out ttheyre, it's probably not something that we're going to be going after. Steven Delaney Got it. Well, thank you for tthey comments. Mark Fogel Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mark Fogel for any closing remarks. Mark Fogel Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We appreciate everybody's support, and we look forward to speaking again in tthey first quarter of 2023 and hopefully, having some robust earnings to discuss. Talk soon. Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.