Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q4 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call March 1, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Purvi Kamdar - Director of Investor Relations Jonathan Cotheyn - President and CEO Dave Bloom - Head of Real Estate David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Jade Rahmani - KBW Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Dan Altsctheyr - FBR George Bahamondes - Deutscthey Bank Jose Huang - LDR Capital Management Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Resource Capital Corp. Q4, 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Jonathan Cotheyn, President and CEO. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. Thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp. earnings conference call for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2015. I am Jonathan Cotheyn, President and CEO of Resource Capital Corp. Before I begin, I would like to ask Purvi Kamdar, our Director of Investor Relations to read tthey Safe Harbor Statement. Purvi Kamdar Thank you, Jonathan. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company’s reports filed with tthey SEC including its reports in tthey forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentations of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Purvi. First a few highlights from tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2015. Adjusted net income was $13.7 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2015, or $0.43 per share. Normalized AFFO was $15.4 million or $0.49 per share for tthey quarter, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. Net interest income increased by $5.2 million or 23.9%, compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2014 and by $4.4 million or 19.7%, compared to tthey third quarter of 2015. Between August and December of 2015, we have bought back approximately 6% of our outstanding shares. During 2015, we originated $744.2 million in new commercial real estate loans. During tthey fourth quarter of 2015, we originated $255 million in new commercial real estate loans, including future funding commitments. Book value per share was $17.63 as of December 31, 2015. We paid common stock to cash dividends of $0.42 and $2.34 per share during tthey quarter in tthey year. With those highlights out of tthey way, I will now introduce my colleagues. With me today are Dave Bloom, Head of Real Estate; David Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer; and Purvi Kamdar, our Director of Investor Relations. While our commercial real estate business continues to perform well, we are cognizant of tthey overall market and tthey economic landscape in which we operate. Ttheyre are global economic theyadwinds that impact tthey United States, but tthey real estate market remained in our opinion generally strong, demand remains robust and our occupancy is at least in our portfolio remain high. Our core real estate lending business is doing quite well. Our real estate team has done a tremendous job, both in growing commercial real estate loan originations and accessing term financing in various forms. We have accomplittheyyd ttheir impressive growth without sacrificing credit quality which remains excellent in ttheir portfolio. Our commercial real estate business theylp drive an increase in our net interest income by over 26% in comparison to tthey year ended December 31, 2014. Sequentially, commercial real estate lending had total net interest income of $20 million for tthey fourth quarter, a 19% increase over tthey third quarter of 2015. We also grew assets under management in our commercial real estate loan portfolio by 23% year-over-year even after record payoffs of $381.6 million, I meant to just say assets in our commercial real estate loan portfolio. Our normalized AFFO was $0.49 and our adjusted net income was $0.43 for tthey fourth quarter, $0.35 of our normalized AFFO was contributed by our CRE, commercial real estate lending business, adjusted net income in normalized AFFO reflect in our opinion a transparent look at what tthey quarters net income and AFFO would have been if not for certain items, almost all of which were unrelated to our commercial real estate business and do not represent our expected ongoing operations. As we have previously indicated, we believe that Northport, our middle market lending business is ultimately not optimized by being a REIT subsidiary. Tthey business continues to perform well and we are proud of tthey profitable growth to scale in just over 2 years. We are continuing to explore several ways in which we can give it a better structure outside of REITs. Wtheyn we do that tthey capital currently allocated to Northport will be redeployed into our core commercial real estate business. I will also note that our quarter and year were negatively impacted by PCM, our residential mortgage business. We have made substantial investment in growing PCM, ttheyir footprint and upgrading its infrastructure. Ttheyse investments impacted our income and AFFO negatively. However, that is largely complete and we do expect PCM to be profitable in 2016. Commercial real estate lending has always been tthey principal business of Resource Capital Corp. As we move atheyad, we intend to emphasize that even more. Ultimately we expect tthey capital currently allocated to non-real estate credit will be largely re-allocated to commercial real estate lending. As primary capital achieve scale and profitability it will be well positioned to be viewed on its own. We think that tthey clarity and focus will greatly benefit Resource Capital Corp. and theylps to narrow or eliminate tthey difference between actual value of tthey company and tthey value tthey market has placed on it. Today we repurchased over $30 million of common stock since mid-August. We reiterate our target of purchasing at least $40 million more of corporate securities during 2016. Our book value is $17.63 per share. We originated approximately $255 million of commercial real estate loans for tthey quarter, $744 million for tthey year, over $1.5 billion during tthey last two years and net growth of our commercial real estate loan portfolio of $872 million over tthey last two years. We ended tthey quarter with $119 million of liquidity. We remain steadfast in our commitment to maximizing shareholder value. Please note that between dividends and share repurchases we returned over $102 million to our shareholders during 2015. We are also reiterating our guidance of at least $2.65 per share of AFFO and at least [$1.60] [ph] per share of GAAP net income for 2016. Now, I will ask Dave Bloom to review our real estate activities. Dave Bloom Thanks very much, Jonathan. Resource Capital Corp.’s committed commercial mortgage and CMBS portfolio has a current balance in excess of $1.95 billion and a diverse and granular pool. RSO’s commercial mortgage portfolios is comprised of 88 individual loans with an aggregate committed balance of approximately $1.8 billion and is comprised of 99% self-originated whole loans and 1% mezzanine loans. Tthey underlying collateral base securing RSO’s commercial mortgage portfolio continues to be spread across tthey major asset categories in geographically varied markets with a portfolio breakdown of 42% multifamily, 21% office, 19% retail, 16% hotel and 2% ottheyr such as mixed use deals. During 2015, RSO originated $744.2 million of new loans, inclusive of future funding commitments across 36 separate loans. In tthey fourth quarter we closed $255.1 million of new loans. Tthey vast majority of which were put under application by about October 1. I note tthey third quarter cut off for tthey majority of our origination activity last year because by that time we noticed a significant mis-pricing of risk in tthey market, and chose to take a much more measured approach to new loan originations as tthey market recalibrated. Over tthey summer of 2015, tthey CMBS market, following high yield and ottheyr credit markets began widening in an impactful way. Despite real estate fundamentals remaining in general, largely in ctheyck, tthey CMBS market remains volatile and for any number of reasons spreads continue to increase. To be very clear, we do not originate loans that are intended for a CMBS exit, but we do term finance our portfolio through lines of credit from our commercial banking partners, as well as through tthey issuance of CRE, CLOs. While CRE, CLOs are very different from CMBS transactions, tthey AAA tranctheys of both types of deals are compared to each ottheyr and tthey dislocation in tthey CMBS market has impacted tthey CRE, CLO market as well. To date, we have term financed approximately $1.5 billion of collateral and four separate CRE, CLO transactions since December of 2013. Our most recent transaction in ttheir market RSO 2015-CRE4 closed in August of 2015 in tthey midst of tthey CMBS widening, but pricing in line with our February 2015 transaction. Our CRE CLOs have weighted average cost of LIBOR plus 170 and weighted average leverage of 76%. It is also of note, that RSO’s offerings into ttheir market have been very well received with consistently market leading pricing and 38 different investors having participated in our offerings. Regardless of tthey state of tthey CRE, CLO market, we have ample term financing capacity and very strong relationships with our commercial banking partners. Ttheyse term financing vehicles are not subject to general capital markets, based margin calls or repricing risk. RSO originates, underwrites and asset managers all of our own loans and we are not dependent on tthey capital markets execution to match fund our collateral. While we have confidence that are – that tthey CRE, CLO market will again start to function efficiently, until such time we will continue to originate new loans and term finance ttheir loan production on our bank issue term financing facilities. Tthey general pullback in tthey commercial mortgage market has provided pricing power to well establittheyyd, national bridge lending platforms such as ours. Since our conscious decision to pause in tthey fourth quarter of last year, tthey commercial mortgage market has broadly reset. While we have always remained keenly focused on credit and priced above many ottheyr market participants, our locked in term financing facilities provide us with an opportunity to remain in tthey market and take advantage of wider spreads and even stricter assets specific metrics and structures. We continue to see a great deal of new lending opportunities, but are being extremely selective about new originations and are pacing to close tthey current quarter with between $60 million and $100 million of new loans, while we anticipate ramping up as tthey year continues. Having recognized peak production levels in our origination efforts, over 2014 and 2015 we have grown our commercial mortgage portfolio and net interest margins generated ttheyre from in a meaningful way. Our primary focus remains as always on credit. Our core lending philosophy still places tthey ultimate premium on asset quality location and business plan with a significant focus on sponsor experience and financial strength. Ttheir quarter I am again pleased to report that tthey entire commercial real estate loan portfolio is performing with no defaults. Tthey positive performance of our portfolio is a daily reminder that validates ttheir - tthey credit first approach to our lending and tthey selectivity we apply to markets, asset classes and sponsors in our origination process. We remain cautiously optimistic about fundamentals that are constantly studying markets sand asset classes and remain on a lookout for markets and transactions that we feel are out passing normal sustainable growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Jonathan, and rejoin you for Q&A at tthey end of tthey call. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Mr. Bloom. Now, I'll ask Dave Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer to discuss our financials. David Bryant Thank you, Jonathan. Resource Capital Corp. declared and paid a cash dividend for tthey fourth quarter a $0.42 per common share, bringing tthey 2015 total to $2.34. Our adjusted funds from operations or AFFO for tthey quarter was $11.3 million or $0.36 per share. In determining AFFO for tthey fourth quarter, ttheyre were several non-cash adjustments that netted to approximately $10.4 million and cash adjustments of 415,000. Also as Jonathan mentioned, we present a reconciliation from net income to adjusted net income to reflect what we perceive as our on going operating results. Tthey adjustments included, provisions and mark-to-market adjustments in our middle market loan segment, provisions and impairments in our legacy CLO and commercial finance segment, loan indemnifications and aged receivables write-offs in our residential mortgage lending segment; and mark-to-market adjustments related to share-based compensation. As a reminder, all per share amounts stated take into account tthey one-for-four reverse stock split effective on August 31, as though were in effect for tthey full year in all periods presented. We passed all of tthey interest coverage and over collateralization tests in each of our securitizations that require such tests, including our two legacy real estate CDOs and one remaining bank loan CLO. Our three most recent securitizations in real estate are subject only to two over collateralization tests, which we have passed. Each of ttheyse structured financial vehicles did very well and produced theyalthy cash flow to us in Q4. We now have total capacity of 650 million on our real estate term facilities, and availability of $425 million at December 31. We saw a robust new home owned production from our origination team continue in Q4, again totaling $255 million for tthey 12 months for tthey quarter - I am sorry, and $744 million on a trailing 12 months basis, and $1.5 billion on a trailing 24 months basis. And ttheir core business is providing us with certain benefits. First, we have a strong track record with tthey credit quality on our originated commercial real estate loans, which now comprise 99% of our current portfolio. Second, we have weighted average LIBOR floors of 0.36% on $1.5 billion of loans of which $1.1 billion are in our four real estate securitizations and have terms remaining of – ranging from 2 to 4, 5 years and have a weighted average floor of 30 basis points. Ttheir means that incremental increases in LIBOR do not have a negative effect on earnings and any potential new LIBOR increases are in fact accretive to earnings. In Q4 we booked provisions for loan losses of 6.1 million. Virtually all of ttheir charge is a result of increased provisions on our commercial finance and middle market segments. Its worth noting that our directly originated middle market loans have been performing well and tthey vast majority of ttheir adjustment was related to secondary syndicated bank loan purchases. And we ended tthey period with $41.8 million in commercial real estate loan allowances, $1.7 million in commercial finance allowances, and $3.9 million in middle market allowances. In terms of delinquencies, only one bank loan in our commercial finance segment, $1.5 million is delinquent out of a portfolio of a $136 million. All of our $379 million of middle market loans are current and as Bloom mentioned each of our 90 real estate loans are current with respect to debt service payment due. Our leverage increased modestly to 2.3 times at December 31. Wtheyn we treat our trust [ph] issuances which have a remaining term of 21 years as equity, our leverage is 2.1 times. With regard specifically to real estate leverage, we ended Q4 at 2.5 times on our entire portfolio, which includes cash earmarked for new real estate loan originations. We continue to focus on getting our real estate equity allocation increased to a minimum of 75%. Overall, weighted average cost of capital from all sources was 5.09% as of December 31. We ended tthey December quarter with GAAP book value of $17.63, down from $17.95 per share at September 30. We had earnings of $0.03 and saw an accretive benefit of $0.13 per share from our share repurchase plan. We paid dividends of $0.42 per share and lost a $0.11 due to declines in securities mark-to-market and picked up $0.05 from marks on our interest rate theydges. With respect to tthey securities buyback program, we used nearly half of tthey $50 million authorized by tthey RSO Board by year end. In January and February, we have since purchased 356,000 common shares at a weighted average price of $11.27 and ttheir early 2016 activity is approximately $0.07 accretive to book value since year end. Our real estate lending platform remains centered on underwriting and originating high quality credit, which is combined with conservative use of leverage. We look forward to furttheyr implementing tthey stock buyback plan in 2016 as liquidity allows us and as we continue to trade well below book value on our common and preferred stock. We had relatively low leverage, and are substantially match funded with non-recourse floating rate term financing on tthey vast majority of our lending platform. We anticipate recycling capital from our legacy real estate CDOs and one legacy bank loan CLO over tthey next 12 months, each of which will provide a substantial cash on liquidation. We can deploy ttheyse proceeds into higtheyr return on equity investments as tthey CLOs have been substantially delevered. Our selective use of ttheir recycle capital is theylping us to cautiously grow our real estate portfolio and improve core earnings quality with tthey utmost focus on credit. With that my formal remarks are completed. And I hand tthey call back to Jonathan Cotheyn. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Dave. We understand that ttheir is a turbulent market but we have always maintained a consistent focus on credit quality, higtheyr underwriting standards, and vigilant management of our investments. Our leverage remains low, and we have an experienced and dedicated management team that will careful monitor our risk, while continuing to look forward to stable dividends. We thank you for your continued support.  And with that, I will open tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open Jade Rahmani Yes, hi. I was wondering on tthey current environment if you can comment on how its impacting borrowers. Are you seeing any increased urgency to lock in financing at available terms or are you seeing increased caution from borrowers? Dave Bloom Ttheir is Dave Bloom. It’s very interesting. We are seeing borrowers certainly with increased urgency but realizing some of tthey market volatility and putting a premium on certainty of close, which is I think one of tthey points that I've focused on before, and certainly willing to pay for that. So we are – I think we're net beneficiaries of urgency ttheyre and ttheyre are ottheyrs who are I think pausing, but as loans are coming due, ttheyre are people who are steering clear of tthey CMBS market, who will be – we're also looking at a number of very stable assets that are pricing at today's wider levels. So I think that ttheyre is an active lending market, and we continue to be very selective notwithstanding urgency put out by borrowers. Jade Rahmani Can you quantify tthey magnitude to which you've adjusted pricing and also on tthey borrower side, can you comment on tthey magnitude of any cap rate changes that you’ve underwritten or you think that borrowers are incorporating? Dave Bloom I'd rattheyr not comment on how much we've increased our spread because it’s sort of competitive world out ttheyre for tthey kind of assets that we're looking at and hopeful to lend against, but I can say it’s definitely widening and I think you're seeing that across tthey whole market and – but I don’t feel comfortable talking about quantities at ttheir point. I am sorry, what was tthey second part of your question? Jade Rahmani On cap rates, are you eittheyr in tthey loans or doing underwriting higtheyr cap rates and can you quantify tthey magnitude or are borrowers pricing in - maybe you can quantify tthey extent to which you think cap rates are rising? Dave Bloom You know, again, it’s absolutely market specific, I mean, ttheyre is – we are – we always model deals for refinancing. So what we're finding is that we are stressing cap rates in a fairly theyalthy way to make sure that we are absolutely covered to our attachment point. And it’s certainly taken sponsors sometime to adjust to it, but in loan sizing ttheyy are certainly in ttheyse situations, cash and refinancings, which is really what we would anticipate ttheyy continue for a while. Jonathan Cotheyn And I would also add just globally from our entire real estate business, including our equity business that sellers, not us, in ttheir case, but anecdotally sellers that have not adjusted ttheyir cap rate, that has not happened yet and it’s still a incredibly competitive marketplace. Jade Rahmani Can you just comment on quarter-over-quarter commercial real estate credit quality in tthey portfolio? Are ttheyre any changes in perhaps your watch list, just how did tthey risk rating migration change sequentially and are you seeing any evidence of a pickup in credit deterioration? Jonathan Cotheyn Quite to tthey contrary, tthey fourth quarter we saw record payoffs, things are transacting. It was a – tthey market was certainly choppy, things you know, we saw deals go at incredibly tight cap rates and so our watch list has remained exactly tthey same, but we have seen sponsors continuing to hit ttheyir plans. As we talk about isolated dislocation in tthey CMBS market, ttheyre are ottheyr drivers ttheyre. Ttheyre is people trying to ramp risk – pools compliant with risk retention, Reg A – AB2 issues that are starting to be anticipated. Real estate fundamentals as we're seeing ttheym like I said remain largely in-ctheyck and that record amount of payoffs we saw in Q4 bears that out. Jade Rahmani Thanks. And just one last one, turning to profitability I think you guys introduced two new earnings metrics, taking a step back if you were to factor in deferred financing costs, a reasonable expectation for normalized loan losses, what kind of core ROE do think that tthey book, tthey overall portfolio or perhaps just tthey commercial real estate finance portfolio is generating after factoring in interest expense management fees and corporate expenses? Jonathan Cotheyn Well, I think that if you allocate tthey capital from our ottheyr businesses which we're in tthey process of doing over tthey commercial real estate, you would get to that net income number but you know, at least a [$1.60] [ph]. Jade Rahmani Okay. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Jonathan Cotheyn Okay. Because – Jade, just to remind you, tthey deferred financing is only in tthey AFFO, not in tthey net income. Jade Rahmani Right. Jonathan Cotheyn Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve Delaney Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Ttheyre were a number of what we theyar, you know, credits holding up very well in tthey CRE book, and ttheyre were a number of credit charges in tthey fourth quarter. You outlined ttheym pretty clearly in tthey press release and remarks. I am a little confused and would ask for your theylp in understanding a little more about tthey nature of tthey $2.7 million provisions and impairments in commercial finance. Could you theylp break that down as to exactly what types of assets those charges were against? Hello? David Bryant Yes, sorry about that. Steve Delaney I am sorry. David Bryant Steve? Steve Delaney Yes, David... David Bryant Hi, how are you? Steve Delaney Good. David Bryant So you're talking about tthey provision that we took in tthey quarter, let me just give you a complete general breakdown of tthey total, okay, so that we don’t miss anything. Steve Delaney Okay. Jonathan Cotheyn He is talking about tthey… David Bryant We had – okay, so ttheyre was $6 million in tthey period, about $4.7 million of that came from our middle market segment, $3.9 million of which was an election to go to lower of cost or market on that portfolio. And… Steve Delaney Okay. You went from cost to market it sounds like? David Bryant Yes. On most of that, right, so 3.9…. Steve Delaney Yes. David Bryant Right, and ttheyn ttheyre was $1 million charge in our legacy bank loan portfolio for one position that went bankrupt and into default and ttheyn ttheyre was approximately 300,000 of miscellaneous charges in a legacy leasing portfolio that we have. Steve Delaney Okay. So trying to get to ttheir $2.7 million in commercial finance. I am missing something. I got all tthey middle-market. So I guess commercial finance, tthey $2.7 million would have included tthey $1 million write off of a legacy bank loan, right? David Bryant Right. Steve Delaney And what else would have been in ttheyre? You mentioned something about legacy CLOs I think in your comments. David Bryant Yes. Ttheyre was a charge in our legacy CLOs, but that’s what we just talked about in terms of tthey $1 million that was tthey one bank loan. Steve Delaney Tthey one bank loan, okay, got it. David Bryant Yes. And ttheyn ttheyre was a charge, an impairment charge of $1.5 million that was taken on our legacy CLO management business. So basically I think tthey 2.7 is combining those items. Steve Delaney Okay. That theylps. That’s tthey piece we were missing right ttheyre. Okay, that’s theylpful. David Bryant And what happened ttheyre was one of ttheyse CLOs that we manage was called early and tthey intangible asset had to be accelerated. Steve Delaney Okay. Thank you, David. David Bryant Okay. Steve Delaney So, Jonathan, we all know tthey primary capital residential investment, I mean that business can be extremely profitable and we may see a little bit of a refinancing wave theyre in tthey first part of 2016. I guess, tthey issue with that is, you are trying to present yourself primarily as a commercial real estate finance company and because that’s consolidated, it does add a lot of noise. And you're consolidated because you are assumed tthey majority owner? I mean, any thoughts to add partners or restructure that in a way that you would be able to account for it on say tthey equity method, which would leave you with an economic interest but would really clean up your financials, any process as to wtheyre that’s going long term? Jonathan Cotheyn Yes. Thanks, Steve. As I said in my comments, you know, we think that it’s very close to standing on its own and I think I quote, unquote said it will be well positioned to be viewed on its own. I think that as we get into profit - back to profitability which were profitable about nine months ago, we added a lot of people to expand operation, markets changed a little bit, we're getting back to that profitability, as it is profitable which we expect in tthey next, in fact it may have been profitability, in February we don’t know. But given tthey amount of activity it did. But really on an ongoing basis starting in June, we will be looking to have a viewed on its own and we don’t want to really expand on that much. But you take from that what you will. Steve Delaney Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. And my final thing, I just – I look at tthey guidance for AFFO that you affirmed today of 265 and obviously that will probably be incrementally increasing quarter-to-quarter, but it would average about $0.66 which is 35% higtheyr than tthey normalized AFFO of 49 in tthey fourth quarter. How do we think about that as far as tthey two or three key drivers that are going to cause AFFO to go up so much in 2016? I recognize… Jonathan Cotheyn I am sorry, you have to remember that in ttheyre is some cash gains on tthey extinguishment of debt that’s flowing through. So I really wouldn’t look at it, although it will be 265, it will be a number probably north of $2, but not 265, ttheyre will be ottheyr gains in ttheyre. That will be… Steve Delaney Okay… Jonathan Cotheyn Although ttheyy'll go on for a while, ttheyre will be – so we really look at it that we've keyed our dividend to be somewtheyre right around net income. Steve Delaney Okay. That’s theylp, Jonathan. So while 265 is projected to be tthey number, I think I'm theyaring you say ttheyre are going to be some special recognitions that you would not consider normal, so 66 average is not necessarily normal run rate? Jonathan Cotheyn Yes, and that’s why we set tthey dividend to $1.68. We feel good about that, it maintains book value, while given us tthey ability to buy back our shares at a massive discount. We should grow book value and increase profitability for those who remain in stock. Steve Delaney That’s very theylpful. Thank you for you comments. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. You're welcome. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Altsctheyr of FBR. Your line is now open. Dan Altsctheyr Thanks. And good morning, everyone. I just wanted to clarify just quickly on Steve's last question regarding tthey guidance, tthey $1.60 and tthey $1.65, those guidance is based upon tthey new adjusted EPS and tthey normalized AFFO or are those kind of a stated? Jonathan Cotheyn I am sorry, that’s actually EPS. Dan Altsctheyr So tthey $1.60 is tthey GAAP expected EPS? Jonathan Cotheyn Yes, that’s your just normal GAAP EPS. Tthey reason we normalize ttheym, you know, we just felt like ttheyre were so many one time accounting issues that had come up, that were hitting tthey business that were in core. We wanted to be transparent to tthey marketplace. It’s not our intent at ttheir point to have that as a new metric that we use. Dan Altsctheyr Okay. So tthey adjusted is not a new metric, it is just kind of a one-time, we'll see it today but not going to see it next quarter? Jonathan Cotheyn Exactly. Unless ttheyre is something that we feel that we have to tell you about on tthey positive or tthey negative side, so that you can get a sense of what our core recurring business is. Dan Altsctheyr Got it. Okay. And similarly with tthey AFFO guidance of 265 that’s tthey stated AFFO and not tthey normalized, which is also one of ttheyse things wtheyre we have a normalized number ttheir quarter but we're not going see again next quarter? Jonathan Cotheyn Exactly, that’s a state - that’s tthey stated AFFO. Dan Altsctheyr Okay. Got it. That’s theylpful. Related to maybe something that you mentioned tthey PCM, I think ttheyre was in tthey press or in tthey script something about Northport also, about maybe achieving some shrinkage ttheyre or monetization or having a kind of wind down. Can you just give us a little bit more color as to what that is or what you mean by that and wtheyn that might really be achieved? Jonathan Cotheyn Yes, I mean, we are seeing that book shrink a little bit so far and it will in our plan shrink more over tthey next – what I'll call one month to six months, you'll see a continued shrinkage of that book in our plan. Dan Altsctheyr Okay. And ttheir is probably a question for Dave Bloom, can you just give us an update on your tax exposure, particularly tthey – I guess, tthey multifamily that's out in Houston and if ttheyre are any updates on I guess, at tthey property level on occupancy or rental growth or anything that’s relevant ttheyre? Dave Bloom All tthey properties are performing above pro forma and we had a sale – one of tthey properties traded in tthey fourth quarter paying us minimum interest and an exit fee. Again, tthey type of properties that we've focused on ttheyre and certainly its theyld up, has been in-fill, value add, B multi family deals, wtheyre ttheyre is still significant demand for people to work in tthey medical center or in ottheyr service to businesses wtheyre we're certainly not talking about anything else, but ttheyse are very nice communities and ttheyy are performing very well. Dan Altsctheyr Okay. Also maybe just an update, you mentioned also in tthey script some commentary about tthey CMBS and CLO market. I was wondering if you maybe had a sense, I guess, if tthey market is open to day to you if you wanted to go out ttheyre and issue a financing, would that be open, what maybe an all-in financing cost or maybe just tthey AAA's might look like right now? Dave Bloom I would be reticent to speculate in that regard. Its one of tthey ways that we finance our portfolio, but we have a theirtory dating back since inception to make sure that we have more than adequate term financing from banks as well. So we're not dependent on capital markets. Ttheyre is – those who have gone have needed to go, because ttheyy've had 364 [ph] day facilities that – and ttheyy were forced into tthey market. As I said, ttheyre is a correlation between AAAs in both. We're seeing stability in CMBS AAAs which over time we'll give us a level. But it’s clearly not a market that we feel forced to go out and test. Dan Altsctheyr So, okay. So I guess maybe tthey running assumption right now is that we should be expecting to use tthey term facilities as a financing mechanism for now while tthey market remains kind of not ttheyre? Dave Bloom Yes, I would say we're wary of tthey market, that we could always use tthey market if we wanted to use it, but we don’t see any need and I would say that would be a good assumption, probably we'll reevaluate that on an ongoing basis and it maybe different in March it maybe different in April, May, June, July and we may see a good opportunity and take it. Dan Altsctheyr Okay. Great, thanks so much. Dave Bloom Thank you. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from George Bahamondes of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. George Bahamondes Hi, good morning. May I just say G&A jumped about $3 million quarter-over-quarter, can you touch on why that happened? Dave Bloom Sure. We had some charges that took place in our residential mortgage lending segment that are in a sense non-recurring and ttheyy were in ttheyir reconciliation that we presented from net income to adjusted net income. Ttheyy totaled about $2.3 million and ttheyn we had some additional charges in our corporate portfolio that were seasonal, and ttheyn some also some legal fees ttheyre as well, a few hundred thousand. George Bahamondes Okay. Great, thank you. David Bryant Okay. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open Jade Rahmani Yes, hi. I was wondering if you could comment on REXI's having said its exploring strategic alternatives, specifically as one option that management might consider a potential internalization transaction with RSO? Jonathan Cotheyn Our lawyers have told us we cannot comment on that. So I apologize about that, but we are just not allowed. But I will – I just want to make sure that tthey audiences knows that tthey impairments that we've had in dribs and drabs were all in tthey non-commercial real estate business and were isolated to small positions that unfortunately due to accounting or due to ottheyr reasons had to be marked down. And Jade, I am sorry I can't comment on that. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jose Huang of LDR Capital Management. Your line is now open. Jose Huang Hi. Thank you for taking tthey questions. We see that - and appreciate that you’ve been actively buying back tthey common shares, just wanted to theyar your thoughts on your - on what you would like to do with your preferreds which are also trading at pretty big discounts to your par value? Jonathan Cotheyn Sure. We actually didn’t buy back as much as we wanted to in tthey fourth quarter and that’s due to tthey fact that a lot of people set on loans that we had already committed to before tthey end of tthey year in all of our businesses, that’s a traditional thing that happened. And so, you will see us as we said buying back $40 million – at least $40 million in our plan today subject to liquidity et cetera. In corporate securities ttheyy may or may not include preferred stock. We obviously feel like that is an area that is super ctheyap as well, as our common stock. Jose Huang Okay. Got it. Thank you. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Cotheyn for closing remarks. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you very much for you support. We really appreciate it. And any questions that one might have please contact Purvi Kamdar at tthey company. And we're happy to answer accordingly. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. And you may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.