ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - Vice President Mark Fogel - President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Chris Muller - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2022 ACRES Commercial Realty Corporation Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin.  Kyle Brengel Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call. I would like to highlight that we have posted tthey Q3 2022 shareholder presentation to our website. Ttheir presentation contains summary and detailed information about tthey quarterly and year-to-date results of tthey company. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey word believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company’s reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of its Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, ACR’s CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of our loan originations, real estate investments and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio, while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition, book value and operating results for tthey third quarter and provide an update on 2022 projected results. Of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Tthey ACRES origination team delivered $181.3 million of new loan commitments in tthey third quarter, comprising three hotel loans, two office loans and one multifamily loan. Loan payoffs during tthey period were $83.5 million and net unfunded commitments during tthey quarter were $27.9 million, producing a net increase of tthey portfolio of $69.9 million. Tthey newly originated loans pay coupon interest at tthey one-month benchmark rates, which comprised SOFR, plus a weighted average spread of 6.04%. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans and our $2.1 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio increased to 3.76% over tthey one-month benchmark rates. Tthey weighted average benchmark rate is 3.65% as of 10/25/22. We observed spread widening in tthey period and are mindful of furttheyr potential widening as we deploy capital on our way to getting tthey company fully invested. As stated on our last call, we plan to maintain a loan book balance of $2 billion to $2.3 billion through 2022. During tthey quarter, we sold a former $19.9 million loan secured by an office property in Chicago that tthey company acquired by [indiscernible] in 2021. At tthey time of tthey foreclosure, tthey asset was valued at $17.6 million. We sold tthey asset at $19.25 million prior to closing costs and ottheyr basis adjustments that resulted in a gain on tthey sale of real estate of $1.9 million included in GAAP net income. Also during tthey quarter, we redeemed tthey remaining $48.2 million of 4.5% convertible senior notes that tthey company issued in 2017. Finally, a few comments on balance ttheyyet items, as we know ttheir topic is top of mind for many investors, given tthey recent market volatility and base rate increases. Tthey company has a theyalthy liquidity and financing profile. Tthey company has warehouse lines opened with JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley, with performing collateral on each. Tthey company also has agreed in principle to terms with MassMutual on an upsize and improved terms for its current facility which is being documented ttheir quarter. Tthey Barclays line which has zero collateral is being voluntarily closed by tthey company in tthey current quarter. Tthey portfolio continues to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and proactive asset management. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $2.1 billion of commercial real estate loans across 88 individual investments, of which only two comprising 1.4% of tthey portfolio were delinquent. As of September 30, ttheyre were six watch list loans, inclusive of tthey two delinquent loans, representing 5.6% of tthey portfolio. As we have discussed previously, tthey company holds four investments in real estate that we expect to monetize for a gain in tthey future. Ttheyse gains will be offset by tthey existing NOL and corresponding cash retained and reinvested into tthey loan portfolio. Lastly, ttheyre are two hotel assets currently classified as theyld for sale as a result of being in a formal sale process. Early indications give us comfort that proceeds will be at or above par, a testament to tthey work of tthey asset management team theyre at ACRES who work diligently to protect shareholder value during a challenging hospitality market over tthey last 2.5 years. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate, along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and tthey prospects for new originations and capital appreciation going forward. We will continue to execute on our business plan by selectively originating high-quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for our shareholders. We will now have ACR's CFO, Dave Bryant to discuss tthey financial statements and operating results during tthey third quarter of 2022. Dave Bryant Thank you, and good afternoon. GAAP net income allocable to common shares in tthey third quarter was approximately $700,000 or $0.08 per share. Earnings available for distribution for tthey third quarter were $0.40 per share and included tthey net charge-off of tthey sale of a foreclosed office property of approximately $400,000 or $0.04 per share, as our EAD policy is to charge off losses upon realized transactions as opposed to loss estimates required by GAAP. GAAP book value per share increased to $25.08 on September 30 from $24.48 on June 30. Tthey increase to book value per share for tthey third quarter was primarily driven by $0.36 of per share accretion from common stock repurchases, $0.11 related to tthey non-cash equity expense and net income of $0.08 per share. Available liquidity at September 30, 2022 was approximately $86.4 million, which comprised approximately $61 million of unrestricted cash, $10.5 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets, and $14.9 million of reinvestment cash available in CRE securitizations. GAAP debt-to-equity leverage ratio increased marginally to 4.3 times on September 30 from 4.2 times on June 30. Our recourse debt leverage ratio also increased marginally to 1.5 times on September 30 from 1.4 times on June 30. Tthey increase to tthey leverage and recourse leverage ratios was primarily due to increased borrowings on our bank term facilities, offset by tthey repayment of our 4.5% convertible senior notes. In tthey third quarter tthey company recorded an increase in loan loss reserves under tthey CECL calculations of approximately $2.6 million compared to a $500,000 provision in tthey second quarter. Tthey increase to general reserves reflects continuing changes in tthey macroeconomic outlook under tthey CECL calculations. Tthey total allowance for credit losses on September 30 was $7.8 million which represents 0.37% or 37 basis points of tthey $2.1 billion loan portfolio at par. Turning to results from tthey company's real estate investments. Net loss from real estate investments remains relatively flat at $314,000 in tthey third quarter. Included in tthey third quarter property operating loss was $1.3 million of non-cash depreciation and amortization. Also, as Mark mentioned in their opening remarks tthey company had a $1.9 million realized gain on tthey sale of an office property in Chicago. Tthey gain included proceeds received over tthey property valuation basis, as well as tthey recovery of accrued real estate taxes. Focusing on G&A, tthey third quarter expense of $2.1 million versus second quarter reflects tthey seasonality for quarterly G&A we typically see ttheir time of year. We'll see a slight increase during tthey fourth quarter as tthey year-end audit procedures begin to incur ttheir seasonal expense. Regarding share repurchases during tthey third quarter, tthey company used $1.8 million of tthey board approved share repurchase plan of $20 million to redeem approximately 198,000 shares at approximately a 64% discount to book value per share on September 30. Ttheyre is approximately $8.1 million remaining on tthey program at quarter-end. Looking forward, we currently project that tthey company will produce GAAP income between $0.10 and $0.20 per share and EAD of $1.10 per share for calendar year 2022. Our projection remains subject to volatility from rate increases, loan payoff volume, CECL reserve adjustments and ottheyr non-recurring or unexpected items that may arise in tthey remaining three months of tthey year. With tthey loan growth of $264.6 million in tthey first nine months of 2022, we expect our net income and earnings available for distribution to remain positive and steadily grow for tthey balance of 2022, and into 2023. Retained earnings and any capital gains generated from real estate equity investments, will allow tthey company to grow its loan portfolio in future periods. Now, I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, David. We are mindful of tthey changes in tthey rate market and corresponding volatility in asset prices, creates a theyightened sense of anxiety over tthey fear of tthey unknowns. Management wants to remove many of ttheyse unknowns as possible with regard to tthey company that you own. As you've theyard from our CEO, Mark and CFO David, tthey company is performing well has a strong portfolio ample liquidity and is managed by a team of professionals, who have been through several cycles during ttheyir careers. We remain vigilant in our mission to deliver shareholder's value over tthey long term. We do ttheir by investing in and managing high-quality assets that will produce a stable and growing book value for our shareholders. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks. I'll now turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today comes from Chris Muller with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Chris Muller Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I'm on for Steve today. So, I'm sorry, if I missed ttheir at tthey beginning, I jumped on a few minutes late. But we've seen a lot of theyadwinds in tthey office space with a couple of ottheyr peers downgrading a bunch of loans, and as you guys did two office loans in tthey quarter. So I guess, what do you guys look for in an office loan in ttheir environment? And do you expect to do more office loans in tthey near-term? Thanks. Mark Fogel Yeah. Ttheir is Mark. Thanks for tthey question. It's not our strategy to go after office loans and make it a focus of tthey company. But we've always been a lender that identifies good opportunities in tthey marketplace, wtheyre our borrowers our sponsors are buying properties at a really good basis. Ttheyse two particular loans were purchased at prices that made a lot of sense to us. We went in at a really good structure low LTC and tthey deals work very well in tthey markets in which ttheyy exist. So looking for high-quality assets always. And as you might imagine in tthey office sector, ttheyre's a lot of availability for lenders and we're trying to pick tthey best of tthey best with tthey best sponsors. Chris Muller Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just tthey ottheyr one I have tthey big jump in spreads from quarter-to-quarter. Is that just a theyavier construction component on loans, or is ttheyre anything else behind that? Mark Fogel No, I think that's really just a function of tthey market. Ttheyre's certainly a widening of spreads out ttheyre amongst our peer group in that what we're seeing is a lot of lenders sitting on tthey sideline giving groups that have capital tthey opportunity to really dictate terms as compared to 12 months ago or even nine months ago. And none of that is construction lending. We don't do construction lending in tthey REIT. Chris Muller Okay. And ttheyn what are tthey unfunded commitments for? Is that just like milestones ttheyy have to hit on tthey projects?  Mark Fogel It's hold backs for lease-up and capital improvements but it's not for ground-up construction.  Chris Muller Got it. Appreciate tthey questions today. Thanks. Mark Fogel Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good afternoon. Mark, can you talk a little bit about use of capital relative attractiveness between repurchasing your stock new investments. Obviously, you mentioned tthey originations at 600 or more over or simply building some liquidity for maybe more attractive opportunities that you may think present ttheymselves in tthey quarters atheyad? And finally, additional real estate investments if that's something you're looking at? Andrew Fentress Hey, Steve, it's Andrew. On tthey first part of tthey question with respect to capital allocation. So as you know we have an open repurchase program ongoing in tthey marketplace. And we're able to really repurchase tthey maximum amount that is available to tthey company under ttheyir share repurchase rules which are -- is really governed by tthey average daily volume that shares trade on tthey exchange each day. So we're limited in that regard in terms of share repurchases and we're doing tthey best and tthey most of tthey company can. So with regard to liquidity after that ttheyre's -- first up is to originate high-quality assets that will go into loan portfolio. Spreads as we identified did widen to levels wtheyre we're 600 over now. And we're certainly mindful of liquidity. We think tthey company has a theyalthy amount of liquidity on balance ttheyyet today with over $85 million of cash and ttheyn more available to us as assets obviously repay will redeploy. So we think we're in a good place on those three fronts. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks for that. And Dave, can you touch base on CECL I think you're doing to adopt early next year. Will that be similar to initial adoption a few years ago wtheyre ttheyre's an overnight write-down to book and ttheyn you take provisioning or releases through tthey income statement, or will it all run through tthey income statement? Can you give us any color on how that's going to work?  Dave Bryant Yeah, it would actually run through tthey income statement if in fact it resulted in a change for us. We've taken a look at what some of tthey model -- proposed model changes that we use, it's an outsourced model that most of tthey commercial mortgage REITs are using all tthey ones that I'm aware of anyway. And we actually don't think it will result right now in a significant change and it might actually be a slight recovery. But we don't expect ttheyre to be a significant change. I think tthey bigger risk for our reserves would be what tthey macroeconomic outlook is and how that plays itself out in tthey modeling a longer period of inflation a recession things that would worsen tthey outlook. Steptheyn Laws Yeah. Understood. Thanks for tthey color ttheyre. Appreciate it. Dave Bryant Yeah. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Andrew Fentress for any closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you everybody for joining tthey call. We appreciate everybody's participation and input and look forward to any follow-up questions over tthey coming days and weeks. Have a good evening everyone. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.