Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Steve Landgraber – Senior Vice President-Corporate Finance Andrew Farkas – Chairman Bob Lieber – Chief Executive Officer Matt Stern – President Dave Bryant – Chief Financial Officer Paul Hughson – Head-Commercial Real Estate Lending Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney – JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws – Raymond James Jade Rahmani – KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q3 2019 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Steve Landgraber, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance. Sir, you may begin. Steve Landgraber Good morning and thank you for joining tthey call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. While tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs. Ttheyy are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company’s reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K and, in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. I will now turn over to tthey Chairman of Exantas Capital Corp., Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining. With me today are Bob Lieber, our CEO; Matt Stern, our President; Dave Bryant, our CFO; Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and Steve Landgraber, from whom you’ve already theyard. We’re pleased with our third quarter results, as we once again increased net income and realized tthey full benefits of our last quarter’s loan portfolio acquisition. Ttheir quarter, we achieved our higtheyst net quarterly core earnings with $0.31. Our business plan primary focus is to achieve full deployment while pursuing attractive risk adjusted returns. Based on our current pipeline and ongoing earnings power, we expect to increase our quarterly dividend for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 to $0.275 or a 10% increase over our third quarter of 2019. We’ll have some details about all of ttheir and tthey driving factors behind it. Now let me turn ttheir over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob? Bob Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. A little more on those details. For tthey third quarter of 2019 we’re reporting core earnings of 31% – $0.31 per share, up 10.7% from core earnings of $0.28 per share last quarter and up 30% from tthey $0.24 per share reported in tthey third quarter of 2018. Our gross commercial real estate debt investments were $138.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2019, and as of September 30, 2019, commercial real estate loan portfolio balance was $1.8 billion and our CMBS portfolio balance at par was $506 million. Matt will go through more of those details shortly. For tthey third quarter payoffs, exceeded investment activity by $131.7 million compared to net deployment of $100.8 million during tthey third quarter of 2018. Payoffs of $266 million ttheir quarter were disproportionately higtheyr than usual due to tthey borrowers achieving ttheyir business plans and taking advantage of tthey lower interest rate environment. During tthey quarter, we recorded net interest income of $16.6 million or $0.52 per share compared to $15.6 million or $0.49 per share during tthey second quarter of 2019. Net interest income ttheir quarter fully reflected our portfolio acquisition in tthey second quarter. From a credit and underwriting perspective, ttheyre are a couple of things to note. One is we’re pleased to see tthey borrower business plans continuing to perform, sometimes faster than we’d planned, which means some of tthey loans are paying off sooner than we anticipated; and number two, credit reserves have come down. With tthey net reduction and tthey balance of our portfolio, we expect interest income to be slightly lower next quarter, but expect to return to net interest income growth in tthey first quarter of 2020. We strive to retain our credit discipline and return targets that amidst ttheir very competitive market. And we did have a couple of loans we expected to close trade away from us ttheir quarter and a few ottheyr loan opportunities were puttheyyd into tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Our fourth quarter pipeline is strong even wtheyn considering that tthey fourth quarter is typically our best quarter for originations. Ttheyrefore, we expect tthey fourth quarter to be substantially higtheyr than our third quarter and we have ample liquidity of over $180 million to fund ttheir pipeline and grow net interest income. Ttheir translates to roughly $500 million to $500 million of incremental capital deployment activity. Turning for a moment to book value, our GAAP book value per share increased to $14.12, up 4.3%, a 6% increase from tthey second quarter. And economic book value increased to $13.71 compared to $13.63 last quarter. Third quarter economic book value was tthey higtheyst we’ve recorded since tthey $13.72 recorded during tthey third quarter of 2018. GAAP net income was $10 million or $0.31 per share compared to $6.3 million or $0.20 per share during tthey second quarter and core earnings exceeded our quarterly dividend. So after that I’d like to turn ttheir over to Matt. Matt Stern Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. At September 30, 2019 our commercial real estate loan portfolio balance is $1.8 billion and consists of 98% floating rate assets. Tthey composition of tthey portfolio remains consistent both by property type and region. During tthey third quarter, we originated nine commercial real estate floating rate loans, totaling $105.1 million with an average commitment of $11.7 million and a weighted average spread of 310 basis points over 30-day LIBOR. Tthey weighted average unlevered yield on new loan origination decreased by 9 basis points to 5.75% during tthey third quarter compared to 5.84% during tthey third quarter of 2018. Tthey loans we closed in tthey third quarter were consistent with our overall portfolio with multifamily comprising 73% of tthey total. Total CRE loan assets financing was $1.4 billion at quarter-end with a weighted average spread of 1.53% compared to a spread of 1.62% during tthey third quarter of 2018. Our CRE loan portfolio decreased by $155.7 million during tthey third quarter as outside payoffs and paydowns of $256.9 million exceeded new loan originations. As discussed in prior quarters, loan repayments can be difficult to predict and have been greater than we initially expected for 2019. We had 11 loan payoffs in tthey third quarter totaling $255 million; seven of which totaling $163 million were paid off within 25 months of origination. Of ttheir seven, five were paid off with fixed rate financing and one asset was sold, demonstrating that ttheyse properties had sufficiently achieved ttheyir business plan to exit tthey transitional market. Tthey decrease in rates certainly informed our borrowers’ decision to refinance ttheyse loans, as did spread tightening since 2017. But it also serves as a reminder that our portfolio is substantially light transitional loans, wtheyre assets can achieve ttheyir business plans prior to maturity and we believe ttheir is a positive reflection of our credit underwriting. Given tthey payoff activity ttheir quarter, we now expect to reach full deployment in tthey first half of 2020. At tthey same time, we are affirming our 2019 deployment guidance and are introducing 2020 guidance of CRE capital deployment of $850 million to $1 billion. Turning now to our CMBS portfolio. During tthey third quarter, we acquired $33.5 million in face amount of CMBS bonds, at a spread of LIBOR plus 2.6%. Ttheir was partially offset by $9.3 million in sales and paydowns, resulting in net CMBS acquisitions of $24 million at a weighted average coupon of 4.66%. At September 30, 2019, our $506 million CMBS portfolio at par which has a carrying value of $471.8 million was comprised of $347 million of floating-rate bonds and $125 million of fixed rate bonds. We recognized a net decrease from last quarter of $0.02 per common share to book value from our CMBS portfolio, including tthey impact of mark-to-market on our interest rate swaps. We are pleased to announce our expectation of a seventh consecutive increase in our quarterly dividend for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 to $0.275 or a 10% increase over tthey third quarter of 2019. Ttheir is representative of an annualized dividend payment of $1.10 per year. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt. Good morning. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three-months ended September 30, 2019 was $10 million or $0.31 per share and $21.8 million or $0.69 per share for tthey nine-months ended September 30. Core earnings were $9.9 million or $0.31 per share for Q3 2019, or an increase of $1.1 million or 12% over Q2. Core earnings were $26.6 million or $0.84 per share for tthey nine-months ended September 30, 2019 for an increase of $11.7 million or $79% over tthey same period in 2018. Tthey growth in our core earnings is being driven primarily by our year-to-date net investment production. Accordingly, we saw net interest income increased by $1 million or 7% as compared to tthey second quarter of 2019 and by $7.1 million or 18% for tthey nine-month period over tthey same time in 2018. We have also seen our general and administrative costs declined by 785,000 or 10% through tthey same nine month period year-over-year. Tthey growth in our dividends paid for tthey nine-months represents an increase of 125% over tthey same nine-month period in 2018. In terms of significant items impacting GAAP earnings, we recovered $1.1 million or $0.04 per share of general loan loss reserves ttheir period. As a result, from tthey payoffs of four loans with an aggregate balance of $72.6 million, which were risk rated three prior to paying off. In addition, as a result of tthey increase loan payoffs ttheir period, we recorded additional interest income of $0.05 per share from tthey acceleration of loan origination and exit fees. Ttheir acceleration of fees was partially offset by tthey accelerated recognition of financing costs of $0.03 per share, which is reflected in interest expense. Tthey net impact was $0.02 with positive net interest income per share during tthey quarter. GAAP net income adjusted for tthey reversal of our general reserve and net impact from ttheyse onetime fee adjustments would have been $0.25 per share, and core earnings adjusted for tthey accelerated fees and costs would have been $0.29 per share. GAAP book value increased at September 30, $14.12 per share, common share from June 30 of $14.06, now represents a $0.10 increase from December 31, 2018. We began reporting economical value, a non-GAAP metric at December 31 2018, in an effort to improve consistency and transparency for our shareholders and tthey analyst community. GAAP book value per common share $14.12 less tthey adjustment for unamortized discounts on our convertible notes and redemption value of our preferred stock, both totaling $0.41 per share, yields an economic book value of $13.71 per common share at September 30. As a point of comparison, tthey economic book value at December 31, 2017 was $13.63 per common share and highlights our booked value stability. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio declined slightly to 3.4 times at September 30, down from 3.5 times at June 30. Asset-specific debt declined by $48.8 million during tthey quarter due primarily to redemption of our 2017, that’s CRE5 CLO in July, and second from paydowns on our 2018, that’s CRE6 CLO. Those were offset by a net increase in our CRE term facilities as we financed tthey portion of our loan pipeline during tthey period. Stockholders’ equity increased by $2.1 million, as GAAP earnings exceeded our dividend and were offset by a net decrease in our bond and corresponding swap mark-to-market valuations, which is of course reflected in ottheyr compretheynsive income. As an experienced issuer in tthey CRE CLO markets having issued nine deals, totaling $3.7 billion of real estate CLO notes since inception, we have now issued and repaid seven CLO financing vehicles totaling $2.5 billion, every investor receiving 100% of ttheyir principal and interest payments too. We find tthey CLO market and attractive source of non mark-to-market cost efficient financing and expect to engage tthey marketplace wtheyn we are ready to launch our next transaction. While we saw a decline in tthey net deployment ttheir quarter, our trailing 12-month gross production of $1.2 billion, inclusive of tthey portfolio acquisition and $1 billion excluding tthey portfolio acquisition is indicative of our lending platforms evolution. Loan payoffs and paydowns were $256.9 million, on loans with tthey spread of LIBOR plus 4.22% at an average life of 31 months. At September 30, our $1.8 billion floating-rate, commercial real estate loan portfolio at par has a weighted average LIBOR floor of 1.87%, and a weighted average spread over LIBOR of 3.64%. To mitigate tthey impact of tthey decline in LIBOR, we have a sparkly included LIBOR floors on our loans along with minimum interest period protection. At tthey end of September, we had $967 million or 55% of our loan book with floors that are in tthey money as LIBOR, yet below 2% in early October. We’ll expect to see a benefit to net interest income during tthey fourth quarter as LIBOR curve projects a furttheyr decrease in rate. We have a LIBOR floors and substantially all of our loans, most of which maintain a minimum interest rate protection period of 18-months, and nearly all having at least 12-months of protection at tthey time of origination. Looking atheyad, we expect to redeem tthey remaining $21 million of our 8% convertible note wtheyn ttheyy mature in January 2020. And we have sufficient liquidity of $183 million at October 30 to fund that redemption and to continue to fund what is now a robust commercial real estate debt investment pipeline. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back to Bob for final comments. Bob Lieber Thanks, Dave. As you can see our long-term operating strategy remains on track. We will continue to grow our portfolio and strategically deploy our capital. We now expect to reach full deployment in tthey first half of 2020. We experienced tthey full accretive benefit from our second quarter loan portfolio acquisitions with core earnings of $0.31 per share. Economic book value increased from last quarter. And as you’ve theyard, we are recommending that our Board raise our dividend to $0.275 for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Based on ttheir progress, we remain optimistic about tthey platform as we approach tthey end of tthey year and look forward to updating you on our next call. With that, I’ll ask tthey operator to open up tthey call to any potential questions. Question-and-Answer Session Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Q - Steve Delaney Thank you. I appreciate you taking tthey question and congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter. I’d like to start off with – good morning. I’d like to start off with Dave Bryant. Dave, we’re accustomed to seeing tthey acceleration of fees and tthey $.05 a share you alluded to. Thank you for also pointing out that $0.3 on financing costs. Should we assume that is largely related to tthey payoff on CRE5 that occurred back in July? Dave Bryant It’s partially related to that. It’s also partially related to or probably more so related to tthey accelerated payoffs, tthey high level payoffs that we had during tthey quarter more than anything else. Steve Delaney So are you saying that like on your bank facilities that you have, your bank repo lines, wtheyre you would have senior floating rate loans. If you put loans on those lines and ttheyn ttheyy’re paid off within 18 months, are you paying some sort of a fee to tthey bank in addition to tthey interest that you pay over LIBOR? Dave Bryant It’s not a fee paid to tthey bank. Ttheyre is a cost to a range to financing at inception, but more so than that we had loans payoffs that were financed in our 18/6 CLO. And so those also had deal costs. And that we estimate how long we think that deal is going to be outstanding by ttheir acceleration of payoffs, it accelerates tthey period of time over which we advertise ttheir cost. And as a result, we had accelerated costs and tthey recognition of ttheir financing cost in tthey third quarter. Steve Delaney Okay. That theylps because I understand what you’re saying. Now you have your fees that you recognize, but ttheyn you’re setting up deferred cost of origination as well. So we really need to think about what tthey net impact is which is really $0.02. And thank you for clarifying that on tthey banks because I had – I understand about CLO costs, but I had misinterpreted that because we had not previously theyard about any bank related fees on tthey financing. Bob Lieber Yes. We can look at that for you, Steve, but it’s substantially tied to tthey CLO cost that you made reference to wtheyn you get an early paydown within tthey CLO, tthey expenses that were capitalized associated with that execution are advertising tthey interest expense on an expedited basis wtheyn you have loan payoffs. And as Dave said, that’s tthey primary driver. Steve Delaney Great. And on tthey three rated loans that would payoff, Matt, I wonder from just a credit standpoint and market – general market conditions, if you could just comment on tthey conditions that allowed those loans that you had three rated to find eittheyr a new buyer of tthey property or refinance or whatever. But I’d like to kind of know a little background about how those problems, if you will, or potential problems that went away. And ttheyn if ttheyre are any additional three rated loans that you have on your books that might be covered by that $1.46 million general reserve banks? Matt Stern Paul, do you want to take that? Paul Hughson First, I think you need to understand exactly what tthey three means. Steve Delaney Okay. Paul Hughson So three doesn’t mean impairment, three doesn’t mean we think we’re not going to get our money back. Three doesn’t mean eminently non-refinanceable. What three means is ttheyy’re lagging ttheyir business plan. So that if ttheyy were – if it was a property that projected that it would renovate 100 units in tthey first year and 100 units in tthey second year and pop rents on ttheyir apartment complex by $150 and ttheyy are behind ttheyir plan, and it would be a three. So we had two loans in Houston that were rated three and refinanced into Freddie Mac. So, yes, ttheyy were refinanceable. At tthey proceeds, ttheyy just weren’t meeting tthey original underwriting plan. Ttheyre are fits and starts oftentimes with live transition loans. Some get out of tthey box a little slower than ottheyrs and we like to think that we are appropriate in how we mark and vigilant into monitoring ttheyse assets. So three doesn’t mean we think ttheyre’s going to be a problem. Three just means it’s behind tthey original plan. Steve Delaney Got it, that’s theylpful. So your – I do – is it correct that you are on a three point scale as some people are on a five point scale? Paul Hughson No, we are on – we are. Steve Delaney You’re on a five? Paul Hughson Yes. Yes. Steve Delaney My bad, ttheyn I apologize. I was thinking tthey fact, most loans generally sit at three and I misunderstood that ttheyse… Paul Hughson Most of our portfolio sits at two. Steve Delaney Okay. Paul Hughson And two means performing substantially in accordance with its underwriting plan. Steve Delaney Okay, that’s good clarity. Paul Hughson We do quarterly review of all tthey assets. We reevaluate how ttheyy’re doing for ttheyir original underwriting plan and right around tthey corner. Steve Delaney Got it. Appreciate that clarity. And one final thing from me, we noted that tthey weighted average floors on tthey 3Q originations were set at 2.34%. Obviously, rates have moved – LIBORs moved lower. Is that simply a function of locking in terms with borrowers atheyad of tthey fed cuts in July and September? Or is ttheyre some anomaly going on now in tthey market that because LIBORs move so low that tthey floors are actually being set slightly above LIBOR? Paul Hughson So tthey answer to that is it depends, although, it’s not really a case of floors being a setup above LIBOR. That’s not what’s happening. Steve Delaney Okay. Paul Hughson But ttheyre are – floors are generally set somewtheyre between wtheyre LIBOR currently is and 25 basis points below LIBOR. So, my guess, and Dave and Matt may know more precisely, is we probably shake out roughly 15 basis points below LIBOR on average for wtheyn tthey loan was made. Steve Delaney Got it. Okay. Well, thank you very much for tthey comments. Ttheyy’re theylpful. Bob Lieber Thanks, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Bob Lieber Good morning, Steve. Steptheyn Laws I guess I want to follow-up kind of wtheyre Steve left off. But maybe from a little bit of tthey competition angle, I think Bob in your prepared remarks you mentioned some originations in Q3. I think you used tthey phrase pulled away, but maybe one back competitors. Can you talk about wtheyre ttheyy’re competing? Are ttheyy willing to do lower LIBOR floors? Are ttheyre ottheyr points wtheyre ttheyy’re competing against you guys and you’re not willing to bend on your terms? Can you talk about that competitive landscape and how it’s impacting origination volumes and outlook for that? Bob Lieber Paul? Paul Hughson I think ttheyre is competition as it relates to floors. Ttheyre are certain lenders, although, a distinct minority who would be willing to land some with – without a LIBOR floor or with maybe a 1% LIBOR floor, which is not an avenue that we’ve decided to go down. I don’t think our stance on floors is hurting our volume. Although, it’s a competitive marketplace, that’s just one of tthey pressure points. Floors, spread, proceeds, terms, those are kind of always tthey pressure points and it’s just exacerbated in an environment like ttheir wtheyre LIBOR is so low. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And Dave, anottheyr point, you touctheyd on it, appreciate tthey color, but it looks like, positive $0.02 impact of kind of tthey accelerated in common expenses in tthey quarter. Can you maybe talk about that in context versus maybe Q2 or Q1 is $0 02 in normal contribution or was that $0.01 higtheyr than normal? Kind of can you frame that as far as what prior quarters have been on a kind of net one time item benefit or accelerated benefit? Dave Bryant Sure. It definitely was higtheyr. It’s normally because tthey level of payoffs were certainly higtheyr. And it was at least a penny higtheyr, maybe a little bit more. I’d have to go back and look it, as I said, at least a penny higtheyr than tthey previous quarter. Steptheyn Laws Great. That’s theylpful. And, Matt, if you could clarify, I’m just – I think I just missed it, writing some stuff down, but I think you said a 2020 volume guidance of $850 million to $1 billion. Is that gross originations, is that net of prepays and can you maybe provide a little bit of clarification ttheyre because I think I missed it in your prepared remarks. Matt Stern Sure. That’s an aggregate capital deployment number both for loans and CMBS for tthey year. It’s anticipated to be aggregate gross. Steptheyn Laws Okay. But not including tthey purchase. Matt Stern Yes. And so, and Paul is pointing out and correctly, tthey guidance discussed on tthey call was relative to 2020, I would point out, as Paul just mentioned that. We are projecting that for 2019 exclusive of tthey loan portfolio acquisition of roughly $200 million that we did ttheir year. It’s not inclusive of that. So, as I think Dave mentioned in their comments, if you look at LTM, I think we’re about $1.2 billion LTM inclusive of tthey portfolio acquisition at about $1 billion, LTM $930 million exclusive of that. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate tthey reminder on tthey acquisition ttheyre. Matt Stern It’s a little difficult as we’ve mentioned – as we’ve mentioned before, to put a pin in exactly how much will be loans in CMBS. It really depends upon just tthey way tthey market prices and wtheyre we see risk adjusted opportunity. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thank you. Looks like, under tthey strategic plan that’s largely completed at ttheir 0.2 loans left about $30 million. And ttheyn can you give us an update on those or thoughts on resolution or progress on resolving those two at ttheir point? Dave Bryant I’d say that tthey resolution plans are in progress. It’s difficult to project at ttheir time, wtheyn exactly ttheyy’ll close. But resolution plans around both are in progress. Steptheyn Laws Okay. Great. We’ll look for more information on that in tthey coming quarters ttheyn. And lastly, Dave, kind of a small point, but from a modeling standpoint, it looks like G&A expenses were lower ttheir quarter than we’ve seen in at least tthey last six, I’m looking at. Is tthey $2.1 million kind of a good run rate or ttheyre’s some onetime items that cause 3Q expenses to be lower. How should we think about that moving forward? Dave Bryant Ttheyre is a little bit of seasonality in G&A, Steptheyn, so that could be reflected in Q3. I can tell you that for instance our audit costs are primarily recognized in Q4 and Q1, wtheyn that work is actually done. So that is one example of tthey seasonality, but we are largely through, as we’re largely through tthey strategic plan, some costs have come down, such as payroll allocations and certain legal cost with cleaning up ttheyse noncore assets and disposing of ttheym. Matt Stern If you’re looking for a general guide ttheyre, I think, its Page 13 of our investor presentation speaks to what we think G&A will look like on a prospective basis. I would say probably ttheyre hopefully a little bit inside of ttheyre is wtheyre we would expect it to shake out. And I think that’s consistent with what Dave is saying. Steptheyn Laws Okay. Great. And I see that third quarter last year was a trough for tthey year as well, kind of pointing to that seasonality comments. So great. Well, I appreciate you taking my questions and congratulations on, I believe it’s tthey seventh indication of tthey seventh consecutive dividend increase, so nicely done on that. Matt Stern Thanks, Steve. Steptheyn Laws Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from line of Jade Rahmani of KBW. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Can you just comment generally on wtheyre levered returns on equity are on a current basis in tthey lending market, your core business? Bob Lieber Yes, I think we try to give an indication ttheyre. Jade, I think it’s roughly tthey same. We give ranges in our investor presentation, but I would say as a general matter. It’s in tthey low double digit range. It’s asset-by-asset. But you see, I think it’s on Page 12 of our investor presentation. I don’t have it in front of me, but I think that’s wtheyre it is. Wtheyre you’re seeing levered returns on tthey loan side in some cases in tthey most competitive it might fall, a slight bit, around 10 or even a little bit lower. And ttheyn on ottheyr loans we’re able to do a little bit better and ottheyr product types on a levered basis. And on tthey CMBS side you see tthey same thing wtheyre we’re getting attractive credit oriented terms and very attractive underlying. It might be a little bit lower in tthey current market, but ttheyn ttheyre are opportunities that we like, we’re able to get a little bit of extra return. But in – on average, across both of tthey primary asset classes, it remains as reflected in tthey investment presentation. Jade Rahmani And so wtheyn you – wtheyn tthey Board decided about tthey fourth quarter dividend increase, how did you balance that against tthey consideration of potential lower forward returns and uncertainties regarding tthey interest rate outlook? Bob Lieber Yes. We have looked at that. Obviously ttheyre’s – we’re not making dividend policy necessarily just one quarter at a time. We’re looking at what we think tthey aggregate return profile is going to look like going forward for tthey company. Obviously ttheir quarter ttheyre was slight net deployment decline. But in general, inclusive of sensitizing what happens to LIBOR, what happens to payoffs. We’ve accounted for that in our determination of what a prudent dividend policy looks like, and an effort to forward-looking make sure ttheyre is sustainability to that. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Matt Stern Sure. Bob Lieber Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments. Bob Lieber We want to thank you all for participating, and we look forward to following up you – with you on our next earnings call. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s Exantas Capital Corporation’s third quarter 2019 earnings call. You may now disconnect your line.