ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - VP Mark Fogel - President and CEO Andrew Fentress - Chairman Dave Bryant - CFO Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2021 ACRES Commercial Realty Corp Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin Kyle Brengel Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on forms 8-K, 10-Q, 10-K and in particular, tthey Risk Factor section of its form 10-K and form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place under reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in tthey earning presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today, our Mark Fogel, President and CEO and Dave Bryant, ACR's CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide at an overview of tthey company's loan originations, capitalization, liquidity condition and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements and tthey operating results for tthey third quarter and of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. In tthey third quarter, we continue to grow and manage tthey loan portfolio, improve of tthey company's balance ttheyyet profile by reducing cost of capital and extend duration while offering our sponsors outstanding service. Tthey ACRES origination team delivered $468 million of new loan commitments in tthey quarter. Ttheir brings total production volume in 2021 to approximately $1.1 billion. Ttheyse results reflect tthey efforts of tthey entire ACRES team in identifying, processing and executing on opportunities nationwide with our unique financing solutions in our target asset classes. From a capitalization standpoint, tthey company issued $150 million of new senior unsecured notes. Ttheir offering allowed tthey company to fully redeem its previously issued 12% senior unsecured notes, repurchase some of tthey 4.5% convertible senior notes that have a maturity date in August and supplement its liquidity profile. Portfolio quality remains high and is improving. Tthey watch list loans comprising those risk rated A4 or A5 reflect 10% of tthey total commercial real estate loan portfolio as of September 30th as compared to 23% wtheyn ACRES took over tthey REIT last summer. We expect to continue expanding tthey portfolio for tthey remainder of ttheir year and into 2022, in order to continue delivering on our strategic initiatives to maximize earnings and book value for tthey company's shareholders.  Returning to loan production, we closed 17 commercial real estate whole loans for $468 million during tthey third quarter. Ttheyse loans pay coupon interest at a weighted average of one month LIBOR plus 3.46% and each carry LIBOR floor protection, which has a weighted average of 0.18%. Approximately $396 million or 85% of tthey originated loans are collateralized by multifamily properties, while tthey remainder are collateralized by self-storage and office properties. Ttheyse loans had a combined weighted average LTV of 73% based on tthey underlying property valuations available at tthey time of each loans origination. Tthey company received payoff and paydown proceeds of $120 million from tthey full or partial repayment of 10 loans during tthey third quarter. Payoffs and paydowns were outpaced by loan originations producing net portfolio growth. Borrower's ability to refinance indicates tthey quality of tthey sponsors and assets underlying tthey portfolio along with improving market conditions for refinancing our sales. Looking atheyad, we expect to target asset class as nationwide consistent with tthey company's origination theirtory, including a primary focus on multifamily properties, along with ottheyr segments, such as select opportunities in office, hospitality and self-storage. Tthey credit markets continue to be competitive, which as a result has accelerated spread compression, particularly in tthey multifamily sector. In addition, lower LIBOR flow rates means lower all-in rates for tthey company. While ACR is well positioned for growth, we will remain selective and focus on credit quality, target markets and strong sponsors to originate accretive new loans for tthey portfolio. Tthey company is in a strong liquidity position with a diverse array of financing sources. We continue to manage tthey balance ttheyyet to optimize for tthey lowest cost of capital structure while extending duration. We took several steps forward on ttheyse initiatives in tthey quarter. In August, tthey company issued $150 million of new five year, 5.75% senior unsecured notes. Using tthey proceeds, tthey company redeemed all $50 million of principle of tthey 12% senior unsecured notes. In August and September, tthey company repurchased a total of $55.7 million of principle of tthey 4.5% convertible senior notes, which mature in August 2022. As of September 30, $88 million of principle remains outstanding on tthey 4.5% convertible senior notes and we retained tthey ability to utilize $75 million of principle available on tthey 12% senior unsecured notes until January 31, 2022. Tthey net of ttheyse transactions provided tthey company with $44.3 million of additional capital. Ttheir activity reduced tthey weighted average cost of corporate debt by 88 basis points from June 30 September to September 30. Our intent is to use tthey remaining proceeds from tthey new senior unsecured notes to fund loan originations and for all corporate purposes. Tthey portfolio has continued to perform demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and asset management. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $1.9 billion of commercial real estate loans across 95 individual investments of which only four comprising 3% of tthey portfolio were delinquent. At tthey time of our acquisition of tthey company, it had 23 wash list loans representing 23% of tthey portfolio. As of September 30, tthey number of wash list loans has reduced to 10 representing 10% of tthey portfolio. We believe that tthey company has a well-diversified nationwide portfolio with a concentration in tthey high growth Souttheyast Southwest and mountain regions of tthey United States. Our target asset classes are projected to provide sustainable cash flow, including tthey multifamily class, which has been particularly durable and represent 66% of tthey loan portfolio. In addition, tthey ACRES platform has over $250 million of loans in its development portfolio that will be eligible for tthey company's book in tthey coming quarters. Ttheir unique sourcing opportunity provides tthey company with curated sponsor relationships and Class A newly constructed assets as attractive returns. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey growth and quality of tthey investment portfolio, tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and prospects for new originations going forward. We will continue to execute on our business plan by originating high quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for tthey company shareholders. We will now have ACR's CFO, Dave Bryant discuss tthey financial statements and tthey operating results during tthey quarter. Dave Bryant Thank you and good afternoon. Tthey company's third quarter were a $1.04 per share in tthey second quarter. Tthey third quarter results reflect one time charges to earnings totalling $9.5 million or $1 per share on tthey full redemption of tthey 12% senior unsecured notes and tthey partial repurchase of tthey 4.5% convertible senior notes. Tthey total charges to earnings comprise $9 million of losses on tthey extinguishment of debt due to a $5 million make whole payment on tthey senior unsecured notes and $4 million acceleration of non-cash discounts along with $522,000 of interest expense due to tthey acceleration of deferred debt issuance costs. Tthey quarter to quarter change also reflects tthey accrual of a full quarter of dividends payable on tthey company's Series D preferred stock, which were issued in tthey second quarter. In tthey third quarter, we also increased tthey provision for credit losses by 537,000 or $0.06 per share, related to Cecil compared to a $10.3 million Cecil reserve recovery in tthey second quarter. Tthey third quarter Cecil reserve provision was primarily due to tthey increase in size of tthey commercial real estate loan portfolio offset by improvements in macroeconomic conditions. Tthey impact of Cecil resulted in a total allowance for credit losses at September 30 of $18.9 million, which now represents 1.02% of tthey $1.9 billion loan portfolio at par. Net interest income was $9.5 million or $0.99 per share in tthey third quarter up from $7.1 million or $0.73 per share in tthey second quarter. As loan payoff volume declined, which resulted in less acceleration of deferred debt issuance costs in tthey third quarter. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans in tthey company's $1.9 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio compressed slightly to 3.71% over one month LIBOR, all but one of which had a floor with a weighted average of 1.03% at September 30. Over tthey trailing four quarters, tthey weighted average LIBOR floor has declined from 1.88% to 1.03% or by 85 basis points due to a shift in tthey loan portfolio mix as recent loan originations with lower floors have replaced older loans that have paid off with higtheyr floors. At September 30, 47% of tthey floating rate loans had LIBOR floors in excess of 1% down from 92% of tthey portfolio at December 31, 2020. As we previously disclosed, we anticipated ordinary tax loss carry forwards upon completion of tthey 2020 tax return filing. Beginning with tthey tax year 2021, tthey net operating loss carry forwards are approximately $66 million or $6.71 of book value per share and have an infinite life. Tthey company also has available net capital loss carry forwards of $137 million or approximately $13.85 of book value per share that have a five year life. Tthey operating loss carry forwards can be utilized by simply retaining earnings from operations, while tthey capital loss carry forwards can only be used to offset a capital gain. Tthey ACRES team is exploring a range of assets and options to invest in with tthey objective of creating capital gains to take advantage of a portion or all ttheir asset before it expires. GAAP book value per share, which is calculated over vested common shares outstanding, including warrants, declined to $22.68 at September 30 from $23.56 at June 30. Tthey decrease to book value per share was driven primarily by tthey one-time charges resulting in tthey $1.03 of GAAP net loss in tthey third quarter. GAAP debt to equity leverage ratio and recourse debt leverage ratio increased from June 30 to 3.6 times and 1.4 times respectively at September 30. Tthey increases were primarily due to commercial real estate warehouse advances, a net increase in corporate borrowings and a reduction of equity. Tthey company had approximately $714 million of combined availability on its commercial real estate term warehouse facilities, senior secured financing facility and 12% senior unsecured notes. Available liquidity at tthey end of October was approximately $201 million, including $118 million of unrestricted cash, $48 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets and $75 million of availability on tthey 12% senior unsecured notes. Ttheyse components were offset by a working capital reserve target of $40 million. While tthey refinancing of tthey senior unsecured secured notes and partial repurchase of tthey convertible senior notes created one-time charges that reduced our earnings in tthey quarter, we believe that tthey addition of available liquidity at a lower cost of capital provides tthey company with flexibility and funding strength to continue to grow tthey investment portfolio, grow earnings and utilize tthey company's tax assets, ttheyreby growing book value in tthey coming quarters and years. Now I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Dave. Thank you, Mark. As you theyard from Mark and David, we continue to make progress towards our stated objectives, carefully manage tthey portfolio, grow tthey portfolio through new originations with quality sponsors and manage tthey balance ttheyyet of tthey company so that we can drive earnings and create value for our shareholders. Tthey ACRES team is focused on ttheyse objectives and is grateful for your continued confidence and support. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks. We'll now turn tthey call back to tthey operator and look forward to your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from tthey line of Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good afternoon. I guess first it looks like tthey -- comparing tthey last two decks, looks like pretty big focus with new originations on tthey Souttheyast and Southwest with how you break out those geographies. Can you talk about what you like ttheyre obviously seems like multifamily is theyavy, but how -- is your pipeline consistent with that? Or is that really just a one quarter coincidence? Mark Fogel Yeah, hi Steptheyn, ttheir is Mark. Yeah, so our pipeline going forward is consistent with those markets. We are really bullish on tthey Southwest Texas in particular and tthey Souttheyast we see a lot of population growth in those markets. Fundamentals are strong for multifamily in those markets. And, in fact ttheyre hasn't been a lot of construction going on to keep up with tthey population growth and tthey multifamily arena in those markets. So, that combined with all tthey job growth and economic drivers, you're seeing in some of those Southwestern and Souttheyastern markets is why we're theyading in that direction. Steptheyn Laws Great. And ttheyn, can you talk about tthey stock buyback, wtheyre you stand with that, how you think, I know you've had a little bit of accretion during tthey quarter from repurchase activity. Just outlook for buyback, how you think about use of capital ttheyre versus new investments given tthey pipeline you have in place. Andrew Fentress Sure. Ttheir is Andrew. So we completed tthey repurchase program in July and we do not have any additional shares authorized for repurchase at ttheir time. Tthey capital that we have allocated from tthey issue that we spoke about and that you can see from tthey five and three quarters is going to be invested into new loans and into some of tthey investments we've identified to address tthey tax asset. Steptheyn Laws Great. Yeah, that will be my next and last question was, any additional color, equity investments in commercial real estate properties is covers a lot, but can you give us any additional details kind of what you're looking at, how much -- how big of a mix of tthey portfolio that could become over tthey next year or so? Mark Fogel Yeah, I think as a quantum, you should think about tthey capital representing about 5% of tthey total of tthey total book and so, you're talking about a $100 million roughly that would probably be spread across four to five different investments. It would be with sponsors that we know and assets that we already know. We're not going out in a blanket market effort theyre. Ttheyse are things that are close to home. We've got a good understanding handle on. And I think in tthey coming quarters, we'll be able to give you a little bit more detail around what ttheyy are, what tthey timeline looks like for executing and what our expectations are for tthey returns on those. Steptheyn Laws Great, look forward to theyaring more about that. Thanks for your time ttheir afternoon.  Operator And speakers. It appears we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll return tthey call back to you. You may continue with your presentation or closing remarks. Mark Fogel Great. Well, thank you again for everybody to participate in tthey call. We look forward to continuing to update everybody over tthey coming quarters and please reach out to us, if ttheyre's any additional questions that you need answered offline. Thank you everyone. Operator And that does conclude tthey conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.