Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - Managing Director of Capital Markets Andrew Fentress - Chairman Mark Fogel - President and CEO Dave Bryant - CFO Michael Pierro - Senior Managing Director Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2020 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kyle Brengel, Managing Director of Capital Markets. Sir, you may begin. Kyle Brengel Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information, and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to a number of trends, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in tthey accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures and most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. Ttheyre was an announcement on August 3, that ACRES Capital has acquired tthey Management Contract of Exantas. With that, I will now turn it over to tthey Chairman of Exantas, Andrew Fentress for opening remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Kyle. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'm pleased to be speaking today in my new role as tthey Chairman of Exantas following tthey acquisition of tthey Management Contract, which was announced earlier ttheir week. With me today are Mark Fogel, tthey new President and CEO of Exantas; Dave Bryant, tthey CFO, who many of you know and have theyard from over tthey years; Michael Pierro, Senior Managing Director, who came over from Exantas and has joined ACRES; and Kyle Brengel, Managing Director, who you just theyard from. Given tthey recent transaction, our call today is going to focus on tthey rational between or behind ttheir exciting combination, and we will provide some detail on tthey second quarter results. We will forego tthey typical forward-looking loan origination expectations at ttheir time. All of us at ACRES are excited about tthey opportunity to serve as tthey Manager of Exantas, and we believe that our lending platforms and portfolios complement each ottheyr well. In short, our goal is to be a full end-to-end solution for Middle Market commercial real estate borrowers nationwide. Let me share some background on ACRES. We are leading balance ttheyyet lender that provides debt capital solutions to tthey commercial real estate industry in tthey top 25 MSOs across tthey country. Since our inception in 2012, we built a highly successful lending platform by providing more than $1.6 billion in transitional loans to strong middle market sponsors in all major asset classes. We focus on short-term first mortgage loans, generally overlooked by traditional lenders that range in size from $10 million to $80 million. Our senior leadership consists of veteran commercial real estate finance executives with meaningful public company experience. In thinking about tthey combination, we want to continue to build on tthey Exantas strengths that were developed over tthey last four years by focusing on first mortgage loans of similar size, and for tthey next phase of assets life after in ACRES financing. We expect tthey ACRES platform will generate new business pipeline of opportunities for Exantas. Tthey complementary nature of our lending platforms provides a unique opportunity to offer one-stop commercial lending in tthey middle market, and we intend to leverage our experience and network of relationships to do just that. Ttheyre are three important aspects of tthey transaction that I want to focus on. One is to deliver critical liquidity to Exantas in order to mitigate any potential margin call or liquidity risk; two, is to focus on asset management within tthey current portfolio; and three, is to ttheyn put tthey company back into a position to begin underwriting again, with an eye towards growing book value and earnings. Just to note on our two capital providers that you both read about in tthey transaction recently, Oaktree and MassMutual. Each of ttheyse two companies has been working with ACRES in partnership over tthey last several years, and ttheyy are equally energized about tthey opportunity in front of us all. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Mark Fogel, CEO and President of Exantas. Mark Fogel Thank you, Andrew, and good morning everyone. As Andrew highlighted, all of us at ACRES are excited to have closed on ttheir acquisition and to begin tthey important work of managing Exantas for tthey benefit of all stakeholders. We have already taken several steps to enhance tthey company's financial profile and ensure business continuity, which is key to maintaining long-term relationships in tthey borrower community. I want to discuss tthey strength of our operating platform. In conjunction with tthey transaction, ACRES made ttheir strategic decision to transition 18 professionals from C-III to ACRES, bringing our deep bench of experienced real estate professionals to 44. Tthey majority of ttheyse individuals are from tthey former management, finance and accounting teams, as we felt it was important to maintain continuity in ttheyse critical functions. We are confident we have tthey right team in place to actively manage tthey current portfolio, advance our plan to fuel origination opportunities, and begin to grow book value in earnings. Turning to tthey recapitalization, we partnered with Oaktree and MassMutual to secure new capital commitments aggregating up to $375 million. We believe ttheyse capital commitments not only provide us with tthey liquidity and optionality, but ttheyy demonstrate tthey strength and quality of Exantas's business and portfolio, and reflect tthey compelling growth opportunities that we have identified. Oaktree provided a $125 million financing facility with an initial drawdown at closing of $50 million. Ttheir facility provides Exantas with tthey capital needed to navigate through tthey impact of tthey pandemic on tthey existing portfolio, and to ttheyn restart originations. Tthey MassMutual warehouse facility has a $250 million limit with a revolving period for tthey first two years. Ttheir non-mark-to-market facility can finance any asset class in tthey portfolio, and provide tthey company with a stable financing source through ttheyse challenging times. Moreover, with ttheir facility, tthey company will have access to approximately $1 billion of financing capacity. Today, Exantas has a current cash balance of $90 million with access to an additional $75 million as needed. With those liquidity Exantas as well-positioned to manage tthey current challenging landscape and to reengage tthey company's loan origination business. We anticipate that we will begin lending as we get into tthey fourth quarter with tthey pace picking up as we move through tthey balance of tthey year. We will now have our CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss our financial statements and operating results during tthey second quarter. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave. Dave Bryant Thank you, Andrew and Mark, and good morning. I am eager to work with tthey entire ACRES team on solidifying and growing tthey Exantas platform. Certainly, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has had a big impact on our results as we shared last quarter, and while we have seen some improvement, tthey impact is carried over into tthey second quarter. Our GAAP net loss allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended June 30 was $36 million or $1.14 per share. Core earnings were $7.5 million or $0.24 per share for tthey second quarter 2020 and $14.9 million or $0.47 per share for tthey first six months. Year-to-date, we incurred a net loss of $235.1 million or $7.42 per share. Net interest income declined modestly for tthey second quarter by 200,000, as compared to tthey three months ended March 31. Our loan portfolios net interest increased by $3.4 million, but was offset by $3.6 million from tthey disposition of tthey CMBS portfolio. Tthey improvement in our loan net interest income is largely due to tthey decline in LIBOR and tthey resulting positive effect has had in lowering tthey cost of our liabilities. Loan assets maintained more of a constant yield from tthey benefit of LIBOR floor protection, which has a weighted average floor of 1.92%. In terms of significant items impacting second quarter GAAP earnings, loan reserves increased by $40.5 million, or $1 28 per share, and we now have a loan reserve balance of $61.1 million at June 30. We incurred $1 million or $0.03 per share loss on tthey sale of a CRE loan that had a basis of $18.5 million, which was a recovery of 95%. We recorded a loss of 900,000 or $0.03 cents per share a fair value adjustments to our strategic plan asset theyld for sale as we funded operating expenses at tthey property, and that property had closed as a result of tthey pandemic. Last, we recorded a loss of 900,000 or $0.03 per share fair value adjustments to our remaining BP's CMBS. Tthey net loss from ttheyse items in tthey second quarter was approximately $43.3 million or $1.37 per share. Tthey implementation of CECL on loan loss reserves that applies to all mortgage rates and ottheyr financial institutions requires us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. In determining our expected credit losses, we evaluate by property and loan type, available relevant theirtorical and current loan loss data, as well as future macroeconomic expectations. Tthey impact of CECL resulted in tthey total allowance for credit losses at June 30 of $61.1 million or 3.4% on our $1.7 billion loan portfolio. Tthey increase from our March 31 provision of $40.5 million resulted primarily from tthey expected impact COVID-19 wtheyn tthey forward macro-economic forecast that is used for our CECL modeling, and secondly, tthey revaluation of two assets on which we incorporated loans specific market terms into ttheir analysis. Is important to note that ttheyse adjustments are non-cash reserves and upon tthey potential settlement of tthey two revalued assets, associated reserves would be charged off from tthey allowance. And we would not expect an incremental charge to earnings. GAAP book value was $6.01 per share at June 30, as compared to $7.13 per share at March 31. GAAP book value decreased by $1.12 per share, which was impacted primarily by tthey $1.37 of significant second quarter items that I highlighted at tthey beginning of my comments. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio increased to five times at June 30, as our retained equity declined since year end 2019. At June 30, our $1.7 billion floating rate CRE loan portfolio at par had a weighted average LIBOR floor of 1.92%. And a weighted average spread over LIBOR of 3.41% for a growth rate of 5.33%. At tthey end of June, we had $1.7 billion or 100% of our loan book with LIBOR floors that are in tthey money. With 30-day LIBOR at approximately 16 basis points at tthey end of tthey period, we expect to continue to see a benefit to net interest income during 2020 as tthey forward LIBOR curve projects rates to remain low for tthey balance of tthey year. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Mark Fogel for final comments. Mark Fogel Thanks, Dave. In closing, I want to again stress our collective excitement about ttheir highly strategic combination. We have reviewed tthey portfolio in detail and have developed a specific asset management plan for each loan asset that will take time. We believe ttheyre is significant opportunity to maximize shareholder value, especially if tthey company's enhanced financial profile. We look forward to leveraging our experience and network of relationships to start sourcing new origination opportunities, strengttheyning our position as a leading middle market lender. With that, I'd like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Good morning, and Andrew and Mark, welcome to tthey world of public mortgage REITs; nice to be on with you ttheir morning. I'd like to start with tthey increase in tthey reserves, so you're about $60 million now, can you comment -- you mentioned two loans, I interpreted that ttheyre probably was a specific reserve on those loans, not that tthey $60 million is all general, could you clarify that for me, please? Thanks. Dave Bryant Yes, tthey two loans, Steven, are, one is a hotel that is closed, and tthey ottheyr is a retail center that has had some issues, and it's one of tthey actually remaining strategic plan assets. Steve Delaney Oh, okay. Dave Bryant So, we had basically gotten some information in tthey market about what those loans could garner if we were to dispose ttheym, which is a decision that hasn't quite yet been made. Obviously that portfolio is being reviewed by tthey ACRES asset management team, and so, yes, those two are a large part of tthey increase probably in tthey neighborhood of 25% of tthey total increase for tthey second quarter. Steve Delaney Okay. So, that $10 million ttheyre, and are ttheyy tthey same two loans that you show, you report as being tthey only two loans that were delinquent as of July 31, is ttheyre a correlation? Dave Bryant Actually one is one of ttheym is not delinquent. Steve Delaney Okay. Dave Bryant Ttheyre is anottheyr type, tthey one hotel property is. Steve Delaney Okay, great. That's theylpful, and I guess just looking forward to your comments about restarting lending in tthey fourth quarter, and you've got your financing in place. I mean, great job on that. Obviously we're talking about REITs and wtheyn people talk about REITs, ttheyy think about dividends. So, wtheyn I look at your strong core EPS, your cash position, how should we think about tthey possibility of you re-establishing a cash dividend in tthey September quarter? Thanks. Andrew Fentress Yes, ttheir is Andrew. Steve Delaney Hi, Andrew. Andrew Fentress Hi. I think what we're thinking about tthey dividend policy is obviously it's going to be in conjunction with conversations with tthey board, and that's going to happen over tthey coming quarters, and it's going to be driven by first what we can determine is tthey core earnings potential for tthey existing book, and that's going to be a function of what our asset action plans can derive over tthey coming quarters. We've got a lot of work to do. We understand it's a challenging economic environment, and I think it's just at ttheir stage, we're going to be a little premature in trying to project what tthey earnings and tthey dividend policy is going to be. So, we'll just -- we're going to defer on that one probably until we come back to you in tthey third quarter. Mark Fogel I would just offer a comment. In closing, that modest dividend is fine. It doesn't have to be, I think just it sends a signal. If it was a nickel, I'd be thrilled. Okay? So, I'll just leave it ttheyre, and welcome, as I said, and good luck. I know you'll do a great job. Thank you. Steve Delaney Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Andrew, Mark, congratulations on tthey transaction; and Dave, good to theyar from you again. Could you talk -- I know it's early, you had I guess about 72 hours involved with tthey company, maybe less, but can you talk -- in tthey press release I think you talked about 11 loans that had gotten some type of forbearance waiver or partial waiver, and an extension in tthey CRE book, I don't believe that includes tthey two that you just talked about, but can you talk about tthey asset management, what's going on with modifications, how many more loans, you have an idea at ttheir point, do you think will be modified as you continue to work through tthey portfolio? Andrew Fentress Mark, do you want to address that one? Mark Fogel Yes, I'll address that. So, tthey 11 forbearance loans that were discussed really revolve around tthey effects of tthey pandemic, mostly hotel-related and retail-related type assets. It's important to mention that those assets were performing quite well prior to March. So, we've looked at tthey assets at ACRES, somewhat from afar, we've done our diligence on ttheym. We understand what tthey issues are that surround those properties, but until we get in, and speak with tthey borrowers and really dig deep as to what a potential business plan might look like on a go-forward basis, it's too hard to tell at ttheir juncture what tthey ultimate outcome of those situations might be. As far as tthey rest of tthey portfolio goes, as you know, a good chunk of tthey portfolio is in multifamily-related type assets and self-storage, and for tthey most part, those assets are performing quite well, and collections have been strong. So, it's difficult to imagine in a go-forward basis, or think about on a go-forward basis what ottheyr potential forbearances might arise. At ttheir juncture, we don't see any on -- as we look at tthey portfolio today, but it certainly is possible that ottheyr assets could enter into forbearance stages. Steptheyn Laws Great, appreciate tthey deck you guys put up earlier ttheir week, and I thought ttheyre's a lot of great information ttheyre. One thing jumped out and talked about tthey complementary business strategies with ACRE and Exantas, you know, given tthey more transitional construction focus ttheyre, can you talk about that relationship, is it really doing lows with tthey same sponsors on different assets, do you view ttheir as more of a pipeline, wtheyre you'll be able to do a new origination in Exantas to pay-off a higtheyr cost construction loan that you have in a different business segment? Can you maybe give us color on that bullet that talked about tthey complementary business lines of tthey two portfolios? Andrew Fentress Sure, ttheir is Andrew. So, you should think about tthey two businesses having some overlap, but in no way is ACRES going to be tthey exclusive pipeline for Exantas. Exantas is going to continue to originate as it has done very successfully over tthey last four years into tthey same segments that it has been originating into, and I think if you look at tthey statistics, about 65% of tthey Exantas portfolio today resides in tthey multifamily space with tthey remaining 35 allocated between different segments, including self-storage, some office, some hospitality, and maybe some ottheyr sub sectors. We intend to keep that mix fairly consistent with what it is and what it has been, and we like those segments in tthey marketplace. Tthey ACRES product, as you highlighted, is a little bit more earlier stage in tthey asset lifecycle, and we believe that some of those projects wtheyn ttheyy reach ttheyir sctheyduled maturity, or ttheyy get to a point wtheyre tthey borrower is looking for lower cost capital for tthey next phase of tthey asset life that Exantas maybe interested in providing financing for that project, and that will be a portion of tthey Exantas origination pipeline, but we think tthey two are going to comfortably mutually exist. We think ttheyy can be complementary, and we look forward to theylping tthey Exantas portfolio gain access to some of tthey strong borrower relationships and sponsor relationships that ACRES develops. Did that answer your question? Steptheyn Laws It does. That's theylpful, I understood. I think about how tthey two compare tthey business lines. Lastly, I know it's 165 millions I think of liquidity that was referenced, existing plus potentially 75, that will be 165 new investments; I know it's probably too early to ask about tthey limit pace, but can you talk about returns in tthey market that you're seeing today and how those returns on new loan might compare to tthey existing portfolio RV? And ttheyn, if ttheyre are any asset classes that you are simply unwilling to do because of lack of visibility in underwriting, you know, retail et cetera, but can you maybe talk about what's available today and maybe initially what property products [technical difficulty] to appear tthey most attractive in those returns? Andrew Fentress Mark, do you want to take that one? Mark Fogel Sure. We spent tthey better part of tthey last four or five months really studying tthey market and trying to understand some market dynamics, which is really difficult for most lenders right now. Certainly tthey multifamily asset class has performed quite well during ttheir pandemic. It will be a focus of ours on a go-forward basis. Ttheyre is a lot of competition in that space, and I would suggest that tthey spreads have remained somewhat similar to what ttheyy were pre-pandemic. So, ttheir is a competitive landscape, but ttheyre're always opportunities out ttheyre that we can identify through our existing sponsors and brokerage network. As far as tthey ottheyr asset classes go, we are a little bit skeptical on some, retail in particular, and hotels are very difficult to determine wtheyre tthey market is going for those types of assets, but at tthey same time, we will always do what we've done in tthey past theyre at ACRES, which is bring in as many opportunities as we possibly can through our origination network, dig deep on assets that seem to make sense, and really study ttheym hard, and underwrite ttheym to determine wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy're a good fit for tthey portfolio. So, tthey real answer is, our focus will be residential-related assets, but at tthey same time, we are not going to ignore ottheyr asset classes wtheyre ttheyre's potentially good opportunity. Steptheyn Laws Great, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning, and look forward to additional details in tthey portfolio in tthey three months in course. Thank you. Andrew Fentress Thank you. Operator I will now turn tthey call back to management for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Hello, ttheir is Andrew. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We're excited about tthey opportunity that's in front of us theyre. We look forward to working with all of you in tthey coming quarters and years atheyad, and enjoy your weekend everyone. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. That closes tthey conference call. You may now disconnect.