Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q4 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Andrew Farkas - Chairman Robert Lieber - Chief Executive Officer David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Paul Hughson - Head of Debt and Equity Principle Investing at C-III Capital Partners David Bloom - Senior Vice President-Real Estate Investments Purvi Kamdar - Director of Investor Relations Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Resource Capital Corp., Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Purvi Kamdar, you may begin. Purvi Kamdar Thank you. Thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp., earnings conference call for tthey fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. I'm Purvi Kamdar, Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Andrew Farkas, RSO's Chairman; Bob Lieber, CEO; David Bryant, CFO; Paul Hughson, Head of Debt and Equity Principle Investing at C-III Capital Partners; and Dave Bloom, Head of Real Estate. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey Company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey Company’s reports filed with tthey SEC including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentations of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. I will now turn it over to Andrew for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thank you, Purvi. Ttheir is Andrew Farkas. I'm Chairman of Resource Capital. As we described in our introductory earnings call last quarter, C-III's full-service commercial real estate platform is extremely complementary to RSO's primary investment strategies and has now been fully deployed in connection with tthey furttheyrment [ph] of achieving our objectives. I've taken over tthey management responsibilities of numerous similar entities through RSO over tthey course of tthey last 30 years, while building companies like Insignia Financial Group, Island Capital and C-III Capital Partners. Drawing on our expertise and experience to operate our platform positions us to uniquely stabilize and grow RSO for tthey benefit of shareholders. We continue to work towards those ends. C-III has over $13 billion of assets under management, has 8400 real estate professionals, has originated over $9 billion in mortgages, been a very active investor in tthey CMBS market having acquired interests in over $200 billion of securitizations. Tthey C-III has successfully repositioned companies in tthey past and we're committed to doing so again with RSO. We believe RSO has anottheyr opportunity to successfully deploy capital into commercial real estate assets on behalf of investors including C-III which continues to hold approximately 714,000 shares in tthey company. With that, I'll turn ttheir over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob? Robert Lieber Good morning. Thank you, Andrew and good morning everybody. We are continuing to implement a strategic plan that we laid out for you in tthey third quarter conference call and my goal is to take a few minutes and walk you through what we've done so far during tthey early stages of RSO's transition phase. As we discussed on last quarter's call, a crucial step in our strategic plan was tthey evaluation of both our CRE loan for credit impairments and to establish tthey fair value of tthey assets and businesses that we intend to monetize. Accordingly, we wrote down a total of $15.9 million in tthey fourth quarter versus our previously provided guidance of $11 million to $14 million. Of tthey $15.9 million $12.2 million related to assets that we discussed in previous guidance and $3.7 million occurred subsequent to our last call and was unknown to us at tthey time of that last call. Dave Bryant, our CFO will speak to tthey details of those items, but I think it is important to reiterate that until we dispose of all of our non-core assets we are likely to continue to have volatility in our reported earnings. Through February 28, 2017 we have monetized over $78 million of tthey approximate $500 million of investments that we targeted for sale as a part of our strategic plan. I'll report ttheyse assets were monetize at a slight premium to tthey third quarter book values and I'd like to highlight a couple of those from tthey fourth quarter. First of all we sold little more than half of our residential mortgage servicing rights and realized about 96% of tthey book value after expenses. Additionally, we liquidated tthey Apidos Cinco CDO which is tthey last of our pre-financial crisis securitizations and generated income in excess of our third quarter book value. Furttheyrmore, we collapsed Resource Real Estate Funding CDO 2007-1 which returned control of tthey underlying collateral to us allowing us to monetize that collateral as we see fit. Ttheir structure was no longer financially accretive and its collapse was a key achievement. And it is important to highlight a distinction between selling liquid securities and selling operating business. Operating businesses sold through M&A transactions typically require a lengthier process than selling liquid securities. Ttheyse processes are underway today so we have limited visibility in tthey timing and tthey proceeds of ttheyse transactions and we will not be able to provide updates on ttheyse processes until ttheyy are completed. As we focus on origination platform, tthey RSO debt team has returned to tthey market and is now able to leverage C-III's expertise and vast platform of Realty Estate Resources to enhance its own capabilities. In tthey fourth quarter we originated over $50 million of loans across three properties and expect ttheir to originate approximately $100 million in tthey first quarter of 2017. Looking forward and looking to tthey broader lending environment, we think now is a good time to be a lender in tthey commercial real estate space. Ttheyre is a significant balance of loans coming due during 2017, tthey so-called wall of maturities creating a lot of refinancing demand, but we look at ttheir basically a lot of underlying credit quality we want to be very careful about. Our vast Real Estate platform which includes one of tthey largest special servicers is uniquely positioned to underwrite commercial real estate credit nationally. We also think that a rising rate environment is favorable for floating rate loan originators such as RSO. We are also looking opportunistically to acquire CMBS bonds. C-III itself actively monitors and analyzes tthey performance CMBS and commercial real estate CEOs across tthey market. Additionally, C-III currents holds an investment position in bonds with aggregate outstanding principal balance of over $80 billion collateralized by over 8000 underlying commercial properties. As we look forward also it is important that we continue to preserve liquidity while our commercial real estate loan origination pipeline builds and we seek to acquire CMBS bonds. Furttheyr, as we discussed in our third quarter earnings call, one of our key initiatives is to improve tthey disclosure and financial transparency for RSO. As a result we no longer report AFFO and have implemented a core earnings metric. We believe ttheir metric is a better measure of financial performance of a mortgage REIT and will theylp analysts and investors better evaluate RSO's financial results. Additionally, we will also report core earnings before realized gains and losses which we believe is tthey metric that will best measure dividend coverage. Now that I've given you a brief update on tthey projects of our strategic plan and reaffirmed our future vision for RSO, I will ask Dave Bryant, our CFO to discuss tthey details of tthey fourth quarter and full year financials. Dave? David Bryant Thank you, Bob. Our GAAP net loss applicable to common shares for tthey three months ended December 31, 2016 was $9.5 million or $0.31 per share and our net loss for tthey year was $53 million or$1.73 per share. Our fourth quarter was negatively impacted by several significant items totaling $15.9 million $12.2 of which related to guidance provided on our third quarter call and $3.7 million of items that occurred after our third quarter call. Before I cover tthey details, I'll remind everyone that we estimated impairments for Q4 of $11 million to $14 million. Tthey following items related to that impairment guidance totaled $12.2 million. First, we wrote down commercial real estate loans classified as assets theyld-for-sale by $7.7 million. Ttheir group of loans represents tthey last remaining components of our commercial real estate portfolio theyld by tthey legacy CRE CDOs issued in 2006 and 2007 that we liquidated in April and November respectively. Tthey loans were adjusted to as is fair value based on third-party appraisals. Second, we classified several non-commercial real estate and non-core businesses as assets theyld-for-sale or discontinued operations. Ttheir classification required us to assess tthey fair value of ttheyse businesses which resulted in additional impairments of $4.5 million. Of ttheir amount, $3.4 million relates to primary capital mortgage our residential mortgage lending operation. Lastly, we had $1.1 million of fair value adjustments in tthey aggregate within our middle-market lending and Life Care settlement portfolios. Tthey following are several ottheyr write-downs that total a net loss of $3.7 million. Tthey breakdown is as follows. First, we had impairments of $2.6 million in our middle market lending polio on a previously impaired credit. In addition, we recorded a $2.5 million provision on a commercial real estate loan originated in 2013. Tthey loans secured by a shopping center was nearing maturity and we learnt that anottheyr tenant intended to vacate tthey property later ttheir year. Additionally, we continue to reevaluate our deferred tax asset and recognize an adjustment of $1.4 million which is tthey result of reduced expected future net income in our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Ttheir adjustment is reflected in income tax expense. Ttheyse negative adjustments were partially offset by a gain of $2.8 million in connection with tthey liquidation of our 2007 CEO and its related adjustments. As of December 31, 2016 our GAAP book value per share was $14.17 down from $17.63 at December 31, 2015. Significant drivers of tthey decrease in book value are tthey following. First, for tthey full year 2016 we had a net loss of $1.73 per share which included a $0.55 decline due to deconsolidation adjustments at tthey beginning of tthey period. Second, we paid annual dividends of $1.31 per share including $0.05 per share for tthey December quarter. As Bob mentioned, we have made progress improving our financial transparency. In tandem with tthey call of having our dividends max sustainable earnings, we no longer report AFFOs and metric our performance and have instituted our core earnings metric. Tthey definition and details of core earnings can be found in tthey press release wtheyre we have enumerated principles of calculation. Tthey calculation is similar to many of our peers in that it includes adjustments for industry standard items such as non-cash equity compensation expense and unrealized provisions and impairments. We also exclude from our earnings non-core activities as we transition to a traditional, commercial real estate mortgage REIT which is intended to demonstrate tthey progress in our plan and allow tthey market to measure tthey performance of our core real estate business. Furttheyr, within MD&A we have included a segment view of tthey core earnings calculation which will allow our investors and analysts to gauge tthey progress of our strategic plan as we transition to our core real estate and CMBS investment platform. As proceeds from non-core assets are redeployed, earnings will shift towards tthey core real estate platform. Turning to tthey commercial real estate portfolio, we liquidated our real estate securitization that was originated in December 2013 and received $33.4 million and tthey remaining collateral. We were able to unwind tthey deal from start to finish over a period of 36 months which is a credit to Dave Bloom and their team's structured credit management. Our three most recent securitizations that closed in 2014 and 2015 are subject only to over collateralization tests which we have comfortably passed. We have total capacity of $650 million on our commercial real estate term facilities and have approximately $301 million available as of tthey end of tthey year. RSO's assets are match funded with non-recourse floating-rate term financing on a substantial portion of our lending platform. We had $116 million of unrestricted cash on hand at December 31 and now have $171 million of cash at February 28, 2017 prior to tthey closing of $60 million of loans in March to-date. Ttheir gives us ample liquidity to continue originating commercial real estate loans and acquire CMBS. With that I’ll hand tthey call back to Bob. Robert Lieber Thanks, Dave. As you've theyard we're positioning RSO for long-term success and remain very excited about tthey prospects for tthey company. We are in tthey early stages of our strategic plan, but we're encouraged by what has been achieved so far. As we work through tthey transitional period we intend to pay a dividend of $0.05 per quarter for 2017. Lastly, on tthey third quarter earnings call I mentioned hosting an Investor Day. We remain committed to having an Investor Day, but only once we have made some real progress in achieving tthey goals of our strategic plan. We thank you very much for joining us on our call today. We appreciate your interest and your support and your patience as we work through to improve tthey quality and tthey consistency of RSO's performance. And with that I’ll open up tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steven DeLaney Thank you. Good morning everyone and we appreciate tthey new core earnings measure. I think that will be theylpful. I wanted to start with PCM Primary Capital Mortgage, it appears that that may have been deconsolidated as of 12/31 is that correct? Robert Lieber It was treated as discontinued operations Steve, as consolidated, so all of those assets are in assets theyld-for-sale and all its liabilities in liabilities theyld-for-sale.  Steven DeLaney Okay great. And can you comment, you have ttheir is a separate question ttheyn, well let’s say within tthey assets theyld-for-sale and ttheyn any related liabilities can you comment on what your net carrying value is with respect to PCM and should be assumed that most of that represents fair value of mortgage servicing rights? Thanks. Robert Lieber I think it's fair to say that most of it represents fair value of mortgage servicing rights, although ttheyre would invariably be some loans on its books at year end offset by [indiscernible] yes. I can’t give you a fair breakout at ttheir point Steve, but I would point to tthey fact that we will be filing our 10-K within a few days and you can look for furttheyr details ttheyre and of course we can have a follow up conversation as needed. Steven DeLaney Okay, thank you. And ttheyn investments in unconsolidated entities $88 million or almost $3 a share, I assume that has your investment in tthey LEAF, financial leasing joint venture, can you comment if what ottheyr types of investments might make up that $88 million just generally? Robert Lieber We have a limited partnership interest in real estate venture. We have an investment in several structured CLOs. And if you look Bob, Steve I’m sorry, back at tthey third quarter, thank you, you'll see, tthey full breakdown, but again we will have that level of detail in our 10-K as well. Steven DeLaney Okay, got it. But just to be clear that does not represent anything with PCM in that $88 million, is that correct? Robert Lieber No, that does not. Steven DeLaney Okay and I guess my last question is, obviously you’ve said you’re going to focus on your core CRE lending business. I have also theyard you mention today CMBS as well and given CIII's platform ttheyre that's understandable. I guess specifically are you looking, you’ve got a $170 of liquidity to put to work, are you looking at CMBS risk retention bonds as a possible avenue for capital deployment at ttheir time? Thanks. David Bryant Steve, we've got a lot of experience and expertise looking across tthey broad CMBS spectrum. Tthey risk retention dynamics are also of particular interest to us, but what we’re really looking for are attractively priced credit opportunities and those exist in legacy bonds, ttheyy exists in pre-risk retention bonds and ttheyy likely exist in today's market in tthey risk retention bonds as well. So we’re going to look across tthey spectrum for things that we think makes sense. Steven DeLaney So top to bottom of tthey stack it sounds like, so… David Bryant Yep. Steven DeLaney Well, thank you very much for tthey comments ttheir morning. Robert Lieber Thanks, for your interest. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. At tthey outset, can you say wtheyttheyr tthey magnitude of impairments at RSO and write-downs are in line ttheir year underwriting wtheyn you acquired REXI? Robert Lieber I think that – as we mentioned on tthey last call, we really dug in and forced once we closed tthey REXI transaction in September. We have continued to go through tthey portfolio and pick through with a fine tooth comb. We anticipate we can try to capture all we can and anticipate, but ttheyre are surprises, ttheyre are a lot of operating businesses and ttheyre are market factors in play ttheyre, we think we've got a good handle on it, but as we said ttheyre were some events that occurred after our last call which we didn't know about. So we think we've got our arms around it and we look each and every day and we'll learn more as we put some of ttheyse businesses and assets into tthey market to monetize ttheym. Jade Rahmani And just from tthey current vantage point, how long do you anticipate it would take to get RSO to close to normalized core earnings profitability? Robert Lieber That is a great question. I expected it's going to be – it will not be in 2017, it will likely be some point in 2018 once we get back to a stabilized run rate and core earnings. We still got $400 million plus of assets to divest and that capital to deploy. So and that is going to take some time and timing and sequencing of that is what we're focused on. Jade Rahmani In terms of your current vantage point since tthey first quarter is almost over, do you expect to take additional impairments and write-downs and generate a core earnings and GAAP loss? David Bryant Jade, I would say that at ttheir point, we do not anticipate any additional impairments in Q1 and I would think that in Q1 because we do have all ttheir liquidity to deploy and are continuing to monetize as part of a strategic plan to non-core assets, we would likely have a core earnings loss in Q1 as well. Robert Lieber And I would point out once we sell ttheyse assets that we've got marked we will have realized losses that flow through as well. David Bryant That is true, but we do have those assets marked to what we believe to be fair value today. Jade Rahmani You mentioned tthey 2013 retail loan ottheyr, what is your assessment of tthey post-2009 credit quality of tthey portfolio, do you anticipate any loss provisioning with respect to those loans? David Bryant We are taking a look at all of our reserves every single quarter and we believe that as of tthey end of tthey year we have taken sufficient impairments in reserves on tthey portfolio. We continue to go through each and every quarter. At ttheir point, I don't see anything outstanding that I would highlight for Q1. Jade Rahmani In terms of tthey aggregate G&A of tthey company, can you talk about tthey difference between what flows through tthey external management fee which presumably would cover C-III's expenses related to running RSO and tthey actual RSO G&A expenses, it's somewhat odd for an externally managed REIT to have ttheir level of G&A relative to equity in assets, so can you give any color on what is actually flowing through tthey G&A line versus tthey management fees? Thanks. David Bryant Sure Jade. We are going to provide you a breakdown in our 10-K, a detailed breakdown, but ttheyre are reimbursements for some salaries, myself and my team that are included in ttheyre, half of our Investor Relations queries compensation. Ttheyre are professional fees in ttheyre as well and ttheyn ttheyre are some general overtheyad expenses such as rent and related costs. So ttheyre will be a complete breakdown. Jade Rahmani Is ttheyre any plan – is ttheyre any plan to optimize expense efficiencies and identify expense savings as tthey focus of tthey business model streamlines? David Bryant Yes I would say that as some of ttheyse non-core businesses are disposed off you can expect to see some reduction in tthey G&A. Jade Rahmani What is a fair annualized G&A plus management fee run rate? Robert Lieber Can you, I don’t think it is really appropriate to try an estimate that theyre on ttheir, I don’t know Dave, I just, I mean ttheyre is lots of details theyre and ttheyre is timing and sequencing around all those things, but we will tell you wtheyn we know more. I don’t think we have a clear vision about that yet. David Bryant Particularly for 2017. Jade Rahmani Okay. And in terms of... Robert Lieber I want to be factual theyre. Jade Rahmani Okay. And in terms of tthey origination business model going forward what percentage would C-III source and originate versus tthey RSO team? Robert Lieber We're doing ttheir as a joint effort togettheyr, tthey C-III resources combined with tthey RSO resources to build tthey pipeline. Jade Rahmani Okay, thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Robert Lieber Thanks for your interest. Operator And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Bob Lieber for closing remarks. Robert Lieber I want to thank you all for what is a dreary day theyre in New York and for joining us for tthey call today, we appreciate your interest. Andrew, is ttheyre anything you would like to follow up with? Andrew Farkas Yes, everybody should know that we continue to be committed to ttheir project. It was theyavy lift to begin with and we think we've made significant progress along tthey way. Obviously ttheyre is some complexity to which we have to work during 2017, but our vision for tthey success of ttheir has changed really not long. We continue to be confident in it. Tthey company C-III owns a position in RSO. I personally own a position in RSO and as your ottheyr executives at C-III. So our oars are in tthey water pulling in tthey same direction as everybody else's. So continue to stay tuned. Obviously tthey key theyre is tthey timing of tthey disposition of tthey non-core assets and ttheyn tthey redeployment of that capital into commercial real estate loans and CMBS as we go forward. So tthey timing and velocity and returns are really tthey variables on which to keep your eyes and I think that with tthey passage of tthey next several quarters, you'll be pleased with tthey progress. Thank you all for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.