Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Purvi Kamdar - Director of Investor Relations Andrew Farkas - Chairman Robert Lieber - Chief Executive Officer David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Paul Hughson - Head of Debt and Equity Principle Investment David Bloom - Senior Vice President-Real Estate Investments Matttheyw Stern - President Analysts Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Resource Capital Corp's Q1, 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct tthey Question-and-Answer Session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Purvi Kamdar, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am you may begin. Purvi Kamdar Thank you. Thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp earnings conference call for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2017. I’m Purvi Kamdar, Director of Investor Relations. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey Company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey Company’s reports filed with tthey SEC including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentations of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. Let me now turn it over to tthey Chairman of RSO, Andrew Farkas for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thank you Purvi. Good morning everybody, we are theyre in New York having ttheir call with you. And with me today I have Bob Lieber who is RSO's CEO, Dave Bryant, who is tthey Chief Financial Officer, Paul Hughson, who is theyad of Debt and Equity Principle Investment and Dave Bloom, Head of Real-estate. Also with us today is Matt Stern who you recently read ttheir morning has been appointed as president of RSO and I want to take tthey opportunity to welcome Matt. For those of you who are not intimately familiar with tthey culture of Iron Capital and C-III Companies, I considered our management to be what we called mission deployable based on tthey status of any given projects or company in which we are working. RSO’s defensive and restructuring planning stage for RSO is pretty much over. So while we are continuing to implement liquidations of various different assets and non-core businesses it's time now to really turn our focus to tthey OpEx side, net income growth, capital based growth and we believe that Matt Stern is very, very well qualified to lead tthey company to ttheir end. Matt was one of tthey leaders of tthey M&A team wtheyn we acquired Resource America and they knows ttheir company like tthey back of their hand. He will be working hand-in-hand with myself and Bob Lieber who will continue as a Chairman and CEO respectively. So Matt’s position theyre should be considered something that is augmenting our skill set and not replacing tthey skill set, but having somebody who is going to wake up every morning and thinking about net income growth and capital growth is something that is now primary to tthey business plan in our next stage. During tthey first quarter RSO continue to execute on tthey strategic plan that we laid out in November 2016. Joining on tthey expertise and experience in C-III's establittheyyd full service platform, we feel that RSO is well positioned to dispose of tthey non-core businesses and investments and ultimately increase value for shareholders. Shareholders should note that tthey C-III management and RSO officers including myself own over 1.2 million shares in tthey company. So our ores are in tthey water pulling in tthey same direction as yours. Over my past 30 years in real-estate space, I have taken over tthey management responsibilities of numerous real-estate finance companies during tthey process of building each one of ttheym, ttheyse including Signia Financial Group, Island Capital and C-III Capital Partners. Previous experience and a dedication of our focused group of managers many of whom have 25 plus years tenure with me. We are confident we will be able to see ttheir plan through and continue to unlock value for investors. With that, I'll turn it over to our CEO Bob Lieber who will provide a more detailed update on tthey progress and tthey additional transparency to moving on forward on ttheir front. Robert Lieber Thank you Andrew and good morning everybody. I also want to welcome Matt to RSO team, I think they is going to be a great addition to what we are doing theyre. It has only been a couple of months, two months actually since our last call and we want to provide a brief update on our progress with tthey strategic plan. And since March 10 tthey time of our last call, we have monetize an additional 23 million of loans in securities, bringing tthey 2017 first quarter monetization to 56 million and total monetization to over 100 million of tthey 480 million of investment that we targeted to exit as a part of our strategic plan communicated last year. You may have noticed in tthey press release that we added an additional table titled Sctheydule 3, Strategic Plan Update. We have created ttheir table in an effort to improve tthey transparency and allow tthey market to track tthey progress of our strategic plan. As we move forward, ttheir table will provide a status update on wtheyre we are in divesting non-core assets and tthey results of those efforts. Tthey table breaks out tthey various categories of assets that comprise tthey total 480 million and I would like to take a moment to talk you through tthey layout of tthey table. Again it's on Sctheydule 3, which is towards tthey back of tthey earnings press release and tthey column will show you tthey components by category and tthey 480 million which were tthey asset that we laid out to be liquidated overtime. As we move from left or right across tthey page tthey second column shows tthey impairments of and/or ottheyr unrealized adjustments that have not yet been monetized by tthey company totaling about 41 million. Tthey middle column provides realized losses and recognized interest income on assets that have been monetized or exceeding totaling about 8 million. Tthey column title Monetized Through March 31, 2017 shows proceeds received from tthey monetization and exiting of ttheyse assets and tthey final column on tthey right provides tthey current book value of tthey remaining identified planned assets. Ttheyre may be question about that and Dave will go into more color behind those number if you have questions about that. But our goal theyre is to improve tthey transparency about tthey disposition activities and I do want to take tthey chance though to remind everybody that tthey timing and proceeds from ttheyse activities is unpredictable. Liquid securities can be sold wtheyn we see favorable pricing in tthey markets and we have or wtheyn we see required additional sources of liquidity. However, tthey process for disposing of tthey legacy CRE loans and operating businesses maybe lengthier and is not as much that we can share about tthey progress until ttheyse transactions are actually complete. I’ll note, in tthey first quarter of 2017, we did monetize one of our theyld-for-sale CRE loans and reported a $7 million GAAP gain, tthey $32 million was written down to $14 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2016 based on appraised value, and we are fortunate to receive proceeds of $21 million on ttheir loan during tthey first quarter. We are extremely pleased with our real-estate team was able to negotiate a discounted payoff in excess to tthey appraised value ttheir successful result is indicative of tthey experience of our real-estate mortgage team as well as C-III special servicing business, which has resolved greater than $50 billion commercial real-estate loans over tthey past several years. In terms of deploying proceeds from monetization, tthey RSO commercial real-estate debt team is in tthey market and beginning to gain traction again. Borrowers have not viewed RSO as a viable source of financing, while Resource America was engaged in tthey process to explore strategic alternatives. In tthey first quarter, RSO originated six new loans with an aggregate committed balance of approximately $130 million. With five new loans totaling approximately $100 million in process today, we note that our origination pipeline continues to grow. Tthey market for RSO's traditional bridge loans remain strong as well as ottheyr CRE debt investment is strong and our team is fully engaged and sourcing new opportunities. Tthey RSO's existing origination channels are fully activated and tthey broad C-III network has come togettheyr to provide new opportunities for tthey RSO platform. Tthey origination trajectory is positive with deal flow increasing month-over-month and we will continue to report originations on a trailing basis wtheyn we can speak with specificity about tthey quarterly and year-to-date production. A comment on tthey market, despite an increasingly competitive market out ttheyre today, we believe that opportunities do exist to deploy proceeds into attractive yielding and investment opportunities and our pipeline will grow overtime. That said, we will continue to exercise tthey credit discipline that is tthey foundation of C-III's platform and tthey management team's track record. Lastly, we are stabilizing book value, which was an explicit stated objective of ours last year. We advice that we intended to declare $0.05 per share per quarter dividend for each quarter during 2017 and to put ttheir book value in some context ttheir was tthey first period since September 2014 that RSO's quarter-over-quarter book value remained flat. We are keenly focused on preserving tthey maximizing shareholder value and see ttheir as a good trend. Now, I'll ask Dave Bryant our CFO to discuss tthey financial results. David. David Bryant Thank you Bob. Our GAAP net income eligible to common shares for tthey three months ended March 31, 2017 was $2.7 million or $0.09 per share. At March 31, our GAAP book value per share was $14.60 relatively flat as compared to $14.17 at December 31, 2016. Tthey quarter-over-quarter decrease in book value can be attributed to tthey following. Net income of $0.9 per share offset by a common dividend of $0.05 per share and $0.05 per share associated with restricted stock divested during tthey period. We reiterate that ttheir dividend guidance of $0.20 per common share for 2017 is expected to theylp minimize any book value degradation as we continue to execute on tthey strategic plan. As Bob mentioned, we have monetized $100.3 million of assets since announcing tthey strategic plan including $55.6 million during tthey three months ended March 31. Proceeds during those three months ended include 21.3 million from our legacy CRE loan portfolio, 15.8 million from our commercial finance segment, 13.6 million from a partial liquidation of [Pelium] (Ph) Capital Partners, which is unconsolidated subsidiary and 4.9 million from our middle market lending segment. Tthey supplemental sctheydule we have included in tthey earnings release provides additional details on ttheir activity and that current carrying value of tthey remaining assets, we anticipate disposing of over next several quarters. Approximately 93 million of tthey remaining 331 million carrying value of identified assets or liquid assets and securities and tthey balance is comprised of legacy CRE loans and non-core businesses that we will of course look to maximize value on. On our last call, we introduced core earnings, and we have enumerated tthey principles of tthey calculation in ttheir earnings release. I'll take a minute to recap ttheir metric. We adjust net income by removing results from all non-core assets, which includes those classified as discontinued operations and assets theyld-for-sale. Moreover, tthey calculation also includes adjustments for industry standard items such as non-cash equity compensation expense and unrealized provision and impairments. As a reminder, we have also included a segment view of tthey core earnings calculation that allows investors and analyst to gauge tthey progress of our strategic plan as we transition to a CRE debt investment platform. We had a core earnings net loss of $0.11 per share down from tthey loss of $0.12 to tthey fourth quarter of 2016. We expect to see ttheir trend improve as we monetize additional assets and reinvest those proceeds into CRE debt oriented investments. Turning to our commercial real-estate portfolio, our three most recent securitizations that closed in 2014 to 2015 are subject only to over collateralization tests, which we have comfortably passed. Tthey existing vehicle financing our commercial real-estate loans continue to perform well and have produced reliable cash flow. We have total capacity of 615 million on our commercial real-estate term facilities and have approximately 213 million available at March 31. We are match funded with non-recourse floating rate term financing on a substantial portion of our lending platform and look forward to issuing a new CRE securitization in tthey near future as and if market conditions permit. We also expect to utilize our warehouse lines to allow us to refinance assets from 2014 vintage CLO that has deliver. Furttheyr, our 1.3 billion commercial real-estate portfolio is substantially all floating rate self originated home loans. During tthey three months ended march 31, 2017 we closed six new commercial real-estate loans with a total commitment of 128.9 million and an average loan balance of 21.5 million. Our GAAP leverage stands at 1.8 times down from 1.9 at December 31. Tthey decline was a result of net pay downs of 59.7 million on our liabilities offset by an increase in our book value of $2.1 million. We remain focused on tthey execution of tthey strategic plan. We believe that we had ample liquidity to fund tthey business on a going forward basis. As Bob just mentioned, we expect to deploy ttheir liquidity judiciously in risk adjusted, higtheyr yielding commercial real estate debt and debt securities. With that, my formal remarks are completed and I'll hand tthey call back to Bob Lieber. Robert Lieber Thanks Dave. And thanks to all of you for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest and support and we want to reiterate that 2017 is a transition year and maybe bumpy, but as we continue our efforts to refocus tthey investment strategy of RSO, restructure tthey balance ttheyyet and increase our commercial real-estate debt originations and execute on our strategic plan we are optimistic about tthey future. With that ,I will open up tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Robert Lieber Okay well again, thank you all if you do have questions that come to you after you have gone through any of tthey materials we have provided don't theysitate to call, we are happy to discuss with you our progress and our goals for RSO and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Andrew Farkas Thanks everybody very much. As Bob said, we are constantly available. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.