Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call March 8, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Andrew Farkas - Chairman Bob Lieber - CEO Matt Stern - President Dave Bryant - CFO Paul Hughson - EVP Commercial Real Estate Lending Business Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Operator Good morning and thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call for tthey Fourth Quarter and Year-ended December 31, 2017. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir call, tthey words beliefs, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and belief and are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call, our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. I would now turn it over to tthey Chairman of RSO, Andrew Farkas for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. I apologize as my line is a little bit scratchy. I had to call in from a cellphone. With me today are Bob Lieber, who is tthey CEO of RSO; Matt Stern, President of RSO; Dave Bryant, who is tthey CFO of RSO; and Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending at RSO. Finally, Andy Karr, who I'd like to introduce as RSO's new Head of Investor Relations. In 2017 and already early in 2018, we made significant progress in positioning Resource Capital into competitive progression vehicle capable of producing sustainable core earnings and delivering long term shareholder value. I am pleased to report that we are substantially through ttheir strategic plan and solemnly believe with risky [ph] to tthey non-core assets. 2017 commercial real estate loan originated volume was up over 300% as compared to 2016 and CMBS investments by face amount were approximately $200 million greater than 2016. We expect ttheyse investments to make meaningful contributions to core earnings in 2018. As we continue to improve operations and position RSO for tthey core earnings growth, we've also made significant progress in adjusting tthey company's capitalization with full redemption of our preferred Series A and B shares in early 2018. On our team's first RSO earnings call, we said 2017 will be a transition year and we believe that our efforts during ttheir past year will begin to bear fruit later in 2018. With that, I turn it over to our CFO - sorry, CEO, sorry about that Bob. Bob Lieber. Bob Lieber Good morning, Andrew and good morning, everybody. Thank you. I want to start off by highlighting tthey significant shift in tthey asset base in our balance ttheyyet compared to wtheyn we took over 15 months ago as a result of tthey implementation of our strategic plan. Tthey equity allocated to core investments has increased to 84% as of year-end 2017 up from 46% a year ago. We summarized ttheir and sctheydule through tthey press release we've sold $343 million or just over 70% of tthey $480 million of assets fee non-core under tthey strategic plan and realized proceeds of about $364 million, which is obviously well in excess of book value. Our initial guidance of exiting ttheyse assets identified in tthey strategic plan over an 18-month period remains on track. That now withstanding a few ottheyr remaining investments included may require a little more time in order to get tthey best execution and maximize tthey proceeds for our - so but we expect to be substantially completed within that timeframe. And next, I'd like to highlight certain key items relating to our earnings and Dave Bryant will detail more ttheir in their comments in a few minutes. But first I'd like to discuss tthey impact that redeeming tthey Series A and Series B preferred shares has on our earnings power. Core earnings for tthey fourth quarter excluding charges related to tthey redemption of our preferred shares were minus 1 penny for tthey fourth quarter. As Andrew mentioned by tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2018, we will have redeemed all tthey Series A and Series B preferreds and by eliminating tthey dividend requirement of those tthey entire class of those shares our common equity picks up $0.44 of earnings per annum or $0.11 per quarter. And from ttheir base, tthey goal is to grow core earnings, and ttheir is really a function of prudently deploying our existing capital base including what we would expect to be approximately $225 million of incremental equity capital, including proceeds from tthey $104 million remaining of our strategic plan assets. That said, tthey timing of and tthey proceeds from tthey last asset sales in tthey strategic plan are unpredictable and maybe lumpy and loans originated in 2014 and 2015, which were theirtorically RSO's two strongest origination years are now approaching ttheyir initial maturities and ttheyse loans maybe paid off or extended. We expect that tthey common dividend per share will remain at $0.05 for tthey first quarter of 2018, future dividends will generally be informed by core earnings. And as core earnings visibility improves over tthey course of 2018, we will continue to discuss tthey dividend policy with our board and update you all as appropriate. Now turning to tthey balance ttheyyet for a second, as we continue to recapitalize tthey right-hand side of tthey balance ttheyyet and to decrease tthey company's cost-of-capital. And as a consequence of ttheir, we have incurred and will incur in tthey future certain one-time accounting charges. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, book value was $14.46 per share, which was down slightly from $14.91 at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Looking forward, we expect book value to stabilize around $14 per share as we complete tthey balance of tthey execution of tthey strategic plan and account for ttheyse one-time accounting charges such as those related to tthey preferred share redemptions, I discussed. I want to reinforce that ttheyse accounting changes are not related to investment or operating performance. Tthey preferred shares that we've redeemed were issued at a discount and redeemed at par, which gives rise to tthey one-time charges under GAAP reporting, even though tthey redemptions are favorable to our common shareholders. In closing, we continue to be pleased with tthey results and tthey strategic plan and are optimistic about tthey future of tthey company. Looking back, book value has stabilized, our corporate cash cost to capital has decreased by nearly a 130 basis points as a result of reducing or eliminating expensive components of our capital structure. Loan origination and CMBS volumes are meaningfully increasing and adjusted core earnings have trended in tthey right direction. In second quarter of 2017, core earnings were negative $0.10 a share, in tthey third quarter were negative $0.09 a share, and for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 are negative $0.01 for tthey quarter. Investment activity has continued to be refocused on commercial real estate credit, which is a core competency of C-III Capital Partners and we'll use ttheir to fuel tthey growth of our core earnings. We are very pleased about tthey trajectory and tthey momentum behind tthey company and its ability to deliver long-term shareholders value. And with that, I'd like to turn ttheir over to Matt to detail some more of ttheyse components. Thanks, Matt. Matt Stern Thank you, Bob and good morning everyone. I'd like to begin with our origination and investment activity. In 2017, we closed on $600 million of loan commitments and acquired $212 million base amount of CMBS. For tthey fourth quarter of 2017 alone, we originated $229 million of transitional CRE loan commitments with tthey weighted average spread of 426 basis points over 30-day LIBOR. Our CRE loan origination team continues to see improved deal flow and we are confident that tthey recent growth of our origination volume will continue. I am pleased to report that our second half of tthey 2017 loan origination volume of $387 million exceeded tthey guidance of $350 million that we provided to tthey market during our third quarter earnings call. At December 31, 2017, our commercial real estate loan portfolio is comprised of $1.3 billion of floating rate self-originated home loans. As a floating rate lender, we believe our portfolio is well-positioned to benefit in a rising interest rate environment. Turning to our CMBS portfolio, we acquired $78 million face amount of CMBS bonds during tthey fourth quarter. RSO continues to benefit from one of C-III's core competencies of underwriting real estate credit and identifying good risk adjusted returns throughout tthey capital stack of CMBS trusts. During tthey fourth quarter, RSO acquired a non-investment grade CMBS bond as well as a CMBS BPs comprising tthey higtheyr yielding subordinated tranctheys of tthey CMBS trust. We believe CMBS investments particularly tthey low investment grade and more subordinated credit tranctheys provide attractive risk adjusted yields while adding meaningful diversification and duration to RSO's portfolio. Going forward, our goal is to make approximately $1 billion of commitments and investments in 2018. We would expect CRE loans to make up 70% or more of ttheyse 2018 commitments and investments. We believe ttheir investment goal as well as our plans to grow sustainable core earnings are achievable despite tthey current competitive market and while also maintaining our credit standards. Tthey next item I would like to discuss is our amended and restated management agreement. Effective October 1, 2017, RSO's base management fee will be fixed at an annualized rate of $11.25 million until December 31, 2018, at which time tthey base management fee will revert back to 1.5% of RSO's equity. To give some context for ttheir change, at tthey time C-III acquired RSO's manager, tthey annualized RSO management fee was greater than $13 million a year and at September 30th, 2017, tthey annual run rate fee was equaled to approximately $11 million a year. In light of tthey significant incremental resources that have been required to execute ttheir strategic plan and reestablish RSO's origination and asset management functions. Tthey board agreed that it was reasonable for compensation of tthey new manager to be fixed at ttheir level through December 2018, as tthey strategic plan is executed and finalized, and incremental resources are required. Now, I would like to discuss tthey changes for tthey incentive management fee calculation. At tthey board's request and following an analysis of market comps, tthey manager agreed to a 20% incentive over a 7% return hurdle versus tthey ttheyn current 25% incentive over an 8% return hurdle. Tthey amended capital base upon which tthey preferred return hurdle is calculated, has been changed from tthey weighted average issue value of equity raised since RSO's IPO to RSO's 3Q book value adjusted for tthey impact of resolving tthey remaining strategic plan asset. To provide some context, RSO's equity was raised by tthey prior management team at an average price of approximately $31 per share. Tthey issue with tthey pre-amended incentive management fee calculation was that tthey calculation of tthey incentive fee hurdle did not account for tthey fact that over half of tthey capital raised since tthey IPO has since been returned to shareholders via dividends in excess of earnings by previous management. Ttheir resulted in an incentive fee hurdle based on two times tthey amount of capital actually available to deploy by tthey company. Amending tthey capital base hurdle appropriately aligns tthey interest of tthey manager and our shareholders. Consistent with market terms, and tthey pre-amended agreement, ttheir capital base will also include tthey weighted average issue value of any equity raised in tthey future. I'd now like to discuss tthey progress we have made and improving tthey right side of RSO's balance ttheyyet. Finding tthey accretive assets in a competitive marketplace is challenging within expensive cost of capital and that is tthey reason we thought it was important to address tthey right side of RSO's balance ttheyyet. We have reduced our corporate cash cost of capital by nearly a 130 basis points from 7.59% to 6.3% since we became RSO's manager in September 2016. Ttheir includes 71 basis points attributable to tthey simultaneous issuance and redemption of convertible notes completed in August 2017. 15 basis points attributable to tthey 50 million Series A and partial Series B preferred redemption completed in January 2018. And 43 basis points attributable to $115 million Series B preferred redemption announced on February 21, 2018 and sctheyduled to occur at tthey end of tthey first quarter on March 26, 2018. Ttheir cost of capital improvement includes our convertible notes, trust preferred and preferred equity and excludes our asset level financing and common equity. By reducing tthey company's corporate cash cost of capital, we believe we will be in a better position to meet our accretive investment objectives for 2018 and beyond. We continue to evaluate ways to improve tthey company's cost of capital and look forward to discussing our progress with you in tthey quarters to come. With that, I would like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt, and good morning. Our GAAP net loss allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended December 31st, 2017 was $12.1 million or $0.39 per share. And our GAAP net income for tthey year ended December 31st was $5.7 million or $0.18 per share. Our net loss for tthey fourth quarter includes tthey following significant activity; a charge of $3.8 million with tthey redemption of all of our Series A and unfortunate of our Series B preferred stock, which represents tthey difference between tthey redemption price and tthey carrying value of tthey redeemed stock. A net loss of $3.3 million from discontinued operations primarily related to tthey wind down primary capital mortgage, a net loss of $1.7 million from our investments and all consolidated entities included in tthey strategic plan, and a charge of $1.5 million from a valuation adjustment to a CRE loan theyld for sale also included in tthey strategic plan. Also, a charge of $1.3 million from increased general loan provisions and finally, a legal expense $700,000 related to a shareholder class action settlement entered into after year-end. Tthey decline in our GAAP book value per share to $14.46 at year-end 2017 from $14.91 at September 30, 2017 can be attributed to tthey following. A net loss of $0.39 per share, and a common dividend payout of $0.05 per share and also a net decrease of $0.01 to ottheyr compretheynsive income from mark to market adjustments. Adjusting tthey book value at December 31, 2017, for tthey charge to be incurred in tthey first quarter on tthey March 2018 redemption of tthey remaining outstanding Series B preferred stock results in an additional decrease of $7.5 million or $0.24 per share of book value. As Bob discussed in their remarks, we expect our total assets to ratably increase as we finalize tthey execution of tthey strategic plan and tthey plan of proceeds into new CRE credit investments within market standard use of leverage. We received approximately $39 million of proceeds and saw tthey net value of tthey remaining strategic plan assets decreased by $45 million during tthey fourth quarter, including $18.3 million decrease in our investment in primary capital mortgage from $19 million to $700,000. With all of PCMs remaining financial assets under contract for sale is notable that PCMs netbook value includes $1.1 million of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey wind down of ttheir former operating business over tthey past six months represents a significant resolution to tthey volatility in our income statement and underperforming assets in our strategic plan. Our GAAP leverage stands at 1.7 times down from 1.9 times at December 31st, 2016. Tthey leverage decline was a result of net paydowns of $161 million and our borrowings and ottheyr liabilities offset by a decrease in our equity of $33 million. We had total capacity of $650 million on our commercial real estate term facilities and have approximately $358 million available as of year-end 2017. We anticipate that at least one of tthey two securitizations issued in 2015 will liquidate during 2018, which is an approximate 36-month CLO lifespan, similar to our recently liquidated 2013 and 2014 deals. We will target a new securitization issuance in 2018 as market conditions permit. We believe that we have ample liquidity to fund tthey business on a go forward basis. With over a $181 million of cash on hand at December 31st, 2017 we also have access on our CRE term and CMBS facilities to leverage newer investments in real estate loans in CMBS that are currently theyld unlevered. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bob for final comments. Bob Lieber Thanks, Dave. Andrew, did you have anything you wanted to close with. Andrew Farkas Yeah I'd like to congratulate management on tthey job continued to be well done, I think tthey performance of tthey enterprise continues to improve and as moving along with guidance and I appreciate tthey general following that we gotten from tthey market and I think you're truly [indiscernible] tthey results [indiscernible] over tthey course of tthey balance in ttheir year that will derived from all tthey work that ttheyy've done over tthey course of tthey last 18 months. I think with that, we should take questions. Bob Lieber Okay, operator, we'll open it up for questions, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney Good morning, everyone. And thank you for taking my questions. Matt, I would like to start with you on tthey origination side, obviously good momentum as you went into tthey end of tthey year. Could you remind us of what your platform looks like in terms of your number of office locations around tthey country and how many loan originators and support personnel do you have on that side of tthey business? Thanks. Matt Stern Sure. Paul, do you want to discuss just tthey magnitude of platform as a start? Paul Hughson Sure. So, we have an office in LA that's staffed with four folks, we've got an office in Philly that's staffed with two and ttheyn tthey C-III origination infrastructure coupled with tthey RSO underwriting infrastructure in New York has approximately 16 people wtheyre that's wtheyre tthey bulk of tthey originations in underwriting support derives from tthey platform. Steve DeLaney Great, thanks Paul. Look forward to meeting you sometime soon. Following up on that, Matt your comments about a $1 billion in 2018, 70% of that hopefully in new CRE loans. In 2017, you had some pretty significant originations, but given tthey level of pay-offs, tthey amount of portfolio growth was somewhat muted, do you have a sense of what pay-offs maybe in 2018 vis-à-vis tthey $700 million target that you've set for new CRE originations? Thanks. Matt Stern Yeah, sure. Just to clarify on tthey billion that was discussed, we expect that that would be approximately tthey floor for it, so it could be upwards of 700 on tthey loan side. In terms of portfolio growth, your comment is well taken. It is very difficult to predict precisely borrower behavior in terms of repayments but based on our analysis of expected repayments and tthey maturities of loans, we do expect to see meaningful portfolio growth through 2018 as a result of tthey guidance that we gave on aggregate originations. I think it's important to note that we just began tthey origination build for RSO and Earnest in tthey first quarter of 2017 and now that we are in a position to have a ramp that we do expect more significant portfolio growth net in 2018. Steve DeLaney Great. And as a rationale you guys have tthey capability to be involved in CMBS. Is one of tthey benefits ttheyre also just tthey longer duration of those assets versus tthey floating rates of senior loans, is that something we should keep in mind about why you should allocate capital to CMBS? Matt Stern Yes, it is precisely one of tthey reasons. Ttheyre are meaningful diversification benefits of tthey investment given tthey underlying credit that sits under tthey investment of that type and ttheyn you've touctheyd on something that we think is paramount for tthey business, which is an increase in longer duration to tthey asset base of tthey company, we think it's supportive both to tthey earnings base as well as future dividends of tthey company, so longer duration investments as a component of our asset base, we think is critical. Steve DeLaney Thanks. One final quick thing for Dave Bryant if I may and I'll sign off. Looking at tthey non-core cable of what is left, a $126 million. I'm seeing ttheir $10.5 million investment in unconsolidated entity I thought PCM was - is ttheir tthey carryover from PCM that wasn't off tthey books at year-end and if not, what does that represent? Thanks. Dave Bryant It is not PCM, Steve, it is essentially an investment in a theydge fund that RSO participated in that furttheyr liquidated post year-end and we're looking to liquidate tthey rest of it over tthey coming 30 to 45 days of cycle. Steve DeLaney Okay, very good. Thank you for your comments ttheir morning. Bob Lieber Thank you, Steve. Matt Stern Thank you. Operator And I am showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Bob Lieber for any furttheyr remarks. Bob Lieber Okay. Well, thank you all for participating, Steve thank you for your questions and if ttheyre are ottheyr questions to come up, don't theysitate to contact Andy Karr, who can get tthey appropriate response to you and we look forward to talking to you more on our next quarterly call. Thank you, all. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.