Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Brian Brennan - Vice President Mark Fogel - President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Steven Laws - Raymond James Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Operator Good day Ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q3 2020 Exantas Capital Corp Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Brian Brennan, Vice President. Thank you may begin. Brian Brennan Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn using ttheir conference call tthey word believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Form 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. In particular, tthey risk factors section of our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey generally accepted accounting principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today is Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, our CFO. Also available for QA is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of Exantas. I'd now like to turn over tthey call to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Today I will provide an update on tthey transition of tthey Exantas management contract to ACRES Capital, and discuss our key accomplishments to date. Dave Bryant will ttheyn discuss our financial statements and operating results for tthey quarter. I'm pleased to report that tthey integration associated with tthey July 31 acquisition of tthey Exantas management contract is complete. Since closing, our work is focused on enhancing tthey company's financial profile, stabilizing tthey existing loan portfolio, and positioning tthey company to restart originating loans. I'd like to highlight a few key accomplishments. First, tthey integration has gone very smoothly. ACRES brought over 18 individuals from tthey prior management and tthey combined team is working togettheyr seamlessly. Second, tthey ACRES team has continued our work on tthey underlying loans in tthey portfolio during ttheir challenging environment. We have taken a deep dive into tthey entire portfolio and have created a specific plan for each loan asset on our watch list. We are working closely with every borrower wtheyre we have executed a forbearance agreement or provided an extension to ensure ttheyir payments remain on track. Of tthey total portfolio of 105 commercial real estate loans, 18 have received some form of relief since tthey onset of COVID to reduce tthey credit risk, primarily due to pandemic related financial difficulties. With tthey exception of two loans, representing approximately 4% of tthey total portfolio, all of our loans are current on debt service payments through October 2020. While we believe we have proactively addressed tthey loans currently at risk, given tthey ongoing uncertainty, additional borrowers could face challenges in complying with tthey terms of ttheyir loans in tthey months and quarters atheyad. Additionally, several borrowers including many with multifamily and retail collateral pay down are fully repaid a total of $124 million of ttheyir loans during tthey quarter. We believe that tthey ability to refinance in ttheir uncertain environment speaks to tthey theyalth and quality of tthey assets underlying our loan portfolio. Third, in September, tthey company closed a CLO backed by $297 million of floating-rate commercial real estate first mortgage loan commitments originated or acquired by Exantas. With tthey proceeds from tthey CLO issuance and tthey liquidity from tthey senior secured facility, tthey company was able to pay off existing warehouse lines, which furttheyr reduced exposure to margin call risk. As of tthey end of October, tthey company had a cash balance of approximately $150 million and access to approximately $1 billion of financing capacity with which to restart loan originations. Fourth, with improved liquidity, tthey company resumed payment of cash dividends on its Series C preferred stock, including all tthey accrued payments. In terms of tthey common dividend, tthey company is taking all tthey steps necessary towards stabilizing tthey business and its capital position. Tthey board evaluates dividend policy on a quarterly basis. ACRES is now actively originating and underwriting new loan opportunities on behalf of tthey company. Tthey quality of opportunities has improved over tthey course of tthey quarter and into tthey current fourth quarter. We believe ttheir presents a compelling opportunity and we will remain highly disciplined in our approach. With our experienced underwriting team, we are focused on finding tthey ideal combination of location, assets and sponsorship. We look forward to reporting to you on our activity going forward. Tthey key driver for tthey ACRES acquisition of tthey Exantas management contract is tthey complementary nature of tthey platforms. Over tthey past eight years, ACRES has been a successful and growing balance ttheyyet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle-market sponsors in all major asset classes within tthey top 25 MSAs across tthey country. Tthey focus is on short term first mortgage loans in tthey $10 million to $80 million range. We believe many of ttheyse loans are potential candidates for tthey Exantas platform, which focuses on longer term loans. Tthey market and our borrowers have validated our thinking and are increasing tthey volume of business ttheyy seek to execute with ACRES. We are confident that ACRES' network will provide access to additional originations for Exantas as we work towards our goal of being a full end to end solution for middle-market commercial real estate borrowers nationwide. We will now have our CFO, Dave Bryant discuss our financial statements and operating results during tthey third quarter. Dave Bryant Thank you and good afternoon. I would like to echo Mark's sentiments about tthey team coming togettheyr and working seamlessly. Our third quarter results reflect tthey ongoing impact of COVID-19 as well as tthey positive progress we continue to make. Our GAAP net income allocatable to common shares for tthey three months ended September 30, 2020, was $5.6 million or $0.17 per share. Core earnings adjusted for $2.6 million in one-time costs related to tthey ACRES transaction were $5.7 million or $0.17 per share for tthey third quarter of 2020. Net interest income declined by $3.1 million for tthey third quarter, compared to tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey primary drivers of $2 million of tthey decline were tthey payoffs and pay downs of commercial real estate loans, a loan sale and tthey temporary pause in loan originations during tthey second and third quarters of 2020. Additionally, an increase in corporate interest expense on our 12% Senior unsecured notes issued in tthey third quarter contributed $1 million to tthey decline. Tthey weighted average spread on tthey floating rate loans in our $1.7 billion loan portfolio remained stable for tthey second quarter at 3.41% over tthey weighted average of one month LIBOR floor of 1.92% at quarter end, for a gross rate of 5.33%. Ttheyse LIBOR floors are in tthey money on all of our floating-rate loans. With one month LIBOR at approximately 15 basis points at tthey end of September. We expect to continue to see a meaningful benefit to net interest income as tthey forward LIBOR curve projects rates to remain low for tthey balance of 2020. All except two of our company's 105 commercial real estate loans were current on debt service payments through tthey end of October, including eight loans performing in accordance with forbearance agreements. We have provided relief in tthey form of short term forbearance agreements and ottheyr modifications on 18 loans ttheir year. Tthey implementation of CECL on loan loss reserves which applies to all mortgage rates and ottheyr financial institutions requires us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. In determining our expected credit losses we evaluate by property and loan site available relevant theirtorical and current loan loss data as well as future macroeconomic expectations provided by third-party economic experts. Tthey impact of CECL resulted in a total allowance for credit losses at September 30, of $52.9 million, or 3.2% on our $1.7 billion loan portfolio. Ttheir represents an $8.1 million reduction from our estimated loss at June 30, resulting from $124 million of loan payoffs, togettheyr with tthey anticipated improvement in macroeconomic conditions, and tthey related potential impact on our estimated credit losses. During tthey third quarter of 2020, we incurred $3.4 million of charges on a non-core legacy asset theyld for sale, primarily driven by $2.9 million valuation adjustment based on an offer received to purchase tthey property, tthey balances from protective operating advances and amortization of certain prepaid property expenses. GAAP book value per share rose slightly to $6.03 at September 30, 2020, as compared to $6.01 at June 30. Tthey increase to book value per share, driven by our net income during tthey quarter was largely offset by tthey net impact of tthey issuances of senior unsecured notes and related warrants to purchase common shares, which we had announced in August. Our GAAP debt to equity ratio decreased to 4.6x at September 30, from 5x at June 30, but increased from year-end 2019 due to tthey decline in retained earnings year-to-date. In September, we paid our commercial real estate term warehouse financing facilities down to zero and liquidated a 2018 CLO by refinancing tthey assets with our MassMutual Senior secured financing facility and a new CLO Exantas Capital Corp 2020-RS09. Tthey new CLO financed $297 million of commercial real estate loan commitment by issuing $275 million of notes, including $246 million issued to third parties, at a weighted average cost of one month LIBOR plus 3.13%. As a result of tthey new financing commitments and debt refinanced during tthey quarter, tthey company had $947 million of availability on its commercial real estate term warehouse and senior secured financing facilities and senior unsecured notes aggregated as of tthey end of September. At October 31, tthey company's available liquidity was approximately $225 million, including $150 million of unrestricted cash and $75 million of availability on tthey senior unsecured notes. With an enhanced financial profile, including improved liquidity and reduced margin risk, we are encouraged by tthey progress we have made in a short amount of time and look forward to continuing to build on ttheir progress as we move forward. With that, I'd like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steven Laws with Raymond James. Proceed with your question. StevenLaws Hi, good afternoon and congratulations. You guys have accomplittheyyd a lot. It seems like in three months from reading through tthey release and tthey updates. Mark, I guess first start with tthey comments around originations. You've got roughly $225 million in liquidity. Can you talk about what type of loans you're looking to do? Are ttheyre certain property types? Also as we think about tthey impact on tthey model, will ttheyse loans have any upfront origination fees or how do we think about how tthey new loans are going to impact tthey interest income line, any one-time fees ttheyre? DaveBryant Sure. It's Dave. How are you? I don't think tthey new loans will look dramatically different in nature compared to what's existing in tthey portfolio today. In ottheyr words, tthey lion's share of new loan origination will be residential related type assets. Right now our portfolio is about 55% to 60%, geared towards those types of assets. Ttheyn in tthey ottheyr asset classes, office, industrial, retail, hospitality, we're taking a hard look at a lot of tthey opportunities that are out ttheyre right now being very careful, taking our time and understanding what's going on in a lot of ttheyse markets and that will dictate tthey types of loans that we do. Will certainly stick to our knitting, which is to really focus on tthey credit quality of tthey assets versus pricing. As far as tthey origination fees go, it won't be that much different in nature than what exists in tthey book today. Meaning that tthey bulk of our loans have 1% origination fees. StevenLaws Great, that's theylpful. Can you talk a little Mark, towards tthey portfolio performance? I may have ttheyse numbers slightly off, but I think it's at all but 2 of tthey 105 loans are current. So you can really talk to tthey two that aren't and I believe in tthey release it said maybe 18 loans have experienced some type of modification. Correct my number ttheyre if I'm off. Can you talk about what tthey typical modifications look like? Are you seeing borrowers contribute more capital into tthey deals? Is tthey interest partial interest deferral? Can you give us some color on tthey type of actions taking place ttheyre? MarkFogel Sure. As far as tthey two loans that haven't paid one actually did pay subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter. So tthey only loan that has not paid is a deal that's being taken back through a deed in lieu of foreclosure. That is one in which we project some good value so we view that as a positive situation. But as far as tthey forbearance agreements go, tthey bulk of tthey forbearance agreements were put in place in August and September, and essentially gave borrowers a three-month reprieve. In a lot of cases on interest, in which cases tthey interest was tacked on to tthey principal balance of tthey loan. Tthey majority of tthey situations -- a lot of tthey situations have been resolved through a lot of hard work and effort on our asset management team. In that many of tthey loans were modified to include, as you suggested, equity infusion by tthey borrower. We're finding that tthey majority of our borrowers are standing by ttheyir loans. Ttheyy believe in ttheyir properties and feel like ttheyy just need some time to turn tthey corner. So ttheyy are infusing equity in tthey majority of cases. All of tthey deals that were in forbearance are performing in accordance with those forbearance agreements and all tthey loans that were modified are performing in accordance with those modifications. StevenLaws Great. Lastly, any comments around tthey common dividend eittheyr timing or what metrics we should look at to think about wtheyn and wtheyre that may be reinstated? I know you're current on tthey preferred, current ttheyre but any general comments around thoughts on tthey dividend? AndrewFentress Steven, it's Andrew Fentress. I'll take that one. As you highlighted, we did reinstate and pay tthey preferred dividends and tthey board went through tthey exercise of discussing tthey common dividend elected to pay in tthey period ending September 30. But as we said in our prepared remarks, we're going to evaluate wtheyre tthey company is from an origination standpoint, a liquidity standpoint and have a conversation again with tthey board at tthey next meeting, which will be really into January, early Feb for tthey Q4 period, and ttheyn have a conversation to make a decision on that point. Steven Laws Great, thanks, Andrew. I know clearly with tthey buyback announced you're looking at returning capital to shareholders that way and discounted books should be highly accretive ttheyre. So Andrew, Mark, Dave, thank you for your time ttheyre, appreciate it. AndrewFentress Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney with JMP securities. Please proceed with your question. SteveDelaney Hi, good evening everyone. Steptheyn took a couple of my good ones but I'm glad ttheyy got out on tthey table. Repayments, I agree with your comment Mark ttheyre that kind of assigned is good loans in tthey portfolio. Can you just share with us any visibility that you have for modeling purposes on repayments looking out over tthey next couple of quarters? MarkFogel It's hard to say. Tthey majority of tthey loans that repaid tthey past quarter were multifamily related assets. As you know, that's a very active market right now with Fannie, Freddie and just about anybody that's looking for good quality real estate. It's really hard to say at ttheir juncture what that might look like on a go-forward basis, given what's going on in tthey world. People are still a little bit wary, even on multifamily about tthey potential for tenants to not pay rent. I would think that it makes it difficult to analyze how a takeout lender might look at those types of situations and wtheyn ttheyse loans might get paid off. SteveDelaney Sure. Tying that uncertainty with your positioning to start looking at new opportunities, tthey portfolio is at $1.7 billion, to tthey extent that say between now and March, tthey year is almost over, to tthey extent that you have repayments, would it be reasonable for us to assume that you will look to find attractive loans to redeploy that capital so that tthey portfolio doesn't fall too much below tthey current $1.7 billion? Maybe anottheyr way to look at it is, How far would you let your portfolio contract before you would get serious about adding some new loans? MarkFogel No. Steve, we're actively looking at new loans right now. We have liquidity as Dave mentioned so we're not waiting for pay off to start tthey origination process. We're out in tthey market looking at deals but we're being very careful. We want to make sure that we bring in good quality assets into tthey portfolio at tthey right pricing to ensure that we don't have any problems down tthey road, but we are active in tthey market right now. SteveDelaney Well, thanks for clarifying that. We might even see tthey portfolio take up a touch over tthey next couple of quarters. Okay, great. Ttheyn ttheir is just a cleanup housekeeping for Dave. Tthey loan sale that you had in tthey quarter, Dave, should we assume that is tthey same loan theyld for sale loan that you took tthey $3.4 million write-down on? DaveBryant No, Steve. Let me clarify. Tthey loan sale that I referred to actually happened at tthey end of tthey second quarter. So what I was saying is, with tthey combination of tthey loan payoffs that you've theyard about tthey loan sales at tthey tail end of tthey second quarter, and tthey temporary pause that Mark referred to in loan originations, ttheyy all combined to explain our net interest income decline. So that loan was a $18 million loan and generated probably $250,000 of net interest income that we didn't have in tthey third quarter because it was tthey gone by tthey end of tthey second quarter. SteveDelaney Got it. Now tthey loan you did take tthey write-down on it sounds like that is a final write down in that tthey property was you got to bid for tthey property and it was sold so you're done with that asset? DaveBryant It's not yet sold. We're not done until we're done as we all know, but we're close and we would hope to get ttheyre by tthey end of tthey year. SteveDelaney Okay. Any furttheyr remaining legacy assets from tthey original Exantas strategic plan left on tthey books ottheyr than ttheir one? DaveBryant Ttheyre is one ottheyr fee that we had talked about last quarter, which was a discounted payoff to tthey borrower, wtheyre we took a specific reserve against it. We're still working our way through that asset. It's hard to say exactly wtheyn it will be disposed of but we are actively working on it. SteveDelaney Okay, so those two cleanup items, and you'll be done with all that. DaveBryant Correct. SteveDelaney Okay. Well, thanks. Appreciate your comments and good job. We'll look forward to hopefully tthey buyback will theylp with tthey stock price a little bit theyre over tthey next couple of quarters and keep up tthey good work. MarkFogel Thanks, Steve. Operator Since ttheyre no furttheyr questions left in tthey queue, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Andrew Fentress for any closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you very much for everybody joining tthey conference call and we look forward to updating you again for our fourth quarter results sometimes at tthey end of January, February. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.