ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Mark Fogel – President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant – Chief Financial Officer Kyle Brengel – Vice President Andrew Fentress – Chairman Conference Call Participants Rick Pleczko – Austin Ventures Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey First-Quarter 2022 ACRES Commercial Realty Corp Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session with instructions to follow at that time. If anyone requires assistance during tthey conference, [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey word beliefs, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. And in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of its Form, 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today, are Mark Fogel, President and CEO, and Dave Bryant, ACR'S CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. Today. I will provide an overview of tthey company's loan originations, real estate investments and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio. While Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition, book value, and operating results for tthey first quarter, and provide an update on 2022, projected results. Of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Tthey ACRES origination team delivered $99.9 million of new loan commitments in tthey first quarter, comprising three multi-family loans, loan payoffs during ttheir period were $92.3 million, comprising eight loans with weighted average rates of 5.33%. Ttheir net activity resulted in relatively flat production for Q1. Tthey newly originated loans pay coupon interest at tthey one-month benchmark rates, which comprise LIBOR and sulfur, plus a weighted average spread of 3.37%. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans in tthey company is $1.9 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio remained flat at 3.67% over tthey one-month benchmark rates. Tthey weighted average benchmark rate is 1.1% as of April 30th, 2022. We observed spread widening in tthey period and are mindful of furttheyr potential widening as we deploy capital on our way to getting tthey company fully invested. We plan to grow tthey loan portfolio net of repayments to have a loan book of at least $2.3 billion by year-end 2022. Additionally, our team completed $51.6 million of initial equity investments on two properties immediately following quarter-end, comprising a 388 key full-service operating hotel in Appleton, Wisconsin, and a student housing complex with approved plans to develop at nearby parcel into a 516 bed student housing property in Tallahassee, Florida. We expect ttheyse newest equity investments to deliver untaxed capital gains in tthey future using tthey company's capital loss carry forwards and create returns that can be reinvested into tthey loan origination pipeline once realized. Tthey company has $242 million of liquidity as of March 31st, sufficient to meet our goal of getting fully invested and maintaining ample reserves for any unforeseen market events. Tthey portfolio has continued to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and proactive asset management. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $1.9 billion of commercial real estate loans across 89 individual investments, of which only two comprising 1% of tthey portfolio were delinquent and one which was performing in accordance with a forbearance agreement. As of March 31, tthey number of watchlist loans has reduced to seven, representing 6.5% of tthey portfolio. We entered into a purchase and sale agreement for one of tthey two real estate assets acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. We expect that tthey net proceeds will approximate our carrying value wtheyn tthey sale has completed. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate, along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and tthey prospects for new originations and capital appreciation going forward. We will continue to execute on our business plan by originating high-quality investments actively managing tthey portfolio, and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for tthey company's shareholders. We will now have ACR'S CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss tthey financial statements and operating results during tthey first quarter of 2022. Dave Bryant Thank you, and good afternoon. GAAP net loss allocable to common shares in tthey first quarter was $2.8 million or $0.30 per share, compared to GAAP net income of $7.3 million or $0.76 per share in tthey fourth quarter. In tthey first quarter we recorded a reversal of general loan reserves of $1.8 million, compared to a $5.8 million reversal in tthey CECL provision in tthey fourth quarter. In addition, we charged off $2.3 million related to tthey settlement of a legacy loan which had been fully reserved. Reversal of general reserves reflects several factors. One, we have seen continued improvements in property level operations supported by a generally positive outlook in tthey macroeconomic environment. Two, our loan book is of newer vintage with over 70% originated within tthey last 12 months. Rate our loan portfolio is 73% multi-family, which has tthey lowest theirtorical losses of all asset classes for us, and those evaluated in tthey model that we used to support tthey CECL reserve. Tthey impact of tthey CECL estimate, and tthey charge-offs resulted in a total allowance for credit losses on March 31st of $4.7 million, which now represents 0.25% of tthey $1.9 billion loan portfolio at par. Net interest income was $7.8 million or $0.85 per share in tthey first quarter as compared to $11.9 million or a $1.25 per share in tthey fourth quarter. As a reminder, tthey fourth quarter results included $3.3 million or $0.35 per share of income related to loan payoffs. In addition, we saw loans with higtheyr coupons and base rate floors paying off as compared to newly originated loans. Ottheyr income includes a loan recovery of $630,000 wtheyn a middle-market loan in a business line that was disposed of several years ago. First quarter also included non-recurring charges of approximately $500,000 related to tthey retirement of convertible note debt and approximately $1 million for charges related to tthey termination of two static CLOs, including an interest expense. We also had a non-recurring, non-cash charge of approximately $700,000 for real estate depreciation. In addition, loans paid off in tthey first quarter of 2022 at rate flows of 1.89% contrasted with newly originated loans that had rate flows of eight basis points. Focusing on G&A, we have some seasonality in Q1 expenses. Specifically, we incurred 620,000 or tthey bulk of our audit expense during Q1 wtheyn tthey work was performed. In addition, we reflect tthey majority of our franctheire taxes in Q1, which was 140,000. Furttheyrmore, we had some unusual G&A costs related to tthey termination of CLOs, which totaled a 155,000 and ottheyr non-recurring items for 130,000. Ttheyse items combined to approximately 1.1 million. Wtheyn we consider ttheyse items, we expect a quarterly G&A run rate of approximately 2.4 to 2.5 million for tthey balance of 2022. GAAP book value per share increased to $24.10 on March Larry first 2022 from $23.87 wtheyn December 312021, tthey increase to book value per share for tthey first quarter was partially driven by $0.41 of per share accretion from common stock repurchases offset by $0.31 of GAAP net loss per share. During Q1, tthey company used $3.9 million of its board approved share repurchase plan of $20 million. Ttheyse repurchases redeemed 315 thousand shares and represented a 49% discount to book value per share on March 31, tthey GAAP debt-to-equity leverage ratio decreased from 4.0 times on December 31 to 3.7 times on March 31. Tthey recourse debt leverage ratio increased from 0.8 times on December 31st to 0.9 times on March. In February, tthey company repurchased $39.8 million of principal of tthey 4.5% convertible senior notes. We also redeemed tthey remaining $94.8 million and $142.4 million of principal of tthey senior notes in tthey 2020 RSO9 CLO and 2020 RSO8 CLO respectively. Tthey decrease to tthey leverage ratio and tthey increase to tthey recourse debt leverage ratios were primarily due to liquidation of tthey static CLOs coupled with related financing on tthey company's bank warehouse facilities. Available liquidity at tthey end of April was approximately $173 million, including approximately $30 million of unrestricted cash, $108 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets, and $75 million of availability on tthey 12% senior unsecured notes. Ttheyse components were offset by a working capital reserve target of $40 million. Looking forward, we currently project that tthey company will incur GAAP losses between $0 and $0.15 per share for 2022. Ttheir projected loss is primarily caused by depreciation and amortization related to tthey company's investments in commercial real estate properties. Ttheir represents an improvement over our projections given in early March. Tthey improvement is partially due to tthey decline in our CECL reserve from 35 basis points to 25 basis points during tthey period. Also, we've seen an increase in benchmark rates and tthey forward base rate curve forecast furttheyr increases compared to what was expected at year-end 2021, which has increased our net interest income projection. Our income projection remains subject to volatility from rate increases, loan payoff volume and ottheyr non-recurring or unexpected items that may arise. With tthey additional financing capacity provided by tthey close of tthey 2021 COOs, we expect net loan growth in 2022. We also anticipate that our real estate equity investments to maximize tthey utilization of tthey company's tax loss carry-forwards, ttheyreby growing earnings and book value as projected capital gains that can be retained in future years. To that end, we closed two new assets in tthey beginning of April as Mark discussed, and ttheyy are highlighted in our earnings presentation. Now I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, David we approactheyd tthey quarter with caution in anticipation of some spread widening and while not dramatic, we have seen spreads widen across tthey landscape and we're looking forward to deploying capital into tthey current quarter and in tthey back half of tthey year. Tthey portfolio remains sound with nearly all tthey watchlist names fully resolved and tthey company has ample liquidity to reach our target of being fully invested later ttheir year. Tthey ACRES platform continues to present interesting opportunities to evaluate, and our sponsor clients want to do more transactions with us. Our mission is to deliver shareholders value over tthey long term. We are focused on maximizing earnings, investing in high-quality assets, and strategically returning capital through share repurchases and dividends over time. Ttheir concludes our opening and prepared remarks and I will turn tthey call back to tthey Operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And ttheyre appears to be no questions at ttheir time -- actually we just got a question from Rick Scibetta with Austin ventures. Please proceed with your question. Rick Pleczko Ttheir is Rick Pleczko. I go back with ttheir company 10-years, not ACRES, but back to XEN and RSO I just watctheyd tthey steady decline and I'm not seeing any progress, but I'm just too stubborn because I actually was sold on ttheir and sold a lot of people on tthey common stock theyre. I'm just trying to figure out why is it so anemic on tthey trading? Wtheyn we're looking at -- what, tthey an average of 20,000 shares of -- Dave, that's almost like not even being ttheyre. Does anybody got a comment on that? Andrew Fentress Hey, Rick, ttheir is Andrew Fentress and I don't have a good answer for you, why ttheyre's tthey volume tthey trades on tthey exchange every day. As we've indicated on our balance ttheyyet, you can see ttheyre's just under 10 million shares outstanding. But I can't tell you as to why tthey volume does what it does. Rick Pleczko Any positive thoughts for tthey future? On dividends for tthey common? Andrew Fentress We're focused on returning capital to shareholders and wtheyttheyr or not that's coming through share repurchases wtheyre tthey company has an active share repurchase program in tthey market each day, and tthey number of shares were reported in tthey quarter. And so that's tthey best way that we can return capital to shareholders right now, is by repurchasing shares at tthey discount ttheyy're trading at and increasing book value, and ttheyn wtheyn we get through tthey NOL's, tthey plan is to turn tthey dividend back on. Rick Pleczko Okay. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Kyle Brengel Thank you everyone for joining tthey call. As always, our line is open. If anybody has any questions ttheyy'd like to talk to us about please reach out, and we look forward to speaking with everybody again soon. Operator That does conclude tthey conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.