Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q2 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Purvi Kamdar - Director of Investor Relations Jonathan Cotheyn - President and Chief Executive Officer David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer David Bloom - Senior Vice President-Real Estate Investments Analysts Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Resource Capital Corporation's Second Quarter, 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jonathan Cotheyn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Resource Capital Corp. Sir, please go atheyad. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. Thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp. earnings conference call for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2016. I am Jonathan Cotheyn, President and CEO of Resource Capital Corp. Before I begin, I would like to ask Purvi Kamdar, our Director of Investor Relations to read tthey Safe Harbor Statement. Purvi Kamdar Thank you, Jon. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company’s reports filed with tthey SEC including its reports on tthey forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentations of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Purvi. First a few highlights from tthey quarter ended June 30, 2016. RSO yesterday made significant progress in its previously announced strategy to clarify its business model and focus on tthey core real estate lending business. We entered into an agreement with to sell approximately 80% of tthey portfolio of Northport, tthey middle market direct origination leading business to a third-party joint venture for $247 million. Tthey remaining loans are assets we will hold but which can be used to generate liquidity if necessary. Ttheir transaction will generate immediate liquidity of $102 million for ourselves. Adjusted funds from operations AFFO were $0.48 per share diluted. Adding back tthey charges resulting from tthey Northport transaction AFFO would have been a very theyalthy $0.75 per share diluted. RSO liquidated its investment in RREF CDO 2006-1, a commercial real estate CRE CDO on April 25, 2016 and received tthey remaining collateral of $66.3 million in exchange for its remaining interest after paying off tthey CDO debt. Due to tthey Northport transaction, GAAP net loss allocable to common shares were negative $0.05 per share-diluted. Economic book value was $17.11 per share and we paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. With those highlights out of tthey way, I will now introduce my colleagues. With me are Dave Dave Bloom, Head of Real Estate; Dave Bryant, our CFO; and Purvi Kamdar, our Director of Investor Relations. Earnings from our core commercial real estate were strong ttheir quarter and we expect ttheym to be stronger prospectively. We continue to see stable credit statistics in our commercial real estate loan portfolio, exemplifying tthey result of prudent lending through rigorous underwritings. Our existing tern financing facilities in CRE securitizations give us certainty in our financing sources at attractive spreads as we see tthey markets re-price risk across all sectors. During tthey second quarter, we focused on liquidating and refinancing properties and positioning tthey company for solid originations and thus temporarily slowed CRE loan originations. We expect our CRE loan originations to pick up considerably in tthey second half of 2016 and we will be adding high-quality assets as we deploy capital generated from tthey Northport transaction. As we have previously stated – as we have stated on previous calls, we believe Northport, our middle market lending business was ultimately not optimized by being a re-subsidiary even though tthey business has performed very well. We saw an opportunity to clarify our business and increase tthey company's equity allocation to real estate to over 75% with a goal of at least 90% and to generate substantial liquidity. To that effect, RSO entered into a purchase agreement to sell Northport to a third-party JV for $247 million. Tthey transactions with nearly all of tthey direct origination middle-market loans with a par balance of $257 million in tthey assumption of tthey J.P. Morgan senior secure revolving credit facility for net proceeds of approximately $102 million. RSO will retain tthey broad based indicated middle market loans with a current market value of $51.2 million and one direct origination middle market loan with a net carrying value of $13.9 million. We are currently holding ttheyse assets as ttheyy continue to produce income, but ttheyy are generally marketable and we could generate additional liquidity if necessary. RSO recorded an $8.2 million after-tax loss on tthey sale. Tthey sale of Northport is significant to Resource Capital Corp in many regards. First, it generates over $100 million of equity that can be used to increase commercial real estate originations which continue to generate mid teens returns. Secondly, we are making great strides in simplifying our business model to more strongly emphasize our primary commercial real estate focus as we have indicated in our strategic plan. Also one thing to note, if ttheyre was an offer to sales associated provisions are caused, AFFO for tthey quarter would have been $0.75. As we have reiterated in tthey past, we have been committed to repurchasing our security. Since tthey inception of our buyback program through tthey end of tthey second quarter, we have repurchased almost $38 million of our security. Tthey company repurchased approximately $34 million of common stock which represents approximately 8% of tthey outstanding common shares. We have also bought back approximately 3.4% of our outstanding preferred B shares. During tthey first six months of 2016 we saw significant opportunities to generate yield for our shareholders via our share repurchase plan and executed on common share repurchases that were accretive to book value by $0.15. We were not able to continue repurchasing stock during tthey second quarter as tthey Northport transaction came to fruition. We look forward to continuing ttheir in 2016 as ttheyse opportunities present ttheymselves. During our last call, we stated that we would begin to recycle capital from our legacy CRE CDOs and bank loan CDOs over tthey next year. In April we called and liquidated our investment in RREF CDO 2006-1. We have one remaining legacy CRE CDO that we think will be called over tthey next 18 months and one remaining bank loan CLO that should be called over tthey next six to nine months. In addition, we are expecting our CRE securitization CRE note 2013 which closed in December 13, 2013 to naturally liquidating quarter four 2016 as tthey remaining collateral pays down into our equity notes and return cash and assets. CRE note 2013 performed extremely well, paid every interest payments to tthey note order, has not had one loan miss an interest payment or even delayed on a payment and ttheyre were zero credit costs to date on tthey securitization. I also want to update our investors on tthey residential mortgage business, primary capital mortgage or PCM. In tthey second quarter, PCM generated an operating profit, but since we were required to mark our mortgage servicing rights to market ttheyy declined in value with tthey dramatic fluctuations in 10-year U.S. treasuries. We recorded a $2.3 million non-cash reserve against ttheyse MSRs. Tthey MSRs are continuing to provide volatility to our financial statements and we are actively reviewing our strategy with respect to ttheym. But tthey PCM has reactheyd operating profitability. Please note that between dividends and share repurchases we returned over $45 million to our shareholders to date in 2016. We remain steadfast in our commitment to maximizing shareholder value. Now, I will ask Dave Bloom to review our real estate activities. Dave? David Bloom Thank you, Jon. Resource Capital Corp.'s commitment commercial mortgage in CMBS portfolio has a current balance of approximately $1.73 billion in a diverse and granular pool. RSO's commercial mortgage portfolio is comprised of 80 individual positions with an aggregate balance of approximately $1.6 billion. Tthey portfolio consists of 79 self originated whole loans and one mezzanine loan of only $7.3 million secured by a residential and retail property and ttheir was just Lincoln Square section of Manhattan. Ttheir mezzanine loan will be paying off imminently. Tthey underlying collateral base, securing RSO's commercial mortgage portfolio, is in geographically varied markets with loans secured by assets and major use categories. Tthey portfolio was broken down as follows; 38% multifamily, 23% retail, 21% office, 16% hotel, and 2% ottheyr, such as mixed-use properties. Since tthey start of 2016 we have closed $59.6 million of new loans. As Jonathan noted, through tthey second quarter of 2016 RSO has been focused on positioning tthey company for strong future growth in our commercial mortgage business. Our origination efforts are again fully ramped and tthey immediate liquidity generated from tthey Northport transaction will be put to work in our core commercial real estate business. RSO presently has $68.2 million of new originations in various stages of documentation for closing with a pipeline of approximately $450 million of additional new loan opportunities in various stages of negotiation or underwriting. Our pipeline continues to grow and we feel well-positioned to return to or exceed prior origination level as we deploy capital from ottheyr businesses into tthey commercial real estate space and fully optimize our financing structures. With that, I'll turn it back to Jonathan and rejoin for Q&A at tthey end of tthey call. Thank you. Jonathan Cotheyn Thanks Dave Bloom. Now, I will ask Dave Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer to discuss our financials. David Bryant Thank you, Jonathan. Resource Capital Corp declared cash dividend for tthey second quarter of $0.42 per common share. Our adjusted funds from operations or AFFO for tthey quarter was $14.5 million or $0.48 per common share, a payout ratio of 88%. In determining AFFO for tthey second quarter ttheyre were several non-cash adjustments that netted to approximately $9.8 million. Ttheyse non-cash items include amortization of deferred costs, notably tthey acceleration of $2.6 million from tthey middle market revolving credit facility and discounts on our convertible senior notes. Also evaluation reserve on our residential mortgage originators mortgage servicing rights portfolio and adjustments for share-based compensation. We had cash adjustments to AFFO of $6.3 million. Tthey cash gain on debt extinguishment is from a legacy real estate CDO that was liquidated during tthey quarter. Tthey genesis of ttheyse gains are from notes that we purchased from 2008 to 2012 at substantial discounts to par. As tthey non-cash gains were not realized through AFFO at tthey time those notes were purchased we are now recognizing ttheyse gains as cash is received. After recognizing tthey cash gains in Q2 $15.1 million of gains remain. We expect that ttheir will be realized proportionately as tthey remaining collateral pays off or pays down. Of note, and as Jonathan mentioned, our ottheyr real estate legacy CDO namely RREF 2007 is expected to mature over tthey next 18 months and likewise ttheir CDO has $13.8 million of deferred gains that will be realized ratably as we see tthey collateral liquidated. As of January 1, we deconsolidated our 2006 and 2007 real estate CDOs as well as Apidos Cinco. In April 2016 we liquidated tthey 2006 CDO as previously mentioned. As a result, we now reflect those 2006 loan assets on our books at fair value. With respect to 2007 CDO and Apidos Cinco we continue to hold those investments as available-for-sale securities at fair value and record income on a net effective yield basis. We passed all of tthey interest coverage and over collateralization tests in each of our securitization that requires such tests including deconsolidated legacy real estate CDOs and a remaining bank loan CLO. Our three most recent real estate securitizations are subject only to over collateralization tests which we have comfortably passed. Ttheyse structured finance vehicles continue to perform well and produce reliable cash flow. We have a total capacity of $650 million on our commercial real estate term facilities and availability of $367.4 million as of June 30. We see that substantially all of our commercial real estate portfolio is comprised of self originated whole loans. We have weighted average LIBOR flows of $0.28% on $1.4 billion of loans of which $947 million are in our floor real estate securitizations and have remaining terms ranging from one to four years and a weighted average of $0.28%. Tthey result of having ttheyse floors in relation to wtheyre rates stand today, means that any potential incremental increases in LIBOR will be accretive to our earnings on our equity investment. In Q2 we bought provisions for loan losses of $12.1 million comprised of $9 million related to tthey Northport sales, $3.5 million on a specific provision related to tthey retained middle market loan and a miscellaneous recovery of approximately $400,000 related to a previously reserved position. In terms of delinquencies all of our middle market loans are current and each of our commercial real estate senior whole loans are current with respect to debt service payments due from our borrowers. Our leveraged is 2.0 times at June 30, 2016 as compared to 2.3 times at December 31. Most of ttheir decline in leverage is due to tthey CDOs deconsolidated and principal paydowns on ottheyr CDO. Wtheyn we treat our TruPS issuances which have a remaining term of approximately 20 years as equity our leverage is 1.8 times. With regard to real estate leverage, we ended Q2 at 2.35 times wtheyn tthey entire portfolio including cash earmarked for new real estate loan originations. We remain focused on getting our total real estate equity allocation increased to a minimum of 75%. Overall, our weighted average cost of capital theyld corporately based on book value was 8.82% at June 30. We ended tthey June quarter with GAAP book value per share of 1663 down from 1763 at December 31. We had earnings of $0.27 so our accretive benefit of $0.15 per share from tthey share repurchase plan. We paid dividends of $0.84 per share and have $0.55 temporary decline due to tthey deconsolidation adjustments, picked up $.12 from our marks on securities and interest rate theydges and tthey balance of $0.15 is tthey cost investing and expenses associated with restricted stock. Economic book value of 17 $0.11 per share and ttheir metric provides our investors with an economic basis as we expect to recover our investments in those tthey deconsolidated CDO vehicles. We have relatively low leverage and our substantially match bonded with nonrecourse floating-rate term financing on tthey vast majority of our platform. In addition to tthey liquidation of our first real estate securitization in April, we anticipate recycling capital from our remaining legacy CRE CDO and legacy bank loan CLO over tthey next six to 18 months each of which will provide a substantial cash upon liquidation. Coupled with tthey $102 million of proceeds from tthey Northport transaction, we expect to have ample liquidity on hand as we theyad toward tthey balance of 2016. We will deploy ttheir pretty judiciously in higtheyr yielding investments. Our selective reuse of tthey recycled capital will theylp us grow our real estate portfolio and improve core earnings quality with our complete focus on credit quality. With that, I'll hand tthey call back to Jonathan Cotheyn. Jonathan Cotheyn Thanks Dave. We are implementing our strategy also, and as always maintained what I believe is a consistent focus on credit quality, high underwriting standards, vigilant management of our investments. Our leverage remains low and we have an experienced dedicated management team that will carefully monitor our risk while continuing to look forward to paying ttheir meaningful ttheyse dividends. As announced on May 22, Resource America Inc., tthey company's external manager, has agreed to be acquired by C-III Capital Partners LLC, C-III a leading commercial real estate services company. As part of tthey transaction, our core commercial real estate team will remain in place. Upon closing of tthey acquisition of Resource America, I will no longer be tthey officer, director of Resource Capital Corp. Andrew L. Farkas and Jeffrey P. Cotheyn, Executive Managing Director of C-III, will be appointed to RSO's Board of Directors and it is anticipated that Robert C. Lieber, Executive Managing Director of C-III, will succeed me as tthey Chief Executive Officer of RSO. I believe that C-III is a stellar organization and will work very well with outstanding origination and asset management teams that will be continuing. We thank you for your continued support. And with that I will open up tthey call to any questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve Delaney Good morning everyone and thanks for taking tthey question. $102 million coming in realistically how long will it take to deploy that and I’ve theyard your comments that tthey focus will be on tthey Senior CRE portfolio, so how long to deploy and what would be tthey incremental growth in CRE loans based on that $102 million once it was deployed? Thanks. Jonathan Cotheyn Thanks Steve. Dave Bloom or Dave Bryant, would you like to take that? David Bloom I’ll take that Jon. Hi Steve, its Dave Bloom. Steve Delaney Hi. David Bloom We – as I mentioned, we've got a very full pipeline with about $70 million slated to close imminently starting next week and through tthey end of August and back with about that pace I think for tthey few months that we can see beyond. So I would anticipate it being put to work very rapidly. Steve Delaney So realistically by tthey end of ttheir year you could have that capital deployed? David Bloom Certainly, yes. Jonathan Cotheyn Yes, ttheir is Jonathan, I think that tthey capital will be deployed in tthey next five months, but obviously some of tthey loans will come on later in tthey quarter in Q4. So tthey real impact and kind of stabilized version of our company having redeployed that company will be kind of first seen in tthey end of tthey fourth quarter or first quarter. Steve Delaney Got it. And so tthey portfolio, tthey senior loan portfolios are just under $1.5 billion I guess currently. Would ttheir support something on tthey order of anottheyr $400 million of loans if we were to assume like three to one…? Jonathan Cotheyn Steve, I would say that’s right. We also have a lot of ottheyr capital as we mentioned, being recycled through for instance is tthey CRE 2013 securitization is now going to started to pay off tthey equity notes. So we’ve seen some math would be leveraging as we’ve seen things pay off in ttheir very nice credit environment. And so, I think that you'll see tthey overall portfolio grow by more than $400 million and that should be very theylpful to 2017. Steve Delaney Understood. And switching over to PCM, Jon you mentioned that you're thinking through your strategies ttheyre. I guess two parts to tthey question. What is tthey amount of RSO’s equity exposure/investment in PCM at ttheir time? Jonathan Cotheyn I think it’s in tthey mid-30s equity investment. Steve Delaney Okay, got it. Jonathan Cotheyn And ttheyn, oh wait and I just want to clarify that includes all MSR, which could be sold readily. Steve Delaney Steve Delaney Exactly. So that's about a dollar – right it is about a dollar a share. I'm trying to get some sense of tthey magnitude of in a worst case scenario, which I'm not necessarily predicting or suggesting, but just a frame it’s theylpful to know kind of what that is now. Now just… Jonathan Cotheyn No, no, I just want to mention though Steve, that if you talk with tthey team ttheyre we’ve seen incredible business generation ttheyre, platform building, profitability now, I think that ttheyy think it's worth well in excess of that. Steve Delaney Interesting, okay that's theylpful. And you care your MSRs, I believe in tthey intangibles line on tthey balance ttheyyet, Dave Bryant I want to - could you could you tell us how much, what tthey caring value of tthey MSRs is in that $26.7 million of total intangibles? David Bryant I'm sorry Steve, say that again please? Steve Delaney Yes Dave, I'm trying to find out in you care your MSRs on your balance ttheyyet I believe you have ttheym included in tthey intangibles line. Could you tell us with tthey fair value, tthey carrying value of tthey MSRs at June 30 was? David Bryant It’s approximately $22 million, Steve. Steve Delaney Okay, so tthey bulk of that intangibles is tthey MSRs. Okay, I think that – I think that covers it, Jon and in fact ttheir… Jonathan Cotheyn Just to add to that Steve, tthey cumulated reserve on ttheyse MSRs is about $5.4 million. Steve Delaney That’s tthey non-cash fair value marks that you've made? Jonathan Cotheyn Right, that we made, a little bit at tthey end of last year and ttheyn in tthey first and second quarter of ttheir year. Steve Delaney Okay very good. But tthey $22 million is tthey net of those reserves? Jonathan Cotheyn Net, that is net. Steve Delaney Understood, okay thank you. Well thank you, that's all tthey questions I have and Jon if in fact ttheir tthey timing of tthey direct [ph] sale is September, October if in fact ttheir is your last call as CEO of RSO, we want to – we’ve enjoyed working with you, we want to wish you all tthey best for tthey future. Thank you. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank Steve, I appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Just stepping back for a second, not sure if you're able to, but I’d appreciate if you could offer any highlights - high level thoughts on what C-III may bring to tthey table with respect to RSO? Jonathan Cotheyn We're really not at liberty to speak about C-III or tthey merger, but ttheyir reputation speaks for itself and ttheyy are a tremendous firm with Andrew Farkas and their team, Jeff Cotheyn et cetera, have tremendous reputation for building incredibly valuable public and private franctheires. And so, and ttheyy are deep in tthey mortgage and mortgage bond business. So I think with our team will bring tremendous value to RSO shareholders as well as in growing tthey resource platform. So we really are limited to say much more. Jade Rahmani Okay, I appreciate that. Just regarding tthey market overall, can you characterize what you're seeing in terms of borrower sentiment quarter-over-quarter and also highlight any trends in loan spreads? Jonathan Cotheyn Dave Bloom, you want to take that? David Bloom Sure, thanks Jade. We've actually – we have seen transaction volume pick up. I think that borrowers feel a general firming in tthey market. We see banks backing away, even tthey regional banks that had been more aggressive. So we actually feel tthey market coming to us, which is a good position for us to be in now. Yes, spreads remain competitive, but on a levered basis we're still looking at in mid teens business. So I think that we are very active. We – wtheyn we are ttheir active, we tend to get our share of quality deals. We do stay up credit and that's what we will continue to do. But we do look forward to deploying tthey additional capital in a prudent, but expeditious way. Jade Rahmani Thanks. And are you seeing any flow from upcoming or pending CMBS debt maturities and recapitalization transactions? David Bloom We are. I mean ttheyre's certainly tthey wall of maturity is that you can see in any number of Fitch books and analyst reports. We are absolutely seeing that. We are taking advantage of well located transactions, while tthey CMBS market in general is in a state of disarray as risk retention, compliant pools continue to be ramped. Ttheyre are, quite frankly, borrowers who are waiting that out, waiting for a little bit more stability, certainty of course. Those people are coming to us as well and obviously as tenure deals roll, ttheir seasons [ph] has been enormously expensive, ttheyy are paid off and sold and ttheyre are value add opportunities ttheyre as well. So we really see it coming from a number of different places and feel that ttheyre is a nice convergence of events that open up tthey market for bridge loans in a fairly unique way at ttheir time. Jade Rahmani And just lastly, any credit, how does tthey added credit migrate in tthey quarter, any movement in tthey watch list of risk ratings? David Bloom Ttheyre wasn’t a move in ttheir quarter now. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking my questions. David Bryant Thank you, Jade. Jonathan Cotheyn Thanks, Jade. Operator We have a followup question from tthey line of Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve Delaney Yes, thank you. Apologies for that, I should have asked ttheir earlier, but you have not made any comments about your previously establittheyyd guidance of 265 that was given on tthey first quarter earnings call. Is ttheyre anything that you can say about your guidance are you leaving that in place or does that needs to be updated? Jonathan Cotheyn No, I think that we are leaving that in place in terms of our dedication of tthey $0.42 dividend and I think that as tthey new management comes in, I think that ttheyy will provide ttheyir own guidance. We usually provide guidance for 2017 some time at tthey end of – I think sometime in November which I think will continue. Steve Delaney Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. Jonathan Cotheyn Okay. Operator And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Cotheyn for closing remarks. Jonathan Cotheyn I greatly appreciate you listening to our call and investing in our business and we look forward to speaking with you in tthey near future. So thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.