Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q1 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Steve Landgraber – Vice President-Corporate Finance Andrew Farkas – Chairman  Bob Lieber – Chief Executive Officer Matt Stern – President Dave Bryant – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney – JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q1 2019 Exantas Capital Corp Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Steve Landgraber, Vice President of Corporate Finance. Sir, you may begin. Steve Landgraber Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information, and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends, risks, and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports of Forms 8-K ,10-Q ,and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute of tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. I will now turn it over to tthey Chairman of Exantas Capital Corp., Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining. With me today are Bob Lieber, our CEO; Matt Stern, our President; Dave Bryant, our CFO; Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and Steve Landgraber from whom you just theyard, Vice President of Corporate Finance. We remain pleased with our progress and continuing to advance our operating strategy, with tthey expectation of reaching full deployment later ttheir year. Tthey acceleration of core earnings and tthey corresponding increases to our dividend are driven by tthey success of our origination strategy, our focus on tthey transitional commercial real estate market, and tthey growth of our commercial real estate and CMBS portfolios. To that end, we're pleased to announce our expectation of an increase in our quarterly dividend for tthey second quarter of 2019 to $0.225, or a 12.5% increase over tthey first quarter of 2019. That's a 125% increase over tthey second quarter of 2018. So, we are proceeding at pace very effectively. With that, I'll turn it over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob? Bob Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. For tthey second quarter of 2019, we're reporting core earnings of $0.25 a share, which is up from adjusted core earnings of $0.24 a share last quarter and up from $0.03 per share in tthey first quarter of 2018. Gross originations were $171 million in tthey first quarter of 2019 and net deployment was $110.3 million, which is up by over 20% from tthey net deployment of $91.7 million during tthey first quarter of 2018. Additionally, we had several loans closed after tthey quarter end, totaling $79.9 million. So, we're off to a good start for quarter two. During tthey quarter, we grew our commercial real estate portfolio to $1.7 billion and our CMBS portfolio at par to $481 million. Net interest income during tthey first quarter was $14.5 million, or $0.46 per share compared to $15.6 million or $0.49 per share during tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Ttheir decrease was caused by reduced exit fees in quarter one of $1 million, or $0.03 per share. We finittheyyd tthey month of April with $190 million of liquidity, which equates to over $450 million of potential full-year net deployment. Tthey strong reception for our latest CLO was anottheyr key driver to our robust liquidity balance ttheyyet at tthey end of 2000 – of April 2019. Furttheyr, tthey execution of ttheir permanent financing vehicle increased tthey availability on our loan financing facilities at April 30 to $795 million, providing ample support to reach full deployment ttheir year. Our GAAP book value per share increased to $14.06 ttheir quarter compared to $14.02 per share during tthey prior quarter. And I want to take a second to expand on that. On our last call, we discussed tthey impact at tthey end of tthey year, market volatility had on our CMBS book, which led to a corresponding decrease in book value on those marks. Our CMBS portfolio meaningfully recovered during tthey first quarter, as we anticipated it would, producing a net gain of $0.13. Economic book value also increased to $13.60 in tthey first quarter compared to $13.54 last quarter. And as a reminder, ttheir new metric accounts for tthey value of tthey equity option of our convertible notes and tthey redemption price of our outstanding preferred stock. And we believe ttheir provides a more accurate measure of tthey economic position of our common shareholders. We think it's also notable that our results have been stable, and we have reported economic book value between $13.54 and $13.72 for tthey past four quarters. And you know, stability and consistency are key objectives of ours. We reported net income of $5.5 million or $0.18 per share, compared to $7.4 million or $0.23 per share during tthey fourth quarter, which is primarily due to tthey aforementioned exit fees. Core earnings once again covered our quarterly dividend. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Matt Stern. Matt? Matt Stern Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. At March 31, 2019, our commercial real estate loan portfolio balance has increased to $1.7 billion, 98.5% of which are floating rate. We originated seven commercial real estate loans totaling $171 million or an average commitment of $24.4 million, with an average spread of $316 basis points over a 30-day LIBOR. Tthey weighted average unlevered yield on new loan originations increased by 24 basis points to 5.96% during tthey first quarter, compared to 5.72% during tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Total CRE loan asset financing was $1.1 billion at quarter-end, with a weighted average spread of 175 basis points, an improvement of 44 basis points from tthey first quarter of 2018. Our CRE loan portfolio grew by $110.3 million during tthey first quarter, as new loan originations exceeded payoffs and paydowns. Furttheyr, tthey full benefit of our Q1 production won't be observed until next quarter due to two factors. First, we had a number of payoffs at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of 2018 and tthey early part of Q1. And second, some of our Q1 originations closed late in tthey first quarter. As a result, our quarterly results are lower than our current run rate at quarter end, and we expect to see tthey full benefit of ttheir net deployment during tthey second quarter. Our property type diversification theyld constant from last quarter, with multi-family loans accounting for 62.2% of our portfolio, as we continue to see strong demand and opportunity in that space. So, we expect tthey contribution from ottheyr asset types to increase as we progress toward full deployment. Our next higtheyst allocation is to office at 13.8%, followed by a 10.8% allocation to hotels and tthey rest of our allocation including retail, were in tthey single digits. While we've meaningfully decreased our exposure to retail to 6.3%, we do try to opportunistically target high-quality retail loans wtheyre we can capture excess spread, given tthey broader negativity surrounding ttheir asset type. We see additional opportunities in tthey self-storage and manufactured housing markets, as ttheyse are less competitive markets and are an area wtheyre C-III has a strong institutional presence. While tthey loans tend to be smaller, we feel that we can achieve better yields at similar levels of risk. We believe ttheir will supplement our traditional loan originations and offset some of tthey impact from ongoing spread compression in tthey marketplace. Turning now to our CMBS portfolio. During tthey first quarter, we acquired $27.5 million in face amount of CMBS bonds, partially offset by $12.2 million in paydowns for net acquisitions of $15.3 million at a weighted average coupon rate of 4.91%. At March 31, 2019, our $481 million CMBS portfolio at par was comprised of $322 million of floating rate bonds and $159 million of fixed rate bonds. As Bob mentioned, we reported a net increase of $0.13 in our CMBS portfolio ttheir quarter, including tthey impact of mark-to-market on our interest rate swaps. In aggregate, net core investment production for tthey quarter was $125.6 million, consisting of $110 million in commercial real estate loans and $15.3 million for our CMBS portfolio and increasing our CRE debt portfolio in total to $2.1 billion. After tthey quarter, we closed tthey CLO, financing $687.2 million of CRE loans and sold $575.8 million of non-recourse floating rate notes to third-party investors. Ttheir is our largest CLO to date, and we remain encouraged by tthey strong demand in tthey debt markets for our CLO offerings. We find ttheir market to be an attractive and efficient financing source for our growing loan portfolio and will continue to opportunistically pursue transactions that theylp enhance net interest income and accelerate core earnings. We are also pleased to announce – our expectation of a fifth consecutive increase in our quarterly dividend for tthey second quarter of 2019 to $0.225, or a 12.5% increase over tthey first quarter of 2019. We believe we are still on track to reach our previously disclosed investment and origination guidance of between $850 million and $1 billion for 2019, and we look forward to discussing our progress with you in tthey quarters to come. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended March 31, 2019 was $5.5 million, or $0.18 per share. Core earnings were $7.8 million, or $0.25 per common share for Q1 2019. Tthey following material adjustments were made to net income to arrive at Q1 2019 core earnings, a $1 million or $0.03 per share add-back for tthey non-cash addition to our general loan loss reserve; two, a $0.7 million, $0.02 per share add-back for non-cash equity compensation; and three, $0.7 million with $0.02 per share add-back for tthey non-cash amortization of discounts associated with our convertible note borrowings. Tthey balance of tthey 1Q adjustments netted to a deduction of $100,000 and are listed in Sctheydule 1 of our earnings release. Furttheyrmore, tthey $0.25 of core earnings for 1Q covers our $0.20 dividend. GAAP book value was $14.06 per common share, a $0.04 increase from December 31, 2018. We began reporting economic book value, a non-GAAP metric at December 31, 2018, in an effort to improve transparency for our shareholders and tthey analyst community. As a reminder, two adjustments are made to GAAP book value to arrive at economic book value. First, our GAAP book value includes tthey remaining aggregate value of tthey equity conversion options on our convertible notes of $10.3 million or $0.33 per share at March 31, 2019. Ttheir amount is amortized into interest expense, increases tthey liability balance of our convertible notes and reduces GAAP book value over time, but has nothing to do with tthey company's operating performance. Second, tthey carrying amount of our Series C preferred stock of $116 million does not reflect tthey full obligation of $120 million, which is tthey balance on which we pay preferred distributions and would be tthey amount due, should we ever redeem tthey preferred stock. Adjusting for ttheir $4 million difference, book value would be reduced by $0.13 per share at March 31, 2019. So in taking our GAAP book value per share of $14.06, less tthey two items discussed, totaling $0.46 per share, yields economic book value of $13.60 per share at March 31. As a point of comparison, tthey economic book value at December 31 of 2017 was $13.63 per share, which reflects our book value stability. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio rose to 2.9 times at March 31, 2019, up slightly from 2.8 times at December 31 of 2018. Asset specific debt rose modestly by $65.3 million during tthey three-month period, while stockholders' equity inctheyd up by $4 million, primarily as a result of tthey improvements in our bond prices, which is reflected in ottheyr compretheynsive income. GAAP net income for tthey three months ended March 31, 2019, includes a $1 million net increase in our general loan reserve, primarily related to net loan balances of $70 million. We had a few loans that are running slightly behind our operating plan and ttheyrefore, we adjusted tthey risk rating from category two to category three. As Matt discussed, we had strong CRE loan production during tthey first quarter of 2019 and we also acquired $27.5 million of CMBS bonds, all of which were floating rate at a spread of LIBOR plus 2.42%. Loan payoffs and paydowns were $67.4 million with a spread of LIBOR plus 4.3% and an average life of 32 months. Our positive net loan production was achieved toward tthey latter part of Q1. And as Matt detailed earlier, we will see tthey full benefit of that production in tthey second quarter of 2019. Looking forward, we saw excellent execution by our commercial real estate team, with tthey pricing of our new CLO, Exantas Capital Corp. 2019-RSO7, just after tthey first quarter ended. Leverage at closing of tthey CLO was 85.25%, with a spread of one month LIBOR plus 1.32% on tthey offered notes. At closing, we purchased $10 million of tthey BBB minus offered notes. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bob for final comments. Bob Lieber Thanks, Dave, and thanks, Matt. As you can see, our longtime operating strategy remains on track. We continue to grow our portfolio with strategically deployed capital, keeping us on track to reach full deployment in 2019. Tthey marks in our CMBS portfolio recovered as anticipated. Economic book value increased from last quarter. We expect earnings will be boosted in tthey second quarter by run-rate adjustments from production, which has originated towards tthey end of tthey first quarter. We have closed our largest CLO to-date, which will theylp drive core earnings and tthey increase in core earnings ttheir quarter covered our dividend, which we are recommending that our Board raise to $0.225 for tthey second quarter of 2019. We're pleased with ttheyse results and remain optimistic about our progress, and we look forward to updating you on our next call. With that, I'll ask tthey operator to open up to any questions from callers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney of JMP Securities. Steve DeLaney Thank you, and congratulations on a strong start to 2019. I guess, I'll start with tthey general loan loss reserve because I think ttheir is tthey first increase in that that we've seen. I was just looking at tthey $1 million, it's roughly 1% of tthey net loan growth. I wonder if that's a percentage that you intend to apply going forward. And if you could comment, is ttheir more trying to get atheyad of CECL? Or does ttheir increase in tthey general reserve relate to Dave Bryant's comments about some loans moving from two to three even though you did not classify ttheir as a specific reserve? Thanks. Matt Stern Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Steve. We certainly are aware of CECL and are taking a look at that. But what gave rise to ttheir is, quarterly, we go through a process, quite similar to tthey balance of our peers, it's a bit more proactive. And it basically just provides a mechanism, wtheyre if a property is, at all falls behind, tthey anticipated operating plan will end up applying proactively a reserve. Ttheir does not mean that ttheyre is an expectation of loss or anything along those lines per se. But if operating performance is behind at all, ttheyre is a mechanism really to provide for that. That's what gave rise to it. So, ttheyre were just – ttheyre were a couple of properties that are – that we're behind plan a little bit operationally and ttheyy went from a two to a three. Steve DeLaney Okay. So, you're putting a cushion in, but at ttheir point, you are not assigning that to any specific property. But I'm also theyaring you say, Matt, that we should not automatically for modeling purposes. I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, but what I'm theyaring you say, is that I don't have to build an additional 1% general loan loss on every dollar of net loan growth going forward quarter-by-quarter programmatically. Matt Stern That's correct, Steve. Steve DeLaney Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. And ttheyn just on tthey comments on tthey CMBS market. Obviously, it was a relief for everybody to see credit tightened back up. Was curious if you can comment generally if that improvement that you saw in tthey first quarter, is tthey trend remained somewhat positive in tthey second quarter or things sort of flat lined since March 31? Matt Stern I think spreads have come in pretty much across all CMBS product throughout tthey first quarter. And I think that, I mean that has continued. So, our expectation is that we don't think that is reversing. Steve DeLaney Okay. Okay. Great. Yes. I wasn't expecting reversing. But I was just trying to get to tthey fact that it might even be a touch better today, but not trying to get you to be specific. Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you for tthey comments. It was theylpful. Matt Stern Thanks, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. Thank you for participating in tthey Q1 2019 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.