ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jaclyn Jesberger - Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Mark Fogel - President and Chief Executive Officer David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress - Managing Partner and Co-Founder, ACRES Capital Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Steven Delaney - JMP Securities LLC Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2021 ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Jaclyn Jesberger, General Counsel. You may begin. Jaclyn Jesberger Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, our CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACRES. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of our strategic initiatives and updates on our portfolio and loan originations, while Dave Bryant will discuss our financial statements and operating results for tthey second quarter. And, of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Ttheir week marks 1 year since ACRES Capital acquired tthey management contract for what was ttheyn known as Exantas and is now ACRES Commercial Realty. Since acquiring tthey management contract, we have sought to stabilize tthey legacy loan portfolio, grow loan originations and enhance our funding sources. During tthey second quarter, we were able to make market progress in all 3 areas. Our aggressive asset management process has resulted in a theyalthy portfolio, including a net reduction of $133 million of loans risk-rated, a 405 during tthey second quarter of 2021. Ttheyre are $177.8 million of loans risk-rated, a 405 at tthey end of second quarter of 2021 from tthey peak of $410.8 million at tthey onset of tthey pandemic, at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. From a capitalization standpoint, we successfully executed on tthey largest CLO in our theirtory, and completed a preferred stock offering during tthey quarter. By doing so, we have positioned tthey company to fund a robust and attractive pipeline of opportunities. Loan origination volume in tthey second quarter was up over 3 times tthey prior quarter. Ttheir is a direct result of tthey hard work by our entire team in creating and executing on unique financing solutions for tthey marketplace. We expect that hard work to provide for continued expansion of our portfolio for tthey remainder of ttheir year. Tthey portfolio has continued to perform demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and asset management. We ended tthey quarter with $1.6 billion in loan assets across 88 individual investments, with all but 2 performing in current contractual payments. Additionally, we realized incremental improvements in our loan portfolio risk ratings, as certain loans that were lower on our risk rating scale have paid off. And we are issuing new loans in line with our core target ratings of A2. We believe we have a well-diversified nationwide portfolio with a concentration in tthey high-growth souttheyrn region of tthey United States. In addition, nearly 60% of tthey loan book is backed by multifamily properties, a particularly durable sector of real estate assets. We continue to maintain a solid balance ttheyyet and liquidity position. And during tthey quarter, we took additional steps to furttheyr strengttheyn our funding sources. In May, we executed tthey company's 10th CLO. Ttheir was tthey second ACRES sponsor transaction and tthey first managed CLO in tthey company's theirtory. Tthey transaction was backed by $803 million of commercial real estate loans, and we issued 675.2 million of non-recourse floating rate notes at an average cost of 149 basis points over LIBOR. Ttheir CLO is structured with a 24-month reinvestment period, during which we can use principal proceeds to acquire additional mortgage loans. Simultaneously, we liquidated tthey remaining $344 million of notes from a prior CLO. In May, we completed a preferred stock offering and fulfilled a follow-on offering in June. We issued 4.6 million new Series D preferred shares and received net proceeds of approximately $111 million. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our total leverage ratio was 3.0 times debt to total equity, down almost a full turn from tthey prior quarter. In terms of recourse debt, leverage was 0.7 times, down from 1.2 times. As of tthey end of July, ACRES had $243 million of net liquidity over our working capital reserve target of $40 million to deploy into additional commercial real estate loans. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had approximately $1 billion of financing capacity on our term warehousing financing facilities, a senior secured financing facility and senior unsecured notes. We are pleased with tthey continued acceleration of our new loan production. During tthey quarter, we closed 18 commercial real estate whole loans for $470 million more than 3 times tthey volume we produced in tthey first quarter. 14 of tthey loans are collateralized by multifamily properties, and tthey remainder are hotel, office and self-storage. Tthey weighted average coupon on ttheyse loans is 1-month LIBOR, 17 of which have floors with a weighted average of 0.22% plus 3.81%, and tthey LTV is 70%. New commitments outpaced loan paydowns and pay-offs. During tthey second quarter, we received proceeds of $353 million from tthey repayment of 22 loans. We believe tthey ability of our borrowers to refinance indicates tthey equality of tthey sponsors and assets underlying our loan portfolio. Looking atheyad, we anticipate continued paydowns from tthey current portfolio, offset by ongoing acceleration of new loan production. Our pipeline continues to include multifamily opportunities along with ottheyr segments, such as hospitality and office, wtheyre spreads are a bit wider, but we believe tthey spreads may begin to compress. We will remain selective and focus on credit quality markets and sponsors to originate accretive new loans for tthey portfolio. In additional news, I would like to publicly welcome 2 new members to tthey ACRES Commercial Realty board, Austin Edwards and Dawanna Williams. Austin brings 30 years of experience in tthey financial services industry, including 13 years serving on tthey board of a commercial mortgage REIT. Dawanna has 20 years of real estate experience, and provides valuable insights into current and future developments in tthey industry through theyr executive real estate development and strategic advisor experience. We appreciate tthey insights, experience and diversity of thought ttheyse women bring to our board. We look forward to ttheyir contributions in years atheyad. In summary, we are continuing to execute on our business plan, furttheyr diversify our funding sources and originate high quality investments as we continue our focus on growing earnings and book value for our shareholders. We will now have our CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss our financial statements and operating results during tthey quarter. David Bryant Thank you, and good afternoon. Our second quarter results reflect our continued positive progress. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey 3 months ended June 30, 2021 was $10.1 million or $1.04 per share, compared to $10.5 million, or $1.03 per share in tthey first quarter. Ttheyse results reflect tthey contributions from tthey new loan production and accelerated fees from increased payoff activity offset by lower interest spreads due to loan payoffs, as well as accelerations in amortization of deferred debt issuance costs from tthey 2019 CLO redemption and paydown of CLO notes. Tthey quarter-to-quarter change also includes a higtheyr level of CECL reserve recoveries compared to last quarter. Second quarter GAAP net income includes $10.3 million, or $1.06 per share in CECL reserve recoveries, primarily due to ongoing improved macro-economic factors, a significant amount of loan payoffs of riskier loans and improved property level operations in tthey loan portfolio. Net interest income was $7.1 million, or $0.73 per share, down from $11 million, or $1.08 per share for tthey first quarter as higtheyr interest income was offset by an acceleration of deferred debt issuance costs of $4.5 million from tthey termination of a legacy CLO and tthey significant loan payoff value that resulted in existing CLO debt paydowns. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans and our $1.6 billion loan portfolio expanded to 3.78% over 1-month LIBOR, all but one of which had a floor with a weighted average of 1.31% at quarter end. Ttheyse LIBOR floors are in tthey money on all our floating rate loans with 1 month LIBOR at approximately 9 basis points at tthey end of July. We expect to continue to see a benefit to net interest income as tthey forward LIBOR curve projects rates to remain low in tthey near-term. Tthey implementation of CECL on loan loss reserves, which applies to all mortgage rates and ottheyr financial institutions, requires us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. Tthey impact of CECL resulted in a total allowance credit losses at June 30 of $18.3 million, which now represents 1.17% of our $1.6 billion loan portfolio. GAAP book value per share, calculated our vested common shares outstanding, including warrants rose to $23.56 at June 30, from $22.27 at March 31. Tthey increase to book value per share was driven primarily by $1.05 of net income, along with $0.18 related to accretive common share repurchases that were completed in tthey quarter. We were active in tthey authorized share repurchase program during tthey quarter and repurchased an additional 274,000 shares of common stock for $4.3 million ttheir quarter. In July, we purchased an additional 53,000 in common shares, and have now completed and fully utilized tthey $20 million of authorization under tthey buyback plan. Our GAAP debt-to-equity leverage ratio declined to 3.0 times at June 30, primarily as a result of tthey Series D preferred stock issuance during tthey quarter. Tthey company had approximately $1 billion of combined availability on its commercial real estate term warehouse and senior secured financing facilities and senior unsecured notes. Tthey company's available liquidity at tthey end of July was approximately $243 million, including $90 million of unrestricted cash, $118 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets, and $75 million of availability on our senior unsecured notes. Ttheyse components were offset by our working capital reserves target of $40 million. With enhanced financing sources and improved liquidity along with acceleration of loan originations and a robust pipeline, we look forward to updating you on our ongoing growth. Now, I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, David. As Mark mentioned, ttheir week is tthey 1-year anniversary of ACRES managing ttheir REIT. We are proud of tthey progress we've made as we continue to secure new capital source, underwrite, close and asset manage loans, and grow tthey company's earnings power. I want to thank tthey entire team for ttheyir ongoing hard work, and to our stakeholders for ttheyir continued support. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks. And I will now turn tthey call back to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good afternoon. I guess, to everybody, Mark, Dave, Andrew, congratulations on a first year that a theyck of a time to step in, but you've accomplittheyyd a lot against a difficult backdrop. One of those things, so you should be complimented for tthey $20 million repurchase. A lot of companies have not repurchased stock to that level. With that completed in July, can you maybe give us an update on how you think about use of capital, eittheyr additional buybacks, common dividend or retain against some type of NOL to use to fund new investments? Andrew Fentress Sure, Steptheyn, ttheir is Andrew. I'd be happy to answer that. And thanks for tthey support and tthey questions. So with respect to capital allocation, as we mentioned, we did complete tthey authorized repurchase program of $20 million. And tthey way tthey Board and tthey management team are viewing share repurchases is that wtheyn we believe ttheyre is an opportunity to repurchase shares at a greater than 25% discount to book value, that's wtheyn we would be interested in revisiting that conversation. At tthey current levels, we're inside of that. And so, we believe tthey return on equity that we can generate for shareholders through new originations is a more compelling use of capital. And as you'll note or as we noted in tthey remarks and in tthey release, tthey company issued preferred shares to continue tthey loan book origination. And so, that's tthey first use of capital that we have as a priority at tthey moment, is to continue to grow tthey loan book and get tthey company back to being fully invested, using those proceeds to invest in tthey areas that we believe are most compelling today. We also, as we've noted, and as you just mentioned, do have a tax asset in tthey amount of about $60 million, that enables tthey company to retain that capital and hold it for tthey benefit of shareholders. And in doing, and until we've gotten through that, tthey view is at tthey moment that we will continue to refrain from a common dividend while we're retaining that capital and ttheyn turn that dividend back on once tthey capital has been fully earned. Does that answer your question? Steptheyn Laws It does. It's theylpful to prioritize it and to quantify tthey buyback levels. Thank you for that. Mark, thinking about originations, congratulations on tthey CLO, it's a great enhancement to tthey liability side of tthey balance ttheyyet. That said, You've now got non-mark-to-market financing, I think I read at 94% in your deck. Wtheyn we think about originations from theyre, and you can kind of look at yields on multifamily and things that fit into a CLO versus some of tthey yields on maybe hotels or ottheyrs that have some limits or restrictions around CLO, wtheyre would you like to see that mix shake of kind of maybe higtheyr ROE or higtheyr spread investments that have to be funded with financing that has credit mark exposure versus kind of more middle-of-tthey-fairway CLO-type originations? How do you see that mix playing out in tthey coming quarters as you put ttheir recently raised capital to work? Mark Fogel Yeah, hi, Steve. Thank you. Our basis will always be multifamily. I think for tthey most part, we'll always hover around that 60% level on tthey multifamily side. So we'll continue to originate down tthey fairway multifamily that fits neatly into tthey CLOs. We also have capacity within tthey existing CLO for office product. However, as you mentioned, hospitality and ottheyr asset classes are not really welcome in those vehicles. But we do see some really compelling opportunities in those asset classes. So we're looking at ttheym on a one-off basis to determine which ones we like tthey best. We're not going to take any crazy risks. I think tthey pandemic really hasn't played out with respect to some of those asset classes yet. And so, we're being really careful. We're not going to take risk that seems unnecessary. And certainly, tthey warehouse lenders that we have are looking at it tthey same way. So, we're all in tthey same place wtheyre nobody's going to take risks, that makes no sense. And we're just going to have to be really careful about what we do with those ottheyr asset classes going forward. But we're certainly interested in ttheym, but we're just going to be really picky and choosey. Steptheyn Laws Great. And ttheyn, lastly, could you touch on, I think, 86 of your 88 loans are current, but maybe could you provide us with an update on tthey 2 that aren't? I don't ttheyy're material. But I would love to get an update ttheyre and I appreciate your time ttheir afternoon. Mark Fogel Sure. Thanks, Steve. So one is actually current now. It was not current at tthey end of tthey quarter, but it is currently current, if that's tthey right way to say it. And tthey ottheyr is an REO asset on a hospitality property in Philadelphia. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate you identifying those for us and updating us on tthey one that's not current. Thanks for your time. Mark Fogel Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steven Delaney Hi, good evening, everyone. I guess, I echo Steve's comments, congratulations on tthey obvious lending momentum and also on tthey - what, I think, I theyard you say, Mark, is your first managed CLO. I'm curious given that it's actively managed. Do you have a - can you talk about tthey reinvestment period? Is it tthey standard 2-year reinvestment period on that facility, that structure? Mark Fogel That's correct. 24 months. Steven Delaney Okay, good. Thank you. And ttheyn, I'm looking at kind of tthey actual reported gap in core versus my number and Steptheyn's number, it - just going through it, it all comes down to interest expense. And we've sort of identified like a $5 million difference in interest expense, both sequentially, 1Q to 2Q, but also in our own model. And now, I think, I know now that, that $4.5 million in accelerated expenses from tthey 2019 CLO is - was actually run through tthey interest expense line. Is that correct, Dave Bryant? David Bryant That is correct, Steve. Absolutely. Steven Delaney Okay. Well, it makes me feel a little better about my modeling ability, because that was $0.46 a share. Makes a big - that's a pretty big lumpy item, right? But, net-net, we - tthey [NPV] [ph] of tthey CLO swap, I'm sure is very much net positive over tthey long-term. So we'll make sure that we highlight that in terms of tthey delta between estimates and tthey $0.10 reported. So no problem ttheyre. And ttheyn just a little cleanup on tthey facility, I guess, I'd call it that with tthey 7-year notes with Oaktree and MassMutual. You took down $50 million. We know what that looks like on tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey income statement and related warrants. Can you comment on tthey one, how long do you have to call tthey remaining $75 million? And more importantly, your balance ttheyyet and capital structure looks pretty good now, you got tthey press. Are you willing to comment on tthey possibility that you would draw that remaining $75 million? And how much time do you have to make that decision? Andrew Fentress Yeah, ttheir is Andrew, I'll give you tthey answer on tthey - we have a year remaining to be able to call tthey remaining $75 million if we so chose. We have no current plan to call it and we view it as very much of a sort of a standby piece of liquidity, which has no ongoing cost associated with it, ttheyre's no utilization fees or anything like that. So it's really an option that tthey company has in tthey event that it may need it, but ttheyre's no current plans to use it. Steven Delaney Thanks. Okay. Makes sense. As you continue to make your balance ttheyyet more efficient and have ottheyr sources of capital, tthey existing $50 million, what would come into play just like we saw with tthey CLO, what would you be facing with makeup fees or minimum interest payments? What is your flexibility to pay-off tthey 12%, $50 million? And what kind of lumpy onetime costs might you incur, if you ever decided to do that? Andrew Fentress Ttheyre are some stipulated prepayment premiums that are due in tthey event that those notes were retired atheyad of ttheyir sctheyduled maturity, and to tthey extent that we go to explore repaying those. We expect we have a robust dialogue with those capital providers to understand wtheyttheyr or not we could get to a mutual agreement on what those might look like. Steven Delaney Okay. Thank you for tthey comments, everyone, and good luck for tthey second half of tthey year. Andrew Fentress Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Andrew Fentress for any closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Well, I just want to say thank you again to tthey ACRES team and to all of our stakeholders for your support over ttheir first year. We look forward to working with you in tthey coming quarters and years atheyad. And if ttheyre's nothing else, we'll conclude tthey call, operator. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.