Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Steve Landgraber - Vice President-Corporate Finance Andrew Farkas - Chairman Robert Lieber - Chief Executive Officer Matttheyw Stern - President David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Paul Hughson - Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2019 Exantas Capital Corp Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Steve Landgraber, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance. Sir, you may begin. Steve Landgraber Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information, and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends, risks, and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports of Forms 8-K ,10-Q ,and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute of tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. I will now turn it over to tthey Chairman of Exantas Capital Corp., Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Good morning, all. Thanks for joining tthey call. With me today are Bob Lieber, our CEO; Matt Stern, our President; Dave Bryant, our CFO; Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and from whom you just theyar, Steve Landgraber, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance. So ttheir was one of our most productive quarters, we're going to play our numbers, completion of a portfolio acquisition and tthey closing of most recent CLO. Ttheyse achievements demonstrate our commitment to our business plan and from all of our expectations of an increase in our quarterly dividends for tthey third quarter 2019 and $0.25 cents or 11% increase over tthey second quarter of 2019. Ttheir allows us to continue to march forward consistent with tthey plans you've we've articulated over tthey course of tthey last year or so. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob Lieber, our CEO. Robert Lieber Thank you, Andrew. And good morning, everybody. We're going to dig into a little more of tthey details, but what Andrew described theyre, but for tthey second quarter of 2019, we're reporting quarter earnings of $0.28 per share, which is up from quarter earnings of $0.25 per share last quarter, and $0.20 per share during tthey second quarter of 2018. Gross commercial real estate investment was $476.1 million for tthey second quarter of 2019. Ttheir includes a loan portfolio acquisition made during tthey quarter with a committed balance of $210.8 million. We're pleased with tthey combination of our originations and loan portfolio acquisition generated substantial that deployment during tthey quarter, moving us closer to our year end, or to our end of year full deployment goal that we've articulated previously. Matt will provide more details on that shortly. That deployment was $286.1 million, which compares to net deployment of $113 million during tthey second quarter of 2018. During tthey quarter, we grew our commercial real estate loan portfolio to almost $2 billion at $1.96 billion and our CMBS portfolio at par to $482 million. Net interest income during tthey second quarter improved tthey $15.5 million or $0.49 per share, compared to $14.5 million or $0.46 per share during tthey first quarter of 2019. Ttheir net interest income was driven primarily by net deployment and will continue to improve next quarter as we receive tthey full benefit of our investment activity, including our portfolio acquisition, which closed roughly two thirds of tthey way into tthey second quarter. We have ample liquidity of over $150 million to continue to creatively deploy capital and grow net interest income. Ttheir translates to roughly $350 million to $400 million of future deployment capacity from our balance ttheyyet. We believe tthey current economic environment and real estate market remains supportive of our previous guidance of $850 million to $1 billion of commercial real estate debt deployment in 2019. Note, ttheir does not include tthey impact of tthey portfolio acquisition. Tthey backup and rates in tthey second quarter supports our real estate activity and our borrow relationships allow us to continue to win deals in a competitive lending environment. Turning to book value for a moment. Tthey GAAP book value per share remained constant from last quarter at $14.06 per share. Economic book value increased to $13.63 in tthey second quarter, compared to $13.60 last quarter. Economic book value has continued to remain within a relatively tight range of $13.54 and $13.72 over tthey past four quarters. We reported net income of $6.3 million or $0.20 per share compared to $5.5 million or $0.18 per share during tthey first quarter. And again, core earnings once again have covered our quarterly dividend. With that I'd like to turn tthey call over to Matt Stern for more details, Matt? Matttheyw Stern Thank you, Bob. And good morning, everyone. At June 30, 2019, our commercial real estate loan portfolio balances increased to $1.96 billion. During tthey quarter, we originated 16 commercial real estate loans and one preferred equity investment totaling $252 million and acquire 28 loans totaling $211 million. Tthey 16 senior floating rate loans that we originated have an average commitment of $15.2 million, with a weighted average spread of 318 basis points over a 30 day LIBOR. We also made one preferred equity commitment of $8.7 million with a fixed rate coupon of 11%. Tthey 28 floating rate loans we acquired have an average spread of 406 basis points over 30 day LIBOR. Tthey weighted average undelivered yield of new loans originated and acquired increased by 20 basis points to 6.07% during tthey second quarter, compared to 5.87% during tthey second quarter of 2018. Total CRE loan asset financing was $1.4 billion a quarter ends with a weighted average spread of 1.54%, compared to a spread at 1.66% during tthey second quarter of 2018. Our CRE loan portfolio grew by $285.3 million during tthey second quarter, as new loan origination and acquisitions exceeded payoffs and pay downs. Our portfolio diversification evolves slightly during tthey quarter, largely due to tthey aforementioned loan portfolio acquisition. Consistent with our comments last quarter, we expect our diversification to increase as we progress toward full deployment. Multifamily loans now account for 57.6% of our portfolio. Our next higtheyst allocation is to office at 13.5% followed by an 11.3% allocation to hotels. Finally, we want to make you aware that our loan portfolio is not impacted by any of tthey recent rent regulation legislation passed in New York State. Before turning to CMBS, I would like to discuss tthey portfolio acquisition from C-III Commercial Mortgage. On May 29, 2019, Exantas acquired 28 loans with a committed balance of $211 million. Along with tthey $252 million of originations ttheir quarter, ttheir portfolio acquisition was a meaningful contributor to our strong net deployment in tthey second quarter, C-III made tthey decision to exit its mortgage business and to divest its loan portfolio. Ttheir presented a portfolio acquisition opportunity for Exantas, and tthey resulting transaction was a meaningful deployment of capital into a diverse pool of loans at above market spreads. We are very happy with transaction for Exantas, as it supports our objective of achieving full deployment. Turning now towards CMPS portfolio. During tthey second quarter, we acquired 13.2 million in face amount of CMBS bonds, partially offset by 12.4 million in sales and pay downs for net acquisitions of $800,000 at a weighted average coupon rate of a 5.84%. At June 30, 2019, our $482 million CMBS portfolio at par, which has a carrying value of $446 million was comprised of $322 million of floating rate bonds, and $124 million of fixed rate bonds. Ttheir quarter, we recognized a net increase of $0.02 to book value from our CMBS portfolio, including tthey impact of mark-to-market on our interest rate swaps. As a reminder, our $2.4 billion CRE debt portfolio is 94% floating rate. Net investment production of $286.1 million for tthey quarter, represents approximately 13.5% increase from tthey first quarter. Ttheir quarter, we achieved core earnings at tthey low end of tthey range provided in our investor presentations illustrative earnings profile. And as Bob highlighted, our current liquidity will allow us to still deploy between $350 million and $400 million of incremental capital, supporting tthey core earnings outlook outlined in our investor deck. We are also pleased to announce our expectation of a six consecutive increase in our quarterly dividend for tthey third quarter of 2019 to $0.25 per share, or an 11% increase over tthey second quarter of 2019. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. David Bryant Thank you, Matt, and good morning. Our GAAP net income applicable to common shares for tthey three months ended June 30, 2019 was $6.3 million, or $0.20 per share, and was $11.8 million or $0.38 per share for tthey six months ended June 30. Core earnings were $8.8 million or $0.28 per common share for Q2 2019 and $16.7 million or $0.53 per common share for tthey six month period ended June 30. Year-to-date, we've paid out common share dividends of $0.425. Tthey growth in our core earnings is being driven primarily by our net investment production. Accordingly, we saw a net interest income increase by $1 million or 7%, as compared to tthey first quarter of 2019, and by $2.1 million, or 15% over tthey second quarter of 2018. Tthey following material adjustments were made to net income to arrive at second quarter core earnings. First, a $1.3 million or $0.04 per share add back for evaluation adjustment on a lone included in tthey strategic plan, which I will cover in more detail. Second, a $700,000 or $0.02 per share add back for tthey non-cash amortization of discounts associated with our convertible note borrowings. Third, a $400,000 or approximately $0.01 per share add back for non-cash equity compensation. And Forth, a $200,000 or approximately $0.01 per share add back for tthey non-cash increase to our general loan loss reserve. Tthey balance of tthey 2Q adjustments, net to deduction of $47,000 and of course are listed in sctheydule one of our earnings release. Furttheyrmore, tthey $0.28 of core earnings for 2Q comfortably covers our $0.225 dividend paid. One of tthey remaining loans in our strategic plan is tthey underlying property completing some necessary repairs to enhance tthey value before it is marketed and sold. While tthey repairs are underway, tthey in place receiver solicited several brokers' opinions of value as a prelude to marketing tthey asset. Result of taking ttheyse new brokers' opinions and our existing appraisal into account is an additional reserve of $750,000. Additionally, we have estimated $550,000 and closing costs and related fees, which coupled with tthey revised evaluation total tthey $1.3 million of additional reserve, we've taken ttheir quarter. GAAP net income adjusted for ttheir reserve would have been $0.24 per common share. GAAP book value remained flat from March 31 at $14.06 per common share and represents a $0.04 from December 31 of last year. We began reporting economic book value in non-GAAP metric at December 31, 2018 in an effort to improve transparency for our shareholders and tthey analyst community. GAAP book value per share of $14.06, less tthey adjustments for an amortized discounts on our convertible notes and redemption value of our preferred stock, which totaled $0.43 per share deals an economic book value of $13.63 per share at June 30. As a point of comparison, tthey economic book value at December 31, 2017 was $13.63 per share. And ttheir clearly reflects our book value stability. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio rose to 3.5 times at June 30th up from 2.9 times at March 31. Assets specific debt rose by $314 million during tthey quarter, primarily due to tthey portfolio acquisition from C-III Commercial Mortgage and incremental leverage from tthey issuance of our newest CLO Exantas Capital Corp 2019-ROS7. Stockholders' equity remained flat as GAAP earnings were slightly above our dividend – bellow our dividend – I'm sorry and were offset by an improvement in our CMBS bond prices, which is reflected in our compretheynsive income. As Matt discussed, we had strong net CRE loan production during tthey second quarter 2019 and we also acquired 13.2 million of CMBS bonds, comprising $7.2 million of fixed rate bonds at a spread of 362 over swaps and 6 million of floating rate bonds at a spread of LIBOR plus 220. Loan payoffs and paydowns were $153.6 million with tthey spread of LIBOR plus 4.44%. And ttheyse loans had an average life of 25 months. Our positive net loan production includes tthey loan portfolio acquisition from C-III Commercial Mortgage at tthey end of May. And of course, we will see tthey full benefit from that acquisition to our run rate earnings profile in tthey third quarter of 2019. After tthey quarter, we redeemed our 2017 CRE 5 CLO after a 24 month lifespan. We had recently seen our CLOs lifespan average approximately 36 months. But as tthey floating rate loan market was impacted by tthey reduction in loan spreads over tthey last couple of years, borrowers took advantage of tthey favorable terms and refinanced out of ttheyir loans once tthey minimum interest periods expired. Looking atheyad, we expect to redeem its remaining 21 million of 8% convertible notes wtheyn ttheyy mature January 2020. Lastly, I want to reiterate that all of our loans have LIBOR floors. In a lower interest rate environment LIBOR floors do provide some asset yield protection. On investment returns would also be enhanced by a decline in tthey corresponding cost of our liabilities. Since tthey start of 2018, we have originated or acquired 1.5 billion of CRE loans with a weighted average LIBOR floor of 2.04%. And ttheyse loans are largely still under ttheyir minimum interest period protections. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back to Bob for final comments. Robert Lieber Thank you, Dave. And as Andrew said, ttheir has been one of our most productive quarters and you can see our long term operating strategy remains on track. We continue to grow our portfolio and strategically deploy capital, keeping us on track to reach full deployment at tthey end of 2019. We acquired a high quality portfolio of loans which are accretive to core earnings. Economic book value increased from last quarter, and we will be recommending to our board that we raise our dividends at $0.25 for tthey third quarter of 2019. Based on our progress, we remain optimistic and look forward updating you furttheyr on our next call. With that, I’d like to ask tthey operator to open up tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first questions is from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on your continued progress. Obviously, it looks like tthey strength in earnings was attributed to tthey theyavy deployment, I think Matt mentioned tthey figure of $476 million from all tthey investment categories. But we also noted, we were looking very closely at repayments because of how competitive things are and it seems like ttheyre’s a lot of bridge to bridge type of activity going on. So we saw $137 million in tthey – I guess I’ll call it tthey originated portfolio, about 8% on tthey quarter, which obviously lower prepayments theylps as well. So I’m curious if looking at tthey portfolio now and like we should consider it one combined portfolio, I guess, with tthey portfolio. But can you give us some color on what you see as your repayment outlook for tthey second half of ttheir year? Andrew Farkas Thanks, Steve. Paul, do you want to? Paul Hughson Okay. I mean, I think as you mentioned with spreads have a compressed with LIBOR have a compressed in ttheir as Dave mentioned, our loans having floors. We expect that ttheyre will be prepayments in tthey second half, as we have loans that come closer to tthey completion of tthey fruition of our business plans. Ttheyre are very few of our loans that have gone bridge to bridge, most of tthey prepayments that we’ve experienced are at assets wtheyre tthey business plan has been completed. Tthey asset is eittheyr refinanced by putting us permanent capital structure in place or so. And I think tthey kind of tthey near term, tthey near term repayments that we’re looking at, I think generally fall into those categories. Steve Delaney Okay, that’s theylpful. But it would seem like conditions in tthey market that I’m just from our standpoint as analyst and how we’re trying to, you know you have 350 to 400 but which you say of capacity. I’m just trying to kind of balance, should we assume that capital could likely be deployed by tthey end of tthey year or will we be fighting repayments that may make it impractical to get anottheyr 350 or 400 million deployed on a net basis? Robert Lieber I think in general, we’ve guided that it would be our expectation, as we pursue our aggregate capital deployment, as we’ve guided tthey industry that tthey inclusive of net of payoffs, we would expect to approach that level around year end. Ttheir year, obviously, it’s very difficult to predict exactly wtheyn payoffs will occur. But in general, I think it was our expectation relative to last year that that activity would slow down a little bit, what I mean is by payoffs. And as a result, we do think, as you’ve saw last quarter, I think it was about $113 million, ttheir quarter was quite a bit higtheyr. But even excluding tthey portfolio acquisition, it was about $100 million of net deployment. We would expect to continue to see that trend play out and that our net deployment would continue to rise. Paul Hughson Tthey C-III loans also are seasoned and ttheyy have different type of call protection. So tthey amount of call protection remaining on tthey C-III loans is minimal. Right what drives, what will drive tthey refinancing decisions, mostly in those cases is how far along ttheyy are on getting to a place wtheyre ttheyy could put ttheyir longer term capital structure in place. Because if you’re moving toward that structure, tthey frictional cost of refinancing again floater and ttheyn to go to effects, is pretty significant unless your unless your plan has stalled. Steve Delaney Got it. Okay. And Matt, you mentioned that C-III itself is out of tthey lending business. Were you referring just to senior floating rate loans, similar to what tthey REIT does or because I would assume that C-III is still doing conduit lending? So if you could clarify that that would be theylpful? Matttheyw Stern C-III is still doing conduit lending. And that maybe was a little bit confusing in tthey tax but tthey lending that could conceivably be deemed to be competitive to tthey REIT, C-III has exited. So tthey floating rate business C-III is no longer making floating rate loans of any stripe. C-III it is making fixed rate conduit loans. Steve Delaney Okay, great. That – I thought that was tthey case but I just wanted to clarify that so we don’t miss represented in our note. Well, thank you so much for tthey comments. That’s all I have ttheir morning. Appreciate it. David Bryant Thanks for your support. Steve. Matttheyw Stern Thanks, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Robert Lieber Good morning. Steptheyn Laws First, you guys should be commended. I was looking back at your decks from one and two years ago and you really you guys have done a nice job of executing strategic plan, what’s producing legacy assets and net income, return of 11% core of over 6%. So it’s been a nice job ttheyre. Following up on Steve’s question, sounds like you guys expect full deployment end of year. Are ttheyre close to that? As we think about 2020, and potential growth from ttheyre, are ttheyre current assets that maybe weren’t identified tthey strategic plan that maybe you’ll look to optimize? Do you think you’ll see a pickup in repayments that will result in kind of a net flat portfolio size in 2020? Or do you think it will be back in tthey market sometime tthey first half year kind of thinking about options of growing tthey balance ttheyyet and increasing capital base? Robert Lieber I think we don’t want to get too much into projections theyre. We talk about ttheir going forward theyre. I think that we’re optimistic about tthey momentum that we’re going theyre. And we’re constantly evaluating what our capital market choices might be. We haven’t made any decisions about any of that. Here today, our focus is on getting tthey continued deployment of tthey remaining availability that we have gone and reported on from – to earnings on our dividends. Steptheyn Laws Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn I guess, to bring things back much more near term. Dave, I think you commented in your remarks about we’ll see an additional benefit in Q3 from tthey full quarter impact of tthey acquired portfolio, which was above market spreads. What data that close or start contributing in Q2, so we can kind of think about that wtheyn we looked at our model for what tthey full quarter impact might be? David Bryant Yeah, as Bob said, it was about two thirds through tthey quarter by tthey end of May. And so it was only one third of an impact in ttheir particular quarter. Steptheyn Laws Great. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn kind of bigger picture, Bob. Wtheyn you think about, you guys invested that you’ve got tthey CMBS portfolio. Relative to each ottheyr, which you find more attractive now, is it clearly tthey portfolio acquisition was kind of a one off investment. But as your normal course of business, how do you think about allocating capital between your different investment options? Robert Lieber But we were looking at wtheyre we can find tthey best risk adjusted returns in tthey real estate debt space, wtheyttheyr that be on tthey floating rate loans, wtheyttheyr that be in CMBS or wtheyttheyr that be ottheyr kind of real estate credit investments. I think we’ve guided that around portfolio occasion kind of 65% plus, which would be in our floating rate, first mortgage business, and tthey balance we made up by wtheyre we see tthey most attractive risk adjusted returns. David Bryant Consistent with what Bob said, I think if you look at our investor presentation, we expect tthey loan portfolio to represent in tthey 65% to 75% range long term. Tthey balance of that today is in, you know, is in our bond portfolio. I think if you look at our portfolio today, it's closer to 80.20, but we continue to see opportunities in tthey bond side and look for ottheyr opportunities to deploy capital. And it really does evolve, just depending upon how tthey markets behave. Steptheyn Laws Great. And lastly, on tthey financing side for tthey CMBS securities, you know, can you talk about advanced rates and tthey cost of that financing, what type of leverage you're able to put on CMBS, and, you know, maybe how that's changed in your favor over tthey last year, if that's tthey case? David Bryant It certainly depends what type of bonds you're financing and what we're buying. We have a pretty, you know, a decent variety, obviously, we have down tthey fairway conduit oriented CMBS that we buy, but ttheyre are ottheyr single assent single borrower and agency oriented bonds that we buy. So it will depend, and obviously, wtheyre it sits in tthey stack. But tthey financing against those bonds has remained attractive, consistent with what we're getting on repo on tthey loan side. And I would say, in general, leverage is about tthey same as we can see on tthey loan side, in terms of our normal repo, but advanced rates are – I'm sorry – tthey rate that we are charged is quite a bit lower on tthey bond side that you tend to see on tthey loan side. Steptheyn Laws Great. Well, thank you for taking my questions. And again, nice job on tthey business developments over tthey last couple years. David Bryant Great, thank you. Robert Lieber Thanks for your questions, Steve. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time, so now I'll turn it back to management for any closing remarks. Robert Lieber We want to thank you all for joining us for tthey second quarter earnings call and we look forward to speaking again in a couple of months and updating you on our third quarter progress. Thank you, all. Operator Ttheir concludes Exantas Capital Q2 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.