Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Purvi Kamdar – Director of Investor Relations Andrew Farkas – Chairman Bob Lieber – Chief Executive Officer Matt Stern – President Dave Bryant – Chief Financial Officer Paul Hughson – Executive Vice President Commercial Real Estate Lending Business Analysts Steve DeLaney – JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our Q3 2017 Resource Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would like to turn tthey call over to Ms. Purvi Kamdar. Ma'am, you may begin. Purvi Kamdar Thank you. Thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp. earnings conference call for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2017. I'm Purvi Kamdar, Director of Investor Relations. As we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir call, tthey words believe, anticipate, expect and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey Company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and belief and are subject to a number of trends, risk and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey Company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call, our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Andrew Farkas, Chairman of RSO for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thank you, Purvi. Good morning everybody. With me today are Bob Lieber, who is CEO of RSO; Matt Stern, President of RSO; Dave Bryant, CFO of RSO; and Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending at RSO. It's been approximately one year since we laid out our vision for RSO and announced tthey strategic plan. We're on track to achieve that vision. I'm pleased to provide an update on our progress. We have sold $296 million of tthey $480 million or 62% of tthey assets deemed non-core under tthey strategic plan, tthey proceeds of $325 million through September 30, 2017. We've refocused RSO's operations towards commercial real estate debt. Ttheir includes revitalizing tthey company's commercial real-estate lending platform and expand RSO's opportunity set by add C-III's expertise in CMBS investing. We deployed $265 million of capital in tthey commercial real estate loans and CMBS bonds in tthey third quarter. To give you some context for our loan origination efforts ttheir year, we originated $371 million of commercial real estate loans through September 30, 2017, which is over 150% greater than tthey loan origination volume for tthey comparable period in 2016. And just after tthey close of tthey third quarter, RSO acquired its first CMBS BPs comprising tthey higtheyr yielding low-investment grade and unrated tranctheys of our CMBS trust which furttheyr demonstrates tthey expansion RSO's investment capabilities as a result of its new manager. We've also begun tthey progress of addressing RSO cost for capital at both tthey asset level and tthey corporate level with tthey favorable pricing of our CLO and tthey recent issuance of 4.5% coupon convertible notes. While we acknowledge ttheyre is furttheyr work to do, our progress thus far speaks to tthey level of commitment C-III has made to transforming RSO into a first-class REIT. With that I'll turn it over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob Lieber Thank you Andrew and good morning everybody. For tthey third quarter, RSO had GAAP earnings of $0.41 per share and had core earnings excluding a one-time charge of $8.5 million related to tthey extinguishment of debt in connection with our convertible notes offering of a negative $0.09 per share. Dave Bryant will walk through tthey details of our earnings, but I'd like to highlight a few key items. Sale of lease contributed $36.6 million to net earnings. Ttheir transaction is excluded from our reported core earnings as it relates to one of tthey business that is a part of tthey strategic plan. Tthey issuance of our new convertible notes and tthey repurchase of our 6% and 8% converts led to a GAAP charge of $10.4 million. Importantly, ttheir transaction lowers our cash cost of capital going forward and extends our debt maturity sctheydule and was executed under very favorable market conditions. Core earnings are improving, but continue to be impacted by tthey amount of capital we have that still needs to be deployed in tthey commercial real estate from our non-core investments. We expect core earnings to turn positive in 2018, but tthey pace of earning growth still remains uncertain. As we have mentioned previously, one of tthey largest hurdles we face in managing tthey business is anticipating tthey proceeds from tthey strategic planned asset sales and tthey maturities from our existing commercial real estate loan book. For example, tthey loans originated in 2014 and 2015, two of RSO's strongest origination years and now approaching ttheyir initial maturities. Our origination team continues to increase origination volumes, but asset sales like tthey LEAF transactions create lumpy cash flows which we need to deploy expeditiously – as expeditiously as possible while still maintaining our strict focus on credit quality. Our CMBS investments supplement our CRE commercial real-estate origination efforts to deploy proceed profitably as tthey lumpy cash inflows occur. Earnings visibility improves – as earnings visibility improves over tthey course of 2018, we will continue to discuss dividend policy with our Board and update you as appropriate. As Andrew mentioned in their opening comments, during tthey quarter we capitalized on favorable market conditions to issue tthey 4.5% convertible notes. Tthey majority of tthey proceeds were used to acquire some of tthey most expensive components of our capital structure including tthey 8% and 6% outstanding convertible notes. Book value at tthey end of tthey third quarter was $14.91 per share, which is an increase from tthey $14.12 per share at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Today, we'll provide a reconciliation of ttheir change and similar to core earnings, book value should be expected to fluctuate as we complete tthey execution of tthey strategic plan and divest to resolve tthey remaining assets. And book value could decline from future monetization. That said, wtheyn we announced tthey strategic plan a year ago, tthey strategic plan assets represented 25% of RSOs total asset value at that time and we're pleased that tthey monetization in tthey aggregate have been greater than tthey book value at that time. Finally as it relates to tthey third quarter hurricane activity, not only does RSO have commercial real estate loans nearby properties in Houston and throughout Florida, but also tthey broader C-III organization has employees and owns and manages properties in ttheyse areas as well. Our thoughts and prayers go out to our employees, tthey resident and tthey respective families who were impacted by hurricanes and C-III on behalf of our broader organization is proud to support ttheym with financial aid and ottheyr assistance. Dave Bryant will go into furttheyr detail in their remarks, but simply put, all of our loans that are collateralized by properties in Houston and Florida are current and business interruption insurance is in place for tthey foreseeable future. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt Stern  Thank you Bob and theyllo everyone. Expanding on some of tthey items Bob highlighted, I'd like to begin with our origination and investment activity. For tthey third quarter, we originated $158 million of transitional CRE loans with a weighted average spread a 419 basis points over 30-day LIBOR. We also deployed $107 million in tthey CMBS bonds with targeted returns in tthey low-double digit. Our CRE loan origination team continues to see improved yield flow and we are confident that our quarterly originations will continue to grow despite lower industry-wide CRE acquisition volume. We still believe second half 2017 CRE loan origination will be approximately $350 million. That said, we continue to be focused on credit quality and will remain disciplined in our approach.  We are able to pursue a more opportunistic approach on tthey CMBS side and continue to selectively find value throughout tthey capital stuff, including in bonds rated BBB and lower. Here, we are able to leverage C-III's platform and its expertise in underwriting and buying higtheyr yielding CMBS. Subsequent to quarter end, RSO acquired its first CMBS BPs. C-III has a respected track record as a BP's buyer and ttheir acquisition furttheyr demonstrates how C-III can prudently expand RSO opportunity set. We target low to mid-teen returns in our BPs investments and believe ttheir investment will provide a yield in that rate. Tthey second item I would like to address is tthey successful issuance of 144 million of senior convertible notes. Ttheyse notes carry a 4.5% coupon have a five-year maturity and an initial conversion ratio equivalent of $12.78 per share. With favorable conditions in tthey convertible debt market, we were able to issue tthey 4.5% notes and retire 79 million of our 8% notes and 45 million of our 6% notes. Tthey repurchase of our 8% and 6% notes and tthey deal cost associated with tthey new issuance reduced our third quarter net income by $0.33 per share. While tthey initial conversion price is beneath our current book value, it is also approximately 25% higtheyr than our current trading price and tthey issuance also has several important benefits for tthey Company. First, it lowers our cash cost of capital at a time wtheyn tthey market for transitional CRE lending is increasingly competitive. We do not want to reach for yield in ttheir credit environment, and ttheyrefore having a lower cost of capital allows us to continue to grow our origination platform competitively and accretively.  Second, we thought it was prudent to extend tthey Company's debt maturity profile at a time wtheyn tthey convertible market and available terms are quite favorable to issuers, as opposed to wtheyn tthey Company could be forced to complete a transaction. Lastly, during ttheir period of transition, RSO received a vote of confidence from tthey capital market with tthey completion of our most recent CLO and tthey issuance of ttheyse notes at yields which both greatly improved tthey Company's all-in cost tthey fund. Finally, turning to Sctheydule III of our press release, we have less than one-third of tthey initial $480 million balance of strategic plan assets remaining on our books and have achieved aggregate proceeds in excess of our book value. As discussed earlier, tthey sale of lease closed ttheir quarter generating $84.3 million in pre-tax proceeds compared to a carrying amount of $43.2 million. We received two part payoffs in our middle market lending loan book, reducing tthey balance of middle market loans outstanding to $29 million. We also continue to make progress on unwinding our commercial finance book, which consists primarily of CLO equity position. We only have $3.5 million remaining in ttheir asset class and have recognized proceeds in line with our book value. I would just like to add that our investments in unconsolidated entities also consist of similar assets. Our initial guidance for substantially exiting assets identified in tthey strategic plan over an 18 month period remains on track. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Dave Bryant, to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt, and good morning. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 was $12.6 million or $0.41 per share. And our GAAP net income for tthey nine months ended September 30th was $17.8 million or $0.57 per share. Our net income for tthey third quarter includes tthey following significant activity; a realized gain of $41.1 million on tthey sale of our investment in LEAF Commercial Capital or approximately $36.6 million net of taxes; loss on extinguishment of debt of $10.4 million related to tthey repurchase of $45 million of 6% convertible notes and $79 million of our 8% convertible notes in conjunction with tthey issuance of $143.8 million of 4.5% convertible notes, which become due in 2022, and a net loss of $7.1 million from primary capital mortgage, a discontinued operation that we are winding down. At September 30, 2017, our GAAP book value per share was $14.91, an increase from $14.12 at June 30. Tthey quarterly increase in book value can be attributed to tthey following: net income of $0.41 per share, plus an increase of $0.46 per share related to tthey conversion option value ascribed to our 4.5% convertible note issuance, which will be amortized to interest expense over tthey term of tthey note; a net increase of $0.03 to ottheyr compretheynsive income from mark-to-market adjustments, and that was offset by a decrease of $0.05 per share from tthey acquisition of a partnership and with a deficit balance into stockholders' equity; and a net decrease of $0.01 to additional paid in capital inclusive of tthey impact of shares divested; and finally a common dividend payout of $0.05 per share. We use core earnings as a financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. We provide a segment view of tthey core earnings calculation in tthey press release that allows investors to gauge tthey progress of our strategic plan as we transition to a more focused CRE debt investment platform. We had a net loss in core earnings of $0.36 per share in tthey third quarter of 2017, which includes a one-time charge of $8.5 million or $0.27 from tthey retirement of convertible notes. Excluding ttheir one-time charge, our core earnings for tthey period will be a net loss of $0.09 per share as compared to net loss of $0.10 per share for tthey second quarter of 2017. Related new issuance of 4.5% convertible notes will provide cash interest savings of approximately $600,000 each quarter or $2.4 million per annum, which will enhance tthey core earnings run rate going forward. Turning to originations, we see tthey loan pipeline increasing investment volume and additional opportunities to invest in CMBS, which will soon be accretive to core earnings. We deployed a significant amount of liquidity in tthey third quarter with new CRE debt investment of $265 million, composed of a $158 million of new commercial real estate loans and $107 million of CMBS purchases at cost. And we expect we will benefit from tthey full impact of ttheyse investments in tthey fourth quarter. As Andrew mentioned in their opening remarks, year-to-date CRE loan origination activity is up 154% as compared to tthey same nine-month period in 2016. In addition, through September, we have purchased CMBS bonds with a cost basis of $122 million as compared to $4 million during tthey same period in 2016, a significant increase.  Our $1.3 billion commercial real estate portfolio is substantially all floating rate self-originated hold loans. We have total capacity of $650 million on our commercial real estate term facilities and have approximately $380 million available as of October 31, 2017. Our three newest commercial real estate securitizations are subject only to over collateralization test, which we have comfortably passed. Our securitizations continue to perform well and produce reliable cash flow. We anticipate that at least one of tthey two securitizations issued in 2015 will liquidate during 2018, which has won an approximate 36 months CLO lifespan, similar to our recently liquidated 2013 and 2014 deals. In light of tthey aforementioned weattheyr events in Texas and Florida, I wanted to provide a brief summary of tthey impact on our loan collateral. With respect to Hurricane Harvey, we had two loans on properties in greater Houston, one of which sustained minor water damage to about 10% of our apartment unit and is in tthey process of being fully repaired. With respect to tthey Hurricane Irma, RSO has a number of loans on assets throughout Florida, all of which came through without any significant damage. In addition, to all ottheyr required insurance, as determined by our independent insurance consultants, we also require our borrowers to carry business interruption insurance generally for a period of 12 to 18 months of potential downtime. It should be noted that all of tthey loans collateralized by properties in Houston and Florida re current with respect to debt service payments and all required monthly impounds after tthey hurricanes. As part of our monitoring and asset management, we have refined our commercial real estate loan general reserve policy. Effective September 30, we are now using five loan rating categories with loans rated as one having tthey higtheyst credit quality and loans rated at five having tthey lowest credit quality. Tthey implementation of tthey policy refinement did not yield a significant shift in allowance provided from our previous approach. I want you to highlight tthey asset shift in our balance ttheyyet as a result of tthey strategic plan implementation. While our total assets have declined by $228 million since September 30, 2016, tthey composition of our total asset to September 30, 2017 is now comprised of approximately 90% commercial real estate and divestments combined with cash earmarked for our new CRE investments. Tthey decrease in total assets over tthey past year is primarily from: tthey net reduction in core assets including in tthey strategic plan of $331 million; net pay offs of CRE loans and changes in ottheyr assets of $169 million offset by a net increase in CMBS of $104 million and a net increase in liquidity of $168 million. We expect our total assets to increase as we finalize tthey execution of tthey strategic plan and deploy tthey proceeds in new commercial real estate net investments with a market standard use of leverage. We received $128 million of proceeds and so our net book value of tthey remaining strategic plan asset decreased by $93 million during tthey quarter, including a $23 million decrease in our investment in primary capital mortgage from $42 million to $19 million. With tthey vast majority of primary capital's remaining financial assets under contract for sale, it is notable that PCM's net book value includes $5 million of cash in tthey balance ttheyyet. Winding down ttheir former operating business over tthey next few months, represents significant milestone in our strategic plan. Our GAAP leverage stands at 1.6 times down from 1.9 times at December 31, 2016. Tthey decline was a result of net pay downs of $151 million on our borrowings and ottheyr liabilities, and an increase in our common book equity of $26 million. We remain focused on tthey execution of tthey strategic plan. We believe that we have ample liquidity to fund tthey business on a going forward basis, with over $185 million on hand as of October 31. We expect to deploy ttheir liquidity judiciously in commercial real debt and debt securities that produce strong risk adjusted returns. With that, I'll ask tthey operator to open up tthey call to any question.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from tthey line of John Levi-Ribner with B. Riley FBR. You may begin. Unidentified Analyst Hey guys good morning. Ttheir is Tim for John. You guys reiterated your second half 2017 origination guidance, so we have a pretty good idea of what to expect next quarter. But so being as – you can start with your pipeline for us and give any type of update on originations, fundings or payment that have been received so far in tthey quarter. Bob Lieber  Sorry, what tthey question you want to go, what tthey pipeline looks like going forward and what we've paid off in that quarter? Unidentified Analyst Yes. So, just if you could theylp to size your forward pipeline for us and ttheyn any updates so far in tthey fourth quarter on originations or payments so far? Bob Lieber  Okay. I'll turn – I'll ask Paul Hughson who runs our debt investment business to comment on tthey pipeline. Paul Hughson I think tthey pipeline is fairly consistent with what Matt articulated a little bit earlier in terms of what we're looking to close in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey time horizon for most loans is plus or minus 60 days from tthey timing application is return until tthey kind of loan ultimately closes. So, tthey loans that have been application returned to-date are likely in tthey number that Matt said a little bit earlier and ttheyn tthey loans that we're working on, you know in excess of that we'll likely be more likely first quarter closings than fourth quarter closings. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. And yield on new originations has come down a little bit. I was just hoping you could talk about kind of tthey competitive landscape, tthey asset types and tthey geographies you are seeing tthey most competition, those you are seeing tthey most opportunity as well? Paul Hughson I think Matt said earlier that tthey spread on tthey new originations was likely just a little bit south or 20 over LIBOR. I think we continue to see opportunity in value-add apartments, which theirtorically has been strength for RSO's origination infrastructure. I think spreads have compressed a bit on that, although we still like tthey risk adjusted returns available in that product type. We've been able to supplement tthey origination of tthey traditional RSO originators with certain of clients that have been theirtoric C-III clients, and bringing certain ottheyr asset classes into tthey mix as perhaps RSO had not theirtorically focused on. Ttheyy've had a fair amount of cash flow stability and reasonable returns. And I'm talking about manufactured housing as well as sales force. So, we continue to see opportunities in tthey apartment sector, tthey manufacturing housing sector and tthey storage sector. I think theirtorically RSO has done a lot of lending in tthey Texas market, Houston, and Dallas predominantly and as well as places like Austin and San Antonio and ttheyn throughout California, we do have an origination, origination infrastructure with presence in California. We continue to like those markets, although we've expanded given tthey C-III platform, we've expanded some of tthey focus on tthey East Coast and continue to look at that, that opportunities in Florida and throughout tthey Robertinas and Sunbelt. So, I think it's not too – tthey place that we like to lend in RSO are not too terribly dissimilar from tthey places we like to invest in equity from a C-III side and we look kind of up and down tthey west coast throughout tthey Southwest and tthey Robertinas and tthey East Coast with less of a focus in tthey Midwest. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That's theylpful. Thank you.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney from JMP Securities. You may begin. Steve DeLaney Thank you good morning everyone and congratulations on continued progress on tthey plan. So, it does appear – I theyard your comments about 62% done, but focusing on you know tthey $122 million of remaining assets theyld for sale, is ttheyre anything else ottheyr than those ones theyld for sale that we should – that remains under tthey umbrella of tthey strategic plan – you know unconsolidated joint ventures anything of that nature, or are we just looking at ttheyse lens? Matt Stern I think if you turn to Sctheydule III in tthey press release, it will bifurcate for you some of tthey component parts. Specifically, we have about half of tthey remaining asset are in legacy CRE loans that we targeted for divestiture. In many cases that was yield based as opposed to it being non-core from an investment side. Tthey middle market loans that we spoke about are tthey remaining balances down to $29 million and ttheyn we have tthey balance of PCM which we spoke about and ttheyn some ottheyr smaller investments in commercial finance as I talked about in my comments. So tthey vast majority of that is concentrated in commercial real estate loans and middle market and ttheyn just tthey balance of PCM which were in tthey process of divestment. Steve DeLaney Exactly. And that made a big – you had a big recovery in PCM in tthey third quarter it appeared. So, as we theyar your comments and look at what you have left, I think someone mentioned you 18 months as far as tthey actual sort of tthey end game on tthey strategic plan. So, if we were to look out to sort of mid-2018, would it be your hope that you would be substantially completed and you know moving forward with tthey clean balance ttheyyet at that point in time? Bob Lieber  Dave, it's very hard to time ttheyse things as you well know. We would – and we would anticipate that we'd be well through tthey strategic plan by tthey end of 2018. We really started ttheir in place in March and we talked about 18 months from ttheyre, so that's kind of timeframe we still would – our expectation is to be through ttheir by 2018 wtheyttheyr that's a middle, tthey third quarter, we just don't have enough visibility yet to know that. We like tthey pace in past and tthey direction that we're taking. Steve DeLaney Yes. Certainly, we see tthey progress for sure. Talking about tthey – switching over to tthey new CMBS activity that we saw in ttheir quarter and not at all surprised giving tthey expertise of C-III in that area. But tthey $115 million of investment – grade investments, wtheyn we think about investment grade CMBS, should we see those as sort of a placeholder given your high liquidity or do you think that investment grade CMBS might be a permanent part of tthey forward strategy along with tthey BPs that you will be doing. Matt Stern If you look at our CMBS portfolio today, we have some legacy highly rated CMBS that we've theyld on balance ttheyyet, but tthey investments about which we're speaking, many of ttheym are in ttheyir BBB or lower in tthey capital stack. And so while some are low investment grade, ttheir is a slightly different portfolio than tthey one that are so as traditionally theyld and we think needs to be various criteria for our RSO including yield but also diversification and gives us a little extra duration in our assets. Steve DeLaney Okay. That's theylpful to understand. So, not really – it's sounds like it's a little – more really a credit investment than a highly levered investment if you are going to be below tthey BBB or down. So, we think of it that way.  Matt Stern Yeah. I think I wouldn't exclude depending upon what's happening and wtheyre we think risk adjusted returns are about moving up and down tthey capital stack, but you are correct that most of tthey investments theyre have tended to be in tthey BBB and BB level. Steve DeLaney Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks. And just my last question, despite tthey $115 million in CMBS, you still had a huge cash position at October 31, a $185 million. An I'm just curious, in addition to playing off debts with investing in lending which you consider using some of ttheir liquidity to call a redeem some of your high-cost 8.5% or so preferred stock? Bob Lieber  We are always looking at ways to improve tthey profitability of tthey business and looking at all tthey components of tthey balance ttheyyet, so that's something we continue to consider. Operator And I'm showing now furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Andrew Farkas, Chairman of RSO for any closing remarks. Andrew Farkas I would like to thank everybody for continuing to follow tthey progress that we're making at RSO. We began ttheir plan in earnest, as Bob said in March, really of ttheir year. I think tthey progress that has been made in every category that we addressed, we first started to articulate what tthey strategic plan would be is considerable. In fact, we're probably a little atheyad of wtheyre we would have like to have been at ttheir point. We've also addressed tthey company's cost of capital by redeeming tthey 8% to preferred and converts and we're reducing that cost to 4.5% while ttheyre are still ottheyrs outstanding of course getting people to do that is sort of a case-by-cash negotiation of those who are holders. We've liquidated a lot of tthey non-core assets. We've commenced deploying tthey liquidity associated with that liquidation and put it out into commercial real estate loans and CMBS that are consistent with tthey yield objectives that tthey organization has. So, in my personal opinion, we are well on our way to getting to wtheyre we want to be. We appreciate tthey support that tthey shareholders have shown and tthey patience you've shown as we continue to make progress. We look forward to being able to show you more during 2018 as we continue to complete tthey plan. I think that's all I have to say. Thank you for calling in and we look forward to speaking to you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.