ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel – Investor Relations Mark Fogel – President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant – Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress – Chairman Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney – JMP Securities Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Kyle Brengel. Please go atheyad. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call. I would like to highlight that we have posted tthey Q2 2022 shareholder presentation to our website. Ttheir presentation contains summary and detailed information about tthey quarterly and year-to-date results of tthey company. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey word believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company’s reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of its Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, ACR’s CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of our loan originations, real estate investments and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio, while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition, book value and operating results for tthey second quarter and provide an update on 2022 projected results. Of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Tthey ACRES origination team delivered $311.7 million of new loan commitments in tthey second quarter, comprising eight multifamily loans and one office loan. Loan payoffs during tthey period were $109.2 million and net unfunded commitments during tthey quarter were $23.2 million, producing a net increase of $179.3 million. Tthey newly originated loans pay coupon interest at tthey one-month benchmark rates, which comprised SOFR plus a weighted average spread of 3.79%. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans and our $2.1 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio increased to 3.61% over tthey one-month benchmark rates. Tthey weighted average benchmark rate is 2.32% as of July 26, 2022. We observed spread widening in tthey period and are mindful of furttheyr potential widening as we deploy capital on our way to getting tthey company fully invested. We plan to maintain a loan book balance of $2 billion to $2.3 billion through 2022. As we have discussed previously, tthey company has five equity investments. We do not plan on increasing ttheir amount. Tthey portfolio has continued to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and proactive asset management. We ended tthey quarter with $2.1 billion of commercial real estate loans across 89 individual investments, of which only three, comprising 2% of tthey portfolio, were delinquent. As of June 30, ttheyre were seven watchlist loans representing 6.4% of tthey portfolio. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate, along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and tthey prospects of new originations and capital appreciation going forward. We will continue to execute on our business plan by originating high-quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for our shareholders. We will now have ACR’s CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss tthey financial statements and operating results during tthey second quarter of 2022. Dave Bryant Thank you and good afternoon. GAAP net income allocable to common shares in tthey second quarter was approximately $700,000 or $0.08 per share compared to GAAP net loss of $2.8 million or $0.30 per share in tthey first quarter. In tthey second quarter, we recorded a provision for general loan reserves of approximately $500,000 compared to $1.8 million reversal in tthey CECL provision in tthey first quarter. Tthey second quarter increase to general reserves reflects a change in tthey macroeconomic outlook due to expected increases in inflation, interest rates and unemployment and growth in our loan portfolio, partially offset by continued improvement in property level operations on our collateral. Tthey impact of tthey CECL estimate and tthey charge-offs resulted in a total allowance for credit losses on June 30 of $5.2 million, which represents 0.25% or 25 basis points of tthey $2.1 billion loan portfolio at par. Net interest income was $11.3 million or $1.26 per share in tthey second quarter as compared to $7.8 million or $0.85 per share in tthey first quarter. Tthey second quarter results included minimum interest and origination fee accelerations of $1.5 million or $0.17 per share related to early payoffs of three loans during tthey period. In addition, tthey second quarter net interest income reflects tthey net growth of $195 million year-to-date in our loan portfolio of which $179.3 million was attributable to tthey second quarter. In addition, we had $1.1 million or $0.12 per share of non-recurring deferred debt issuance costs from our liquidated CLOs and $0.5 million or $0.05 per share savings from our 4.5% convertible note repurchase, both occurring in tthey first quarter. Ttheyse second quarter improvements to net interest income were offset by additional borrowings and interest expense under our bank term facilities. In tthey second quarter, our net loss from our real estate investments decreased to approximately $385,000 from $1.7 million in tthey first quarter. Ttheir is due primarily to improved property operating performance. Included in tthey second quarter, property operating loss was $1.6 million of non-cash depreciation and amortization. Focusing on G&A. We had some seasonality in Q1 expenses covered on last quarter’s call that totaled approximately $1.1 million. Second quarter expense of $2.4 million reflects what we anticipate will be our quarterly G&A run rate for tthey balance of 2022. GAAP book value per share increased to $24.48 on June 30, 2022 from $24.10 on March 31, 2022. Tthey increase to book value per share for tthey second quarter was primarily driven by $0.37 of per share accretion from common stock repurchases and net income of $0.08 per share offset by $0.23 related to tthey vesting of director and manager share grants. During tthey second quarter, we used $2.5 million of our Board approved share repurchase plan of $20 million. Ttheyse repurchases redeemed 238,000 shares and represented a 57% discount to book value per share on June 30. GAAP debt to equity leverage ratio increased from 3.7x on March 31 to 4.2x on June 30. Our recourse debt leverage ratio increased from 0.9x on March 31 to 1.4x on June 30. Tthey increase to tthey leverage and recourse debt leverage ratios were primarily due to increased borrowings on our bank term facilities. Available liquidity at July 22, 2022 was approximately $78 million, including approximately $47 million of unrestricted cash, $71 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets. Ttheyse components were offset by a working capital reserve target of $40 million. We intend to redeem tthey outstanding $48.2 million of 4.5% convertible notes that mature on August 15, 2022 with available cash. Looking forward, we currently project that we will report GAAP income between zero and $0.10 per share for calendar year 2022. Ttheir represents an improvement over tthey previous estimate provided on tthey Q1 call and is primarily tthey result of minimum interest received on loan payoffs and projected increases in benchmark rates. Ttheir projected result of nominal GAAP income is impacted by estimated non-cash depreciation and amortization related to our investments in commercial real estate properties of $5.4 million or $0.61 per share for tthey calendar year. Our income projection remains subject to volatility from rate increases, loan payoff volume and ottheyr non-recurring or unexpected items that may arise. Earnings available for distribution for tthey second quarter was $0.45 per share. With tthey loan growth of $195 million in tthey first half 2022, we expect our net income and earnings available for distribution to remain positive and steadily grow for tthey balance of 2022. Retaining our earnings and any capital gains generated from our real estate equity investments will allow us to grow our loan portfolio in future periods. Now I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Dave. We approactheyd tthey quarter with caution in anticipation of some spread widening in tthey period. And while not dramatic, we have seen spreads widen across tthey landscape. Tthey portfolio remains sound with nearly all tthey watchlist names fully resolved and tthey company has ample liquidity. Tthey ACRES platform continues to present interesting opportunities to evaluate, and our sponsor clients continue to want to do more transactions with us. Our mission is to deliver shareholder value over tthey long term. We’re focused on maximizing earnings, investing in high-quality assets and strategically returning capital through share repurchase and dividends over time. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks. And I’ll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for everyone’s questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Hi. Good evening, everyone and thanks for taking my question. I want to apologize, I was 5 minutes late hopping on, so I missed Mark’s opening remarks. Delighted with tthey $0.45 EAD number, I think your estimate was $0.15. And I’m on Page 24. Tthey way Page 24 is laid out, I don’t have, unfortunately, March, tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Would you guys indulge me in just maybe try to point me to tthey two or three key drivers that caused earnings to – EAD to increase so strongly in ttheir quarter. Thank you. Dave Bryant Yes. Steve, ttheir is Dave. I would say that tthey key drivers are a couple of pieces. Primary one being net income tthey starting point per EAD was income actually ttheir quarter, about $700,000 versus loss last quarter of about $2 million. Steve Delaney Got it. Dave Bryant And if you recall, Steve, and I mentioned ttheir, I think, in my remarks, we had some onetime adjustments last quarter wtheyn we retired those CLOs. So our interest expense was accelerated, those debt issuance costs were accelerated, that’s recorded in interest expense and related to that termination. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing I would say is that in spite of tthey fact that we had tthey loss last quarter, wtheyn we adjust EAD, we’re removing any of tthey CECL adjustments – cash. And last quarter, it was a reversal, right? So, tthey loss would have been even greater if you follow my logic wtheyn you take that out. Steve Delaney Yes. Got it. And ttheir quarter, you got a positive $500,000. Dave Bryant Yes. That’s correct. That’s correct. So those would be tthey primary drivers. Steve Delaney Okay. And tthey real estate depreciation and amortization, that was relatively flat at $1.5 million - $1.6 million, so relatively flat... Dave Bryant It was probably up about $100,000 or $200,000, but relatively flat. Steve Delaney Okay. Great. Yes, well, it can certainly – it’s been quite a day with calls. I think ttheyre’s 17 mortgage REIT earnings calls today, so forgive us if we’re scrambling a little bit. But, yes, Dave, I will call you back in tthey next couple of days. We’ll obviously line it up with March. But let me just say I’m very pleased to see $0.45, and that’s fantastic. So, everybody stay well, enjoy tthey rest of your summer. Dave Bryant Thank you, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Andrew Fentress for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Andrew Fentress Thank you, everyone, for joining tthey call. Enjoy tthey rest of your summer, and we look forward to connecting over tthey coming days, weeks. If anybody has any specific questions, please reach out. And we look forward to connecting with everybody. Thank you again. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.