ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 4, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - Vice President Mark Fogel - President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Steven Laws - Raymond James Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Operator Thank you. Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2020 ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including it's reports on Form 8-K, 10-Q, 10-K and in particular, tthey Risk Factors sections of our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information does not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, our CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACRES. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Today I will provide an overview of our strategic initiatives, updates on our portfolio, and our resumption of originating loans; while Dave Bryant will discuss our financial statements and operating results for tthey fourth quarter. And of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. I want to begin by highlighting a significant post year event. As of February 16, Exantas Capital Corp. became ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. and is listed on tthey New York Stock Exchange under tthey symbol ACR. Ttheir was tthey final step in tthey strategic transition of Exantas to tthey ACRES network by bringing tthey platforms togettheyr under tthey ACRES name. As discussed previously, ACRES and Exantas's complementary platforms will theylp us to achieve our goal to be an end-to-end solution for tthey middle market commercial real estate borrowers nationwide and accelerate our loan originations overtime. We marked a significant milestone during tthey fourth quarter wtheyn we began originating loans again, tthey first since March 2020. During ttheir time we closed five commercial real estate whole loans for $83.4 million; significantly two of ttheyse loans are refinanced, ACRES Capital development loans. Ttheyse loans were collateralized by a mix of multi-family and selective hospitality properties, and we're issued relatively in line with tthey portfolio LTV at 71% and carry a weighted average coupon of one month LIBOR plus 6.19%. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $1.5 billion in loan assets across 98 individual investments. As of January 2021, 98% of tthey loans were performing while only 2% were delinquent. Additionally, during tthey fourth quarter, 12 borrowers paid down or fully repaid a $160 million of ttheyir loans, we continue to believe that tthey ability of our borrowers to refinance in ttheir uncertain environment speaks to tthey theyalth and quality of tthey sponsors and assets underlying our loan portfolio. Our portfolio was well diversified in terms of both, geographic concentration and property type. Outside of Texas, no state comprises more than 10% of our loans, and approximately one-third of our portfolio is in tthey high growth souttheyrn region of tthey United States. Multi-family, which has been one of tthey most resilient asset classes during tthey challenges of tthey pandemic is 56% of tthey portfolio, while tthey remainder is split between office, hotel, self-storage and ottheyr assets. As discussed last quarter, we took a deep dive into tthey entire portfolio and created a specific plan for each asset on our watch list. We sold our last remaining asset theyld for sale, a hotel asset in California. We also received a deed in lieu of foreclosure on a select service hotel valued at approximately $40 million upon acquisition, which was an excess of tthey loans cost basis. As progress was made on tthey vaccine rollout we will determine tthey optimal plan forward with ttheir asset and we'll report accordingly. We have made sequential progress regarding our balance ttheyyet and liquidity position. At year-end, our total leverage ratio was 3.9 times debt to total equity, down from 4.6 times at tthey end of tthey third quarter. In terms of recourse debt, leverage was 0.8 times, down from 1.1 times. As of tthey end of February, ACRES had $150 million of net liquidity, overall working capital reserve target of $40 million to deploy into additional commercial real estate loans and common stock repurchases. At December 31, 2020 $1 billion of financing capacity comprising three different term warehousing financing facilities, a senior secured financing facility and senior unsecured notes was available. Tthey ACRES network is now actively originating and underwriting new loan opportunities on behalf of tthey company, and we are focused on finding tthey ideal combination of location, assets and sponsorship. As mentioned previously, we restarted loan originations in November 2020 closing $83.4 million of commercial real estate loans. Building on that momentum, during tthey first quarter of 2021 our originations are already approaching $100 million to date. As we continue to execute our strategy, we are confident that we will continue to see opportunities to increase originations. In terms of tthey market dynamics, ttheyre is a fair amount of competition for high quality loans, particularly in sectors that have been more resilient to COVID-related challenges such as multi-family and industrial. To that point, we have seen moderate spread compression in ttheyse types of assets but we are also seeing opportunities that offer wider spreads in segments such as hospitality and office. We will remain selective and focus on credit quality, markets and sponsors, and believe we will continue to source a mix of attractive opportunities. As we move through 2021, we are confident about tthey market to deploy capital using tthey ACRES network and tthey enhanced capitalization. Our priorities remain on actively managing tthey loans in our portfolio and continuing to pursue originations with focus on appropriate risk-adjusted returns. We have an experienced underwriting team and a highly disciplined approach, and I am encouraged by our pipeline and our progress closing loans year-to-date. In addition, we are exploring tthey possibility of structuring a CLO in tthey coming months weighing tthey opportunity based upon market conditions. We will look forward to reporting to you on our activity going forward. We will now have our CFO, Dave Bryant discuss our financial statements and operating results during tthey quarter. Dave Bryant Thank you, Mark and good afternoon. Our fourth quarter results reflect our continued positive progress. Before discussing tthey results for tthey quarter, I would like to note that all per share numbers reflect tthey 1-for-3 reverse stock split that took effect on February 16. At that time, every three issued an outstanding shares of company common stock were converted into one share of company common stock. Any fractional shares that were created because of tthey split were returned to shareholders in tthey form of cash. Taking effect of tthey split, ACRES Commercial Realty's diluted weighted average common shares outstanding over tthey fourth quarter was approximately 11 million shares. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended December 31, 2020 was $21.5 million or $1.95 per share, up from $3.8 million or $0.36 per share in tthey prior year fourth quarter. GAAP net income includes $18.6 million or $1.70 in CECIL reserve recovery. Ttheir positive movement reflects a more constructive outlook on macroeconomic factors as we have seen broader improvements alongside tthey vaccine rollout. In addition, it reflects tthey reversal of a specific reserve related to tthey hotel asset for which we received tthey deed in lieu of foreclosure that Mark discussed. Our ottheyr items in our results include a $1.6 million or $0.14 per share gain on conversion based on an appraisal related to tthey same hotel loan, as well as $700,000 or $0.06 per share loss related to tthey sale during tthey quarter of our last remaining asset theyld for sale, a hotel property in Palm Springs, California. Net interest income was $9 million or $0.82 per share for tthey fourth quarter compared to $11.6 million or $1.06 per share for tthey third quarter 2020. Tthey primary drivers of tthey $2.6 million decline were tthey pay-offs and pay-downs of commercial real estate loans in tthey third and fourth quarters, as well as tthey full quarter impact of increased financing costs associated with our mass mutual senior secured financing facility, our senior unsecured notes, and our new CLO issued in September, which we discussed last quarter. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans in our $1.5 billion loan portfolio expanded slightly from tthey third quarter to 3.56% over tthey weighted average one month LIBOR floor of 1.88% at quarter-end for a gross rate of 5.44%; ttheyse LIBOR floors are in tthey money on all our floating rate loans, with one month LIBOR at approximately 12 basis points at tthey end of February. We expect to continue to see a meaningful benefit to net interest income as tthey forward LIBOR curve projects rates to remain low in tthey near-term. All except two of tthey company's 98 commercial real estate loans were current on debt service payments through tthey end of January 2021 including two loans performing in accordance with forbearance agreements. Tthey implementation of CECIL on loan-loss reserves, which applies to all mortgage REITs and ottheyr financial institutions requires us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. In determining our expected credit losses, we evaluate by property and by loan type available relevant theirtorical and current loan loss data, as well as future macroeconomic expectations provided by independent economic experts. Tthey impact of CECIL resulted in a total allowance for credit losses at December 31 of $34.3 million or approximately 2.2% on our $1.5 billion loan portfolio. Ttheir represents an $18.6 million reduction from our allowance for credit losses at September 30. GAAP book value per share calculated over vested common shares outstanding including warrants rose to $20.57 at December 31, 2020 from $18.10 at September tthey 30, 2020. Tthey increase to book value per share was driven by $2.02 of net income during tthey quarter, along with $0.41 related to share repurchases that were completed in tthey quarter. Note, that tthey difference between tthey $2.02 of net income contribution to book value and tthey $1.95 of GAAP net income in tthey fourth quarter relates to tthey share count, and utilizing average shares for tthey income statement and shares outstanding at quarter-end for book value purposes. During tthey fourth quarter ACRES repurchased 535,000 shares for $5.4 million. In 2021, through tthey end of February, we have purchased 565,000 shares representing $6.9 million. Ttheyse purchases in tthey aggregate were at an average price of approximately $11 per share. Tthey company has board authorization to repurchase upto $20 million of current outstanding shares through June 2021. Our GAAP debt to equity leverage ratio decreased to 3.9 times at December 31 from 4.6 times at September 30. As a result of tthey new financing commitments and debt refinanced during tthey year, tthey company had $1 billion of availability on its CRE term, warehouse and senior secured financing facilities, and senior unsecured notes aggregated as of tthey end of December. At tthey end of February, tthey company's available liquidity was approximately $150 million including $37 million of unrestricted cash, $78 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets, and $75 million of availability on our senior unsecured notes. Ttheyse components were offset by our working capital reserve target of $40 million. With an enhanced financial profile, including improved liquidity and reduced recourse leverage, and margin call risk; along with tthey recommencement of originations and a robust pipeline, we look forward to updating you on originations over tthey course of 2020. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks and I will now turn tthey call back to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steven Laws with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. Steven Laws Hi, good afternoon. Congratulations on a difficult year and certainly tthey rebranding; I know you guys were excited to continue to put your fingerprints on it. So with that said, as we look at tthey loan pipeline; origination pace as you mentioned almost $100 million I think since year-end. How does that compare to repayments? And what type of net portfolio growth should we expect to see ttheir year? Mark Fogel Hi Steve, it's Mark. How are you? Steven Laws Good. Mark Fogel Good. I would expect given wtheyre market conditions are today that our origination pipeline will remain strong. I think with regard to pay-offs, as we mentioned in tthey call; we had about $160 million of payouts in tthey quarter and dependent on market conditions, I would expect that payoffs would remain in that sort of range on a quarterly basis going forward. As far as originations go, we have about $1 billion plus or minus in capacity and so long as market conditions are strong, I would expect that we're going to be extremely active on tthey origination front, and try to sort of maximize our returns through tthey origination. Steven Laws Great, thanks for that color. Wtheyn you look at tthey unsecured notes, tthey 12% notes; can you talk about tthey options ttheyre around refinancing those or replacing those? Is that a 2022 event or what are tthey pre-payment terms around that? Andrew Fentress Hi, Steve ttheir is Andrew Fentress. We have a non-call through tthey end of July of 2021 and ttheyn, ttheyre is some declining prepayment penalties after that date. And so, I think as we approach tthey back half of tthey year we'll begin to evaluate options and overall cost of capital analysis on that topic. Steven Laws Great. I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And last question for now; tthey deed in lieu assets of tthey hotel, can you talk about tthey timeline -- what options are from theyre? And kind of how you guys will go through that process evaluating tthey best solution ttheyre? Andrew Fentress Yes. You know, ttheir is an asset that we really like, it's -- it's -- it was a strong performing hotel pre-COVID and we didn't see any sense in trying to sell tthey property in tthey market. Today, hotel assets are not trading very well, as you probably would expect. And so, we feel like given tthey fact that we have a good projection on strong net operating income in 2021 and going forward, that we're going to hold tthey asset for at least tthey next 6 to 12 months, evaluate options as tthey market changes and continually seek out potential buyers of tthey property. Steven Laws Great. Appreciate tthey comments ttheir evening. Andrew Fentress Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. Steve Delaney Thanks. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for taking tthey question. While you guys have been busy for sure, and I hope you're also doing well. So tthey buybacks are so rational and obviously, I look at tthey $0.41 book value accretion and applaud that wtheyn you think about it relative to book value or anything else. I mean it far -- that just tthey absolute amount of $0.41 far exceeds any dividend you may have elected to pay. So, I think shareholders should look at that kind of kind of is a large dividend in some ways. That said, I'm looking at tthey buybacks and it looks like you bought tthey shares back at about $10 average in 4Q. That's now up to 12 stocks close enough, it's in spending range of $14. So, you know, I guess getting towards sort of like a 70% price-to-book. Just curious like you've got plenty of authorization wtheyre is sort of a level wtheyre you would look at that and say, wtheyttheyr it's 80% of book or 85%; is ttheyre your some level wtheyre you would simply say we will put ttheir money into our loan portfolio, we will consider a cash dividend and as an alternative to return capital; you know, great run. And I guess tthey question is, how much longer should we expect if tthey stock continues to move? Buybacks will be a big part of tthey capital allocation each quarter. Thanks. Andrew Fentress Yes. Hi, it's Andrew Fentress. Thanks for tthey question. We obviously -- I think like a lot of people wtheyn we saw tthey 30% to 40% of book value thought that it was very clear. I think as we approach 75% or 80%, if we get to that level, it will begin to evaluate it from that point forward and understand wtheyttheyr or not it makes sense like you say to allocate those dollars to new origination and drive an ROE that would be in excess of what we expect to return on a buyback ttheyre. Steve Delaney Okay, thank you. I appreciate that. And Mark, tthey grade that lending is kicking up, I think that's your natural business and wtheyre you want to be. Help us understand tthey -- we looked at your -- we've looked at your theirtorical pipeline, Steven, who was just on tthey line. And I have -- we've been on earnings calls perhaps two or three weeks. And we see L-plus 300, we see L-plus 350, maybe we see an L-plus 400; what would you say -- I guess tthey relationship with tthey borrower, tthey level of transitional -- you mentioned coming loans coming off development, so I assume ttheyy are just early in lease-up. And so tthey real question is, getting a 600 spread and a 75 basis point floor; what are tthey factors that allow you to obtain that type of pricing vis-à-vis what we would normally see in middle market bridge loans? Thanks. Mark Fogel That's a good question, Steve. And I would say that you'll still see several of those types of loans that you see in every day bridge lending, tthey L-plus 300 to 350s to 400s. Steve Delaney Right. Mark Fogel But what we have and wtheyn I talked about it coming out of development and we've talked about ttheir often, is tthey ACRES capital side of tthey business wtheyre we focus quite theyavily on ground up construction of multi-family properties and ottheyr asset classes, and it theylps us develop a relationship with tthey borrowers that eventually leads to providing ttheym a stabilizing bridge loan once construction is complete. And I think it allows us to capture a little bit better interest rate because of tthey fact that it's ttheir one-stop shop solution without any sort of friction costs associated with going back to market for new loan. So, I think that theylps on driving some sizeable size interest rates that you might not ottheyrwise see on ttheyse types of assets. And it also allows our portfolio to grow with -- what I'll deem Class A assets; I mean everything coming out of tthey development pipeline is a Class A assets. So, it really improves our portfolio from a property standard perspective. Steve Delaney No, a great point. Well, strategically located I'm sure, for new construction and full amenities, etcetera, etcetera, it makes a lot of sense. And I guess from your borrower's perspective, since ttheir is a relationship business; while they or ttheyy or whoever is paying 7%, I suspect that's a roll down from what tthey construction development and construction loan coupons work [ph]. Am I correct? Mark Fogel That's right. Coupons in construction can -- are certainly in excess of that depending on how you leverage tthey deals. But tthey construction market for middle market properties has still not really bounced back all that much, so we have a lot of opportunity ttheyre and certainly we're getting good yield, and certainly our borrowers like to see that dropdown in rate on tthey REIT side as we bring it in. Steve Delaney Sure, makes sense. One final quick thing if I may, for Dave Bryant. Dave, you reported your book value on a GAAP basis at $20.57. Exantas, in tthey past, before tthey management changed would also use an economic book value figure which was not that materially different. But are we now -- tthey fact that you didn't mention economic, should we assume that going forward it will be a GAAP book value figure? Dave Bryant Simply put, yes, Steve. Steve Delaney Okay. Dave Bryant We believe in tthey GAAP number and that's what we'll use. Steve Delaney All right. And on tthey initial -- tthey initial -- got you, [indiscernible] warrants; we were getting dilution warrant on tthey penny warrants. We were getting dilution of about 4% from reported book value as of September 30. If I applied that same 4% discount, you know, I'd get a current -- like a warrant diluted book value figure of about $19.75. I don't know wtheyttheyr you all internally -- wtheyttheyr you run that calculation or you have that figure in your mind but just my logic and going applying tthey warrant. Dave Bryant It doesn't Steve; I'll tell you why. Tthey warrants are in our denominator for GAAP, so ttheyy've already been… Steve Delaney Oh, I see. Thank you. Okay. Because we have not seen that before. Dave Bryant But of course ttheyy were affected by tthey 1-for-3 split as well. Steve Delaney Okay, great. So wtheyn you calculated tthey $20.57, you had tthey $1.4 million pre-split warrants in ttheyre? Dave Bryant That's right. Steve Delaney Thank you, Dave, for clarifying that. And I appreciate everybody's comments. Thanks. Mark Fogel Thanks, Steve. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, everyone for joining tthey call. We appreciate your interest and time, and look forward to speaking to you again after our first quarter results in May of ttheir year. Have a good evening, everyone. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.