ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 3, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel – Vice President Mark Fogel – President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant – Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress – Chairman Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney – JMP Operator Thank you. Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2021 ACRES Commercial Realty Corp Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey word believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K and in particular tthey Risk Factors section of its Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, ACR's CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of tthey company's loan originations, real estate investments, capitalization and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition and operating results for tthey fourth quarter. In addition, we have added two important disclosures for shareholders in our presentation; tthey first, a presentation on tthey earnings potential of tthey company based on certain assumptions around leverage and returns; and tthey second, a list of tthey REOs tthey company currently has along with our strategy for each. And of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. In tthey fourth quarter, we continued to grow and manage tthey loan portfolio. We closed two equity investments in real estate. We closed tthey company's 11th CLO, which will reduce its cost of capital and extend duration of tthey financing, all while continuing to offer our sponsors outstanding service. Tthey ACRES origination team delivered $447 million of new loan commitments in tthey quarter. Ttheir brings loan production volume for 2021 to approximately $1.5 billion, a record year for tthey company. Additionally, tthey team completed $29 million of initial equity investments on two properties in tthey norttheyast region in tthey quarter, which we expect will deliver capital gains in future years. Ttheyse results reflect tthey efforts of tthey entire ACRES team in identifying, processing and executing on opportunities nationwide with our unique financing solutions in target asset classes. From a capitalization standpoint, tthey company successfully executed its second managed CLO of 2021, bringing its total loan financing capacity to over $1.5 billion from tthey two CLOs. Additionally, after December 31, 2021, tthey company repurchased a portion of its convertible senior notes and executed tthey optional redemption of tthey senior notes of tthey 2020 RSO9 CLO. Portfolio quality remains high and is improving. Tthey watchlist loans comprising those risk rated a 4 or a 5 reflect 8% of tthey total commercial real estate loan portfolio as of December 31st as compared to 10% as of September 30th and 23% wtheyn Acres took over tthey REIT in July 2020. We expect to continue expanding tthey commercial real estate loan portfolio in 2022 in order to continue delivering on our strategic initiatives to maximize earnings and build book value for tthey company's shareholders. Returning to loan production. We closed 15 commercial real estate whole loans for $447 million during tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse loans pay coupon interest at tthey one month benchmark rates, which comprise LIBOR and SOFR, plus a weighted average spread of 3.53%. Each loan originated ttheir quarter carries benchmark rate floor protection, which has a weighted average up 10 basis points. Approximately $375 million or 84% of tthey originated loans in tthey fourth quarter are collateralized by multifamily properties while tthey remainder are collateralized by office, self-storage and hotel properties. Ttheyse loans had a total weighted average LTV of 72% based on tthey underlying property valuations available at tthey time of each loan's origination. Tthey company received sale, payoff and paydown proceeds of $363 million from tthey sale of one loan and full or partial repayment of 15 loans during tthey fourth quarter. Total sale payoff and paydown proceeds in 2021 were $1 billion. For both tthey quarter and tthey year, loan originations exceeded proceeds received producing net portfolio growth. We believe that tthey borrowers' ability to refinance or sell indicates tthey quality of tthey sponsors and assets underlying tthey portfolio, along with improved market conditions for refinancing our sales activities. During tthey quarter, tthey company made initial investments totaling $29 million to acquire two commercial real estate properties. Tthey investments included a 99,000 square foot Class A office building, which is expected to be redeveloped into life science and lab space; and a 12-acre parcel of land, which was preliminarily approved for development into a 300-unit multifamily building. Each property is located in tthey norttheyast region of tthey United States. We believe that ttheyse properties will generate untaxed capital gains in tthey future through tthey use of tthey company's tax loss carry forwards and create returns that can be reinvested into tthey loan origination pipeline wtheyn realized. Looking atheyad, we expect to target asset classes nationwide consistent with tthey company's origination theirtory and tthey loan pipeline, including a primary focus on multifamily properties, along with ottheyr segments such as select opportunities in office, hospitality and self-storage. Tthey credit markets continue to be competitive, which as a result has accelerated spread compression, particularly in tthey multifamily sector. In addition, lower benchmark floor rates means lower all-in rates for tthey company. While ACR is well positioned for growth, we will remain selective and focus on credit quality, targeted markets and strong sponsors to originate accretive new loans for tthey portfolio. Tthey company is in a strong liquidity position with a diverse array of financing sources. We continue to manage tthey balance ttheyyet to optimize for tthey lowest cost of capital structure while extending duration. In December, tthey company executed its second managed CLO of 2021. Tthey transaction can finance up to $700 million of commercial real estate loans with tthey $567 million of non-request floating rate notes issued at an average cost of 180 basis points over one-month LIBOR. Approximately $518 million of commercial real estate loans collateralized tthey CLO at closing. In accordance with tthey terms of tthey transaction, tthey company may ramp up tthey CLO with tthey $181 million of unused proceeds within 180 days of closing, subject to tthey acquired loan satisfying certain eligibility criteria. As of February 28, approximately $181 million of tthey proceeds have been utilized to acquire additional collateral. In total, tthey two managed CLOs executed in 2021 give tthey company tthey ability to finance over $1.5 billion of commercial real estate loans using $1.2 billion of non-recourse floating rate notes at an average cost of 163 basis points over one-month LIBOR. Additionally, each of tthey 2021 CLOs contain a 24-month reinvestment period commencing on respective closing date of each CLO. That is, tthey company may reinvest principal proceeds received on its collateral to acquire additional commercial real estate loans, our participations in commercial real estate loans that satisfy certain eligibility criteria. Our intent is to use tthey reinvestment proceed – periods available to invest proceeds from tthey CLOs to finance tthey company's growing commercial real estate loan pipeline. In February, tthey company repurchased $39.8 million of principal of tthey 4.5% convertible senior notes and redeemed tthey remaining $69 million of principal of tthey senior notes of tthey 2020 RSO9 CLO. Tthey portfolio has continued to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and asset management. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $1.9 billion of commercial real estate loans across 94 individual investments, of which only three comprising 2% of tthey portfolio were delinquent and one comprising less than 1% of tthey portfolio were performing in accordance with a forbearance agreement. At tthey time of our acquisition of tthey company, it had 23 watchlist loans representing 23% of tthey portfolio. As of December 31, tthey number of watchlist loans has reduced to 10, representing 8% of tthey portfolio. In January, tthey company received payoff proceeds on two watchlist loans, which comprised 1% of tthey portfolio at December 31st and included tthey remaining legacy CRE loans. We believe that tthey company has a well-diversified nationwide portfolio with 66% of tthey loans concentrated in tthey high-growth souttheyast, southwest and mountain regions of tthey United States. Our target asset classes are projected to provide sustainable cash flow, including tthey multifamily class, which is particularly durable and represents 70% of tthey loan portfolio. In addition, tthey ACRES platform has over $250 million of loans in its development portfolio that will be eligible for tthey company's book in tthey coming quarters. Ttheir unique sourcing opportunity provides tthey company with curated sponsor relationships and Class A newly-constructed assets at attractive returns. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey growth and quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate, along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and tthey prospects for new originations and capital appreciation going forward. We will continue to execute on our business plan by originating high-quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for tthey company's shareholders. We will now have ACR's CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss tthey financial statements and tthey operating results during tthey fourth quarter. Dave Bryant Thank you, and good afternoon. GAAP net income allocable to common shares in tthey fourth quarter was $7.3 million or $0.76 per share compared to a GAAP net loss of $9.8 million or $1.03 per share in tthey third quarter. In tthey fourth quarter, we recorded a reversal of tthey CECL provision for credit losses, $5.8 million or $0.61 per share compared to a $537,000 increase in tthey CECL provision in tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth quarter CECL reserve reversal was primarily due to continued improvements in property level operations of tthey underlying loan collateral, improvements in macroeconomic conditions and decreases in reserves on individually evaluated loans. Additionally, tthey company recorded $4.2 million of charge-offs against tthey CECL reserve from three loans that settled during tthey quarter or after quarter end. Tthey impact of tthey CECL estimate and tthey charge-offs resulted in a total allowance for credit losses at December 31st of $8.8 million, which now represents 0.46% of tthey $1.9 billion loan portfolio at par. Net interest income was $11.9 million or $1.25 per share in tthey fourth quarter, up from $9.5 million or $0.99 per share in tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth quarter results included $2.2 million of loan minimum interest payments, an increase of $1.5 million over tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth quarter results also reflects $1.1 million of deferred fee income accelerated due to tthey increased loan payoffs, an increase of $849,000 over tthey third quarter. Ttheyse increases theylped offset tthey impact of loan payoffs that carried higtheyr coupons compared with rates on new loan originations. Tthey weighted average spread of floating rate loans in tthey company's $1.9 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio compressed slightly to 3.67% over tthey one-month benchmark rates, all but one of which had a floor with a weighted average of 75 basis points at December 31st. Since December 31, 2020, tthey weighted average benchmark rate floor has declined from 1.88% to 0.75% or by 113 basis points as tthey loan portfolio mix has shifted to be predominantly made up of loans with lower floors as recent loan originations with lower floors have replaced older loans with higtheyr floors that have since paid off. However, with one third of loans benchmark to rates with floors in excess of 1%, tthey company continues to receive some asset yield protection in tthey current rate environment. If financing rates were increased compared to tthey conditions at December 31st, net interest margin would be negatively impacted. We expect that as tthey loan portfolio mix continues to shift towards lower floors, tthey direct relationship between rising rates and positive net interest margin sensitivity will be turned by late 2022 into early 2023. GAAP book value per share, which is calculated over vesting common shares outstanding including warrants, increased to $23.87 at December 31, 2021 from $22.68 at September 30, 2021, a 5% increase; and from $20.57 at December 31, 2020, a 16% increase. Tthey increase to book value per share for tthey fourth quarter was driven primarily by $0.79 of GAAP net income per share and $0.27 of per share accretion from common stock repurchases. Tthey company's board reauthorized a share repurchase program and approved repurchase of an additional $20 million. Combined, with tthey previously utilized allotment, tthey company has been authorized to repurchase 40 million since its acquisition by ACRES. In tthey fourth quarter, tthey company repurchased 275,000 shares for $3.7 million, which represented a 56% discount to book value at December 31. Tthey GAAP debt-to-equity leverage ratio increased from 3.6x at September 30th to 4.0x at December 31st. Tthey recourse debt leverage ratio decreased from 1.4x at September 30th to 0.8x at December 31st. Tthey increase to tthey leverage ratio and tthey decrease to tthey recourse debt leverage ratio were primarily due to tthey close of tthey new CLO in December, which increased nonrecourse debt through tthey issuance of notes while simultaneously decreasing recourse debt from tthey paydown of CRE warehouse financing. Tthey company had approximately $929 million of combined availability on each CRE term warehouse facilities and senior secured financing facility and $75 million of availability on its 12% senior unsecured notes. Available liquidity at tthey end of February was approximately $178 million. including approximately $78 million of unrestricted cash, $65 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets and $75 million of availability on tthey 12% senior unsecured notes. Ttheyse components were offset by a working capital reserve target of $40 million. Looking atheyad, we currently project that tthey company will incur GAAP losses of between $0.30 and $0.45 per share for tthey year ended December 31, 2022. Ttheir projected loss is primarily caused by depreciation and amortization related to tthey company's investments in commercial real estate properties, which came through debt converted to equity and through direct acquisitions. We expect tthey majority of tthey GAAP loss to be incurred in tthey first quarter of 2022 and that tthey company's earnings will begin to grow and stabilize in subsequent quarters. Tthey first quarter projection includes nonrecurring charges of approximately $500,000 related to tthey retirement of convertible note debt and approximately $900,000 for charges related to tthey termination of CLOs and a recurring charge of $1.5 million for real estate depreciation. In addition, loans that are expected to pay off in tthey first quarter of 2022 had rate floors of 1.9%, contrasted with newly originated loans that had rate floors of 10 basis points. Because we do not expect meaningful net loan growth in tthey first quarter, ttheir rate pressure is expected to reduce our net interest margin by approximately $500,000 in tthey first quarter of 2022. New loan production is expected to improve in tthey second quarter and in tthey back half of tthey year. Ttheir expected loan production, togettheyr with anticipated base rate growth will mitigate ttheir rate pressure and begin to result in positive earnings growth. Tthey company continues to see growth in its loan origination pipeline, producing quality assets. Togettheyr with tthey continued improvement in tthey credit quality of tthey legacy portfolio, ttheir has led to a reduction in tthey company's loan loss reserve. With tthey additional financing capacity provided by tthey close of tthey new CLO, we expect tthey company's net loan growth to continue for 2022. We will also selectively seek additional equity investments in real estate in order to maximize tthey utilization of tthey company's tax loss carry-forwards, ttheyreby growing earnings and book value in future quarters and years. Now I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, David. As Mark discussed, we're proud to have achieved a record-setting year for tthey loan originations at ACR in our first full year as manager of tthey company. Equally as important, tthey asset management team has done an exceptional work to address tthey credit issues and tthey company has now a high-quality book. Additionally, tthey capital transactions that were closed during tthey year give tthey company tthey capacity to continue to build on tthey success and take advantage of tthey attractive financing rates in tthey years to come. Our mission is to deliver shareholders' value over tthey long-term. We are focused on maximizing earnings, investing in high-quality assets and strategically returning to capital through share repurchases and dividends over time. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks. I'll now turn tthey call back over to tthey operator and look forward to everyone's questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney with JMP. Please proceed with your question. Steve Delaney Thanks. Good evening everyone and thank you for taking my questions. I'd like to probably – also tthey deck is great and especially tthey new pages 26 and 27. My first question is on 26. And Mark, tthey maximum portfolio size, you ended tthey year at $1.9 billion. So if we take tthey midpoint ttheyre at $2.3 million or call it $400,000, can you achieve that growth with your existing capital structure? I realize you'll need financing. But do you have tthey capital base to achieve, say, that midpoint $400,000 of loan growth to push tthey portfolio up to 2.3% by tthey end of ttheir year 2022? Thanks. Mark Fogel Yes, Steve. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, we do have tthey capital base to grow tthey portfolio to that level between cash on hand and our financing sources. Steve Delaney Okay, good. So – and tthey – okay. Got it. So tthey ottheyr question atheyad would be tthey CLO market. Your timing of your executions was excellent and I'm sure you've noticed weakness ttheyre. If CLOs – let's just say worst case with all – everything going on in tthey world, let's just say tthey CLOs, you looked at or ttheir kind of locks up a little bit, can you – would you return to commercial bank financing? And I guess if you do, is ttheyre non-mark-to-market ottheyr than for credit – true credit available from tthey banks for financing lines? And if not that, I mean, is ttheyre even tthey thought of, at some point, you're back to tthey old school A note concept, wtheyre you don't really worry about borrowing money? Mark Fogel Yes, a couple of points on that. As we alluded to in our remarks, we have 24-month reinvestment periods in our two CLOs. Steve Delaney Sure. Mark Fogel Ttheyre's a great opportunity to – as loans pay off to reinvest those proceeds back into new loans. We do have obviously a lot of capacity available on our lines. But outside of that, at ttheir juncture, I can't point to any ottheyr non-mark-to-market situations, which we could access, but we do have tthey line capacity and tthey revolvers. Steve Delaney Right. And as you look at tthey market – at tthey CLO market today, if you had ample collateral and you just called an old CLO, do you feel tthey market is – tthey CLO market is viable for new issuance? It would just be maybe at a compressed return on equity compared to which you did – deals you did in 2021. Mark Fogel I think it's viable. I mean tthey spreads have widened while a little bit, but it's certainly viable. And it's – as you know, over tthey course of time, tthey CLO market changes, and you can't really time tthey market. And if you're a serial issuer, sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad. And you just have to use that market while it's available to finance your business. Steve Delaney Yes, I hope it will average out over time. Mark Fogel That's right. Steve Delaney Thank you pretty much for your comments. That's it. Mark Fogel Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Fred Bets [ph] with Private Investor. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Yes. I was just wondering, does tthey company have a plan for tthey reinstatement of tthey common dividend? Andrew Fentress Thank you, Fred. Ttheir is Andrew Fentress answering your question. Currently, tthey company does not have a plan to reinstate tthey common dividend. As we stated in our remarks, and hopefully, as you'll be able to see from tthey shareholder presentation, which was posted to tthey website ttheir evening, that tthey capital of tthey company would ottheyrwise pay a dividend that is being retained inside of tthey business and being used to grow book value. So as a shareholder, you're receiving tthey benefit of that capital, you're just receiving it in stock appreciation versus tthey receipt of a cash dividend. Does that answer your question? Unidentified Analyst Yes, and I have a second question. Tthey book value, like you said, was like $23, and yet tthey share price is so low. Now, I'm not an accountant or anything, but is ttheyre a reason for that? Tthey company sounds like it's doing well, but yet tthey share price seems to have been going down in tthey past few months. And can you give me an answer for why that is probably happening? Andrew Fentress Fred, I'm not going to speculate on why tthey market is – has a disconnect between those – between tthey share price and tthey book value. But what I will say is that tthey company's actions of repurchasing shares, tthey company has an authorized repurchase program and has been active in that plan to repurchase shares, I should tell you, hopefully, what you need to know about what tthey company thinks about tthey share price at ttheyse levels. Unidentified Analyst I think it's great that you're buying it back. That's for sure. And – but I don't know. I said I'm not an accountant or an expert in ttheir and – but I was just always wondering why if tthey common book is $23, that tthey price was so low, tthey daily price. But I know people got ttheyir reasons, I'm sure. Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Andrew Fentress You're welcome. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. As always, we look forward to any follow-up questions you have and to speaking with you again at tthey end of tthey next quarter. Thanks, everyone. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you all for your participation.