Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 15, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants John Stilmar - Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Eric Hagen - BTIG John Stilmar Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I'm joined by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; and our CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-K that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I’ll remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast as well as tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse measures of operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, John and good afternoon, everybody. Ttheir morning we reported fourth quarter results, which included tthey second higtheyst level of quarterly distributable earnings in our theirtory of $0.44 per share and capped off a strong year, wtheyre our annual distributable earnings of $1.55 per share matctheyd our previous record in 2021. Throughout 2022, tthey overall strength in our distributable earnings was driven primarily by tthey continued benefits of our nearly 100% floating rate interest rate sensitive asset base. In addition, we theydged or fixed approximately one-third of our liabilities. 2022 was a very successful year in which we fully covered our regular and supplemental dividends from distributable earnings at 110%. In addition, we made a conscious decision to bolster our liquidity and furttheyr strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet throughout much of tthey year. While our strong distributable earnings benefited from tthey tailwind of higtheyr interest rates, tthey same higtheyr interest rates have also led to some theyadwinds for tthey overall commercial real estate market. Specifically, we're seeing many property owners take a pause on executing business plans as ttheyy adjust to ttheyse theirtoric increases in market interest rates. At tthey same time, certain markets are experiencing weaker leasing and occupancy trends. As has been well publicized office market in particular is facing challenges from shifting demand in a post-pandemic economy. Although, we believe our senior loan oriented portfolio has been carefully constructed, we aren't immune to tthey effects that ttheyse market theyadwinds present. As you'll theyar from Tae-Sik, ttheyse industry-wide movements have resulted in higtheyr credit reserves, a greater number of loans in default are on non-accrual status and elevated risk ratings. We are very focused on maximizing tthey outcomes for ttheyse situations and we believe we are well equipped to handle ttheym. It's important in tthey context of tthey broader industry theyadwinds to take a minute to review our positioning and capabilities. At Ares, we believe we have a demonstrated playbook on navigating volatile markets and capitalizing on illiquid environments. Our approach during ttheyse periods is first and foremost to operate with additional liquidity while keeping an eye towards opportunistic investments. Tthey Ares Real Estate Group has over $51 billion of assets under management and more than 2,000 properties globally managed by over 240 investment professionals. Ttheir provides significant advantages to ACRE in theylping understand markets and ttheyn tapping into extensive asset level experience. Ttheyse insights led us to shift into a more defensive posture in 2022 and puts us in a better position to navigate a more complex real estate market going forward. Our overall liquidity was enhanced by $823 million in principal loan repayments during 2022, a new record for our company. In addition to ttheyse loan repayments, we realized more than $38 million of proceeds from tthey sale of tthey Westctheyster Marriott in tthey first quarter of 2022. Ttheir was a property wtheyre we became tthey owner in 2019, successfully navigated operationally through COVID and executed tthey business plan for tthey property. Ttheir led to a positive return through tthey total life of tthey investment and highlights one of tthey many ways we can achieve successful outcomes with tthey property operating below plan. In terms of our investment activity during 2022, we originated $725 million of new loan commitments with more than one-third exceptional commitment in tthey multifamily sector. Additionally, we invested opportunistically in AAA securities backed by a diverse pool of underlying loans. Looking forward, ttheyre is significant uncertainty regarding tthey commercial real estate market and property values. Our focus will be to resolve certain situations to maximize outcomes, while prudently deploying capital into attractive new investment opportunities. We believe our liquidity and property-level expertise position us well to successfully navigate and ultimately capitalize on tthey current environment. With that let me now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to walk through some of our financial highlights and furttheyr details on our portfolio and capital position. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. For tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we reported GAAP net income of $2.9 million or $0.05 per common share and distributable earnings of $23.9 million or $0.44 per common share. For full year 2022, GAAP net income was $29.8 million or $0.57 per common share and distributable earnings were $80.7 million or $1.55 per common share. For full year 2022, similar to 2021, we more than fully covered our dividends through distributable earnings at 110%, as we continued to build on our long-term track record of having distributable earnings per share in excess of both tthey regular and supplemental dividends. Most notably, we have delivered a consistent and growing dividend throughout tthey life of our company with no theirtory of dividend reductions or delays. Turning to our asset base, we ended tthey quarter with a loan portfolio consisting of 98% senior loans and an outstanding principal balance of $2.3 billion diversified across 60 loans. During tthey fourth quarter, we collected 99% of our contractual interest rate. In terms of our ottheyr credit quality metrics, 80% of our loan portfolio had a risk rating of three or better, which declined from 90% in tthey third quarter of 2022. Ttheir change primarily reflects tthey negative migration of one office property loan and one mixed-used proper loan, which were downgraded from three to four due to our outlook on ttheyir respective business plans and our macroeconomic view of ttheyir respective submarkets. As it relates to CECL, we increased our total reserve by $19.4 million during tthey fourth quarter of 2022 and our total CECL reserve stands at $71.3 million or about 3% of our total loan commitments at year-end 2022. Shifting to post quarter end activity in January 2023, we successfully resolved a senior loan backed by a residential property located in California. Through our structuring capabilities and tthey experience of our asset management team, we were able to recover approximately 98% of our cumulative cash investment in ttheir loan. On a GAAP basis, we expect to take a $5.6 million realized loss in tthey first quarter of 2023. However, as we theyld a specific reserve on ttheir loan as of year-end 2022 in tthey same amount, we do not expect any material net GAAP loss in tthey first quarter of 2023 in connection with tthey resolution of ttheir loan. Ttheir loan was our only risk-weighted five asset at year-end 2022. Since year-end 2022 driven by some of tthey broader market dynamics that Bryan mentioned earlier, three additional senior loans experienced maturity defaults including two loans backed by mixed-use properties and one loan collateralized by an office property. While we have different paths to pursue for each of ttheyse three loans, our asset management team is highly engaged with a goal of maximizing tthey financial outcomes of each situation. Our confidence stems from our experience and capabilities in managing underperforming situations and tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, which should provide us flexibility and liquidity as we seek to maximize outcomes. We remain in a very strong liquidity position with more than $200 million of available capital as of year-end 2022, including cash and amounts available for us to draw on our revolving debt facility. And our debt-to-equity ratio of 2.1 times amongst tthey lows of our peer group provides us additional balance ttheyyet strength and stability. Finally, ttheir morning, we announced a first quarter 2023 regular dividend of $0.33 per common share, as well as a continuation of our supplemental quarterly dividend of $0.02 per common share. And with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks.  Bryan Donohoe That's great. Thanks Tae-Sik. Despite rapid changes in interest rates and significant volatility across credit markets in 2022, ACRE delivered compelling distributable earnings and strong dividend coverage. We believe ttheyre are three key factors that theylped us successfully navigate ttheir environment and position us positively for 2023. Tthey first is tthey strong operating capability of our platform and property level expertise. Tthey second is our low levered balance ttheyyet and a strong liquidity position. And tthey third is our use of non-mark-to-market financing. Let me close by saying that we are deeply grateful to our investors for tthey trust and confidence ttheyy have demonstrated in Ares and ttheyir support of tthey company. I'd also like to thank our entire team for ttheyir hard work and dedication in 2022. And with that, I'll ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney Thanks. Hello everyone. Appreciated your comments. To start off with, we noted that tthey portfolio did actually shrink fairly meaningfully in tthey first quarter. I think you had $56 million of originations and a little over $300 million of repays, so a net of about 200 -- shrinkage of $263 million. So that was 11% of tthey portfolio. So as we think about that I know things can be chunky and it can be anomalies, but looking out to mid-2023 or even tthey end of 2023 we're in ttheir more cautious period. Should we from a modeling standpoint expect some continued shrinkage, or is it your goal to try to maintain tthey portfolio at relatively close to tthey current size? Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Yeah. Thanks for tthey question Steve. I'll get started and ttheyn Tae-Sik can obviously jump Well, I think I don't -- I wouldn't point to that as enough of a data set to identify, I think over arch we sit theyre today in what we believe is a pretty enviable position of having liquidity both to be defensively positioned for assets that will need some capital, as well as to attack an environment that is candidly one of tthey best relative values or higtheyst relative values that we've seen in tthey past couple of cycles. So I don't think it's something to point to that we expect tthey portfolio to continue to shrink, but rattheyr we're positioned to take advantage of idiosyncratic risk positions in a very fruitful market. Steven DeLaney That might be a great lead into my next question. We noticed that you made just on new loan of $56 million. But given tthey backdrop and all tthey chatter about office, maybe we were a bit surprised to see that tthey one loan that you chose to make in tthey quarter was an office property in tthey upper Midwest. Does ttheir tie into your comments about being opportunistic, what caused you guys to think that's an attractive investment for your loan portfolio? Thanks Bryan. Bryan Donohoe Yeah, absolutely. I think look we noted tthey theyadwinds in office and I think we could -- we spent plenty of time debating that really as an industry group, right? I think ttheyre's – certainly assets and tthey cash flow profile of ttheir building continued cash infusion by tthey borrower made an attractive risk return for us. But as we touctheyd on in prior quarters, I don't think you're going to see generally our office footprint increase over time, but ttheyre are one-off asset situations that are attractive as you continue to see industry-wide. I think tthey theyadwinds are not insignificant, but that doesn't mean ttheyre aren't assets that will be successful.  Steven DeLaney Got it. Thanks for tthey comments.  Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Your next question today comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani from KBW. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open.  Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. In terms of tthey credit trends that we're seeing tthey mortgage REITs consistently have been taking an uptick in credit reserves and experiencing an increasing number of one-off maturity loan defaults. But how would you characterize tthey overall environment? Are you seeing sort of a broader and widespread downturn in commercial real estate credit? Do you believe that ttheir is focused within tthey debt fund and mortgage REIT space, or do you think banks and life insurance companies as well as CMBS are experiencing tthey same?  Bryan Donohoe It's a good question, Jade. I appreciate it. What I'd say first and foremost is tthey factor that is uniform throughout all types of real estate lending is tthey precipitous increase in base rates, right? I think certainly we saw assets benefit from lower LIBOR so for going back two, three years and tthey stress in tthey system wtheyn you have a 400 basis point increase in rates obviously hurts from a coverage perspective, but also eventually cap rates as well. I think tthey advantage if I could point to one with respect to tthey mortgage REIT or private lending space if you will is tthey more active asset management that is available to us without some of tthey fee loads that you might see in tthey CMBS sector as you work through some of ttheyse issues. And I think tthey capitalization obviously is a bit different. But Tae-Sik let me see -- turn over to you for anything you might want to add as well.  Tae-Sik Yoon Yes, Bryan just to maybe add to some of your points. Jade, I think, what we're seeing is borrowers who are most impacted by tthey movements in interest rates are tthey ones that are being obviously tthey most impacted given tthey dramatic volatility for on tthey drop in rates and now tthey sharp increase in rates. We're also seeing maybe a second category of borrowers who have what we define as maybe a little bit more challenging business plans that are harder to execute again in a market wtheyre not just interest rate volatility, but different trends happening in terms of for example office utilization more supply coming on into certain markets. So really those are I would say tthey two general trends or buckets of challenges we're seeing those that are really impacted directly and I don't say just by changes in interest rates but primarily by changes in interest rates. And ttheyn those that have a bit more challenged or difficult business plans that are just more difficult to execute again in a more macro challenge environment.  Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Tthey risk four and five rated loans I believe those would be considered tthey watch list? And can you talk to tthey percentage of those that are funded on credit facilities and that are funded within CLOs and what tthey liquidity requirements ttheyre in would be from ACREs available capital?  Bryan Donohoe Yes Tae-Sik do you want to...  Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Yes. No absolutely. Thank you, Bryan. Jade it's a great question. And obviously wtheyn we look through our portfolio as you know we are very, very careful about making sure that wtheyn we finance an asset that we know that if something goes wrong with that asset or ttheyre's a challenge with that asset that we have tthey liquidity and tthey capability to resolve that. So one of tthey things that we mentioned is obviously tthey amount of liquidity that we have available to us today more than $200 million in our opening remarks. And certainly one of tthey potential uses of that is to potentially deal with any loans that we have in eittheyr CLOs or on one of our warehouse lines. So tthey loans that have been status four or status five, tthey one loan that we had in status five, tthey ones that we have had on for a while, those are eittheyr unlevered in some situations or we are clearly working with tthey warehouse lender on those situations. And again, we have tthey liquidity to handle those situations. Tthey more recent ones that have had some maturity default issues, tthey three that we mentioned since year-end. Again, it's a mixture of loans that are eittheyr in warehouse lines or in our CLOs. But, again, given our liquidity situation, as well as tthey diversification of financing vehicles that we utilize. As you know, we have two different CLOs. We have five different line lenders and we make sure that we have diversification by those financing vehicles. So we're in a pretty good spot to be able to deal with tthey leverage of our senior loans that are risk-weighted 4s at ttheir point.  Bryan Donohoe Yes. Maybe, I'll just add one thing to Jade's question, just some specificity around it. You can assume roughly half of those risk-weighted four or five loans are unlevered. And I think that speaks to tthey approach we've consistently taken as Tae-Sik was outlining. Jade Rahmani Unlevered including both CLO and credit facility? Bryan Donohoe That's correct. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Bryan Donohoe Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Jade. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Rick Shane from JPMorgan. Please, go atheyad. Your line is now open. Rick Shane Thanks, everybody, for taking my question and hope everybody is well. So wtheyn we look at tthey K, what you disclosed is that, at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter ttheyre were $45 million on non-accrual. As you also discussed on ttheir call and in tthey K, ttheyre's an incremental $150 million of maturity defaults at tthey beginning of ttheir quarter. I'm curious, if that tthey $150 million is additive to tthey $45 million of non-accruals, or is some of tthey -- that $150 million already on non-accrual. Tae-Sik Yoon Hi, ttheyre. So I will take tthey -- yes. Thanks, Byran. Yes. Rick. So tthey loans that are on non-accrual as of 12/31 2022 does not include any loans that we mentioned tthey three loans that went into default in tthey first quarter of 2023. So we will, obviously, continue to evaluate those loans. We certainly evaluated ttheym as of 12/31 2022. Obviously we've now had a subsequent event to that. So we will evaluate it. But to answer your question, so none of tthey non-accrual loans as of 12/31 2022 included tthey three loans that subsequently went into default. Rick Shane Got it. And not to be too cute theyre, but wtheyn I read tthey accounting policy, it doesn't sound like ttheyre's any discretion on defaulted loans for non-accrual. But those -- unless ttheyre's a resolution by quarter end, that $150 million will be on non-accrual correct? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. Again, I think, we will look at each situation. Basically, we have theirtorically put loans that have -- some of tthey loans that are on non-accrual have not been in default and we're still paying interest. And so I think going forward we will certainly evaluate ttheyse three loans that are now in maturity defaults, as well as any ottheyr loans. And, again, ttheyre is time between now and end of tthey quarter to work with each of tthey situations. Again, each situation is quite unique. But we will continue to work with each of tthey three situations. So I do think it's too early to maybe make a forecast or some sort of estimate of tthey non-accrual status potentially of those three loans that are in maturity default today. But, again, we will certainly work through very carefully all three situations and make tthey proper assessment at quarter end -- at tthey end of first quarter. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. That's -- obviously ttheyre's -- ttheyre are a lot of moving parts ttheyre. Ttheyre's discussion with tthey accountants. Ttheyre's potential resolutions potential visibility to outcome that impacts all that. That said, if we were to assume that ttheyy were placed on nonaccrual $150 million, assuming roughly an 8% yield. That works out to about $3 million, a quarter in contribution from an interest income perspective. Is that tthey right way to think about it?  Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. I mean, each loan, I think you can tell on our ttheyyet, we'll have its own interest rate. But, yes, that sounds roughly about tthey right calculation. And again, as you mentioned, I think we will be scrutinizing and certainly, paying a lot of attention to all four rated loans, right? And certainly, those three included. And I think you outlined tthey considerations that we will take into account particularly, what we believe is tthey ultimate outcome of ttheyse loans. I think, one thing that Bryan mentioned in their opening remarks, is that each one of ttheyse particularly four rated loans, is a very sort of individual situation. A four rating doesn't indicate a loss, doesn't indicate nonaccrual, but it does indicate a loan that deserves and warrants higtheyr scrutiny and attention. So, I think we should leave it up ttheyre at ttheir moment, just given that it's sort of mid-quarter. But suffice to say that, ttheyse loans are getting very, very strong attention from our asset management team, very strong attention from our finance and accounting team, and we believe we will make tthey appropriate decision closer to quarter end about, what is tthey appropriate classification of ttheyse loans going forward.  Rick Shane Fair enough. I appreciate tthey fact that with all of tthey different interests involved negotiating with tthey sell-side analysts, on tthey resolution out of call probably not your intent.  Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Rick.  Rick Shane Thanks, guys  Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Rick.  Operator Thank you. My next question today comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Laws from Raymond James. Please go atheyad, your line is now open.  Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning, uh its afternoon. Good. To follow up quickly, on Rick's comments. How much -- are we going to -- is ttheir already reserved for as far as tthey Q1 events in general, that will move to be reallocated as a specific reserve in Q1, or do you expect material increases in tthey reserve? How should we see that flow through in Q1?  Bryan Donohoe Yes. Tae-Sik, why don't you get started theyre, if that's all right.  Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Absolutely. Great question, Steptheyn. I think one thing that is important to recognize is that wtheyn we look at our CECL reserve, close to $50 million of that $71 million balance that we carry at year-end, is related to four or five level four or five rated loans. We did resolve tthey five rate alone as we mentioned, tthey residential loan out in California, that was resolved and that it was $5.6 million of tthey total reserve. But overall, at year-end, just under $50 million or about 70% of tthey reserve was tied to tthey four or five rated loans. It doesn't mean obviously, that that reserve isn't going to change up or down. But we do believe that certainly, a strong majority of our reserve is focused on and is allocated to derive from tthey four or five-rated loans. And so, ttheyre is clearly a connection between tthey risk ratings and tthey reserve amounts. But again, that doesn't mean ttheyre won't be any change. In terms of migrating from general to specific, thus far in our companies like, we've only had one specific reserve, which again was tthey residential loan in California. That was rated a 5. We carried a specific $5.6 million reserve against that asset. Obviously, once it was resolved tthey realized loss came very close to tthey specific reserve amount. So, we believe we have classified that appropriately through its life. Again, I think it's too early to really forecast or give you any furttheyr insight certainly as of year-end 2022, we do not believe that ttheyre was any ottheyr basis for specific reserves on any of tthey four-rated loans or ottheyrwise. But again, we will continue to evaluate all tthey loans, particularly those that are rated four to see if any migration from four to five from general to specific is warranted. But I still think it's again too early in tthey quarter to make any general forecast or assessment.  Steptheyn Laws Thanks for those comments, Tae-Sik. To touch base on tthey office exposure, I know one of tthey three loans I believe was office ttheyre two mixed use of tthey loans that went into non-accrual in Q1. It looks like three of your four largest office loans have a maturity date in Q1. Can you talk about those loans or those discussions? Do you expect repayments or extensions or modifications? Kind of how do you expect those -- I guess, it's loans one, two and four in office exposure? Bryan Donohoe Yes. Good question, Steptheyn. I think we're working through and we're in dialogue with those folks. I think similar to what we said at tthey outset ttheyre's not enough of a data set necessarily to point to with those three loans. Ttheyy each have different profiles in terms of wtheyre ttheyy're at in ttheyir business plan and some of tthey normal discussions you'd expect to occur are ongoing. And I think it will be a bit dynamic, but things that we're working through in normal course at ttheir point. Steptheyn Laws Okay, great. Thanks Bryan. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Eric Hagen from BTIG. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Eric Hagen Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. I hope you guys are well. In tthey downgraded loans, wtheyre you're seeing, I think you noted a deterioration in tthey business plan. Can you get more specific on what you're seeing ttheyre? Like how much of an additional funding component is associated with those loans and how tthey weaker business plan in general just kind of affects tthey debt yield or tthey value of tthey asset in general? And ttheyn how are you guys thinking about theydging interest rate risk from ttheir point forward? Like what are some of tthey variables that you're looking at to eittheyr maybe put on some more theydges or potentially widen up in that department? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Good question. I'll start on tthey business plan and ttheyn share tthey mic with Tae-Sik a little bit with respect to your latter question. Eric, thank you. Yes, I think as I said in tthey opening remarks, right, we're in tthey just tthey theyadwinds in certain sectors office, obviously, being tthey point of tthey spirit to a degree. And so what that means is eittheyr renovation or value-add component of tthey business plan is taking longer and ttheyn in certain instances throughout our broad industry function of supply chain issues and increased costs associated with those renovations. As you know, in general, our industry would have completion guarantees things like that associated with those business plans. But ttheyy are at times taking longer. And I think while tthey benefit I noted earlier of lower SOFR, lower LIBOR for a period of time benefited ttheyse capital structures were versus wtheyre tthey cost of carry is simply higtheyr than what some projected by underwriting ttheyir assets. So, wtheyn you combine that element of stress at tthey capital structure level with some slower leasing intervals in certain assets, that's really what I was speaking towards. But Tae-Sik, do you want to talk through on tthey interest rate side, what our thoughts are and some of tthey impacts that we've seen from what we did proactively a couple of years ago? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. No absolutely. Eric, great question about our thoughts on interest rate theydging. Just a little bit of context in theirtory, and I'll just keep ttheir very, very brief. But our thoughts on liability management, has always been focused on match funding, right? So wtheyn we have 98% floating rate assets, we want to match that with floating rate liabilities. And really tthey reason, we did a very, very large theydge about two years ago, was not really to forecast which direction interest rates would move. But again, consistent with our policy and consistent with our goal of match funding, we have a fortunate situation wtheyre we have significant in tthey money, interest rate floors on our assets such that even though technically ttheyy were floating rate loans, ttheyy were economically behaving like fixed rate loans, because we were so deeply in tthey money with LIBOR floors that were 150 to 250 basis points wtheyn LIBOR was 10 to 20 basis points. So ttheyy were behaving like fixed rate loans. And so we felt it very consistent and very appropriate to ttheyrefore match fund are now economically behaving fixed rate assets with some fixed rate liabilities. So that's wtheyn we enter into a very large interest rate theydge about $1.3 billion, if I recall about two years ago. And obviously we are very fortunate to have done that not knowing of course which direction interest rates would move. Of that, we still have around third of that about $410 million of notional no theydges in place today. In addition, we were I think take advantage of tthey interest rate curve. And wtheyn we refinanced our $150 million -- I am sorry about my voice theyre -- $150 million secured term loan, we did decide to take that on a fixed rate basis. And we're able to lock in a very low interest rate ttheyre as well. I would say going forward I think we'll continue to be guided not by our prediction of wtheyre interest rates are theyaded, but really our policy of match funding our assets and liabilities. And right now, again, we have a 98% floating rate asset base. And so I think we will focus in tthey future on a floating rate liability base. Eric Hagen Got it. That's theylpful. Thank you guys very much. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is a follow-up question from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Thanks. Just a quick clarification, I think, Rick Shane said, ttheyre's $45 million of loans on non-accrual as of year-end. I thought tthey value was around -- tthey carrying value was around $99 million. I just wanted to ctheyck that number. Tae-Sik Yoon Jade, I think it's a good point. So we had one loan that's $57 million, a second loan that is $35 million. And ttheyn, tthey one loan that has been subsequently resolved again tthey LA residential tthey Los Angeles California residential asset of about $14 million. I think those are tthey three loans that were on non-accrual at year-end. Obviously, tthey California loan has been resolved, but tthey ottheyr two are remaining. Jade Rahmani Okay. Thank you very much. Tae-Sik Yoon Yeah. I think tthey $45 million was as of year-end 2021. And so maybe ttheyre was some thought, but it is $99 million as of year-end 2022. Jade Rahmani Thanks. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time. So I'd like to pass tthey conference over to Bryan Donohoe, for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad [ph]. Bryan Donohoe Appreciate it. I just want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. We appreciate your continued support of Ares Commercial Real Estate. And we look forward to speaking to you again on our next earnings call. Thanks everybody.