Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 15, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Carl Drake - Head, Public Company, IR Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Rick Shane - J.P. Morgan Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Tim Hayes - BTIG Operator Good afternoon and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded on February 15, 2022. I'll now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Veronica Mayer Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company, Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks and good afternoon, everyone. Today we reported anottheyr strong quarter results, which included a record year for our company. In tthey fourth quarter, we reported distributable earnings of $0.41 per share, and $1.55 per share for tthey full-year up 14% compared to a year ago. We had anottheyr active quarter with $365 million of new loan commitments bringing our total to a record $1.4 billion for tthey full-year. Our originations drove portfolio growth of 33% to $2.4 billion, which supported our increased earnings for tthey year. Our credit quality continues to be relatively stable with a positive migration in our weighted average portfolio ratings, and we continue to actively manage our assets. To that end, we're pleased to announce that we've entered into an agreement to sell our one REO property, tthey Westctheyster Marriott, with an expected close at tthey end of tthey first quarter. As we look back at 2021, we're proud of many of our accomplishments. We've scaled our capital base accretively, furttheyr diversified our portfolio, and meaningfully strengttheyned our financial structure. We increased our access to non-recourse debt, and our equity base is now 44% larger than one year ago. We also generate distributable earnings well in excess of our dividends for tthey fifth year in a row, and we believe we are well-positioned for tthey year atheyad. In addition, over tthey last year, tthey Ares real estate platform across tthey U.S. and Europe now stands at $41 billion of assets under management, including nearly $10 billion in real estate debt AUM. Tthey scaling of our debt business has expanded our market coverage and access to transaction opportunities, which allowed us to increase our origination activity, while maintaining rigorous standards for credit quality. We welcomed new institutional sponsors to tthey ACRE platform, while remaining a trusted partner to our legacy sponsors who value our ability to customize solutions, our certainty of capital and speed of execution. In tthey fourth quarter, approximately 75% of our loan commitments were secured by multi-family and self-storage properties, both of which benefit from strong rental trends. Tthey remaining 25% was in tthey industrial sector, which certainly has its own merits, and we are an active player in both debt and equity across tthey Ares platform. We continue to see robust activity in our target markets of tthey South and Mid-Atlantic, wtheyre we see strong demographic growth drivers. Tthey returns on tthey new loans were consistent with our target levels commensurate with tthey risk profile of each asset class. Tthey portfolio continues to be well-positioned for potential increases in interest rates with approximately 98% invested in floating rate loans. Our portfolio is largely comprised of what we believe are more stable property types, with our most recent originations focused on multi-family, industrial and self-storage assets. Furttheyr, and as I mentioned earlier, in November of 2021, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement at tthey Westctheyster Marriott. Since taking over tthey property in early 2019, we executed on our strategic plan, including improving operations and completing renovations. By reducing tthey expense load and focusing on tthey harvesting demand, we were able to successfully manage tthey property throughout tthey pandemic. Our ability to deliver on our strategic plan demonstrates tthey hospitality expertise and relationships of our team and throughout tthey Ares platform. While ttheir is tthey only REO in our 10-year theirtory, taking ownership of a property is one of tthey tools that we can use to protect our investment outcomes. Upon tthey sale of tthey property, we have elected to make a loan to tthey new owner, a highly regarded sponsor who is bringing substantial new equity capital that is subordinate to our loan. Looking atheyad, we expect that 2022 will be anottheyr great year for our company and our shareholders. By leveraging tthey growth of tthey Ares real estate platform, our enhanced capital structure and diversified sources of liquidity, including tthey Ares warehouse, we expect to efficiently deploy our equity base to remain as fully invested as appropriate throughout tthey course of tthey year. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Great, thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. Earlier today for tthey fourth quarter of 2021, we reported GAAP net income of $17.2 million or $0.36 per common share, and distributable earnings of $19.4 million for $0.41 per common share. For tthey fourth quarter of 2021, our earnings were bolstered through receipt of additional payments, as well as acceleration of deferred fees in connection with tthey repayment of a number of loans. We've expected that a few of ttheyse repayments would occur in tthey first quarter of 2022. But with tthey repayment occurring before year-end 2021, some of ttheyse fees and payments associated with ttheyse repayments were pulled forward into tthey fourth quarter of 2021. For full-year 2021, GAAP net income was $60.5 million or $1.42 per common share, and distributable earnings were $66 million, or $1.55 per common share. As a result, for tthey fifth consecutive year, ACRE fully covered its dividends per common share through distributable earnings per common share, both regular and supplemental. Our earnings ttheir year benefited from strong momentum in originations. Our portfolio grew to record $2.4 billion in loans theyld for investments at year-end 2021 about a 33% increase versus $1.8 billion at year-end 2020. In addition, we continue to benefit from our LIBOR floors, which at year-end 2021 had a weighted average rate of 1.1%. During 2021, we continue to improve our financial structure by increasing our access to non-recourse debt, extending tthey maturities on certain facilities and reducing our overall cost of capital. We also refined our corporate borrowings by increasing tthey size and lowering tthey interest rate on our $150 million term loan. By utilizing tthey internal resources of our manager, we are able to execute ttheir transaction directly, which resulted in significant cost savings to ACRE. Most significantly, we increased our common capital base by more than $200 million due to tthey two follow-on equity capital raises, both of which were done at premium to book value in tthey first half of 2021. As we indicated, we've been increasing our overall leverage ending 2021 with a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.7x excluding CECL reserve. At year-end 2021, our CECL reserve was at $25.2 million, a small increase versus tthey amount theyld at tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2021, due to tthey new origination activities in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Our weighted average portfolio risk rating was 2.8, with 93% of tthey loan portfolio rated at 3 or better on a five-point scale. Additionally, no new loans were put on non-accrual and tthey total balance of tthey two loans that had been on non-accrual represent less than 2% of our overall total portfolio. We remain in active dialogue with ttheyse borrowers in order to bring ttheyse two loans to resolution. Now, let me spend some time discussing our portfolio positioning in tthey context of changing short-term interest rates. As of year-end, 98% of our portfolio as measured by unpaid principal balance was comprised of floating rate loans. Our assets are currently positioned to benefit from increases in benchmark indices. As of December 31st, 32% of our loans have a LIBOR floor below 25 basis points, and 43% had LIBOR floors below 50 basis points. At tthey same time, we theydged a significant portion of our floating rate liabilities, and fixed tthey interest rate on our $150 million term loan, so that increases in benchmark indices won't have a basis point by basis point increase in our overall liability funding costs. So for example, on a pro forma basis and using our fourth quarter 2021 portfolio and corresponding liabilities, we estimate that a hypottheytical 50 basis point increase in benchmark indices would not have materially impacted our earnings. In comparison, without our interest rate theydges in place, on a pro forma basis ttheir same 50 basis point hypottheytical increase in short-term rates would have reduced our earnings. As you can see on our year-end 2021 balance ttheyyet, our interest rate theydges had a fair value mark of about $3 million. And more recently, as of February 11, 2022, with short-term rates rising furttheyr since year-end, tthey fair value mark of our interest rate theydges were about $7.8 million, or about $0.16 per common share. Before I turn it back to Bryan for some closing remarks, we would like to provide some additional details on our dividends. Ttheir morning, we announced that first quarter 2022 regular dividend of $0.33 per common share, as well as a continuation of a supplemental dividend of $0.02 per common share. As a reminder, in 2021, we implemented a supplemental quarterly $0.02 per common share dividend, as a way of sharing a portion of tthey earnings benefit we are receiving from LIBOR floors. Although we expect to see a decline benefit from LIBOR floors in 2022, and tthey impact may vary quarter-to-quarter, at ttheir point, it is a goal of tthey company to continue sharing a portion of tthey earnings benefit from LIBOR floors with shareholders through tthey $0.02 quarterly supplemental dividend. So with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe That's great. Thank you, Tae-Sik. As we look atheyad to 2022, we have a positive outlook on our strength and position and tthey many levers we have to pull to continue generating strong returns for our shareholders. We expect to continue to source attractive investments, benefit from material increases in interest rates, and pursue opportunities to furttheyr enhance our balance ttheyyet efficiency and funding costs. I want to thank our team for all of ttheyir hard work last year. As we continue to navigate tthey uncertainties and volatility surrounding tthey pandemic throughout tthey year, I am proud of how tthey entire team rallied togettheyr to generate a record year of earnings. With that, operator, will you please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. I'm hoping you could theylp size tthey kind of tthey extra payments that you received or extra income you received in tthey fourth quarter with tthey repayment of some of tthey loans? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good afternoon, Doug. Thanks for your question. Yes, as we mentioned, we've benefited significantly from repayment activity in tthey fourth quarter, some which were accompanied by eittheyr make-whole fees or acceleration of deferred fees, as I mentioned in our opening remarks. So I think to answer your question, total was about $0.05 of distributable earnings per share equivalent of about $0.05. So of tthey $0.41, about $0.05 was due to those repayments. And I think it's worth repeating, as I stated in tthey opening remarks that we did expect some of ttheyse loans to repay in tthey first quarter of 2022. So, in effect, some of that $0.05 was pulled forward from what we would have ottheyrwise expected in tthey first quarter of 2022, into tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Doug Harter And I guess Tae-Sik just to theylp frame that, I mean, I imagine you get some of those fees on a regular basis, obviously, not as predictable, but I guess how would you size kind of over a year, or maybe to put that in context maybe what did you receive kind of over 2021, just to kind of theylp size tthey magnitude of that $0.05? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good question. I think 2020 obviously, was a bit of an anomaly because we had significantly lower repayments in 2020 for obvious reasons. 2021 started to return to a little bit of normal, right, but you can see many of tthey repayments happened really in tthey fourth quarter. I would say, again, ttheir is going to vary quite a bit, as you can tell quarter-to-quarter. But I think particularly wtheyn you look back furttheyr into 2019 and even before that, we generally had about call it $0.015 to $0.02 per quarter in ttheyse types of fees. So call it $0.06 to $0.08 per year is generally what we have had per distributable earnings per share impact in terms of accelerating deferred fees or ottheyr type of payments that we get in connection with repayments. Doug Harter And do you think we're moving back again understanding that ttheyre will be quarterly volatility, do you think we're moving back to that type of environment wtheyre kind of over time, you could expect to that type of acceleration of income? Tae-Sik Yoon I mean, that's certainly tthey direction it's theyaded, right. Obviously, we had a bit of a pause in 2020. We saw tthey change occurring in 2021, particularly tthey second half of 2021. So, yes, I think our expectation is that 2022 will return to a little bit more of a normal pattern, if you want to call that repayments. Having said that, I think it's important to point out that, our loans are very much sort of one-off situations, right, each loan, and tthey sponsors behind each of tthey properties are completing ttheyir projects or completing ttheyir value add plans. And what we're finding is that tthey repayment of loans are very much tied to tthey success and timing of those plan. So it's hard to do ttheir statistically. And it is really sort of a loan-by-loan analysis, as we mentioned before. But I would say its fair overall to think that so far, I think what we're seeing is that tthey trend is getting back to more of a normalized repayment pattern, versus what we've had for tthey past 18 months. Doug Harter Great. Thank you, Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon I'm sorry. Thank you, Doug. Operator Our next question will come from Rick Shane with J.P. Morgan. Please go atheyad. Rick Shane Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning and appreciate tthey transparency on tthey rate sensitivity. If we could take a look at Slide 8 I just want to ask a couple clarifying questions. Wtheyn you show tthey bottom axis, tthey x-axis, it's a benchmark interest rates at zero plus 50 plus 100. Is tthey left benchmark interest rate index at zero, not zero, no change? But if benchmark rates were to go to zero, I just want to make sure I understand that? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes, no, that's correct. Not, not no change. But if ttheyre was literally zero rattheyr than tthey 10 or so basis points that it actually was so not a significant change. But basically, if benchmark rates were to be zero, what would that impacted ttheyn, correct. Rick Shane Okay, so think of it as sort of a channel mark. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, wtheyn we look at tthey swaps and tthey notional on tthey swaps, you have just over at least as of tthey third quarter, just over a billion of swaps and caps. Tthey tenor on those was about one year back ttheyn. So tthey dynamics have changed fairly significantly since tthey third quarter or even since December 31st. With expectations on forward-rates going up significantly higtheyr than we thought even a month ago. Assuming tthey swaps roll off, and you don't replace ttheym at what level of rates do you become asset sensitive again, because theyre you show that you would be liability sensitive up a 100 basis points, but wtheyre's tthey crossover point? So we can think down tthey road wtheyn tthey swaps aren't in place, but rates are higtheyr? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, great question, Rick. Ttheyre's a lot to cover in that question, right. And just by I think it's important to mention sort of tthey background of tthey reason we did tthey theydging, right. So tthey reason we did tthey theydging a little bit more than about a year ago, is that again, our goal at ACRE is to match fund assets and liabilities that is not to take a position on tthey direction of interest rates. We may have a bias towards whatever direction is going, but again, tthey goal of theydging is to match fund assets and liabilities. And as we mentioned a year ago wtheyn we put ttheyse theydges in place, while we are 98% floating rate assets, because of tthey floors and how deeply ttheyy were into tthey money on those floors, ttheyy were economically behaving like fixed rate loans, right. And so, ttheyrefore, we felt it was in keeping with our match funding principle to ttheyn fix our floating rate liabilities, almost all of which again are floating rate into fixed rate liabilities, so again match fund tthey economic fixed rate characteristics of tthey assets, right. So that was tthey objective and that continues to be tthey objective for our theydging program. And tthey reason we have had a decline in tthey notional balance of our theydges is because those notional balances were designed to match tthey outstanding principal balance of tthey assets we have within tthey money floors, right. So we're trying to again match fund assets and liabilities between those assets with LIBOR floors and liabilities that we ttheyn had using swaps and caps. Your question about asset sensitivity, even today, even though again, most of our loans have LIBOR floors and tthey average LIBOR floor is over a 100 basis points. It's a bit barbell, meaning that tthey loans that we've booked, a year, two years, three years ago, have LIBOR floors that are well within tthey money. And tthey loans that have more recently been booked since tthey onset of tthey pandemic, for example, those have been booked with much lower floors, much lower than 50 basis points. So even as of December 31st, 2021, year-end 2021 43% of our loans had a floor less than 50 basis points. So, once rates go above 50 basis points, or even up to that 50 basis points, you can tell we already have ttheyse amount of asset sensitivity to rising rates. And one figure that's not on page 8, that might also be theylpful in answering your question is that by end of 2022, if you just look at tthey stated maturity of tthey loans, again, we're going to have about $660 million of loans that mature in 2022, that have LIBOR floors, that will also run off so that that 43% of loans will actually become more than 70% of our loans again, assuming that ttheyse loans with tthey state of maturity stay up in time. So 70% of our loans will have ttheir asset sensitivity at 50 basis points. So, we actually think that we have good asset sensitivity already, and one that will grow over tthey course of 2022. And ttheyn, as you said, we have designed our theydging program to ttheyn furttheyr decline a notional balance, because of that expected increase in tthey asset sensitivity. We ttheyn will have greater liability sensitivity throughout tthey year as well to again match fund tthey increase in asset sensitivity. Rick Shane Okay, so good. It's incredibly theylpful. Tae-Sik Yoon Does that answer your question? Rick Shane It absolutely does. It's incredibly theylpful. And I'm sitting theyre with a modest theirtory with ARCC and Carlo on tthey phone thinking about a few conversations in terms of theydging strategies along tthey way. It's clearly worked out very well for you so thank you guys. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes, absolutely. In so many ways we have had tthey playbook as we've called it as ARCC to work with. So it's been great to be able to do that. Operator Our next question will come from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve DeLaney Thanks. Hello, everyone, and congratulations on a strong close to tthey year. Just picking up on strong years. Obviously, loan portfolio growth of 33% is kind of abnormal, strong market strong activity market. And in a lot of repays, Bryan, as you look at tthey marketplace today on tthey demand side, and you also look at your portfolio and sort of tthey residual pre-COVID loans that you might still have on a net-net basis are you expecting net portfolio growth in 2022? Bryan Donohoe Yes, certainly tough to precisely predict tthey wtheyn and tthey wtheyre. But if we look back on tthey past year, throughout our industry, we all shared in ttheir kind of record transaction volume for commercial real estate in tthey U.S., and I think we were all beneficiaries of that. I think specific to us with our current scale. I think we still have more room to run. So if we think about a loan being repaid, even just static state and think about deploying 1.1x 1.2x what we are repaid we've got ample scale personnel and capital wise to do that. So that's really tthey philosophy behind it. I think tthey ebbs and flows of wtheyn that occurs. Obviously, it's a little outside of our control, but we feel sure about tthey continued growth. Steve DeLaney Got it. Okay, thanks. That's theylpful. Tthey $317 million in repays in tthey fourth quarter is obviously unusually high gets almost covered equal to tthey first three quarters of tthey year and we really appreciate Tae-Sik tthey fee comment associated with that. I'm curious, something more -- maybe a little more subtle, your Ares warehouse facility, with all those repayments coming in, did you utilize that facility and did it contribute, having that facility in place and tthey ability to quickly pull down a loan, so that you'd be fully deployed, did that come into play in tthey fourth quarter in a meaningful way? Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon I wouldn't say in a meaningful way, I mean, as we touctheyd on a little bit of a pull forward. And so I think it indirectly continues indirectly and directly benefits us throughout tthey course of tthey year, wtheyn can be a little bit unpredictable, but it is an asset for us. Obviously, as we've discussed in prior quarters, but in ttheir case, it wasn't a significant driver of kind of dry powder, if you will. Steve DeLaney Got it, okay. And I assume part of that is because your demand for new loans, and your lending activity had been so strong as well, that you had quite a pipeline sitting in front of you. One final little thing, Tae-Sik I noticed one of your CLOs for 2017 FL3, that's getting some age on it, I assume it's in runoff, is ttheyre an opportunity coming up ttheir year to call that and just improve tthey return ttheyre on that capital? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Steve, FL3 has been around, like you said for a long time. And we've been a tremendous beneficiary of ttheir, because we have now a number of times actually renewed tthey revolving period of FL3. So ttheir is a huge advantage for us, as I mentioned, FL3 was done with a single investor buying all of tthey investment grade notes. And because of that direct private placement, utilizing tthey resources of our Manager, we've been able to again just keep extending tthey revolving period for two to three years at a time. So we actually have couple of years of life left on that revolving period. So our goal is to keep FL3 going. So we now have our one revolving FL3. We supplemented that with FL4 last year as well, which is a static CLO. So we have both in play right now. But our plan is to keep FL3 going and not run it off or not refinance it, because of tthey continuation of tthey revolving period. Steve DeLaney Thanks. My bad I remember, specifically wtheyn you did extend that and that it was sort of a house account for Ares that kind of theylped work that out. So my apologies on that. So that's yet thank you, all tthey best for your 10th anniversary year in 2022. Tae-Sik Yoon Steve, thank you so much for remembering it. And I think partly tthey reason you remember that you've been with us ttheir whole time. So thank you for -- thanks for being ttheyre tthey whole time as well. Steve DeLaney That's why my memory is strong, yes. Operator Our next question will come from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. We've seen a big increase in originations from particularly tthey non-bank lenders. And I was wondering if you could provide your thoughts on what's driven that just staggering level of growth? Bryan Donohoe Yes, I think a couple of things, mostly macro in nature, I would say we're still -- tthey industry has just evolved a great deal from tthey GSE and Dodd-Frank and Basel over in Europe. And so I think ttheyre's just been ttheir disintermediation of banks and to a degree insurance companies. I think over tthey last 24 months, one of tthey unique attributes we've seen is that tthey transactions that were occurring had more of a time of tthey essence nature to ttheym, just given those folks that wanted to exit equity positions, wanted to do so with a degree of certainty. And so that meant that tthey equity and debt had to come togettheyr in a relatively short period of time. And companies like ours were created to fill that void. So wtheyn you combine that macro over tthey last 12 years with tthey micro of tthey events post COVID, I think that's wtheyre we've seen furttheyr growth in our space and it doesn't feel like it's reversing anytime soon. Jade Rahmani If ttheyre are elements that are unsustainable, what would you think those are, I know that tthey mortgage REITs have all talked about some favorite asset classes such as multifamily at tthey same time we've seen tthey GSEs meaningfully pulled back in 2021 as ttheyy had lower caps, those caps have now been increased. In addition to that CMBS has had some challenges and has lost market share. Some folks are optimistic that CMBS can increase. So do you expect that those areas of capital could grow at tthey expense of tthey non-bank sector or not necessarily? Bryan Donohoe I think with respect to tthey securitized market, I think we're growing in concert, right. I think if you look at CLO issuance over tthey first part of ttheir year, and certainly tthey latter part of last year, you're seeing some of tthey demand, if you will, from CMBS, theirtorically be replaced by a combination of CLOs plus non-bank lenders. I think if ttheyre is a risk to your initial question, I think it's maybe it is just crowding in certain asset classes like multifamily and reliance to a degree on tthey take-outs from tthey GSEs. But as we sit theyre today, ttheyre's nothing that would indicate outsized risk in any format. Jade Rahmani And in terms of tone from real estate investors deploying capital, has ttheyre been any change recently given capital markets volatility and tthey evolving interest rate outlook, as well as inflation, any change in tone from investors' eagerness to deploy capital? Bryan Donohoe I really appreciate tthey way you characterize that as tone because I think that is probably most appropriate wtheyre as we sit theyre today, and look at rates and look at volatility in tthey CLO or CMBS market, everybody's waiting for whole loans to change in price and to widen a little bit and to see some change in equity valuations. But from an theirtorical context and cap rate gaps over treasuries, still feels like a pretty theyalthy market, and one that probably favors asset pickers a little bit more than macro players. But we're looking out for that change in tone, but have yet to see it across tthey board. Jade Rahmani And what are your thoughts around credit, I believe tthey loan loss provision was attributable primarily to growth in tthey portfolio and tthey regular way originations. But do you expect tthey continued improvement in credit trends, or you feel like that trend played out in 2021, and perhaps 2022 would be more of a normalization? Bryan Donohoe Look at tthey statistics from a demand perspective, from new business starts, rent growth, all tthey inflation stuff we're all sharing day-to-day, it's tough to see a change in tthey demand side. And ttheyre's certainly pockets of supply that are going to get a little bit more attention but nothing of any significance. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Tim Hayes with BTIG. Please go atheyad. Tim Hayes Hey, good afternoon, guys. Nice quarter. Just on tthey originations, you highlighted, Bryan that ttheyy were across defensive asset classes, mostly multifamily, industrial and self-storage, wtheyre I imagine ttheyre's a good amount of capital chasing those asset classes given tthey tailwind to tthey fundamentals ttheyre. And I'm just curious tthey spreads on new originations, and including those so far in tthey first quarter, seemed to be a bit wider than tthey portfolio average. So I'm just curious how you have accomplittheyyd being able to achieve a little bit wider spread on non-defensive asset classes and curious how big you see those slices of tthey pie getting in your overall portfolio over time? Bryan Donohoe That's a great question and good pick up ttheyre. I think we've invested one we've been in ttheyse sectors, specifically self-storage and have some unique relationships ttheyre that that should provide a furttheyr pipeline and based on wtheyre that sector has gone from a maturity perspective, we would like to continue to add to it. Multifamily and industrial I think ttheyre are more unique circumstances as Tae-Sik mentioned in tthey beginning of Q&A, ttheyse are asset-to-asset not index type plays in terms of how we find ttheym, how ttheyy yield and how ttheyy perform so unique risk attributes that we found attractive to create some relative value. But I don't know that ttheyy would necessarily fit in a clean box of multifamily loans. And you'd say ttheyy're all tthey same. We have relationships, we had specific insights into ttheyir performance, and we were able to secure ttheym at tthey coupons that you noticed. Tim Hayes Well was ttheyre any, I know that you don't go into too much detail on an asset-by-asset basis. But was ttheyre more kind of a theyavier lease up component or some construction risk you're taking on as to and that kind of attributes to tthey wider spread or anything else you could kind of point to or was it really ottheyr kind of more idiosyncratic, specific stuff? Bryan Donohoe I would say two main attributes. One was as you indicate wtheyre that asset sat in its lifecycle of lease up. And secondly, as I touctheyd on a couple of minutes ago, tthey timeline for closing that facility, and tthey fact that it was a repeat sponsorship for us, allowed us to probably get some market premium. Tim Hayes Got it, makes sense. And do you have a rough estimate, wtheyttheyr it's tthey fourth quarter or tthey full-year just what percentage of originations were from repeat sponsors? Bryan Donohoe Well, I don't have that off tthey top of my theyad. No, no, we can get that for you. It was fairly balanced, I would say between new sponsors and repeats. Tim Hayes Okay, got it. Bryan Donohoe But let us pull that up real quick. Tim Hayes I'm not looking for tthey exact number just trying to get a feel for how much of because it's great to do new business with new folks, but at tthey same time, and you have good relationships, that obviously theylps achieve certain risk adjusted returns, you're probably looking forward to so. Bryan Donohoe Yes, it's a balance. Tim Hayes On that, yes, okay. Bryan Donohoe I think if we -- I would say just Tim, if we think about it, we just got tthey number about 40% repeat sponsors last year, we've typically run a little bit higtheyr than that. But it's just going to ebb and flow. But we certainly see a good bit of value by continuing to partner with tthey sponsors we have in-house. Tim Hayes Got it. Got it. Okay. Well, hopefully those new sponsors and tthey repeat sponsors in tthey upcoming year or years. But and ttheyn just last question for me, investment activity, a little light so far in tthey first quarter is it's just a timing thing wtheyre you have a few deals you're working on, and ttheyy haven't quite closed yet. But just curious because it sounds like ttheyre seems to be opportunities for you to lend tthey returns, you're looking for ttheyre yet, it's pretty light so far. So just curious if it's really just a timing thing, or if competition has weigtheyd on your ability to find good loans, if you're being a little bit more selective on a relative basis than you were three, four months ago or anything else that we could read into? Bryan Donohoe No, our selectivity I think is a constant at over tthey 10-year theirtory of our company. I think that selectivity is something that that we take pride in. I think that it really is just a timing thing wtheyre we had a busy end to tthey fourth quarter. We had some repayments that delivered some liquidity. And I think everybody from a human nature perspective caught a bit of a breath. But from as we sit theyre looking at tthey pipeline, ttheyre's no change from our confidence interval in prior quarters. Tim Hayes Got it. Got it. Well, thanks for tthey comments ttheir afternoon. Appreciate it. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks so much. And I just want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. We certainly appreciate tthey continued support of ACRE. And we look forward to speaking to you again on our next call. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through March 1, 2022, to domestic callers by dialing 1(877) 344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. For all replays please reference conference number 3956123. An archived replay will also be available on tthey webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Relations resources section of our website. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.