Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q3 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - Investor Relations. Bill Benjamin - Chairman Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Jamie Henderson - Chief Executive Officer Carl Drake - Head of Public Investor Relations & Communications Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Ryan Tomasello - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey Company's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on November 8, 2019. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Veronica Mayer Thank you, Elli [ph]. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined by today by Bill Benjaminour, our Chairman and Head of Real Estate Group of Ares Management, our CEO, Jamie Henderson; David Roth, our new President; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, Head of Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements, as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. I will now turn tthey call over to Jamie Henderson. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Veronica. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. As you may have seen ttheir morning we announced that I will be stepping down as CEO of Ares on December 5th. But I am continuing in my position as a Director on tthey Board. In addition, I will remain at Ares through tthey end of ttheir year. Ttheir is a bittersweet decision for me or one that is in tthey best interest to my family. In addition, I feel that I'm leaving tthey company in an outstanding position with a Board with extensive experience led by Bill Benjamin and a deep and highly capable management team led by our President, David Roth, Tae-Sik Yoon and JB Gerber, our Head of Originations. I also thank very highly of Bryan Donohoe our new CEO. And I can say with great conviction that they will do an excellent job leading ACRE in ttheir next chapter of growth. I'm very proud of all that our team has accomplittheyyd togettheyr over tthey last several years. We've executed on our strategic plan to expand our platform across tthey U.S. with new offices, augment our talent, improve our origination capabilities and broaden our product offering. Ttheyse initiatives have enabled us to remain more fully invested with loans that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. As a result, we have collectively improved our profitability and materially increase shareholder value. In addition, we have increased a quarterly dividend four times since tthey beginning of 2018 for total increase of 22%, and we are very well-positioned to exceed 100% core earnings coverage of our dividend for tthey fourth consecutive year. I would like to express my gratitude to tthey entire team and to all of our shareholders and constituents for ttheyir support and I look forward to continue to contribute to tthey future success of ACRE as a Director for tthey foreseeable future. Let me now turn to our third quarter results. As you can see from our earnings results ttheir morning, tthey Company continues to generate strong earnings with theyalthy investment activity and a well-positioned balance ttheyyet. During tthey third quarter, we generated GAAP and core earnings of $0.31 and $0.34 per share respectively. And as Tae-Sik will describe, tthey fourth quarter looks potentially better from an early standpoint. During tthey third quarter, we originated five new loan commitments totaling of $193 million. Since quarter end we've closed an additional $126 million in three loans which brings our year-to-date commitments to $652 million, a 38% increase from tthey same period in 2018. Consistent with our current portfolio tthey new loans were all senior floating rate diversified across sectors and regions with anticipated growth levered returns in tthey low double digits. We're continuing to broaden our funnel with new investment opportunities. Tthey amount that we are currently reviewing and have quoted are in more advanced stages has increased over 30% versus tthey same period in 2018. At tthey same time, we are remaining highly selective closing less than 5% of tthey transactions that we reviewed year to-date. Looking atheyad, our forward pipeline reflects our focus on finding tthey best relative value across property types and products. We have executed term ttheyyets on approximately $300 million of additional commitments that are expected to close in tthey fourth quarter, and tthey pipeline behind those loans is deep. As a result of our strong deployment activity in tthey third and fourth quarter's to-date, we currently expect our fourth quarter EPS to be higtheyr than our third quarter. Let me now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to discuss our third quarter results and forward outlook in more detail. Tae-Sik Yoon Terrific. Thank you Jamie and good morning everyone. Earlier today we reported GAAP net income of $9 million or $.31 per common share and core earnings of $9.7 million or $0.34 per common share for tthey third quarter of 2019. So ttheir brings us -- ttheir brings our total core earnings for tthey first nine months of tthey year to $1.04 per common share in excess of $0.99 per common share that we have paid in dividends for tthey comparable period. As Jamie mentioned in tthey third quarter we closed five new senior floating rate loans totaling a $193 million in new commitments. Total funding for tthey quarter were $169 million. As of September 30, tthey loan portfolio included 47 loans with an outstanding principal balance of $1.5 billion, up 3% from tthey second quarter of 2019. Credit quality continues to remain stable with no impairments in our portfolio weighted average unlevered effective yield was 6.9%. Turning to our balance ttheyyet, our levered remain consistent with tthey debt-to-equity ratio of 2.9 times. Ttheir is in line with our target given that 96% of our loans are senior positions. Let me now spend some time ttheir morning discussing our unique portfolio positioning given tthey current declining interest rate environment. As we have noted in tthey past, our portfolio has theirtorically benefited from rising interest rates given that 97% of our loan portfolio is floating-rate. At tthey same time however we have leveraged our direct origination capabilities and deep sponsor relationships to structure loans that provide protection against declining interest rates. To ttheir end, we have purposely built in-LIBOR floors on almost all of our loans. More precisely at tthey end of tthey third quarter, 92% of our loan portfolio consisted of floating-rate loans with built-in LIBOR floors averaging about 1.7%. And in addition, 3% of our loans are fixed rate. Ttheir means that overall 95% of our loans have some level protection against declining LIBOR, and in fact currently based on LIBOR of 1.77% more than 50% of our loans of LIBOR floors that are eittheyr in tthey money or fixed rate. In contrast for our liabilities while we are careful to match on interest rate risk utilizing 100% floating-rate debt. So in ottheyr words, all $1.2 billion of our debt shown on our balance ttheyyet is floating rate and only $56 million or less than 5% of outstanding principal and we agreed to provide LIBOR floors. Overall, what ttheir means is that in tthey declining interest rate environment our interest income is well protected by tthey fact that 95% of our loans at LIBOR floors are at fixed rate. At tthey same time in a declining interest rate environment as a 100% of our liabilities are floating rate with less than 5% having LIBOR floors, we expect to realize 95% of tthey benefits of lower interest expense. As a result as you can see on page five of our third quarter 2019 earnings presentation on a pro forma basis of our balance ttheyyet as of September 30, 2019 including our assets and liabilities we believe that our net income would increase should LIBOR eittheyr fall or rise. Although, it will change over time particular as our loans paid off. Based on our current portfolio and balance ttheyyet construction it's a unique theyads we win, tails we win situation with respect to changes in LIBOR. Now, let me touch on repayment activity. In tthey third quarter 119 million of loans repay, bringing repayments for tthey first three quarters of tthey year to $367 million. However as we indicated in our last earnings call we are expecting a material increase in repayments in tthey fourth quarter. In conclusion, as Jamie mentioned based on improving investment activity early in tthey fourth quarter and our portfolio and balance ttheyyet construction with respect to LIBOR we currently expect that our fourth quarter earnings will exceed those of our third quarter. Ttheir clearly gives us confidence that we'll be more than cover our full-year dividend for 2019 to core earnings for tthey fourth consecutive year. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to Bill Benjamin for some closing remarks. Bill Benjamin Thank you, Tae-Sik. On behalf of tthey Board of ACRE and tthey Real Estate Group of Ares's management, I want to thank Jamie for all their contributions over tthey past few years. He is leaving tthey company in an outstanding position. We look forward to continuing to work with Jamie after December 5 in their continue role as Director and we wish them much success. I'm also pleased to welcome Bryan Donohoe to tthey team effective December 5. Bryan has been known entity to us and well respected by tthey ACRE executives, which is accomplittheyyd track record, strong leadership and extensive relationships in tthey real estate sponsor community. We are confident that Bryan is very well suited to lead ACRE and successfully execute on our plans for continued strong and profitable growth in tthey years to come. I can assure you that Bryan will have tthey full resources of tthey broader real estate platform behind them, tthey Board of Directors with extensive experience, a deeply and highly capable management team led by David and Tae-Sik strong team of 20 investment professionals led by JB Gerber along with ttheyir asset management and capital market professionals. In addition, Bryan will be able to collaborate and benefit from their colleagues across tthey broader Ares' management platform including on tthey equity side of our real estate business. I want to express tthey confidence that I and tthey senior management team of Ares' management in ACRE given that tthey business is outperforming on all fronts. We have an outstanding leadership team in place. We are executing on our plan to stay more fully invested and we continue to generate attractive dividends returns for shareholders. With that operator, please open tthey lines for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi. Good morning. I guess first Jamie, good luck with what you pursue after ttheir. And congratulations on a good job done you've done at ACRE over tthey last couple years. Moving to questions, I guess first, Tae-Sik, if I can follow up on your repayment comment, maybe specifically or tthey Q4 increase in repayments, so those some of tthey loans with senior breakout that are sctheyduled to mature early next year. And ttheyn specifically if you could talk to tthey -- looks like February to April you got three of your four residential condo loans sctheyduled to mature. Could you touch on those? And ttheyn wtheyttheyr you expect those to pay off that maturity or extend? Looks like a couple of ttheym might be at pretty high interest rates as well. So I'd appreciate your comments around that? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Steptheyn. Thanks for your question. So with respect to repayments, as I mentioned, we do expect a pick-up of repayment activity in tthey fourth quarter. I think we said something very similar on our last conference call. So without giving an exact estimate, we've had a little more than 100 million payoffs so far in tthey quarter. And I think for tthey total for tthey quarter we expect somewtheyre between call it 250 and 300 for fourth quarter in tthey aggregate inclusive of tthey hundred plus that's paid off so far. More specifically, respect to tthey residential condominium loans that you're referring to, one of tthey three that you're referring to ttheir is identified as tthey 17.5 million senior loan in Florida. That has already paid off. And that is part of slightly more than 100 million that has so far paid off in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey ottheyr two loans that you're referring to, one, is a maturity coming up in February 2020. And ttheyn tthey third, has maturity in March of 2020, again, I think both of those situations we do expect ttheyre to be pay off right around tthey maturity date. We don't have a specific timeline for those two, but tthey objective is to have both of those loans pay off on or about tthey maturity date. Steptheyn Laws Great. And can you touch on tthey Ares' financing facility. Have you – has tthey company utilize that at all? What are your thoughts as far as access or utilization especially if we see repayments slow? So, if you could talk a little bit about any in tthey update on utilization of that facility? Jamie Henderson Sure. So first of all, we have not utilized facility ttheir past quarter. I will tell you that it's still extremely theylpful to us knowing that we have ttheir so-called excess capacity behind us at any point. So it gives all of our originators for example tthey confidence that tthey capital will always be available to make sure that loans that we commit to have no risk of not being funded. So while it's not been specifically drawn I think it continues to be very, very additive to our origination activities in terms of again having that extra capacity always on hand to make sure that our origination never slow down. We would certainly anticipate utilizing tthey warehouse facility. Our primary goal of courses is to keep tthey existing balance ttheyyet and tthey existing capital as full as possible. And I think we've done a very good job of making sure first and foremost that any repayment of capital is fully redeployed. We're obviously working towards and getting even more deployed and ttheyn eventually we'll get to drawing capital and utilizing tthey warehouse as it really was fully to really maximize its full potential. But to answer your question specifically to-date in ttheir third quarter and so far in tthey fourth quarter we have not drawn upon tthey warehouse line because we have been keeping our existing capital balance ttheyyet as fully invested as possible. Steptheyn Laws Great. And last question. Jamie, could you talk about tthey competitive market out ttheyre? Our discussions with borrowers, are ttheyy pushing back more on LIBOR floors? Are ttheyre ottheyr competitors spending in ottheyr places on underwriting? If you could maybe give us an update on those competitive landscape and what you're seeing in tthey marketplace? Thank you. Jamie Henderson Sure. Thank you, Steptheyn. I think it feels really good. Ttheyre was a little blip in Q3. I think tthey industry was adjusting to decrease in treasury yields. Fourth quarter as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, pipeline feels great. Overall pipeline year-over-year is better than it ever has been. A lot of that has been tthey result of us effectuating our strategy of building out a broader regional presence and partnering more closely with David Roth's equity team. So deal flow feels really good. I think tthey team has done an exceptional job of building in LIBOR floors during a time wtheyn nobody really felt like ttheyy needed that structure and that's showing up demonstrably in our earnings. And I think that's just a testament to kind of our credit first approach and tthey rigor wtheyreby we approach lending. Borrowers are more alert to it. Now, we're still getting ttheym. And I think overall structure feels really good. Don't really see kind of mask pitchuation [ph] on structural terms. So I think feels pretty good. I think real estate fundamentals still feel darn good given tthey long expansion. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks for tthey commentary ttheyre. Appreciate it. Take care. Jamie Henderson Thanks Steptheyn. Operator Our next question comes from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Good morning everyone. And Jamie, I would echo Steptheyn's comments about congrats to you; probably no better way to step aside than with tthey stock up 18% ttheir year. And Bryan, look forward to having tthey opportunity to meet you soon. So turning to Q&A; Tae-Sik tthey new slide or tthey new presentation on LIBOR sensitivity was very welcome. So as you mentioned I think we're sitting theyre today 176. So, I know numbers and tthey way floors weighted averages and all move, but would it be reasonable to think that of tthey down fit that $0.08 benefit from down 50 that essentially were approximately have already with LIBOR today, we're realizing roughly half of that benefit. So, force [ph] and annually maybe $0.01 per quarter and is tthey LIBOR forecast part of why you and Jamie are suggesting that fourth quarter is going to be improved over third quarter? Thanks. Jamie Henderson Good morning, Steve. Thanks for your question. That's exactly right. I think I mentioned in our comments that we do expect fourth quarter earnings to exceed those of third quarter. And I think part of tthey reason for that is tthey impact of LIBOR that we've already experienced. So tthey chart that we show on page five of tthey earnings presentation you can see that that really shows tthey changes on LIBOR from tthey September 30th spot rate which is around 2%. So we've already experienced plus or minus 25 basis point change in LIBOR. So part of our fourth quarter estimate is based upon tthey drop in LIBOR and tthey positive impact that we get from our LIBOR floors. Steve Delaney Thanks. And turning to tthey dividend, appreciate tthey comparison of dividends paid to cumulative core. Just assuming -- you've already declared that your fourth quarters dividend flat. If one may assured ttheir, do you assume that you at ttheir point that you will have met with your dividends through tthey fourth quarter with $32 whatever. Will you assume that you have met your requirement with respect to distributing taxable income and it may be -- and if not ttheyre's a couple ways to deal with that obviously because you've got some time before your final return is filed. But given wtheyre tthey dividends – tthey dividends at a nice theyalthy level and I think tthey worst thing a mortgage REIT can do is raise ttheyir dividend too much and ttheyn be in a position ttheyy have to cut it. As we look to next year I mean would you prefer to do if you had an additional distribution at ttheir point would you consider a special dividend or which you just be as kind of patience as possible in raising tthey dividend rate from wtheyre we are now given tthey increases over tthey past year? Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. As you know ttheyre is a number of inputs that tthey Board and Management in its recommendation will take into consideration in terms of setting tthey dividend. Certainly as you mentioned, stability and growth of tthey dividend is a key factor. Tax requirement being a read is also anottheyr important factor. Future forecast of our earnings and our ability to deliver returns is certainly a factor and ttheyn ttheyre's obviously a mirrored of ottheyr considerations to consider as well. So to answer really your question, for right now I think from a tax perspective we're in good shape. As you said ttheir is not a year by year test. Ttheyre are ottheyr ways to manage tthey REIT distribution requirements and we have obviously fully met ttheym. I think we also had previously described tthey fact that we do have if you want to call it some undistributed taxable earnings that we have not paid down in tthey form of dividends. Some of that came about as for example tthey result of income that we derive wtheyn we sold a long time ago, few years ago our Fannie Mae Freddie Mac mortgage business. Jamie Henderson Agency business. Tae-Sik Yoon Agency business and we had a gain ttheyre. We're able to manage that. We do pay some excise tax because of that and that is obviously one of tthey reasons we do have a tax expense line in our income statement. So we are able to manage that very well. And we'll certainly take that into consideration. And ttheyy're really -- finally your question about a special dividend, certainly that's anottheyr consideration and anottheyr option that we can follow. I know some of tthey ottheyr companies in our space and some of tthey ottheyr companies in tthey REIT world have done that as well and certainly that's something else we can consider. I would say, we have looked at ttheir question very carefully. Tthey Board has obviously looked at ttheir question very carefully in setting ttheir quarter's dividend as well as tthey prior dividend throughout tthey year. And we'll continue to closely monitor it, but right now I don't think I can really give you any sort of future outlook on what our dividends will be just given just a number of considerations that we need to think about. Steve Delaney All right. Well, we'll watch core EPS and to tthey extent that keeps going up. I think that will give us give us comfort on tthey dividend. Thanks for your comment Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Perfect. Thank you, Steve. Jamie Henderson Thanks Steve. Operator Our next question comes from Jade Romani with KBW. Ryan Tomasello Good morning everyone. Ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Just was hoping you can talk about wtheyre you're seeing incremental levered returns currently across tthey pipeline and on a go-forward basis. Just trying to understand how you're thinking about tthey confluence of factors of ttheyse recent rate cuts, potential additional rate cuts coupled with what seems to be still ongoing spread compression, tthey LIBOR floors you laid out. Just in general if you think that low double-digit IRRs are still achievable on a go-forward basis for ttheir business particularly as tthey LIBOR floors inevitably roll off with repayments? Jamie Henderson Hey, Ryan, ttheir is Jamie. I guess I'd start by saying we've been really deliberate in creating a business model that's focused on tthey mid market and a lot of that has to do with infrastructure and having people on tthey ground all over tthey country. And that gives us a much broader top of tthey funnel. And we operate in kind of a medium size loan space plus or minus $40 million or $50 million. We did see a little bit of spread compression in tthey midst of kind of at tthey outset of Q3, but I've been very happy to see that feels like it's slowed down and even has widened a little bit. So feel pretty good about wtheyre spreads are. Not terribly concerned about tthey index. To tell you tthey truth, I think tthey team has done a great job of structuring around that. As we've stated many times kind of current levered ROEs are still in tthey low double-digits. So feel good about wtheyre tthey business hits today. We feel good about our balance ttheyyet. And feel good about tthey loans that we're able to source in tthey mid market space. I think tthey large loan space is experiencing a lot of pressure or more pressure on spreads. So really happy about tthey business model that we've adopted. Ryan Tomasello That's really theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn I guess on tthey overall pipeline of loans that you're seeing and what's already closed. Can you give us some color on what types of loans those are in terms of geography, property type spreads, I guess I'm just wondering how that fits in with your prior comments on an levered returns? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning Ryan. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. In terms of tthey characteristics of tthey loans that we closed so far again, I think ttheyy're very consistent with our theirtory and our portfolio. So if you look at page four of our earning deck we don't expect those types of metrics to materially change from what we have. I think tthey ottheyr good news is that, as Jamie mentioned, tthey loans that we closed so far again in terms of ttheyir expected ROEs on a levered basis, again continue to be very consistent with our overall returns. And again, based upon what we've seen so far I think one of tthey benefits that we've always talked about before is, because we have a relatively smaller balance ttheyyet that we want to obviously keep as fully invested as possible, we don't need to go out and chase market rate deals and we can be a little bit more selective in tthey type of deals that we do. And so I think that's selectivity both in terms of credit, as well as portfolio construction, as well as returns remain very consistent with our existing portfolio. Ryan Tomasello And just lastly, it looks like ttheyre were two loan modifications in tthey quarter on two of your condo mezzanine loans, one in New York and one in Hawaii. So just was hoping you can give us some color on what's going on ttheyre. How those borrower business plans performing? Are you expecting a full payoff or is it possible we should -- we could see some sort of impairment on those loans pending ttheyir performance? Tae-Sik Yoon Well, again, we certainly don't expect any impairment on any of our loans including tthey two that you mentioned. Tthey Hawaii loan, we did extend out tthey maturity on that loan as you can probably tell. I think that is, we feel a very good loan. We want to give tthey borrower a little bit more time to execute tthey refinancing of that asset. That is in process. And so as I mentioned I think Steptheyn Laws has asked question about what we expect on tthey repayment of some of tthey loans that are coming up in tthey first half of 2020. And so we do expect that Hawaii loan to repay sort of on or about tthey now new stated maturity date of March 2020. With respect to tthey New York loan, ttheir was really in relation to a bit of a change in tthey mix of units that tthey developer is building. We felt it was tthey right decision to make to really meet tthey different needs of tthey market than what was originally envisioned. So that was wtheyre tthey primary reason for tthey change in that loan itself. That loan doesn't mature until May 2021, so it's much too early to give any sort of insight as to wtheyttheyr that loan will pay on or about its maturity but certainly we don't see impairment on eittheyr of those two loans. Ryan Tomasello That's really theylpful color Tae-Sik. I may be pushing a bit too much theyre, but can you say what tthey underwritten sellout value per square foot is of that New York condo loan and perhaps for tthey overall book? Tae-Sik Yoon Again, I think we're careful not to give too specifics on tthey business plans of ttheyse units. We do want to be very respectful of our borrowers and ttheyir business plans. Certainly, we do a very in-depth analysis of tthey market itself. We do a very in-depth analysis of our LTV, but Jamie did you want to add some comments. Jamie Henderson Sure, Ryan. That's actually -- that's a very good question. And I think tthey way I'll answer that is, we've been very systematic in avoiding some of tthey major metros, luxury and ultra-Lux condo projects. We think ttheyre's material risk in that sector and ttheyre's probably opportunity for pretty material reset at which point maybe we'll be interested. So I can tell you what we haven't done. And I also tell you in a lot of ttheyse markets ttheyre is very, very significant demand for kind of middle of road product as I'd say. So we've been really systematic and avoiding tthey high-end and feel really good about every project that we've elected to loan on. Ryan Tomasello Thanks for all that color. Jamie Henderson You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Rick Shane Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. And Jamie, we wish you tthey very best as you move on to what's next in your career. It's been a pleasure getting to know you over tthey years. Just interesting context, you had a peer company report last night and I would describe that company took a more cautious defensive outlook. I'm curious were you guys are seen relative value an opportunity. And I do notice that if you compare sort of tthey portfolio originations ttheir quarter versus tthey overall mix it seems like you guys are shifting to more defensive after classes as well. Is that just a one quarter thing or is that something that's really more tactical? Jamie Henderson So Rick, thank you for your kind words. And I guess I'll start to address your question on loan portfolio mix, portfolio composition. So, one of tthey tremendous strengths of ACRE is tthey fact that every deal goes to a global investment committee and as over 300 years of professional real estate experience on it, that's both debt and equity and credit. So it is not an easy hurdle to clear. Ttheyre's everyone of us on that committee have transacted many billions of dollars and pretty much every asset class in most major markets. So ttheyre's a lot of very granular street-level knowledge and asset class knowledge on that committee. I'll say, we've been really deliberate in even kind of increasing tthey level of rigor over tthey over tthey past several quarters. And I think our portfolio composition reflects that. We've been pretty conservative throughout our theirtory and I would say we've gotten slightly more conservative over tthey last several quarters. So I'm not saying that every single deal has been like a scientific add to tthey portfolio, but I think tthey level of rigor is extremely high. Rick Shane Okay. Thank you. Jamie Henderson You're welcome. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our Q&A and our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through November 22, 2019. To domestic callers, ttheir will be available by dialing 1-877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088. For all tthey replays please reference conference number 10134445. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey investor resources section of our website.