Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (NYSE:ACRE) Q4 2019 Results Conference Call February 20, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JP Morgan Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey Company's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on February 20, 2020. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad.  Veronica Mayer Thank you, Chad. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined by today by our new CEO, Bryan Donohoe; David Roth, our President; and Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO.  In addition to our press release and tthey 10-K that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements, as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. And now, I will now turn tthey call over to Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Veronica, and good morning everyone. I'm happy to be speaking with you today and I look forward to getting to know more of you in tthey weeks and months atheyad. I want to start with a few highlights of 2019 and ttheyn walk through our strategic priorities for 2020.  As you saw on our earnings release ttheir morning, we ended a successful 2019 on a high note with a strong fourth quarter. GAAP net income was $0.33 per share for tthey quarter and a $1.28 per share for tthey full year. With respect to core earnings, we generated $0.37 per share for tthey fourth quarter and a $1.41 per share for tthey full year. Earnings benefited from strong investment activity throughout tthey year at attractive spreads. Throughout 2019, we originated $777 million of commitments, a 28% increase year-over-year. We've increased our average loan size from $33 million in 2018 to $43 million in 2019 and we expect ttheir trend to continue. By increasing our average loan size, we expect to be able to continue to generate our target ROE's and more efficiently deploy our capital. Regarding tthey dividend, we paid out a $1.32 per share, up $0.16 from 2018 and ttheir marks tthey fourth consecutive year, we have fully covered our dividend from core earnings. As we look forward, we see U.S. commercial real estate fundamentals remaining favorable, due a large parts of tthey continued strength of tthey overall economy, as well as measured supply and demand dynamics. We continue to see a tight labor market and a theyalthy consumer, while we are exercising appropriate caution due to tthey duration of tthey economic cycle as well as tthey possibility of certain events driven risks. As a result of ttheir, our portfolio is purposefully constructed to be diversified across asset classes and regions with investments in 17 states. We recognize that competition for quality loans remains strong, but we continue to find attractive situational relative value in many markets and property segments.  Our national origination platform now includes offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, and New York, providing us with a growing number of opportunities and allowing us to remain highly selective. Additionally, as tthey Ares real estate platform has continued to scale, we've become a more attractive partner to our target borrowers and brokers, who appreciate that we can provide a broader array of capital solutions.  As tthey number of opportunities we reviewed continues to grow, we're remaining very disciplined with a strong focus on credit quality and loan structure. Since tthey first of tthey year, we've executed $238 million in commitments our record for ACRE in tthey first quarter with time still left on tthey calendar. We're pleased to have a strong and building pipeline of investment opportunities behind ttheyse commitments and we're seeing robust activity in each of our target markets.  Based on ttheir activity along with our strong forward-looking investment pipeline, we elected to raise $73 million in common equity during tthey month of January at an accretive basis of 108% of book. Ttheir transaction increased our book value by $0.15 per share from $14.77 per share to $14.92. Tthey performance of tthey existing portfolio remains sound with no impairments. Tthey current composition of our portfolio reflects our continued emphasis on quality. A 100% of tthey assets or investments we originated in 2019 were structured as senior mortgage loans, and tthey total senior loan a composition of our portfolio is 96%. In terms of our strategic initiatives for 2020, I just want to highlight a few items. First, we're going to continue to leverage tthey resources of tthey area's management platform and our partners on tthey real estate equity team to create more opportunities for origination. Ttheyse same synergies also allow us to efficiently evaluate each perspective credits. We're going to maintain a rigorous diligence and underwriting process with specific attention paid to loan structure and real estate quality. We're going to continue to have a discipline approach to capital efficiency in an effort to maintain high levels of invested capital and maximize profitability. We are focused on optimizing our borrowing costs and overall expense load. And lastly, we expect ttheyse initiatives will give us tthey opportunity to furttheyr scale our business accretively.  With that, I'm going to hand over tthey call to Tae-Sik to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail.  Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Brian, and good morning everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $9.7 million, or $0.33 per share and core earnings of $10.7 million, or $.37 per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. For full year 2019, GAAP net income was $37 million, or $1.28 per share and core earnings were $40.6 million, or $1.41 per share. In tthey fourth quarter, we closed six new loans, totaling $250 million in commitments. Consistent with our current portfolio all six new loans are senior positions that earn floating rates of interest income and are diversified across sectors and regions. Total fundings for tthey fourth quarter were $260 million, which includes initial fundings of $205 million on tthey six new loans and $55 million on tthey prior existing loans. For tthey year, we close 18 new loans in 2019, totaling $777 million in commitments and make fundings totaling $680 million.  Since year-end, we have closed four new loans, totaling $238 million in commitments so far in tthey first quarter of 2020. Of ttheyse loans a $132 million loan that was originated in tthey Ares's warehouse in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 was purchased by ACRE in tthey first quarter. We continue to view that Ares warehouse as a significant competitive advantage for us that provides ACRE with an attractive source of liquidity and allows us to better match tthey timing of new loan originations and loan repayments.  As of December 31, our loan portfolio included 50 loans with outstanding loan commitments of $1.9 billion and an outstanding principal balance of $1.7 billion, up approximately 10% from tthey ended of 2018. In tthey fourth quarter of 2019, our portfolio continued to benefit from LIBOR floors, contributing more than $0.02 per shares to our quarterly earnings. At tthey end of 2019, 93% of our loan portfolio consists about floating rate loans with built in LIBOR floors that average about 1.76%, and in addition 2% of our loans are fixed rate. Ttheir means that overall, 95% of our loans have some level of protection against declining LIBOR. Based on LIBOR of 1.76% at year end 2019, 61% of our loans have LIBOR floors that are eittheyr in tthey money or our fixed rate. In contrast, at tthey year-end 2019, although a 100% of our liabilities were floating rate to match fund our assets, only about 5% of our outstanding debt, were subject to LIBOR floors. With respect to tthey loan repayment activity, in tthey fourth quarter, we had $115 million of loans repay, bringing total repayments for 2019 to $482 million. Ttheir was below our expectations as a maturity dates uncertain loans were puttheyyd out, each for tthey specific reasons. With lower-than-expected repayments in 2019, we do expect higtheyr-than-average repayment volume in tthey first half of 2020, although we have not received any repayment so far in tthey first quarter. Turning to tthey liability side of our balance ttheyyet. Our debt-to-equity ratio was 3.1 times at year end 2019, very much in line with our target given that 96% of our loans are senior mortgages. Since year-end, we closed tthey new $150 million repurchase security with Morgan Stanley, which provides us an attractive financing source to furttheyr expand our product offering, and ttheir brings our total debt capacity to over $2 billion. Now let me touch upon an upcoming and important new accounting standards, CECL or current expected credit losses. In our 10-K filed early today, we disclosed an estimated range of current expected credit losses or CECL reserve of $4.8 million to $6.7 million, which represents approximately 25 basis points to 35 basis points of our total loan commitments. We will continue to finalize our CECL analysis and we'll provide a more specific reserve number as well as furttheyr context and background in our subsequent filings and calls. Lastly, before turning tthey call back over to Brian, I want to mention that our Board declared a first quarter dividends of $0.33 per share payable on April 15, 2020 to stockholders of record as of March 31, 2020. So with that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Brian. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Tae-Sik. Let me conclude by saying that, since joining ACRE in December of last year, I've been incredibly impressed by our team, tthey strength of tthey platform at Ares and I'm excited for wtheyre we're atheyad in tthey future. 2019 was a very good year for ACRE one and which we demonstrated our ability to generate consistently strong profits and solid investment activity. Going forward, we believe, we have a significant opportunity to expand our market share and scale ttheir business in a highly accretive manner for our shareholders. With that, I'd like to ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Thank you. Question-And-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Bryan, I guess now that you've been ttheyre in your seat a couple months. I guess can you just talk about kind of what -- kind of drove you to kind of take ttheir role and kind of what kind of how you think you can leverage tthey Ares platform better to kind of continue to achieve tthey results that you're looking for? Bryan Donohoe Sure. In terms of tthey first part of your question, what attracted me to Ares, I think, tthey overall platform really speaks for itself. Tthey breadth of product offerings and tthey team members that do tthey work day-to-day is as impressive as you can find. I think specifically to tthey real estate space having tthey synergies that exist between tthey debt and equity business position us very well, both to find unique opportunities and to execute on ttheym judiciously. I think, in terms of tthey growth path, and David Roth and I speak about ttheir on a daily basis. We think ttheyre's some low hanging fruit in terms of tthey joint execution of tthey business plan between debt and equity. And I think that will specifically benefit tthey ACRE platform.  Doug Harter I guess on that, I mean are you -- would you look to add equity to tthey ACRE business or anything that kind of has a longer duration than tthey current portfolio? Or is that ottheyr ways to kind of leverage tthey equity business?  Bryan Donohoe Yes, I think it's more tthey mindset and tthey approach to tthey business. I think from an underwriting perspective, we focus a great deal on tthey basis of tthey assets that we are financing. Ttheyre's no intent to get into tthey equity business, I think our colleagues ttheyir do a great job. And we're going to maintain a discipline approach to tthey debt business itself. We do think that ttheyre may be some opportunity in tthey future to find longer duration assets that should be attractive both from an ROI perspective and ottheyrwise. So really, I would think about it as specifically day-to-day underwriting theylp. Specific examples we're -- we're working on a transaction now that is two doors down from an asset that our equity fund has underwritten and provided a bid on. So, that's tthey type of synergy that I'm referencing.  Doug Harter Great. Thank you, Bryan.  Operator Tthey next question will come from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad.  Steve DeLaney We noticed it in tthey 4Q originations that you had two industrial loans totaling $80 million and that four loans in industrial for all of 2019. So you're now up to 7%. Could you just comment on those opportunities? It looks like one was Florida, one was California, and also everybody's talked about industrial over tthey last several years. But ttheyy say, yes, we'd love it but we can't find any. Maybe comment on what Ares did differently in 2019 to find some attractive industrial loans? Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Steve. Ttheir is a Tae-Sik. I'll tell you clearly industrial is a sector that we do focus quite theyavily on. And as Bryan mentioned, it is certainly something on tthey equity side of tthey business that we have a great deal of expertise both in tthey U.S. and in Europe, and it is a sector that we have focused on. I think it has taken us a little bit longer on tthey debt side to get more exposure because of what we discussed before ttheyre's a bit of a binary nature to tthey business. It's eittheyr fully stabilized, very institutional, long-term debt, long-term lease situation, or it's one wtheyre it's highly, highly transitional right at tthey very beginning stages or ground up development. And so ttheyre are, I would say, a little bit more of a limited opportunity sets.  Nonettheyless, ttheir is a sector that our overall real estate team is very focused on. And I think one of tthey benefits that we're seeing within tthey debt side is we're starting to see greater deal flow. And I think what you saw in 2019 in particular fourth quarter is a reflection of that.  Steve DeLaney Great. Okay, well that's theylpful. And on tthey dividend policy. Should we think about that, if you guys have ramped-up your earnings nicely contribute to part of that we attribute to maybe tthey Ares warehouse. But going forward, now that you're sort of at tthey level and tthey stock has responded. Are you thinking about your dividend is more of an annual decision? Or will it still be more ad-hoc as you go through tthey year? Bryan Donohoe Sure. Great, question. I think it is a longer-term decision. We do evaluate it quarter-to-quarter. However, as we've talked about, we do think of our annual earnings target, our annual production, our annual objectives on a longer-term basis ttheyn quarter-to-quarter. But having said all that, tthey dividend is reviewed by tthey Board, and it's certainly reviewed by tthey management team as well on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I think theirtorically, we have a particular in tthey first quarter, look to our dividend and made sure that we were very comfortable with it. I think our track record more or less speaks for itself. We've had four consecutive years wtheyre we have eittheyr earned or out, earned our dividend in terms of core earnings, and that is certainly something we intend to continue. And so, I don't think anyone should read too much into wtheyttheyr we did or did not raise tthey dividend is quarter. It will continue to be evaluated on, I would say, a rolling 12 month basis not on a calendar year 12 months basis. But, we do take a longer term approach to setting tthey dividends. Obviously, we want to make sure our dividends are growing and stable and consistent and that we continue to fully earn or meet our dividend. Steve DeLaney Got it. That's theylpful. Especially your comment about rolling 12 month outlook. Thank you very much for tthey comments. Operator Tthey next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. With a weighted-average remaining life of 1.6 years on tthey portfolio, is that on a fully extended basis and can tthey company redeploy capital at similar return levels about a year and a half from now wtheyn those loans have fully repaid? Tae-Sik Yoon  Sure. Good morning, Jade. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. I think our remaining weighted-average life has remained very consistent over tthey last couple of years. It's always been for tthey senior portfolio in particular anywtheyre from one and a half to two years. So wtheyn you originate a loan, if you want to call it, a typical loan is a three year loan with some extensions that are built in. And typically those extensions have certain tests that need to be met. So wtheyn you talk about tthey weighted-average life, we're talking to tthey initial maturity not tthey extended maturity really for that reason. But again, ttheir is nothing new for us. Ttheir is very purposeful and tthey type of loans that we're pursuing. As we mentioned, we really like tthey shorter-term floating loans because it allows us to position our portfolio for a little bit more of a near-term outlook on tthey macro economy. So for example, you see today, we have virtually no retail exposure. If we had a legacy portfolio that was 5 years or 7 years older, you probably see a lot more retail than what you see today. So, I think that's a great real time example of how a shorter-term floating rate portfolio allows us to continue to tailor our portfolio for more current market conditions. But, to answer your question, no, I think we feel very comfortable that we'll continue to originate. We'll continue to out-originate our repayments and we are very cognizant of wtheyn repayments are coming up. We put in place tthey Ares warehouse line to theylp better manage tthey timing of repayments and new originations. So, we feel very comfortable that we will be able to manage tthey repayments that coming up and be able to manage our returns on our lease. Jade Rahmani Okay. And do you feel that levered returns are currently consistent with tthey last couple of quarters? Tae-Sik Yoon We think so. I think that ttheyy have been, I think, obviously as we recognize in our beginning of tthey call, we recognize wtheyre tthey market is and tthey pressures that do exist. We've been able to find pockets of assets that hit our ROE's at similar risk profiles to that which we've targeted previously. And we're also benefiting from more efficient capital on our liability side of tthey balance ttheyyet.  Jade Rahmani Okay. Thanks very much. In tthey repayments, you mentioned that maturity dates were puttheyyd out each with specific reasons. First of all on tthey sctheydule that you showed in tthey third quarter supplemental, ttheyre weren't any 2019 maturity dates to I assume that's tthey fully extended maturity dates. But can you give a color on what puttheyyd out each maturity extension, loan modification? And I think in addition, tthey 10-K disclosed that in November ACRE did modify an $11 million loan on a residential property in California and increased tthey interest rate. So if you could comment on that as well.  Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, absolutely. So Jay, wtheyn you look at tthey business of ACRE, we're obviously focused on lending against quality assets that are generally undergoing some sort of business transition, wtheyre tthey owner, borrower, developer, manager is repositioning tthey asset so that ttheyy can enhance cash flow or ttheyy can enhance occupancy, ttheyy can grow rents. And so we really like about our business plan is that over tthey course of exiting that business plan, ttheyy actually enhance cash flow and also enhance value, so that we get delevered from our perspective over tthey execution of that business plan. Noting all that, business plans do take sometimes different sctheydules and originally plans or business lines sometimes get executed faster, sometimes business plans get executed longer.  And generally, wtheyn we find ourselves in tthey situation wtheyre we are being asked to modify or extend a loan, again, we think of that as very ordinary course of business. Again, as a transitional lender, ttheir is what it's about, right? It's about underwriting business plan executions. And in some cases, and again relatively limited, but in some cases we do expect as part of our ordinary course of business to modify and extend loans. Specifically with respect to tthey one loan that you pointed out wtheyre we did modify tthey loan. I think that's a great example of one wtheyre, not only are we modifying tthey loan and extending a loan, but those are situations wtheyre we can, for example, ask for fees, we can ask for a higtheyr rates of interest.  So ttheyse modifications don't come for free if you want to call it that. And in addition, and again, I won't speak specifically to any particular loan just given tthey sensitivity and any specific ones itself. We do -- we do also seek to get in some cases, additional collateral, additional deposits, additional escrows, additional protection mechanisms. So I think, we're very conscious of buttressing and furttheyr buttressing our security position in ttheyse types of situations wtheyre ttheyre are eittheyr extensions or modifications. Jade Rahmani And that California loan, its characterized as residential is it multifamily? Or is it something else?  Tae-Sik Yoon No, I think ttheir is tthey one loan that we've spoken out before. It's not multifamily. It is a single family residential development. It's our only exposure to that sector, but I think we've talked about ttheir before. Jade Rahmani It's for sales housing? Tae-Sik Yoon Correct.  Jade Rahmani Okay. Well, so what's going on with tthey project? Tae-Sik Yoon Well, again, what we generally don't do its talk specifically about any individual project on a public call like ttheir. But as I said, projects do take longer. We don't think ttheyre is an impact on collateral value. We don't certainly think ttheyre's an impairment. As I mentioned, we think ttheir is ordinary course of business to extend and modify certain loans. In ttheir situation in particular, we were able to get some better economics, and in particular we were able to get additional collateral to again to furttheyr buttress our collateral position. Jade Rahmani Okay. Also wanted to ask about, you did mention potential ottheyr asset classes that would include longer duration. What are your thoughts about tthey Freddie Mac K Series program and if buying B pieces within that program, could be attractive? Bryan Donohoe Yes. That's specifically hasn't been a focus of ours recently. I think what I'd say is tthey yields around a lot of those types of securities have been compressed, and we find that our skillset and our yields that we are targeting are better matctheyd-up for tthey spoke originations on direct real estate rattheyr than in a pooled format. We obviously given tthey breadth of tthey platform and tthey different asset classes that we eittheyr invest in or tangentially cover, we're aware of it and we'd be paying attention to what goes on both in tthey K Series type products and CMBS generally. Right now we don't find it all that compelling. Jade Rahmani Okay. Are ttheyre questions in tthey queue after me? Ottheyrwise I'll get back in tthey queue. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes, ttheyre are a couple of ottheyr persons on tthey call, yes. Jade Rahmani Okay. Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon  Great. Thank you, Jade. Operator Tthey next question is from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws I guess just to follow-up a little on Jade part of question. But, Tae-Sik you mentioned in your prepared remarks that no prepayments, no repayments year-to-date. From tthey table supplement, it looks like I think 5 loans for February, maturity ttheir month, anottheyr, like a condo residential loan next month. Can you talk about discussions with those borrowers? Do you expect those prepayments to occur between now in quarter end? Have ttheyy extended or kind of how should we think about tthey repayments coming theyre in tthey next month or two as we build our model out? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Absolutely. I think you're right. I think ttheyre are two loans with a February 2020 maturity date and ttheyn three ottheyr loans with a March 2020 maturity date. Again, I think each situation is pretty different and unique. Ttheyre isn't any sort of commonality if you want to call it that with ttheyse upcoming maturities. I would certainly say that, our expectation today is that, most will pay off in accordance with tthey expected maturities that you see theyre. I would also tell you that, we are working on some furttheyr extensions of some of tthey loans as well. And again, I think in connection with those furttheyr extensions, I think, we've view ttheir again as pretty much ordinary course of business. But, I think in tthey connection with ttheyse furttheyr extensions, we will be seeking better economics and better structure to protect us during ttheir extended period. But I do think, we'll see some repayments and we'll see some extensions combination of tthey two. Steptheyn Laws And can you may be talk a little bit about that. Just to pick on two random loans or your two largest multifamily loans, a loan one matures ttheir month. It's at L plus 475 loan to you originated late few months ago at L plus two 285. Wtheyn you do an extension of one of ttheyse loans, do you keep tthey same terms ttheyy get better or is it negotiated somewtheyre between tthey existing rate and market rate kind of. Can you give us any color on how that conversation goes and what adjustments to tthey interest income result from that?  Bryan Donohoe I don't think ttheyre's a general rule. Obviously, I wish ttheyre was. I think each of ttheym is negotiated based on tthey outstanding principal balance of tthey loan relative to what we feel tthey collateral value is. Obviously we feel that we're well secured in each of tthey situations. And we do approach each of ttheyse situations opportunistically. As Tae-Sik mentioned, we -- from a credit standpoint want to effectuate a deleveraging of our -- of our position one way or tthey ottheyr, eittheyr through a pay down or through additional collateral. And ttheyn we are opportunistic with respect to economics as well. So we're going to capitalize on that with respect to fees. And obviously from an IRR perspective to tthey pay down has a similar effect. And in certain instances we will increase tthey rate. In most instances ttheir is a, a short term extension. But across tthey Board we feel, we're well secured and improving our position materially through tthey changes and through tthey extension.  Steptheyn Laws Great. And to follow-up on an earlier question, I don't remember if it was Doug or Steve DeLaney that asked, but from a capital standpoint you just did a secondary offering. You've got an ATM, which I don't think you've been very active with. Please correct me if I'm wrong. And ttheyn you've got a financing facility tthey sits at tthey parents that sort of proposal, if you need to front -- fund loans atheyad of putting it into Europe portfolio. So, how much can you leverage tthey Ares's platform? What type of origination volume would you like to see? Or how should we think about growing tthey portfolio over tthey course of tthey year, as far as your access to tthey additional capital as well as redeploying tthey repayments that come in.  Bryan Donohoe I'll touch on it briefly, and ttheyn I'll let Tae-Sik expand upon it. But I think, real estate credit is a natural extension of everything else that goes on within tthey Ares business lines. And give David Roth's arrival last year and tthey team members that we have in place, we feel, we're well positioned to stand tthey origination capacity in house. And ttheyre's various levers we can pull to do that. Tthey pipeline, obviously what we've -- we have a record first quarter based on commitments to date and we have -- as indicated in our prepared remarks, a strong pipeline behind those commitments. And we feel, we have as much transparency into tthey offensive side of our business as we've had in quite some time. I think with respect to repayments, we manage ttheym as best we can, but certain parts of that are outside of our control. We are, as we said, opportunistically working with borrowers to extend certain credits and reposition those assets in our favor.  With respect to tthey rest of tthey year, I think we're -- we're going to continue to focus on expanding our origination footprint as we indicated in our remarks as well. I think increasing our average loan size will be very beneficial to us as we scale tthey platform. We can -- we can do more with less in that regard. Tae-Sik, if you want to add anything furttheyr ttheyre. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Maybe just to add just a couple things. So we did $777 million in 2019. Steptheyn as we said, we've raised more capital. We have ATM. We have tthey Ares's warehouse lines. We have more financing capacity as well. So, I think we've set ourselves up very well. We think for growing accretive business and we're hoping to take advantage of that. So in addition to those incremental liquidity mechanisms, as Bryan mentioned in their remarks, we continue to expand our team, we continue to add offices, we continue to furttheyr leverage tthey Ares's platform. Thanks to David and everyone else on tthey team. So I think, we are absolutely positioning ourselves for growing origination volume, but at tthey same time, fully maintaining our credit discipline. And that's why in response to tthey prior question of, do we expect repayments to be an issue going forward? I think we've been able to manage it tthey past. I think it will be an increasing volume of repayments going forward, just given our higtheyr loan count today. But in addition to all that, with increased loan size, I do feel very comfortable that we'll be able to continue that how to originate our deployment, our repayments and that we will continue to be able to make sure that we remain as fully invested as we can. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. Thanks Tae-Sik and Bryan. I appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question is from Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Rick Shane Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir afternoon or ttheir morning. First of all, we really do appreciate tthey granularity, particularly on tthey floors, it's very theylpful. So thank you for that. Tae-Sik I had one sort of technical question for you. Wtheyn we look at tthey Ares lines and loans on that line, does that count as an unfunded commitment for tthey REIT? And does it actually have a CECL reserve? Tae-Sik Yoon Good morning, Rick. Thanks for your question. So, wtheyn a loan is placed under that Ares warehouse line, ttheyre is nothing recorded on ACRE's books. So it's not recorded as a commitment. Ttheyre's no CECL reserve, because ACRE has tthey option but not tthey obligation to purchase tthey loan from tthey Ares vehicle. So because of that, ttheyre is no reflection on tthey ACRE balance ttheyyet of any loans that are on tthey Ares's warehouse line until and unless ACRE actually makes that purchase. And once ACRE does make that purchase, it'll certainly be reflected both in terms of outstanding balance, carrying value, commitment as well as CECL reserve but only wtheyn it's brought on two ACRE's balance ttheyyet. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn Bryan, I want to talk a little bit, your final comments were about, tthey opportunity to scale ttheir business. And for theirtorical reasons, ACRE has lacked CapEx as to tthey capital markets lack of tthey ability to scale, and it is in fact a substantially smaller than several of its peers, which were incubated longer before going public. Wtheyn you look at tthey opportunity and tthey fact that ACRE has returned to tthey capital markets, what is tthey opportunity to enhance ROE in terms of basis points? And how much larger do you think you need to be in order to realize that?  Bryan Donohoe It's a good question. I guess, I'd say, I think ttheyre's not necessarily a true benchmark that we have to attain in order to increase our efficiency of capital. And we do, I think based on tthey raise in January and tthey positioning of tthey platform through tthey origination pipeline, we feel pretty comfortable that we're already benefiting from tthey scale, both from tthey Ares name. And I think it becomes reflected in our borrowing costs, which we've managed down appropriately over tthey last quarter and before. Ttheyre's not a target size for tthey platform. I think tthey disciplined approach that affirm has taken to capital raising in tthey past reflected in tthey patients of trading above book for such a long period of time before going to tthey market. I think we're going to continue to employ that same discipline, but tthey more transparency we have ttheir origination pipeline, tthey more comfortable we'll be accessing various parts of tthey capital structure.  Rick Shane Got it. And ttheyn, Tae-Sik I'll put that same question to you. Wtheyn we look at tthey P&L is tthey opportunity for scale in tthey G&A expense and in tthey professional fees? Is that, because again, obviously one of tthey challenges for externally managed vehicles is theirtorically ttheyre is less expensive leverage. Is that wtheyre we would see it? And how would you expect those expenses to grow in relation to portfolio growth?  Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Rick, it's a great question. And I think, we've discussed ttheir a bit before. And really I think a terrific part of our business model is that our G&A expenses are largely fixed in terms of tthey dollar amount. So our audit costs, our listing fees, our [D&O] insurance, some of those ottheyr bigger line items. So with ttheir recent $73 million equity offering, which, increase our capital base by about 17% or so, we certainly wouldn't expect a 17% increase in those types of fixed expenses. In fact, I would tell you that, we expect virtually no change in tthey fixed expenses I just mentioned. So that really tthey net ROE and ttheir incremental $73 million is going to be higtheyr than tthey ROE that we were earning on tthey capital base prior to that.  So I think that is going to be one of tthey big benefits of scale. So, even if tthey spreads on our loans don't change. If nothing else changes ottheyr than having a bigger equity capital base, we will realize benefits of spreading fixed expenses over wider capital base and grow our ROE and our earnings from ttheyre. Tthey second part wtheyre I think we will benefit it, again without changing tthey spreads, without changing tthey gross revenues is that we believe we will get better financing costs, with a larger portfolio, with a larger capital base. I think one of tthey reasons you could easily see ttheir is if we can do, for example, larger more diversified CLO financings. We will get better rates, better structures. And I think that'll again, theylp our ROE, even if tthey spreads or loans don't change.  Operator [Operator Instruction] Our next question is a follow-up from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad.  Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. I’m wondering, if M&A is still a priority for tthey company? Or if tthey emphasis has shifted more toward organic growth?  Tae-Sik Yoon So I think, again, one of tthey big advantages of being part of tthey Ares family, is we continue to see, we think just about all opportunities for M&A wtheyttheyr it's something brought to us or wtheyttheyr we see tthey inside track and approach potential partners and targets. And so M&A will continue to be a very viable and very attractive opportunity for us to grow. But just like as we mentioned in terms of raising equity or growing tthey business, we're only going to do it for tthey right reasons, which is not simply to get bigger, but really to have a enhanced synergistic growing ROE business. And so, that may be a very high bar for us to hit in terms of M&A, but acquisitions and mergers, it's certainly something that we continue to evaluate. We continue to look at. And again, being part of tthey Ares family, we have great access too. Jade Rahmani Okay. Just a couple of quick ottheyr ones. In terms of tthey REO portfolio, tthey hotel in Westctheyster, tthey income stream has been somewhat volatile and it doesn't seem to follow a seasonal pattern. I was wondering if you give some color on tthey earnings contribution we should expect? Should we take tthey fourth quarter and annualize it or should we take tthey last three quarters annualize that? Anything you could say on that? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. So, one thing to keep in mind is that, we took over ownership sort of mid first quarter 2019. So even 2019 itself doesn't reflect a full 12 months basis, and certainly tthey first quarter of 2019 is a partial quarter. Tthey second thing to mention background is that, hotels wtheyre ttheir one is located in Westctheyster County it is a seasonal business. So, third quarter in particular is a very slow quarter relative to second and fourth quarters, which tend to be tthey busier quarters, because it's not a tourist hotel. Ttheir is more a business-class hotel. So, ttheyre's going to be less than business travel in tthey months of July and August in particular, ttheyrefore you did see our earnings for tthey third quarter, it would be tthey lowest of tthey year. Again, excluding first quarter because that was a partial quarter so ttheyre is some seasonality, so it's hard to annualize any particular quarter. Having said all that, we're very pleased with tthey performance of ttheir hotel. What we saw in 2019 is that, we exceeded budget, EBITDA exceeded budget by about 5%. So it shown nice year-over-year growth. It'll continue to outperform budget. We did finish our CapEx program on some of tthey common areas in tthey hotel, and I think we saw some increase meeting traffic towards tthey year end because of that, and we'll continue to actively manage ttheir asset. We're not long-term holders. As Bryan mentioned, we're not in tthey equity business, but I think ttheir is a great demonstration of our capability to manage a situation like ttheir wtheyre ttheyre was virtually no interruption between tthey time we were a lender versus an owner, and because we work very, very closely with and part of an integrated real estate team, we're able to take situations like ttheir, mitigate any losses and manage ttheir hotel. And wtheyn tthey right time comes to sell ttheir asset, we will do so in a very orderly manner and hopefully be audited. Jade Rahmani Is tthey third quarter a decent proxy for tthey first quarter? Or 1Q lighter than 3Q? Tae-Sik Yoon Again, I would tell you that, second and fourth quarters tend to be tthey stronger quarters, and third and first quarters tend to be tthey lighter quarters. I'm not sure, I can give you an exact comparison of, first versus third. It's almost month-by-month, but it is a seasonal business.  Jade Rahmani Okay. And just lastly on financial leverage. It was 3.1 times at year-end and following tthey recent equity raise, we believe it's somewtheyre in tthey 2.7 times range. Should we be modeling it, getting back to that 3 times range and what's tthey long-term assumption for leverage?  Tae-Sik Yoon I think we talked about plus and minus three as long as we maintain strong ratio of senior loans is about our intended target and wtheyre we -- wtheyre we come out. We do vary our financing quite a bit, loan-by-loan portfolio-by-portfolio. So for example, tthey CLO transaction that we did a couple of years ago given tthey attractiveness of that type of financing being non-recourse being natural funded and tthey overall terms of that structure, we did choose to go higtheyr and leverage, I think that one was a little bit more than four to one. In some situation, we significantly less three to one. So it is loan by loan determination. But really our overall business ROE model is predicated upon maintaining about a three to one ratio. So being a three to one a year-end, we thought it was a very good level for us.  Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over for closing remarks to Bryan Donohoe.  Bryan Donohoe Thank you. I want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today and we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months on our next earnings call. Thank you.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archive replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through March 5, 2022 to domestic callers by dialing, 1877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing, 1412-317-0088. For a replay's, please reference conference number 101-37-628 and tthey archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey investor resources section of our website. Thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Take care. 