Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Carl Drake - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - KBW Richard Shane - JPMorgan Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Tim Hayes - BTIG Operator Good afternoon and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation’s Conference Call to discuss tthey company’s Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded on November 3, 2021. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Veronica Mayer Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today’s conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company, Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations of market conditions and management’s judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company’s actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks and good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir morning, we reported anottheyr quarter of strong and stable results with distributable earnings of $0.37 per share continuing to fully cover our regular and supplemental dividends. We originated $485 million in new commitments during tthey quarter, bringing our total year-to-date originations to $1 billion. In tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we have already surpassed our previous yearly record of $955 million. At quarter end, tthey portfolio was $2.4 billion, up 33% year-over-year, with portfolio growth in all four quarters. While we are seeing a surge in commercial real estate activity and improving fundamentals, our originations momentum also reflects tthey growing presence of tthey broader Ares Real Estate platform. Tthey Ares Real Estate Group now stands at $36.5 billion in global assets under management, with approximately 200 investment professionals in 17 offices, including Ares acquisition of tthey Black Creek Group. We are a constant presence in tthey market, continuously buying, selling, borrowing, and lending against high-quality real estate throughout tthey top MSAs in tthey U.S. and Europe. Ttheyre are numerous benefits to ttheir. First and foremost is tthey depth of tthey relationships that we maintain in our target markets, which theylp us drive value in our investment universe. Wtheyn you combine our relationships and tthey opportunities generated with tthey data, information and experience within tthey Ares platform, tthey result is a broad funnel and a very selective investment process. For example, we are pursuing more investments in tthey industrial and industrial logistics sectors, which align with tthey activity and conviction of tthey broader Ares platform. As of quarter end, tthey Ares Real Estate platform owns over 200 industrial investments and approximately 145 million square feet of industrial space. ACRE has tthey opportunity to benefit from ttheir in-house product expertise, which allows us to lend earlier in tthey lifecycle of an industrial asset. As our debt platform also continues to scale, currently standing at $9 billion of AUM across all our vehicles, we have become an even more attractive partner to tthey higtheyst quality institutional sponsors. Ttheir quarter, we had an almost even split between repeat sponsor business and new sponsors. Our incumbent borrowers appreciate tthey reliability and efficiency of our execution and ttheyse relationships enable us to make new commitments with attractive risk return profiles. We are also pleased to have provided financing to new relationships ttheir quarter. Our new relationships are with well-establittheyyd sponsors like Shorenstein and Northwood that have come to appreciate that we can provide a broad array of capital solutions. We continue to efficiently deploy tthey capital that is available to us, including fully deploying tthey capital from our June equity offering at a consistent weighted average ROE in tthey low double-digits. In tthey third quarter, we originated three loans for $282 million, secured by Class A lead Gold certified office properties with desirable amenities, reflecting tthey relative value that we are currently seeing in certain assets. Ttheyse loans were in our target markets, which include regions with strong demographic growth engines, like e-commerce and technology or are linked to national universities. All of ttheyse loans were for new acquisitions at post-COVID valuations to well-establittheyyd institutional sponsors with strong track records. Our robust activity is continuing into tthey fourth quarter with a deep pipeline of diversified loans. As a result, we expect to remain fully deployed through year end, which should support our earnings. Our originations pipeline reflects tthey relative value that we are finding across tthey spectrum from larger loans with top sponsors to efficiently partnering with nimble sponsors on portfolios of loans in ttheymatic investments, wtheyre tthey macro tailwinds are significant. Good examples of ttheyse loans would be self-storage and industrial-related assets. While continuing to target opportunities in tthey Sunbelt and states benefiting from tax migration, we are seeing opportunities in gateway cities wtheyre values in certain sectors have reset lower. Ttheyse cities are now attracting strong capital positions out of tthey equity side and given our limited exposure to ttheyse areas pre-COVID, we can provide moderate leverage at ttheyse reset values at attractive targeted returns. Our loan book continues to be well positioned with approximately 98% invested in senior floating rate loans and approximately two-thirds of our loans collateralized by multifamily, office, industrial and self-storage properties. We continue to be underweight hotels and retail exposures and tthey credit quality of our portfolio remains stable. Before I turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to discuss our financials in furttheyr detail, I want to note that we declared our regular $0.33 per share quarterly dividend and our $0.02 per share supplemental dividend in tthey fourth quarter. We expect to more than fully cover both our regular and supplemental dividends from our distributable earnings for tthey full year 2021. With that, I will now turn it over to Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan and good afternoon everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $10 million or $0.21 per common share and distributable earnings of $17.5 million or $0.37 per common share. Ttheir brings our total distributable earnings for tthey first 9 months of tthey year to $1.14 per common share, well in excess of $1.05 per common share that we have paid in dividends for tthey comparable period, including $0.06 per common share in supplemental dividends. Our earnings ttheir quarter benefited from strong momentum in originations, accompanied by subdued repayment activity, which resulted in a record portfolio of $2.4 billion in loans theyld for investments at quarter end. In addition, we continue to benefit from LIBOR floors, which had a weighted average rate of 1.17% at quarter end. Our leverage remains modest with a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.5 as of tthey end of tthey third quarter, excluding CECL reserve. Our CECL reserve was at $24.5 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter, a net increase of $6.4 million from tthey previous quarter. Ttheir $6.4 million net increase in CECL was primarily due to recognizing initial reserves against tthey $485 million in new loan commitments for tthey quarter as well as extending tthey expected maturities of a few loans. As a reminder, changes in CECL reserve does impact our GAAP net income with tthey net $6.4 million change ttheir quarter, representing approximately $0.13 per diluted common share. Changes in CECL reserve, however, are added back from GAAP net income as part of calculating our distributable earnings. We had no material changes to our overall portfolio-wide risk ratings with our weighted average portfolio risk rating remaining at 2.8, with 92% of tthey loan portfolio rated at 3 or better, all on a five-point scale. And similar to past quarters, approximately 97% of our loans made ttheyir contractual debt service payments for tthey third quarter. We did, however, add a second loan ttheir quarter to non-accrual status. It is a small $14 million senior loan backed by our residential property located in Los Angeles. Despite its non-accrual status, however, we believe that tthey loan is protected through sufficient collateral values and have not taken an impairment on ttheir loan. Togettheyr with tthey one ottheyr senior loan backed by hotel property outside Chicago, tthey total balance of tthey two non-accrual loans represent less than 2% of our overall total portfolio. Finally, before I turn tthey call back over to Bryan let me touch upon a question that we have been recently asked from several shareholders about tthey impact of potential higtheyr interest rates on our earnings. As we have discussed previously, we believe materially higtheyr short-term rates will positively impact our distributable earnings as tthey vast majority of our loans pay us interest based on LIBOR. While tthey majority of our loans have LIBOR floors that are currently in tthey money, our most recently originated loans, particularly those in 2021, do not have significant LIBOR floors and will benefit from material increases in short-term rates. At tthey same time, early ttheir year, we theydged a significant portion of our floating rate liabilities so that increases in LIBOR won’t have a basis point by basis point increase in our funding costs. So, with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Great. Thanks so much, Tae-Sik. In summary, ACRE delivered anottheyr strong quarter of stable distributable earnings. Tthey portfolio is at a record $2.4 billion. Our origination activity is at record levels. And we continue to find opportunities to achieve consistent all-in yields with what we believe are higtheyr quality assets than available to us pre-COVID. We have tthey opportunity to continue to optimize our balance ttheyyet efficiency and we are well positioned to benefit from a rising interest rate environment. With that, I will ask tthey operator to please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question will be from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. I just want to get your thoughts around leverage going forward, 2.5x seems relatively conservative versus some of your peers, but you kind of commented that you were kind of relatively fully deployed in terms of capital, so just kind of want to get your thoughts on leverage? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Doug. Ttheir is Tae-Sik Yoon. Thank you very much for your question. No, you are absolutely right, our long-term target leverage rate for our company is 3.0x. And obviously, prior to tthey pandemic, those were tthey type of levels that we were able to maintain. During tthey pandemic, we obviously emphasized liquidity and so took our leverage down as low as tthey low 2s and we have been building up from ttheyre. Fortunately, we have been able to more than maintain our earnings more than able to cover our dividend with lower levels of leverage, but it is our intent, it is our goal to take it up to approximately 3.0x on a long-term basis. Some periods, it will be lower than that. Some periods, it will be slightly higtheyr than that, but we do think it will be hovering right around 3.0x, which really means versus September 30, 2021 that we have about half a turn of leverage, which is around $350 million of additional capacity that we want to put on to tthey balance ttheyyet largely in tthey form of debt capital to get us to that 3.0x leverage ratio. Doug Harter Yes. Just – I guess just to be clear on that, Tae-Sik, I mean, I guess, are you comfortable in today’s environment kind of getting up to tthey 3.0x level versus kind of tthey conservatism you have shown in tthey post-COVID world? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. I will let Bryan speak on ttheir as well in terms of tthey credit quality, but certainly, one of tthey things that we always have emphasized is that not all debt is treated equal. So, for example, wtheyn we lever our loans using CLO debt, collateralized loan obligation debt, we feel very comfortable actually taking it above 3.0. In fact, tthey two CLOs that we have today have closer to 4:1 debt-to-equity leverage ratios. And that is because of tthey type of assets that are included in those CLOs as well as tthey type of debt being non-mark-to-market, being match funded really gives us more comfort to take on more leverage than tthey average 3.0. On tthey ottheyr hand, wtheyn we are leveraging loan by loan, using some of our warehouse lines, ottheyr forms of financing, oftentimes, we will be below 3.0. So, I think really to answer your question, it is more of a loan by loan, financing by financing decision in terms of risk and reward, but yes, I would say, Bryan will comment furttheyr, but I would say we are comfortable given tthey type of quality assets that we have today and tthey overall balance ttheyyet today, tthey fact that we have almost 60% of our liabilities in tthey form of non-recourse match-funded debt that we are comfortable at that 3.0 level. Bryan Donohoe And I would just add, Doug, I think ttheir is more of a timing issue more wtheyn than an if. I think ttheyre is ample liquidity in tthey space today and being a part of tthey Ares platform and reduced borrowing costs that come alongside that, we think ttheir will be something that will have furttheyr results over tthey next couple of weeks and months. Doug Harter Great. Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Doug. Operator Tthey next question is from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi. Thanks. I guess, first, if you comment on tthey REO asset, revenue was up, it looks like margins are profitable and have increased over tthey last few quarters. Can you talk about tthey outlook ttheyre as well as tthey seasonality we should think about in that asset? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, no absolutely, Steven. Thank you very much for your question. I think, our hotel, we are very pleased with its performance. Clearly, it was impacted, just so I think almost every ottheyr hotel during COVID, but I do think couple of things that have benefited us. One is some of tthey competition in tthey immediate area have eittheyr shutdown permanently or on a temporary basis and have left fewer competitors, fewer choices and we have also been very much benefiting from a focus that we have had to put in some necessity workers and ttheyy have been a very strong user and we are very grateful for that, but we have very much focused on group business and that has created a lot of tailwind for us. Tthey third, I think, is that we have always mentioned that we have very strong asset management capabilities. Ttheir is not something we outsource to a third-party servicing company. Ttheir is not something that we defer to someone else. Ttheir is something that we have in-house as part of our asset management business – real estate asset management business theyre at Ares. And so we actively managed ttheir hotel throughout COVID to make sure we are optimizing both revenues and expenses. And so, on tthey expense side in particular, we have really been running ttheir hotel quite efficiently. In terms of tthey type of amenities, tthey types of services, we absolutely want to provide our guests as many amenities and services as possible, but at tthey same time, being very judicious about cost and expenses. So, you can see that operating costs are variable with revenues, but that we are able to maintain a positive operating margin. And what we are seeing is that as travel comes back and especially as business travel comes back, we are starting to see more and more pickup in activity. And seasonally, as you mentioned, fourth quarter is a pretty good quarter generally. We always find that first quarter is generally tthey hardest coming out of winter for ttheir Norttheyast corridor, but fourth quarter tends to be a pretty positive quarter and we expect tthey hotel to continue to show improvement in performance. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate tthey color, Tae-Sik. Second question, Bryan, can you talk a little more about office, majority of your 3Q originations were collateralized by office assets. Can you talk about what you are seeing ttheyre? Why you guys believe that’s tthey most attractive risk reward to deploy capital today and kind of your outlook for that asset class in tthey coming quarters? Bryan Donohoe Yes, absolutely. I think we found some unique opportunities, again, given our clean allocation to some of tthey gateway markets going into COVID. And ttheyn we remain extremely particular about tthey type of office that we will seek to finance and even take it anottheyr step, specifically what sponsors we want to partner with on those capitalizations. So what attracted us to tthey deals that we invested in during tthey quarter was really a reset basis. So, New York office, for instance, down somewtheyre between 15% to 30%. We did not have an allocation ttheyre. So, wtheyn we think about that from an theirtoric basis, ttheyre are certainly some attractive macro parts to tthey story. Tthey types of investors we partnered with, we mentioned earlier on tthey call, I think that type of intellectual capital was something that was really important to our underwriting. And ttheyn tthey types of buildings, we mentioned tthey lead certification, I think that will provide some defensive nature to our investments from just any things that might come up over tthey future, such as carbon taxes and tthey like and that was certainly a big part of our analysis. But ttheyse buildings, we were fairly provincial about what we like in tthey office sector, but we think ttheyse buildings, in particular, will be actually a recruiting tool and be outsized beneficiaries of a return to work environment that we are seeing really in New York on a weekly basis. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks for that color, Bryan. Appreciate you for taking my questions. Bryan Donohoe Absolutely. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. A big question investors are thinking about is tthey sustainability of stable EPS considering tthey runoff of loans that have high LIBOR floors. You mentioned that in terms of deploying tthey capital you raised, you were able to achieve consistent ROEs and your commentary has characterized tthey earnings as stable, is tthey $0.37 distributable EPS rate as a sustainable number to think about? Tae-Sik Yoon Jade, thank you again for your question. Yes, no, I think we feel very good about our earnings certainly ttheir quarter. We are very focused on, as you mentioned, tthey runoff – eventual runoff of our LIBOR floors. Frankly, it’s occurred a little slower than we had anticipated. We only had two loans, for example, runoff ttheir quarter. And ttheyrefore, we are pleased with wtheyre our portfolio sits today. I guess, in your question about sort of go-forward earnings, again, as you know, we don’t give specific guidance on our earnings. And right now, I guess, looking atheyad to 2022, what we are really planning on doing is recognizing that we will continue to have runoff of our LIBOR floors. I think what will be very important to do is to make sure that we can pull every lever possible so that we can continue to optimize earnings. So, one of tthey things that we have done is, obviously, first half of ttheir year, we raised about $200 million of new capital. That significantly increased our capital base, such that one of tthey benefits we have talked about is with furttheyr scaling of our business, we should be able to scale our expenses. And so, you saw that ttheir quarter, in particular, third quarter, which is tthey first full quarter of having ttheir additional capital, our expense load on capital was probably one of tthey lowest that we have ever had, was under 30 basis points for tthey quarter. So, even if you annualize that, you can see that tthey run-rate is much more efficient. Tthey ottheyr as we mentioned is that we do plan on using a bit more leverage. So, we have been able to generate tthey type of earnings that we have had more than fully covering our regular and supplemental dividends for tthey past three quarters, with significantly less leverage, low to mid-2s. And again, I think tthey optimized model really looks at something around tthey 3.0 range, as we mentioned. Third is, I think we continue to see pricing of our liabilities go down. We experienced certainly that with our latest CLO earlier ttheir year and we will continue to see that. As you know, we are coming upon tthey maturity of our term loan and suffice to say, we would feel very comfortable saying that as we look to refinance that term loan or put in a new type of financing that we do expect to achieve material savings on interest expense on tthey term loan. So longwinded way of saying, while we won’t have a permanent benefit of LIBOR floors, we do expect to offset so much of that runoff of LIBOR floors with ottheyr ways that we can optimize our business model. And ttheyn maybe importantly, as we mentioned in our opening remarks, should interest rates rise, again, no one knows, but should interest rate rise and if you look at today’s LIBOR curve, ttheyre is some built-in expectation of increasing LIBOR. Again, we think that is something that can theylp us as a furttheyr tailwind. Because we have theydged a substantial portion of our liability costs and certainly, tthey new loans that we booked in 2021 have LIBOR floors that are not significantly or materially in tthey money, increases – material increases in LIBOR will benefit us. And I would say, for example, if you look back at our earnings in 2018, 2019, you can see that full year earnings – distributable earnings were $1.40 or so, which would have covered our $0.35 dividend for tthey year and of course, that was done in a higtheyr interest rate environment wtheyre LIBOR was closer or right at that 2% average mark for those years. So, I think ttheyre are definitely ways to again, run our balance ttheyyet, run our company more efficiently to offset tthey LIBOR floors. And we will see about what happens with actual interest rates. But I think those are really tthey factors that will play into what our future earnings look like. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Are you expecting for tthey fourth quarter a pickup in repayments? And on tthey funding side, would you expect something similar to tthey third quarter? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. Maybe I can start with repayment, and ttheyn I’ll turn it over to Bryan on tthey funding side. So third quarter, we certainly experienced less runoff than we originally anticipated. So far, for tthey fourth quarter, we have not had any material repayments, but we do expect, I would say, more to a more normal level of repayments towards tthey end of tthey year. As you know, seasonally, ttheyre is a lot of transaction activities that happen in tthey fourth quarter, particularly right at year-end. And we are closely monitoring and working with a number of our borrowers, wtheyre we do expect some material repayments to happen towards tthey end of tthey quarter. Obviously, given that lead time, we are very busy building up our pipeline. And so I’ll turn it over to Brian to talk furttheyr about that. Bryan Donohoe Yes. I think, Tae-Sik, covered it pretty well. But I think one thing I’d add to tthey equation theyre, Jade, is that tthey active asset management and constant dialogue we have with our borrowers gives us as much insight as possible to tthey timing of repayments. So, we’d like to try to understand what that looks like 45 to 60 days in advance. And ttheyn we will certainly manage tthey pipeline as well as tthey warehouse facility to make sure that we can maintain as best we can efficient deployment of our capital base. So, as we sit theyre today, we feel pretty confident in tthey pipeline to effectively replace those assets that will run off during ttheir quarter and subsequently. Jade Rahmani And ttheyn lastly, could you just say if you expect net portfolio growth in tthey quarter, which some of your peers have commented as to? Tae-Sik Yoon I mean, it’s tough to predict it down to tthey quarter, right? Obviously, we’re running something that we think about as more of an annual business or even longer term. So tough to predict exactly wtheyn tthey repayments and ttheyn redeployment of that capital will occur, but if you look at tthey net portfolio growth over tthey past couple of years, certainly, tthey trend would support furttheyr growth, and I think probably been echoed throughout tthey earnings calls of some of our peers. I think tthey activity in our space is extremely robust, and ttheyre is no sign of abatement ttheyre. So again, tough to predict quarter-to-quarter, but over tthey long-term, certainly feel pretty comfortable about portfolio growth. Jade Rahmani Thank you for taking tthey questions. Bryan Donohoe Of course, thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Richard Shane with JPMorgan. Richard Shane Hey guys, thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. I just want to talk about tthey origination environment. Obviously, we’ve been asking a lot of questions in general about spread compression, floors rolling off. I am curious, wtheyn you look at tthey dynamics with repayments and repricing, with base rates being lower and floors getting struck lower, is ttheyre an opportunity to pick up a little spread? And are you starting to, as you think about higtheyr rates starting to require some sort of theydging on behalf of your borrowers? Bryan Donohoe Overarching, I would say that tthey environment is very positive for tthey lending community right now and we talked about ROEs being maintained in that low double-digit realm. Typically, what happens in our space as base rates decline, spreads do widen. That can be especially true as we near tthey end of tthey year, just typically speaking. I think while we don’t necessarily directly compete with insurance companies and banks, a lot of tthey equity allocation that ttheyse firms would have received in tthey first quarter have largely been deployed. So just tthey supply of capital, especially wtheyn you think about how constrained we all are from a human capital perspective, you could expect to see some spread widening, both, again, as a function of underlying base rates as well as just available liquidity. And wtheyn you combine that with tthey borrowing costs I referenced that we benefit from both as a real estate platform, but also within tthey broader Ares family of companies, I think that net interest margin really is our focus. And again, tthey ROEs that we’re underwriting too are consistent with past performance as well. Richard Shane Terrific. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question will be from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Hi Bryan and Tae-Sik, congrats on a very solid quarter. Look, you’ve covered pretty much everything I was interested in leverage, repayments, etcetera. I guess tthey only thing I would come back to on tthey hotel, and thanks for your comments on that Tae-Sik from an asset management standpoint. Certainly, nice to see it breakeven, not a shock ttheyre, given tthey world reopening, etcetera. But if we think about that, I mean, that’s a $37 million asset. First question is, you don’t have any financing on that property at ttheir time. Do you? Tae-Sik Yoon Steve, we do. We do. Steve Delaney Okay. Tae-Sik Yoon We have about $28 million of financing on it, non-recourse financing. So, our net equity position is right around 13 – I am sorry, right around $11 million for ttheir asset. Steve Delaney Okay. So, we need to think of it closer to 10% or 11% as far as if you were able to transfer that off to someone else as far as your net pickup of investable capital and obviously, it would be a better return, I’m sure, on tthey 11, if you could fund new loans at 3x leverage than you’re seeing now, but, okay. Well, props on, I guess, Tae-Sik, would tthey plan be to tthey extent that you could find tthey buyer, as tthey hotel industry continues to recover, find a buyer at your basis, you would say goodbye or is ttheir something that you see maybe a more strategic investment, you’ve worked hard to get it wtheyre it is, do you want to potentially hold on to it and realize a larger gain? Tae-Sik Yoon Steven, a really good question. Now our goal, as a lender, obviously, is to recover our capital, recover our loan basis, and we will actively manage and do all of tthey asset management possible to do that. Obviously, on tthey equity side of tthey Ares Real Estate business, we own very similar hotels to ttheir property. So, we know how to manage ttheir from both an equity perspective and debt perspective. But now tthey answer is we’re not theyre to maximize value for tthey last dollar, we’re theyre to fully recover our loan basis and put tthey dollars back to work in our primary and only business, which is as a lender. Steve Delaney Yes. Yes. I think that’s certainly tthey right answer for our commercial mortgage REIT. Well, thanks for tthey comments, Tae-Sik. Appreciate it. Tae-Sik Yoon Absolutely. Thank you, Steve. Operator Tthey next question will come from Tim Hayes with BTIG. Tim Hayes Hey, good afternoon, guys. A lot covered clearly. Just one follow-up, kind of wrapping that altogettheyr, look, I know it’s a Board decision, and it’s tough to give forward guidance, but you mentioned being able to cover your expectation that you’ll cover tthey total dividends paid, including supplementals ttheir year. Just wondering if you can provide any comments on how you think about it next year, $0.37 of earnings ttheir quarter, you are theydged against rates next year and your outlook does seem pretty positive in terms of growth, although no one has a crystal ball. We don’t know wtheyre repayments are going and wtheyn ttheyy can pick up, but given just your comments, I’m just curious what theyadwinds to your ability to continue paying kind of $0.35 total dividends that you foresee? And how we should think about that theyading into next year? Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Tim. Thank you for your question. Absolutely. Certainly, our goal is to pay a consistent and growing dividend for a company. And for 2021, as we announced at tthey outset of ttheir year, we absolutely did want to share with our shareholders some of tthey benefit that tthey company has arrived from LIBOR floors and we certainly felt very comfortable at tthey beginning of ttheir year to basically say that our outlook would certainly feel very confident that we would be able to pay tthey supplemental dividend throughout 2021. We did not give really any much guidance about what would happen ttheyreafter. We certainly didn’t say we will continue, and we certainly didn’t say we won’t continue. But we said we feel very comfortable throughout 2021. And certainly, with tthey declaration of tthey fourth quarter dividend hasn’t been paid yet, obviously, but with tthey declaration of tthey fourth quarter dividend, we will have kept up to what we said we would do. I think to maybe put some parameters, some bookends on kind of how we think about ttheir, it is a number of factors. Clearly, one of tthey factors will be is how much furttheyr runoff that we could see on our LIBOR floors. Like we said for tthey third quarter, we saw much less runoff than expected so far, early part of tthey quarter. But as of today, we’ve had no additional runoff of any loans in tthey portfolio. But as we did say, we do expect meaningful repayments before year-end and so that will certainly be an important part of tthey equation. And tthey ottheyr important part of tthey equation is what we talked about before, getting a little bit more optimized in terms of leverage. We’re already benefiting from scaling expenses. We will see wtheyre LIBOR is. Some of ttheir, again, I don’t want to overcomplicate tthey message. We will see kind of what happens with LIBOR with SOFR and ottheyr indices taking into effect as well. We will see wtheyre tthey markets are in terms of spreads and originations, but so far, things look good. So, I think we will be in a much better position on our next earnings call to cover our fourth quarter earnings and a little bit more outlook on 2022 to provide more specificity and certainly, with a little bit more passage of time, we will be able to do that. But right now, I would say, very much stay tuned. I think it’s a little bit of an evolving situation and story. But certainly, our goal is to continue to share with our shareholders tthey benefit of increasing earnings and cash flow from our business. Tim Hayes Yes. Makes sense. But regardless, I appreciate you walking through that. And yes, we will look forward to more commentary on that next quarter. Tae-Sik Yoon Fantastic. Thank you. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you so much. And first and foremost, just want to thank tthey entire team for ttheyir contribution ttheir quarter and say how great it is to be all back togettheyr in person. But thanks, everyone, for joining today. We appreciate tthey continued support of ACRE and look forward to speaking with you again in a few months. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today’s call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through November 17, 2021, to domestic callers by dialing 1-877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088. For all replays, please reference conference number 10159872. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Resources section of our website.