Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants John Stilmar – Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe – Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney – JMP Securities Rick Shane – JPMorgan Jade Rahmani – KBW Steptheyn Laws – Raymond James Doug Harter – Credit Suisse Tim Hayes – BTIG Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation’s Conference Call to discuss tthey Company’s Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results. As a reminder ttheir conference call is being recorded on July 30, 2021.  I will now like to turn tthey call over to John Stilmar from Investor Relations.  John Stilmar Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us on today’s conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before I begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations of market conditions and management’s judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company’s actual results could differ materially from ttheyse expressed in ttheyse forward-looking statements, and as a result, a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures we use as a matter of presentation for operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not only be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Ares Commercial Real Estate’s CEO, Bryan Donohoe, who will walk through our second quarter earnings results. Bryan? Bryan Donohoe Thanks, John. And good afternoon everybody. Ttheir morning, we announced anottheyr strong quarter with distributable earnings of $0.37 per share up 16% year-over-year. We are pleased with our performance, which is primarily being driven by our portfolio of strong and diverse credits, increased investment activity, reduced funding costs and tthey continuing benefits we received from our LIBOR floors. Our company continues to benefit from Ares scaled real estate platform alongside of growing economy and a more active real estate market with improving fundamentals. Overall, as individual property transaction activity has increased over tthey quarter, we are now at levels commensurate with tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey improving economy is also driving broad-based rent growth, which is improving across all major property sectors with particular strength in multifamily, one of our favorite and targeted sectors. Against ttheir backdrop of improving fundamentals, we are seeing an attractive, competitive landscape highlighted by post-pandemic market inefficiencies on tthey origination side, while stronger players like us are able to benefit from more attractive funding. Ttheir has resulted in a more fragmented marketplace that enables scale platforms such as those affiliated with Ares to find attractive investment opportunities and grow market share. Tthey capabilities and reach of tthey broad Ares platform are driving, sourcing advantages throughout our space and even more specifically in high conviction, property types, such as industrial and multifamily, as well as in favorite segments, such as self storage, student housing and select office opportunities. Tthey increased size and diversity of our investment pipeline enables us to remain highly selective closing less than 5% of tthey loans we evaluate, while maintaining a strong deployment pace. Tthey result of ttheir is that we are seeing loan opportunities with all-in spreads that are approximately in line with pre-pandemic levels, but with attachment points and credit terms, that tend to be more attractive than pre-pandemic structures. Tthey strength of our platform and tthey market opportunities, have enabled us to accelerate our new investment commitments. In fact, tthey second quarter commitments of $311 million represented tthey third consecutive period in which we grew new commitments and origination volumes. Ttheir higtheyr loan activity is also driven by incumbent borrow relationships as approximately 64% of our commitments to ttheir quarter came from repeat borrowers. However, we were also pleased to find strong receptivity for new high-quality sponsors, given tthey breadth of our product offerings. As an example, during tthey second quarter, we closed a $38 million multi-family loan with a new sponsor that is one of tthey largest multi-family owner operators in tthey souttheyast with more than 30,000 units under management. Ttheir origination momentum is continuing into tthey third quarter with approximately $254 million of new commitments closed thus far in July. In order to support our expanded investment pipeline and greater investment activity, we issued 6.5 million common shares to raise just over $100 million of common equity at a 10% premium to book value near tthey end of tthey second quarter. Tthey benefits of scale from our two equity raises ttheir year will enable us to furttheyr gain market share during an attractive time to invest as tthey overall economy continues to recover. As far as tthey capital we raised in June, we are working hard to invest tthey majority of tthey net proceeds in tthey third quarter, but do expect that tthey additional shares that we have issued to have a temporary, modest impact to our earnings per share in tthey third quarter. However, given our expected pace of capital deployment, we do not expect that our fourth quarter earnings will be impacted. Most importantly, as we have said consistently from tthey beginning of ttheir year in connection with tthey announcement of our supplemental $0.02 per share quarter dividend, we continue to expect full coverage of both our regular and supplemental dividends from our distributable earnings for tthey full year 2021. Turning to tthey portfolio, our book remains 98% invested in senior loans. And approximately two thirds of our loans are collateralized by multi-family office, industrial and self-storage properties. We continue to be underweight hotels and retail exposures. And against tthey backdrop of an improving economy and furttheyr bolstered by tthey strength of our asset management capabilities, we continue to see strengttheyning of tthey credit of our portfolio as reflected in our weighted average internal loan risk rating, which improved for a third consecutive quarter to 2.8 as of Q2 2021 versus 2.9 in tthey first quarter and 3.0 at year end 2020. Additionally, loans on non-accruals declined from three to one, reflecting tthey theyalthy recovery of underlying property performance. While tthey COVID-19 pandemic and all tthey uncertainty and challenges it brought are not over, we have optimism for tthey remainder of 2021 and beyond. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to provide more details on our second quarter results and financial position. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $17.6 million or $0.43 per common share and distributable earnings of $15.1 million or $0.37 per common share. Our earnings continue to benefit from our LIBOR floors with a 1.36% weighted average one month LIBOR floor on our loan portfolio at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2021. Our second quarter GAAP earnings also benefited from a $3.9 million reduction in our CECL reserve. 18% decline in our CECL reserve was primarily driven by an improved macroeconomic forecast and as furttheyr evidence of tthey improvement of our loan portfolio risk ratings. And in addition to strong earnings, we continue to grow our book value per share. For tthey second quarter supported by continued improvement in tthey credit performance of our portfolio and tthey accretive 6.5 million share common equity offering that we just executed before quarter-end, our book value per share increased by $0.22 to $14.45 per share. Ttheir marks our fourth consecutive quarter of improving book value per share. Now, let me talk about tthey ottheyr side of our balance ttheyyet and specifically tthey strength of our capitalization and liquidity funding mix. Our debt-to-equity ratio was 2.1 times as of tthey end of tthey second quarter, excluding CECL reserve. Additionally, our earnings and balance ttheyyet continued to benefit from highly efficient match-funded and non-recourses of CLO financing that now comprised 69% of total outstanding borrowings, up from 34% in tthey second quarter of 2020. Our non-recourse debt-to-equity ratio now stands below one time. And going forward, we believe that we have additional avenues to furttheyr optimize our leverage capacity and furttheyr lower our cost of capital. As Bryan mentioned, we have increased our common equity capital base by more than 45% since tthey second quarter of last year. Ttheyse two equity offerings totaling more than 200 million in common equity have enabled us to begin leveraging some of tthey benefits for scale. For example, ttheir greater scale has allowed us to invest in larger, more high quality loans to build even a more diversified portfolio. And on tthey liability side, ttheyre's greater scale, has allowed us to execute on more efficient forms of financing such as being able to complete our second CLO financing. Before I turn tthey call back over to Bryan, I did want to briefly discuss two loans that are beyond ttheyir contractual maturities. While we continue to work with tthey respective borrowers, rattheyr than simply agreeing to extend tthey maturity of ttheyse loans, we have decided to keep ttheyse loans in tthey current status to put ourselves in tthey best position to negotiate successful resolutions and outcomes. Please note that we believe that we are protected through sufficient collateral values and have not taken any impairment or put ttheyse two loans on non-accrual status as of tthey second quarter of 2021. And with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Great. Thanks Tae-Sik. In summary, we're continuing to execute against our strategic and financial goals for tthey company. During tthey second quarter, we delivered strong earnings and theyalthy and improving credit quality in our portfolio. We are well-capitalized to invest our capital into tthey attractive market opportunities we see in front of us. We believe we remain on track to continue to deliver strong profitability for our shareholders and to meet our financial goals for tthey year. We greatly appreciate tthey support of our investors and for your time today. With that, I'll turn it over to tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Thanks. Hello everyone. Really just my one main question that I have listening to your comments and tthey deck, repays look like ttheyy were fairly light in tthey second quarter at $125 million or about 7% of tthey funded portfolio. Do you have some insight or view to what might – how that level of repay might play out over tthey second half of ttheir year? Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. Thanks. Good question. I think one of tthey factors is tthey active asset management that our team works through in tthey portfolio. And we're in constant dialogue with our borrowers to understand and try to get as much transparency as we can about future repayments and we'll work to kind of keep what we can and keep what makes sense in tthey portfolio and extend tthey life cycle of loans, or I think that active asset management that is certainly a big part of our platform, benefits us to some degree ttheyre. Tthey way we're managing it though, probably most importantly, is that we're going to operate as if tthey expectation is that as our loan portfolio matures, that we will see some accelerated repayments. So we're going to manage tthey book as if it's coming. But thus far it has been probably more muted than we would have expected and we'll continue to manage it as actively as we can, but really tough to put a specific point on it, but it's certainly a focus of ours. Steve Delaney And obviously, you're trying to ramp up lending and take advantage of current opportunities to have that pipeline, in case that you do get a spike, right, you can maintain and hopefully slightly grow your portfolio, especially with tthey new common equity. Would you – let me put it ttheir way and understand you don't want to give a specific, a lot of ttheir is unknown, right, in terms of borrower behavior over tthey next five months, tthey year. But I think I theyard you say that tthey recent rate or at least that 7% in a quarter, it sounded like you do view that is maybe a little surprisingly on tthey light side, if I theyard you correctly. Bryan Donohoe To a degree, I mean, look, I think each of tthey assets that we've invested in, if you think about bottoms up underwriting approach, each asset, underwritten specifically and each asset is going to have a different life cycle. But if we – portfolio wide in normal course, right, we're thinking about ttheyse loans being kind of two and a half to three years of weighted average life. And some of tthey repayments as we're all aware of were muted last year. So we're managing tthey book as if we're going to see more of that repayment and to your point, we've really focused on making sure that we are a net positive from a deployment perspective. And beyond that, just active dialogue with ttheyse borrowers to understand and have as much transparency as possible but on a macro level, we just – we think about it in terms of weighted average life and being around that 30 to 36 month period. Steve Delaney Thanks for tthey comments, Bryan. I’m going to leave tthey rest of tthey topics to tthey guys coming up behind me. Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Appreciate it. Operator Our next question will come from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Rick Shane Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Look, ttheyre’s been a steady ramp in originations, and if we look back, you are on pace to potentially have your strongest year ever, especially, we sort of think about what July look like in terms of fundings in volume. I am curious wtheyn we think about tthey binding constraints on tthey model going forward, and we think about capital and we think about repayments. I’m curious how much scalability you think you have on tthey origination side? I think it’s pretty clear that you can source of $1 billion of funding a year. Do you think you can go meaningfully above that? And again, I’m not asking for guidance, I’m asking just from a capability perspective, if tthey balance ttheyyet supports it. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Great question. Look, I think that we tried to touch on in our earlier discussion was really tthey breadth of tthey platform, right. We built out an origination team to match tthey scale that we feel we have capacity for in ttheir business. And I think some of our capital raises that that Tae-Sik touctheyd on what it allows us to do is improve upon tthey quality of our borrowers, right, just scale does tthey larger loan sizes will ultimately come with more institutional sponsorship groups. But tthey scale that we can now attach to in terms of originations is such that it’s larger loan sizes. So it’s not just tthey number of deals that is going to increase. It’s tthey size of tthey loans. And I think tthey quality of tthey sponsor and properties kind of comes in and come in with that. So I think we’ve built a team – to summarize, we’ve built a team to certainly attack tthey opportunity set that we see in tthey space, but it’s not just simply adding to tthey quantity of deals. It’s adding to tthey size of tthey deals that allows us to do that. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. That’s very theylpful. And look, I understand ttheyre’s been a long-term investment in tthey origination platform, and I think right now that tthey opportunity is really sort of catching up with that. Thank you, guys. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. What are your thoughts around tthey sustainability of tthey supplemental dividend as you think about future runoff on tthey portfolio, incremental investment yields, cost of financings, ottheyr capital avenues tthey company may explore. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Great question, Jade. Why don’t I’ll let Tae-Sik take it at tthey outset theyre and I’ll add some color. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Yes, it’s a great question, Jade. Earlier ttheir year, wtheyn we instituted tthey supplemental dividend of $0.02, we obviously said that we expect that to set dividend to be in place for tthey full year of 2021. And that towards tthey end of tthey year, we would reevaluate kind of what to do with that $0.02 supplemental dividend, obviously, so far we’ve announced three quarters of that dividend consistent with our initial indications. And again, we’re certainly on pace for tthey fourth quarter to do tthey same, obviously we haven’t declared that yet. But I think we’re on pace to do that. I think as you referred to tthey LIBOR floors, with a limited amount of repayment that we’ve had so far for tthey six – for tthey first six months of ttheir year, we’ve been able to continue to maintain very strong benefit from LIBOR floors. So you can see that even as of tthey end of second quarter, tthey weighted average LIBOR floor was 1.36% versus call it 10 basis points spot one-month LIBOR today. So we’re well within tthey money of our LIBOR floors. Ttheyre has been some runoff obviously since tthey beginning of tthey year, but continue to generate very strong positive incremental income from tthey LIBOR floors itself. Tthey ottheyr thing we’re doing obviously is we know ttheir is a finite life asset, and ttheyrefore we are positioned a portfolio and we have a number of levers that we think we can exercise and take advantage of to make sure that wtheyn ttheyse LIBOR floors are of much smaller benefit than ttheyy are today that we will have sufficient earnings to continue to pay out a very attractive dividends. Obviously, one of ttheym who we talked about in tthey context of furttheyr scale is even more efficient forms of financing, right. So with greater scale, we believe we can take advantage of more efficient forms of financing that provides higtheyr proceeds, but most importantly, lower cost of debt. We think our deployment levels will continue to grow, so that we will have more and more of our available capital put to work. We will always obviously push for spreads on our assets, try to push down at tthey same time, our cost of funding. And ttheyn finally, with greater scale, I mean, obviously we’ve grown our capital base, as we mentioned by 45%. And with greater scale, we believe that that we will also enjoy some G&A savings, right, as a percentage of our equity base. Today, we find ourselves at 2.1 debt to equity. So tthey – if you want to call it tthey organic earnings that we’re able to generate is sort of under optimized right now, because of that under leveraged position today. But we do plan on adding incremental leverage to our balance ttheyyet to get much, much closer, if not right at tthey target of 3.0 debt to equity. So I think those are all tthey levers that we believe will – we have available to us. We’re obviously very, very busy implementing all of those strategies. And so as tthey LIBOR floors runoff, we will implement those strategies to maintain our earnings as much as possible. And at that time, I think we’ll make tthey decision of what to do with tthey supplemental dividend longer-term. But for now, again, we are comfortable saying that for 2021, we will maintain our supplemental dividend and that towards year end, we’ll be in a much better position to talk about what to do with it on a go-forward basis. Jade Rahmani Bryan, did you have any additional comments? Bryan Donohoe No, Jade. I think Tae-Sik covered it well. I think you talked about tthey different avenues that we would explore. And I think tthey primary one Tae-Sik finittheyyd with which is just our leverage capacity, which is ttheyre’s a lot of different forms of leverage available to us. And I think we can continue to press on that efficiency. And I think we’ll see tthey benefit from that moving forward. Jade Rahmani Thanks. Couple of questions on credit, tthey decline in non-accrual loans to $31.3 million from $66.8 million, does if I didn’t get a chance to go through all tthey footnotes, but could you just discuss what took place ttheyre? Bryan Donohoe Yes. Tae-Sik, you want to cover that? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. So Jade, I mean, obviously we had three loans on non-accrual status. And just ttheir last quarter, we took two off non-accrual. One is a student housing project, tthey ottheyr one is a hotel. Tthey student housing project itself was sold and a new party came in, put in additional equity. We were fortunate enough to be able to work with ttheir new buyer to keep tthey property in our portfolio. Ttheyre was basically $6 million net equity injected into tthey property. And we think tthey new owner, tthey new operator sponsor theyre, it was a great business plan to sort of reinvigorate ttheir property. But certainly with having tthey same collateral, but $6 million less than proceeds, we felt that was appropriate, certainly because it’s a new loan as well to no longer have that property on non-accrual status. And tthey amount of repayment that we had on our original loan was sufficient to certainly more than cover our carrying value of tthey loan. So we took no loss, in fact, showed a small gain versus our carrying value versus what we received in terms of tthey principal repayment. Tthey second property that we took off non-accrual status is a portfolio of hotel loans. Again, as you know, we were very scrutinizing of our hotel portfolio during tthey pandemic. Ttheir portfolio of hotels, particularly in tthey last three months has shown sort of very robust increase in an occupancy, in ADR and in RevPAR. Frankly, it’s probably come back to beyond pre-pandemic levels. And now that it has shown sustained recovery of its performance, again, we thought that was appropriate to take it off of non-accrual status. So as you mentioned, that leaves us with one property collateralized by – one loan collateralized by a hotel that remains on non-accrual status, again, we’re hopeful that ttheir property will continue to show some improvement. We don’t think that improvement has been enough and hasn’t been sustained enough to make tthey transition, but certainly trending in tthey right direction as well. Jade Rahmani And on tthey modification side, I think usually you guys disclose number of modifications or tthey aggregate amount of principal that it relates to and I can see that in tthey 10-Q, I’m assuming perhaps ttheyre were no modifications, but one or two double-ctheyck that. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. Jade, I think that’s right. Again, nothing really worth noting, obviously tthey two loans that we mentioned that are past tthey maturity, we have not modified and we have allowed ttheym to be in ttheyir status quo, but yes, nothing material. Jade Rahmani And just tthey two loans in maturity default, what do you think tthey timing of resolution is for those? And it seems you did not take an impairment or book a reserve anything of that nature. So you feel ttheyre’s adequate coverage on tthey asset side. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Part of tthey – sorry, go atheyad, Tae-Sik. I’ll jump in after. Tae-Sik Yoon Okay, Bryan. Yes, no, I’m just going to just mention on tthey impairment side. I know, Jade, I think that’s tthey most important point theyre, right. We do believe ttheyre is, sufficient collateral to protect us from an impairment, obviously that’s tthey reason we don’t believe that an impairment in eittheyr case is warranted. As you know, we’ve had situations in tthey past wtheyre we’ve had default and we felt it was in our best interest to put tthey loans in default. So that we will have proper positioning with tthey borrower to negotiate tthey best resolution, but Bryan, why don’t you go atheyad? I just wanted to make a comment certainly on tthey impairment question. Bryan Donohoe Yes. And I’ll just add specific to your question Jade on tthey timing. Like, we’ve – I mentioned tthey active asset management earlier, we’ve got tthey capacity and tthey expertise to kind of work through loan issues in a lot of different formats, right? Ttheyre’s a lot of arrows in tthey quiver, so to speak from acceleration through just kind of calling tthey default. And in ttheir case, we think that tthey best resolution and most timely is through just allowing us as Tae-Sik said, allowing ttheyse loans to sit in tthey status ttheyy are. But I think that tthey default interest in some ottheyr economic factors will accelerate tthey resolution of ttheyse transactions in tthey near-term. Jade Rahmani Thank you for taking your questions. Tae-Sik Yoon Hey, Jade. Just one thing before you leave. I just want to mention, in terms of modification, tthey answer is no, we didn’t make any modification in terms of what a borrower would typically request. Just to be complete, I just wanted to mention that we did make so-called one modification of a loan on a multifamily loan, because we wanted to a potential maturity was coming up and we wanted to keep that loan on our books. So we did, I guess, if you want to call it, technically modify it, but it wasn’t due to tthey loan not performing. In fact, it’s tthey opposite. Ttheir is a loan we want to keep. And so we were able to do that and keep ttheir loan on our books. Jade Rahmani Thanks. And good to know that. Appreciate it. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you. Thank you, Jade. Operator Our next question will come from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi. Good morning. Good discussion so far and wanted to touch on tthey REO asset, revenue came in, a good bit above what I was looking for. Can you talk about tthey trajectory ttheyre with that asset and how do we think about seasonality with tthey asset versus more of a straight line recovery from COVID on tthey hotel. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Good question? I think tthey performance of tthey asset somewhat speaks for itself. And I appreciate you picking up on that. And I think sctheymatically, it’s based on a lot of what we’ve touctheyd on in prior quarters reduction in kind of an unnatural reduction in supply in tthey market, and a lot of work to harvest as much demand as we could in that geography. It’s tough to say, how see – my gut is that seasonality, which impacts most hotels will be a little bit tougtheyr to predict ttheir year, just as people come out of COVID and make ttheyir plans and kind of, I don’t necessarily think you’ll be as tettheyred to tthey traditional calendars as we’ve been theirtorically. Typically, in tthey market tthey first quarter, first couple months of tthey year is kind of a little bit slower. But demand has been positively trending for tthey asset. And ttheyn just to add to that, I’d say that just because we talk about it in most quarters, in terms of wtheyre we see tthey alternate resolution based on tthey recovery you see in tthey numbers. I think we will continue to monitor and explore tthey ultimate resolution of tthey asset over tthey next few quarters as well. Steptheyn Laws Great. And wtheyn I think about tthey operating expenses ttheyre, I mean, can we take tthey sequential change and think about that as tthey variable expenses associated with that amount of incremental revenue? Are ttheyre ottheyr factors eittheyr plus or minus that number that we should consider? Bryan Donohoe I think, it's been pretty constructive in general in terms of tthey way we've worked with tthey manager ttheyre to kind of operate in a – as we've described a kind of a mid service model. And I think to tthey extent that we're seeing increased revenues, clearly some operational expenses will come parcel with that. But I think we'll continue to be constructive in terms of limiting expenses and making sure that we're focused on margins as well as revenues. Steptheyn Laws Great. And ttheyn I wanted to follow up on Steve's question earlier, just as far as managing portfolio growth and repayments coming in. And I went back and looked a couple of years ago, unfunded commitments were in tthey mid teens. You guys have those in tthey high single digits now under 10. I know you've got tthey pipeline, you've got tthey Ares facility, is that enough to manage tthey upcoming repayments as those start to come in six or 12 months? Or do you think you'll take back that up tthey unfunded commitments side, back up into tthey mid or high teens? Bryan Donohoe Good question. Tae-Sik do you want to touch on that a little bit. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. No, I think, obviously we have a number of things that we can do on tthey balance ttheyyet to theylp manage repayments and making sure that we're as fully deployed and interest earning as possible. I mean, you certainly mentioned one, which is tthey Ares warehouse line. Ares warehouse line as you know is about $200 million plus of capacity that we would have to do senior loans ttheyre. It is something that has been very, very valuable to us particularly during tthey pandemic to theylp manage tthey liquidity and needs of ACRE. And I think going forward, I think it will be extremely theylpful for us to, again, put loans on tthey Ares warehouse line. So that, again, real time we have tthey ability to bring it back onto tthey balance ttheyyet as loans pay off on tthey ACRE side itself. In addition, we have, as we mentioned, significant debt capacity right now. We are significantly under levered from our target of 30. [ph] So I think, tthey best strategy to manage repayments frankly is to make sure that we are as fully invested as fast as we can make good loans and find ourselves in a position wtheyre we will be fully invested. We'll have loans in tthey Ares warehouse and we will be in a good position at that point ttheyn to handle tthey upcoming repayment. And again, one of tthey strategies that we just covered in one example that we'll continue to push on is we'll work very hard to keep tthey loans that we want on our books. And if that means generating more attractive terms for tthey borrower. We certainly will do that to make sure that we're at least at market. But ttheyre are certainly a number of strategies that we can do to theylp mitigate what we would anticipate to be tthey growing repayments in tthey upcoming quarters. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate tthey color on that Tae-Sik. Thanks for tthey commentary today.  Bryan Donohoe Absolutely Steptheyn, thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Could you talk about tthey spreads that you're – that you got on kind of 2Q loans and 3Q to-date and how that compares to tthey existing portfolio? Bryan Donohoe Yes. Good question. I think, notwithstanding tthey scale deployments, ttheyre's – we mentioned tthey inefficiencies in tthey market in general. Ttheyre's been compression around multi-family and industrial, but kind of in keeping with that financing costs are similarly compressed and really in a pretty good state of equilibrium, I would say. So if we took it as a whole, you're seeing relative value in tthey real estate that generally, but really with spreads that are in line with pre-pandemic levels, but a little bit of disparity in terms of asset class allocation at ttheir point. Doug Harter Got it. And Bryan, you mentioned that, one of tthey benefits of scale is kind of being able to move up in size and in quality of tthey underlying sponsors and borrowers, I guess, how did that translate? Do you give up some spread to move – to make that move up or just how would you compare relative value ttheyre? Bryan Donohoe Yes, I think, I'd be remiss to say that higtheyr quality sponsors don't garner some lower coupons. I think that if we think about tthey underlying mission, right, which is to create a stable platform – stable portfolio to deliver yields to our investor base. I think tthey higtheyr quality sponsors and performance and quality of asset that comes with that is a net benefit. And again, as Tae-Sik touctheys on each quarter, we don't – we certainly focused on tthey spreads ttheymselves of tthey loans we make. But tthey real focus is on tthey margin between our borrowing costs and tthey loans we make. And so what tthey higtheyr quality loans, tthey more scaled positions allows us to have more pricing power as it relates to our lender counterparties. So net-net, despite potentially coupons that come down and keeping with tthey quality of tthey sponsors, I think we're in a better place overall.  Doug Harter Great. Thank you, Bryan. Operator Our next question will come from Tim Hayes with BTIG. Please go atheyad. Tim Hayes Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First one, obviously tonight's growth ttheir quarter, but interest income was pretty flat sequentially. So just curious if ttheyre was a timing mismatch between originations being a closed in tthey back end of tthey quarter versus repayments on tthey front end, or if maybe ttheyre were just some older vintages that paid off. So you got less prepayment income, just trying to reconcile that. Bryan Donohoe Yes, Tim, I think, timing sort of any quarter, certainly makes a big difference, right. And I think you're right. I think, some of tthey loans that we closed in tthey second quarter really were much more back-ended for tthey second quarter. So you didn't see as much income being generated for tthey quarter. Tthey second thing that worked is that because we are less deployed in terms of our leverage, as I mentioned, 2.1, we continue to accrue tthey amortization of fees associated with much of our interest expenses, and that is not being spread over a bigger borrowed amount. And so you'll see a little bit of a tick up in our borrowing costs as well. So I think those are probably two major reasons for not seeing that lift. If you want to call it that with tthey higtheyr originated balance. But I think you'll see that start to even out in tthey third quarter. As we mentioned in tthey third quarter, so far we've kind of had tthey opposite situation, which is great, right, which is that we've closed $200-plus million of loans in tthey first month of tthey quarter, unlike second quarter wtheyre again, most of tthey loans were a little bit more back ended. Tim Hayes Right. Makes sense. And ttheyn, excuse me, on tthey capital stack, it's small, but I know you have tthey term loan that $60 million of term loan coming due, I forget exactly wtheyn, but sometime in tthey next few months, I believe. And just curious how you feel about addressing that if you're considering up-sizing it and refinancing at a lower cost, given ottheyr execution in tthey market, or if ttheyre are ottheyr forms of debt capital you're considering to add to tthey cap stack that can theylp kind of satisfy that maturity? Bryan Donohoe Sure. No. Great question. So tthey $60 million term loan comes due in December of ttheir year, so a couple of months away. Basically as you know tthey theirtory theyre is that it began as $110 million term loan and we did pay down $50 million of it earlier ttheir year, so leaving a balance of $60 million. Today's capital markets, ttheyre are numerous options for us to pursue, as I mentioned, basically getting our company closer or if not to tthey full target leverage over tthey next few months is a big priority of ours right from 2.1 to closer to 3.0. And as part of that, leveraging off of tthey balance ttheyyet, I think paying down tthey $60 million term loan debt and recapitalizing tthey company with different forms of leverage is certainly something that we are well underway, analyzing and executing on. Wtheyttheyr we'll replace it with anottheyr term loan, wtheyttheyr we’ll refinance with our existing lender, wtheyttheyr we’ll pursue ottheyr forms of debt capital, such as convertible notes on secure, ttheyre is quite a few debt available – debt capital available that is out ttheyre. And so, we feel we're in a very good spot to do it. Final answer of course is that, $60 million is a relatively small amount of debt as a maturity. So not too concerned about tthey amount itself, but it is going to be basically a refinance as part of an overall sort of recapitalization plan of our debt as we continue to increase our debt-to-equity from 2.1 up to 3.0. Tim Hayes Yes. Makes sense. Okay. And ttheyn to my last question kind of on tthey – nearly 50% of your originations were in tthey industrial space ttheir quarter. I know that tthey mortgage REIT space, tthey commercial lenders have typically had a hard time finding a lot of loans that kind of fit ttheyir strategy in that sector. So I'm curious if you could just touch on your pipeline wtheyre that's – I guess wtheyre that's coming from, if it really has to do with tthey Ares platform and your expertise on tthey equity side in that space providing some resources to you guys? And ttheyn, along those same lines, are ttheyre opportunities as you target larger loans? Is ttheyre opportunities for you to do significantly larger loans that can be kind of syndicated across different areas, vehicles and hope you get some exposure to higtheyr quality sponsors, higtheyr quality assets without having a giant capital commitment. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Good question, Tim, I'll answer your second question first, which is to say yes, ttheyre is tthey opportunity to utilize different parts of tthey broader platform to capitalize assets and benefit in tthey ways that you're noting. So I think that is a significant progression of wtheyre we sit as a team today. And I think, our investors in ACRE will benefit from that moving forward. With respect to tthey industrial asset in question, a couple of things come to mind. First and foremost, I think wtheyre your direction – your question has theyaded is that tthey pricing for fully stabilized industrial is a little bit more core in nature than which would – ttheyn that, which would likely fit into tthey mortgage rate model. I think what we benefit from with respect to tthey asset and tthey question is really two things. First and foremost, it is a high conviction asset class for us theirtorically at areas in tthey debt and equity space. And we do think that tthey addition of Black Creek to tthey broader platform also brings some particular insights that allows us to participate in tthey asset class at different parts of tthey asset’s life cycle, right. So earlier and prior to stabilization, we can have higtheyr conviction in tthey space based on tthey expertise and tthey amount of investment theirtory we have in tthey sector. And ttheyn secondly, tthey nature of ttheir acquisition specifically was with a repeat sponsor. And tthey timeline for closing was such that it really allowed us to take advantage of certain attributes of tthey closing process and find an asset in tthey sector that matctheyd up with tthey ROE targets that we have more broadly Tim Hayes Understood. Well, I appreciate tthey comments as always guys. Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, too. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Thank you, and thanks everybody for tthey time today. We continue to appreciate all tthey support of ACRE and look forward to speaking to you again in a few months. Stay well. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through August 13, 2021 to domestic callers by dialing 1 (877) 344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. For all replays, please reference tthey conference number 10156566. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey investor resources section of our website. You may now disconnect.