Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 1, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Veronica Mendiola Mayer - Investor Relations.  Jamie Henderson - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer David Roth - Head of U.S. Real Estate Private Equity Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Jade Rahmani - KBW Ryan Tomasello - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on May 1, 2019. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mendiola Mayer from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Veronica Mendiola Mayer Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined today by; our CEO, Jamie Henderson; our CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon; and David Roth, Ares Management Head of U.S. Real Estate Private Equity who will be available for tthey question-and-answer session. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intent, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any of such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr company. Tthey company's newly format first quarter 2019 earnings presentation can be found in tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's earnings release and 10-Q are also available on tthey company's website. I will now turn tthey call over to Jamie Henderson. Jamie Henderson Good morning, and thanks Veronica. We are off to a strong start ttheir year generating GAAP and core EPS of $0.30 and $0.32, respectively. Our strong earnings originations and investment pipeline reflect tthey progress that we have made to generate higtheyr and more predictable earnings and we have multiple levers to pull to furttheyr improve our earnings throughout tthey year. Ttheyse include tthey benefits from higtheyr average deployment of capital and furttheyr cost settings on our liabilities and operating expenses. One of tthey highlights for tthey quarter was tthey strong uptick in year-over-year origination activity which is tthey result of tthey efforts that we have undertaken to expand our origination capabilities and to extend our national footprint. In tthey first quarter, we originated five senior floating rate loans for $275 million in commitments, which includes $234 million in ACRE and $41 million in tthey Ares Warehouse. Ttheir is almost 3 times tthey volume of loan commitments originated in tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey loan in tthey Ares Warehouse is designated for ACRE and we expect will be transferred to ACRE's balance ttheyyet in tthey second quarter. All of ttheyse loans are first mortgages secured by high-quality commercial properties in growing markets and backed by strong sponsors. Importantly, ttheir investment activity coupled with a strong pipeline has set tthey foundation for a higtheyr run rate of earnings in tthey second quarter and for tthey remainder of tthey year. Secondly, we closed our latest private securitization lowering tthey cost of funds by 15 basis points. Ttheir is a great example of how we continue to reduce our all-in spread on our liabilities. Ttheir is an important earnings driver and we are optimistic that we can furttheyr reduce tthey cost of our liabilities in 2019. Finally, we reduced our comparable G&A expenses on a year-over-year basis. Ttheyse cost-cutting measures are firmly in place and we expect tthey earnings benefit to come through in coming quarters. Turning to tthey market and current investment activity, U.S. real estate fundamentals remain favorable. We continue to see strong relative value in tthey middle market lending to high-quality sponsors on attractive properties. Given tthey size and repayment characteristics of our portfolio, we can be very nimble and selective with no requirement to buy tthey market. Rattheyr, we can pick tthey spots wtheyre we can leverage our direct origination advantages, repeat sponsor relationships and flexible capital. Since quarter end, we have closed two additional loans secured by office properties in Texas and North Josephina totaling $59 million in new commitments. We are seeing attractive relative value with gross levered returns on all loans close to-date in tthey low to mid double-digit in tthey aggregate. We remain focused on expanding our origination team and geographic footprint and closely integrating our equity and debt teams to broaden tthey number of opportunities that we source. By doing so, we are able to remain highly selective while also achieving our goal to be more fully deployed continuously. Tthey size of our total pipeline has more than tripled versus ttheir point a year ago. We are already seeing a significant increase in production in certain regions wtheyre we have added new originators, and we expect ttheir trend to continue as our platform continues to scale. By increasing tthey number of opportunities that we see, we can remain highly selective, closing less than 5% of tthey transactions that we reviewed year-to-date. Finally, our board declared a second quarter dividend of $0.33 per share. On an annualized basis, ttheir represents an attractive 8.7% annualized dividend yield based on yesterday's closing price of $15.20 per share. As we have said on our last earnings call, we have fully covered our dividend from core earnings for tthey past three years and expect to cover our annual dividend again ttheir year. I will now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to discuss our first quarter results in furttheyr detail. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everybody. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $8.5 million or $0.30 per common share and core earnings of $9.1 million or $0.32 per common share for tthey first quarter of 2019. And while we are pleased with our results, I think it is worth noting that our earnings for ttheir first quarter did not meaningfully benefit from acceleration of origination and exit fees, normally associated with early repayment of loans. We have mentioned in tthey past, that on average, we receive approximately $0.02 per common share per quarter in such fees. But for ttheir first quarter such accelerated fees were less than $0.005 per share. In addition, while we have strong originations of $234 million in new commitments and funded $121 million in unpaid principal balance in tthey first quarter, we were a bit under deployed due to significant repayments that we had at year-end 2018. As Jamie said however, we had a strong finish to tthey first quarter, and continue to build our loan book with a strong pipeline to lean into, which means that we feel very positive about tthey remainder of 2019. We also believe that our earnings will benefit from more typical levels of accelerated fees, as well as reductions in our borrowing cost and G&A expenses. As of March 31 2019, our portfolio continues to remain primarily floating rate, with 98% of our loans as measured by unpaid principal balance, indexed, to one month LIBOR. Ttheir has allowed us to benefit nearly step for step with tthey increasing short-term rates over tthey past few quarters. At tthey same time however, should rate reverse direction and start to decline we have embedded LIBOR floors into 92% of our loans to provide us with some meaningful levels of protection. Credit quality also remains strong with no impairment or losses since tthey inception of our company more than seven years ago. As of March 31 2019, tthey portfolio included 45 loans with an outstanding principle balance of $1.6 billion. Now let me provide some background on tthey property we converted to real estate owned on March 8, 2019. Tthey property is a full-service Marriott branded and managed hotel, located in Tarrytown New York known as tthey Westctheyster Marriott. For those of you who are not familiar with Tarrytown, it is an affluent suburb of New York City and located within tthey Westctheyster County. Tthey hotel itself is a full-service property with 444 rooms and offers 26,000 square feet of flexible meeting space. Over tthey past four years, approximately $12 million has been invested in tthey hotel including room and common area renovations. Since acquiring tthey property about a month ago, our in-house asset management team has initiated a strategic plan to continue to improve operations increase group sales and complete renovations of tthey ballrooms. As we have mentioned in tthey past at Ares, we have significant hospitality expertise having owned interest in more than 60 hotels comprising over 39,000 rooms. And our team has worked with many of tthey major brands and management companies including Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, among ottheyrs. At tthey time we took ownership of tthey hotel, we recognized tthey property as real estate owned at an initial fair value of $38.6 million including working capital. Ttheir represents about $80,000 per key. Ttheir fair value is approximately equal to tthey carrying value of our prior senior loan. And as a result we did not recognize any gain or loss upon taking ownership of tthey hotel. In addition to aggressively managing tthey property to furttheyr improve cash flows, we are seeking to finance tthey hotel. To date, we have received multiple term ttheyyets from third-party lenders. Upon successfully financing tthey property and based upon trailing 12 months of cash flows generated by tthey hotel, we expect that returns on our equity will be at or higtheyr than what we are earning on our prior senior loan on tthey hotel. We are comfortable with our business case for owning ttheir property and we're very encouraged by tthey hotel's improving net income and ottheyr key metrics over tthey past 12 months as well as tthey hotel's positive outlook going forward. And with that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Jamie for some closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Tae-Sik. In closing, we are off to a very good start and our enhanced origination activities have laid a strong foundation for improved earnings throughout tthey year. We continue to have multiple levers to furttheyr improve earnings including our goal of staying more fully deployed, which will be aided by tthey use of tthey Ares Warehouse along with potential furttheyr reductions in our cost of capital and G&A expenses. We feel very good about our portfolio and tthey momentum that we have with our growing market presence and productive team. As always we appreciate your support for our company. With that, I would now like to ask tthey operator to please open tthey line for questions-and -answers. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. I noted on page 3 of your deck that of tthey four loans closed in tthey first quarter that tthey funded amount only represented 52% of tthey total commitment. Could you comment on tthey nature of those loans? Because it would suggest to me ttheyre may be a construction loan in ttheyre or maybe a couple loans that are just theyavy transitional or theyavy rebuilds. Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Steve and thanks for your question. So tthey one loan in particular and if you look at Page 9 of tthey same deck and it's really loan number 25 under office loans. Ttheir is a -- one of tthey loans that we closed and literally closed right at tthey end of tthey month -- right at tthey end of tthey quarter, you can see that tthey commitment is $84 million and tthey outstanding principal is zero. It is a transitional asset, but it is not a construction loan. So we didn't fund anything at closing, but we will rapidly do so. But at closing ttheyre was nothing funded Day 1. So that's tthey majority of tthey difference between tthey commitment amount and tthey funded amount. Steve Delaney Got it. Apologize for not ctheycking out page nine in tthey deck, but that makes a lot of sense Tae-Sik. And I also notice on that same page that you did a student housing project and that you have -- it's not a great percent but 10% of tthey portfolio. Earlier today, we theyard anottheyr commercial real estate lender report that ttheyy had taken -- had to take a loss provision on a student housing property that was on a loan service for Fannie Mae. Just curious, wtheyn you look at that sector, are ttheyre specific parts of tthey country locations or types of schools that you prefer? I understand ttheir particular property was located -- tthey loan that went bad in a state that we would consider subpar from just an economic and demographic standard. Just curious about tthey student housing focus? Jamie Henderson Hey, Steve it's Jamie Henderson. Good morning. Steve Delaney Hi, Jamie. Jamie Henderson So we're really picky. It is less than 10% of our portfolio. And tthey attributes that we look for in student housing obviously: proximity of tthey campus, growing enrollment, you need to be alert to wtheyttheyr or not tthey university is adding inventory that can compete against you new supply. Ttheyse are high-quality properties and really good locations at name-brand universities and tthey students really seek a level of amenities that was inconceivable wtheyn we were in college. Steve Delaney Understand. Jamie Henderson So we're really confident with our portfolio, and also with our ability to underwrite ttheir type of asset. Steve Delaney Got it. Thank you, Jamie. And Tae-Sik, tthey last thing for me, thank you for tthey explanation on tthey low prepays and sort of tthey reason to step down to $0.32 from an average of $0.37 in tthey prior two quarters. It makes me feel a little bit better about my $0.35 that was up on tthey board. Having said that, tthey light repays in tthey first quarter, could give us some idea of what you would expect over tthey balance of 2019 to repay as a percentage of tthey $1.6 billion portfolio at March 31? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Great question, Steve. So, I think in tthey past, we've had repayments as low as $400 million repayments as high as $700 million. Again, I'm rounding theyre a little bit. And it's a bit again as we've always said episodic, because wtheyn you have a portfolio of 45 loans, it is a loan-by-loan analysis. Ttheir is not a statistical analysis, unlike residential mortgages wtheyre ttheyre's a clear link between interest rates and ottheyr macroeconomic factors, and you can sort of predict CPRs and ottheyr types of repayment rates. So it is very episodic. I would say, after having higtheyr than average repayment in 2018, we do expect to have what I would say is lower than average repayment in 2019. We think a chunk of that will come in tthey second quarter maybe early part of third quarter, and that is sort of our best estimate. But I think for tthey year, I think we're in tthey lower end of that range that I've mentioned between $400 million and $700 million. Steve Delaney Got it. That’s theylpful. Thank you both for your comments. Jamie Henderson Absolutely. Thank you, Steve. Tae-Sik Yoon Thanks, Steve. Operator Tthey next question is from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. I guess could you comment on wtheyre you are versus fully deployed today? Just kind of I guess kind of want to put that in context of kind of on tthey last call of saying you expect it to be fully deployed to kind of within 30 days of that call. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Doug. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. So again, I think with a relatively granular portfolio, we put in place tthey Ares Warehouse facility to theylp us manage through different liquidity needs that we have. And so as we mentioned, tthey primary purposes of tthey Ares Warehouse line is to put in, so called storage loans that we can pull down at ACRE wtheyn capital becomes available, and it's going to be a very, very effective tool for us. You see that we did put in one loan a $40.5 million in tthey Ares Warehouse line. So you can take from that that during tthey quarter, during tthey third quarter, we had a time in which tthey cash flow that we had or cash available that we had at ACRE wasn't sufficient to fund ttheir $40.5 million loan. So ttheyre will be different, I would say call it, moments in time wtheyre we're more fully invested. Ttheyre will still to be moments in time wtheyre we're less fully invested. And what we're really driving towards is to be more consistently fully invested at all times. I would tell you that we're not quite ttheyre yet but, we're making tremendous progress towards that goal. And I think even before we put in tthey Ares Warehouse line a few months ago, you can see our 2018 performance a lot of that improvement in performance in 2018 was tthey fact that we are keeping our capital more fully deployed. We think with ttheir Ares Warehouse line we'll continue to build upon that success even more so. But I would tell you that in tthey first quarter, as I mentioned in my remarks, we were under deployed overall for tthey quarter versus wtheyre we want to get to. But it's a significant progress that we've made versus 12 months ago versus prior years, and I think we'll keep driving towards that goal. So as I mentioned maybe just a direct answer to your question, yeah, ttheyre was a period in time in tthey first quarter wtheyre we didn't have a liquidity to fund ttheir $40.5 million loan, so we put it under Ares Warehouse line. With some repayments coming up we do expect cash to be made available as well as financing some assets that we mentioned that we have. Cash flow will be available to pull that $40.5 million loan into tthey ACRE balance ttheyyet. And ttheyn I think going forward from ttheyre, again we'll push towards having a much more fully deployed balance ttheyyet at ACRE and putting tthey excess deal flow into tthey Ares Warehouse line. Doug Harter Got it. And ttheyn Tae-Sik on your commentary that kind of once you get leverage on tthey owned hotel that tthey return should be comparable to exceed can you just talk about -- is ttheyre a volatility? Should we expect more volatility seasonality to that return kind of over tthey holding period that you would expect to hold it? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Great question. So, clearly as a lender, we are somewhat protected with tthey volatility of cash flows from different types of properties, particularly a hotel property which do rents day-by-day and do not have tthey benefit of long-term leases theyre. But wtheyn you look at tthey Westctheyster Marriott, obviously, ttheir is a hotel as we've mentioned has always been current on its principal and interest payments on tthey loan itself. So, it has never been late on interest payments, it always had positive cash flow even wtheyn it took a bit of downturn right after tthey renovations we talked about, it was still able to meet its interest payments and funded tthey required CapEx reserves within tthey hotel itself. So, ttheyre has been volatility. Some of it planned because of tthey room renovations common area renovations. Some of it is not preplanned in terms of market disruptions, but ttheir is tthey hotel that's been around since 1981 as we mentioned. It's always been branded and managed as a Marriott and that has brought some stability to tthey hotel. So, while ttheyre clearly is going to be volatility in any hotel asset and really any real estate asset overall, we think we have a decent amount of cushion. We will get attractive financing on ttheir asset. As I mentioned tthey statement that we will eittheyr get to or even exceed tthey return that we've earned as a lender against ttheir property is based upon tthey trailing 12 months of income -- tthey last 12 months of income in 2018 in particular. That can change of course. But again we think we are on a good path towards continuing to increase tthey cash flow of ttheir asset. We've certainly experienced that over tthey past 24 months. And tthey plans that we have for ttheir hotel we think will contribute to even a little bit of furttheyr growth in tthey operating income of tthey hotel. Jamie Henderson And Doug it's Jamie. I'll just go to pound that just a little bit. So, as Tae-Sik mentioned really good trajectory for cash flows and I think it's really important to kind of put ttheir into context of our portfolio. Once we lever tthey asset our exposure theyre is pretty small. So, even if ttheyre is a little bit of lull, it's -- we don't consider it meaningful. Doug Harter Okay. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Tthey financial that you showed for tthey hotel is that from March 8th through tthey end of tthey month? So, we don't have a full quarter of numbers? Tae-Sik Yoon Correct, correct. So, that really represents that sub-period for tthey third quarter starting March 8th through tthey end of tthey quarter. Jade Rahmani So, I think that tthey yield based on your prior presentation was about 7.25%. So, multiplying that by your basis $38.6 million, should imply about $2.8 million of NOI from tthey property. Is that what we should think about? Tae-Sik Yoon Well, I think -- again it's hard to extrapolate any short periods because ttheyre is seasonality week-by-week, month-by-month, and certainly season-by-season. So, I would say 2018, tthey net income for tthey property was significantly above that number. It was really right around $4 million of net income before FF&E reserve, again that's 2018. But again ttheyre is seasonality involved quarter-to-quarter. Jade Rahmani Okay. And in terms of tthey renovation plan, I mean I believe that Normandy had put in significant renovations over tthey past four years. I've actually been to tthey hotel because my wife works for a company nearby and ttheyy had tthey annual holiday party ttheyre. But what kind of renovations are you planning to do? And how much do you expect to spend on a per room basis or in ottheyr areas? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. So, again, wtheyn we made ttheir loan back in tthey summer of 2015, ttheir was really a loan to theylp renovate tthey asset. So, while it was made by tthey prior owner, it was all -- much of that was done during our period of being a lender in ttheir property. So -- and what we've said in tthey past obviously is that, tthey timing that we think it's taken for tthey hotel to benefit from those renovations has taken longer than what we all had expected. I think going forward, tthey type of renovations that we're planning on doing primarily relates to tthey ballroom areas. So if you're familiar with tthey property and that's 2600 square feet, very flexible, ttheyre's a number of rooms that make up to 26000 square feet, but it's really that ballroom in terms of carpet, walls ceiling treatment that we'll be spending some significant dollars on. And again ttheir is all in a CapEx reserve that we have already built up. We being us and prior owner have been building up. So tthey majority of tthey cash -- in fact I think almost all of tthey cash necessary for that ballroom renovation is already in a FF&E reserve account. Q – Jade Rahmani Okay. I was going to say what's tthey estimated holding period? A – Tae-Sik Yoon So, I think tthey only estimate holding period that we have at ttheir point to really say is we don't expect to put ttheir on tthey market in tthey next 12 months. We think tthey hotel is continuing to grow and continuing to benefit from tthey work that's been done and will be done going forward. And so we think, it's in our best interest to complete that work continue to grow RevPAR as well as NOI and ttheyn look to sell tthey property. Obviously, we're not a long long-term holder of ttheir asset. But given that tthey performance is going well and is continuing to improve, we think we're best off not immediately sign ttheir asset, but continue to complete tthey business plan, complete tthey renovation plan and sell with higtheyr NOI in place. A – Jamie Henderson So Jade and I'll build on that just a little bit. It's Jamie Henderson. So we look at ttheir asset in tthey context of Ares has extensive multi-decade experience as an owner/operator and an investor in hotels as Tae-Sik mentioned. So we feel very qualified to analyze tthey property, tthey operations. Cash flows are ramping. We think ttheyre's meat on tthey bone in terms of revenue and expenses. So we think, we're really well positioned to do what Ares does really well, which is improve real estate and improve cash flows. But I also think ttheir is a great opportunity for me to introduce David Roth, who is tthey Head of our U.S. Equity Business. David's an industry veteran. He's been on tthey equity side of tthey business for more than 30 years and was recently a Senior Managing Director at Blackstone wtheyre I think they did in excess of $20 billion worth of real estate equity transaction. So I'd like to give David a minute to just articulate their thoughts on tthey asset and their perspectives on tthey way we can ramp cash flow. A – David Roth Yes. Thanks Jamie. I think my mic was off, so I'm not sure you theyard me ttheyre. Thank you, Jamie. And thanks Jade and nice to meet you. Thanks for tthey question. As Jamie mentioned, tthey Ares team including myself have very deep experience developing and owning Marriott-branded hotels along with ottheyr hospitality brands in both tthey value-added capacity and an opportunistic capacity. We've got very deep domain expertise in ttheir area having owned over 60 hotels and we have investments that are very close to ttheir hotel. So we know tthey market fairly well. I think it's really important to note that in recent past, we've been one of tthey largest developers of Marriott products. So we have a very, very close and good relationship with Marriott. So as I think about tthey asset, I always think about things like what is your basis, what are tthey things you can do to improve cash flow et cetera. Ttheir deal we really think tthey basis is at a good level at $87000 a key. We like that basis. Tthey team has reviewed tthey asset and we feel confident in our collective ability to improve profitability and tthey overall value of tthey asset over time. And basically that's through an opportunity to increase cash flow in tthey ways that have been talked about. So ttheir is just to say that tthey ACRE team and we on tthey equity side, plan to partner on ttheir asset, through tthey life of ttheir asset to ensure we get tthey best execution on tthey strategic plan and ultimately on tthey future sale. Ryan Tomasello Okay. Great. Thanks for all that color. Ttheir is actually Ryan swapping in for Jade. Thanks, guys. And just one last quick one. You mentioned tthey LIBOR floors on tthey portfolio. I was wondering, if you can give us what tthey average floor was across loans that have one? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. It's 1.48%. And if you need to have more details, we do have a little bit right up in our 10-Q on that information, but it's 1.48%. And as we mentioned 92% of our loans do have LIBOR floors. And so what – and tthey reason it's at 1.48% is if you look at our more current loans we will generally try to set LIBOR floors at whatever tthey current LIBOR is today. And so wtheyn we talk about 1.48% obviously we've had a – last 12 months to 24 months we've had rising LIBOR. So some have been set at lower LIBOR floors, but that's wtheyn LIBOR was lower. But overall right now as of March 31 2019 it's 1.48%. Ryan Tomasello Got it. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Rick Shane Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. And again, look a lot of questions have been asked about tthey property. But just like to understand sort of tthey game ttheyory theyre, both from tthey Ares perspective and from tthey sponsor perspective of wtheyre you wound up. Ttheir loan was on repayment to fall back in June. It was cured in September and now you've taken title. I'm curious, why tthey sponsor would choose to let that happen given tthey investment ttheyy've made at ttheir point and why from a relationship perspective you guys would seek that outcome and frankly from a game ttheyory perspective have to deal with all tthey questions you're getting from us ttheir morning if tthey property can be resolved in relatively short order? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Rick thanks very much for your question. And again, excellent question in terms of tthey reason why tthey bar would pursue tthey course of action that it did. As we mentioned, ttheir was done in a negotiated transactions so ttheyre was no foreclosure. So ttheir was a, if you want to call it a mutually agreed to transaction with tthey borrower itself. So, again it's hard for us to put ourselves exactly in tthey mindset of tthey borrower. But I can tell you that, I think based on our experience with ttheym ttheir was an asset that was owned by multiple group of borrowers and not just one manager or one investor, but multiple investors. I think those multiple investors may have had different interests in what ttheyy wanted to do with ttheir hotel. Ttheyy also had different priorities of cash flow associated with ttheir hotel and tthey fact that ttheyy've owned ttheir hotel or were – had interest in ttheir hotel for a relatively long time in vehicles that we're also in existence for a very long time. So without getting into two particulars, as we've mentioned we did give ttheym a six-month extension from June to December. And ttheyn wtheyn December came, we all sort of net and we felt that it was in tthey best interest of everybody for us to take over put in what we would say, as tthey renewed interest and effort that we are going to be making in tthey hotel. And so we felt we were in tthey best position to continue to complete tthey business plan for ttheir hotel complete tthey renovations on tthey hotel continue to grow tthey cash flow. And we felt, we would be in a better position to do that than tthey former borrower. But it is as you – as you implied it's an unusual situation, because tthey loan as we mentioned has always been current. And in tthey majority of those kinds of situations as you would know a lender would typically extend tthey loan tthey borrowers would typically extend tthey loan and ttheyy would continue to work things out particularly wtheyn tthey relationship is friendly and particularly wtheyn tthey property continues to show growth and tthey property most importantly continues to meet that service. So we really appreciate tthey question, because I understand from your perspective, it maybe a bit of a theyad scratctheyr. But at tthey end of tthey day, we did feel that we could have pursued tthey option of extending tthey loan furttheyr and not having to show ttheir property as REO. But we still feel tthey best decision for us was to take ownership and full control of ttheir asset. Rick Shane I appreciate that. Some of – well go atheyad Jamie. I apologize. Jamie Henderson I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off. Yeah. So wtheyn you find yourself in ttheir situation as a lender, you're really analyzing a variety of paths that you can take with an asset. And we're theyre to maximize shareholder value. And we're going to execute on tthey path and tthey plan that maximizes shareholder value. And, in ttheir case, it was a very amicable transaction which makes it a little easier. But I'll come back to tthey fact that, we like tthey asset, we like tthey location we really like our basis. Its cash flowing double-digits to our -- what we think will be our levered position. And we think ttheyre's meat on tthey bone. And tthey last sort of bit is, just to reiterate, Ares has great in-house domain expertise in -- particularly in Marriott-branded full-service hotels. So, I would kind of leave you with that thought, that we analyzed every path that we could take with tthey asset and we think ttheir one is tthey best. Q – Rick Shane Got it, no it's interesting. I don't think I'm in tthey position to assume it's a good or a bad outcome. But to Tae-Sik's point it's an unusual outcome in tthey context of what we're all used to looking in. So that's why it's worth exploring sort of tthey back entrée. I appreciate it guys. Thank you. A – Jamie Henderson Yeah. And we've seen ttheir. And most of tthey folks theyre have been in tthey industry for 20 to 30 years. You can see a lot of idiosyncratic behavior at tthey end of a fund's life. I mean ttheyre are moments in time particularly if ttheyre is more than one fund in an investment, that ttheyy may be at odds with regard to advancing fresh capital. And sometimes it's as easier for ttheym to give back tthey keys. So, it's not always what we would perceive as purely rational economic behavior. Ttheyre are a bunch of externalities that drive it. Q – Rick Shane Yeah. It's funny that comment. It totally makes sense, but at tthey same time it seems like a somewhat irrational decision. And definitely makes you scratch your theyad a little bit. Operator Ttheyre are no ottheyr questions at ttheir time. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Jamie Henderson for closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Thank you. I want to thank everyone for ttheyir time today. We look forward to speaking with you again, in a few months on our next earnings call. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through May, 15, 2019, to domestic callers by dialing 1877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088.  For all replays, please reference conference number 10129708. An archived replay will also be available on tthey webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Resources section of our website. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.