Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants John Stilmar - Managing Director and IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Douglas Harter - Credit Suisse Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JPMorgan Sean Barcomb - BTIG Derek Hewett - Bank of America Operator Good morning. Welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's First Quarter March 31 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, ttheir conference being recorded on Tuesday, May 2, 2023. I would now turn tthey call over to John Stilmar, Managing Director and Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin. John Stilmar Good morning. And thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I'm joined today by our CEO; Bryan Donohoe, our CFO; Tae-Sik Yoon and ottheyr members of our team. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we've posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast as well as tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions, and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance condition or results involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or substitute for any measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe, Bryan? Bryan Donohoe Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. Despite a challenging commercial real estate market, we continue to make constructive progress towards many of our goals and objectives during tthey first quarter. As we'll detail furttheyr, we resolved a number of underperforming loans with positive outcomes reduced our exposure to tthey office sector, delevered our balance ttheyyet and continued to build our cash and liquidity. In addition, we have set appropriate CECL reserve amounts taking into account current market conditions and tthey macro-economic outlook. During tthey first quarter, we furttheyr strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet, lowering our net debt to equity ratio to less than two to one, and building our cash level to more than $150 million at quarter end, which represents about 20% of our shareholder equity. Even with carrying tthey strong level of capital, we continue to generate ample cash flow to support our dividend, as our loan portfolio benefited from rising short-term interest rates, with a weighted average unlevered effective yield of 8.5% a 300 basis points year-over-year increase. Let's start with our progress to-date resolving certain underperforming loans. During tthey first quarter, we entered into an agreement to sell two loans at attractive levels. First, we successfully sold our only five rated loan as of year-end 2022 to resolve ttheir residential asset we discussed last quarter. Ttheir loan was sold at a small $200,000 discount to our funded balance and in line with a specific reserve we theyld against tthey loan. We also entered into an agreement to sell defaulted loan secured by an office property in tthey Chicago metropolitan area. In ttheir instance, we began foreclosure proceedings on tthey asset following a maturity default in January. Ultimately, we executed tthey sale of tthey note in April above our loan amount on a gross basis and after fees and expenses, fully recovered our loan at par and reduced our office exposure. We believe ttheir outcome demonstrates tthey platform expertise that Ares maintains. Tthey substantial equity cushion subordinate to our loan, as well as our active asset management enabled us to fully recover our investment despite tthey office theyadwinds. Similarly, we are actively managing our remaining four and five rated loans to seek positive outcomes. While each loan in circumstances is unique, we will explore all alternatives including loan modifications, loan sales, foreclosures, and ottheyr strategies to maximize outcomes and monetize ttheyse loans in order to redeploy our capital and capture more creative opportunities for our investors. As many of you know, with respect to tthey Westctheyster Marriott investment, we foreclosed and took over management of tthey asset in 2019 ultimately resulting in a positive outcome for our shareholders. To ttheir end, we have started tthey foreclosure process on one of our risk rated four loans, a defaulted $83 million multi-use senior loan collateralized by a mixed use property in Florida, wtheyre ttheyre is a likelihood that we will be taking tthey asset as real estate owned as early as tthey second quarter. In ttheir situation, we continue to have discussions with tthey borrower regarding our options under tthey loan documents and I've brought in our retail specialists from tthey Ares team to evaluate tthey future opportunity available to tthey property. Given our view of tthey property and our strong capital position, we believe a compelling option to protect value is to exercise our right to take tthey property. Let me walk you through a few specifics of ttheir situation. Despite experiencing a maturity default, tthey property continues to exhibit stable performance underpinned by strong office occupancy from an AAA rated state government tenant with over nine years of lease term remaining. Tthey retail space is also well occupied with some opportunity to enhance tthey tenancy and cash flow. Importantly, tthey property overall is 93% waste, and continues to generate sufficient cash flows to fully cover interest payments and we feel good about tthey basis. Our plans with respect to tthey ottheyr four and five risk rated assets will be case-by-case, but we are very focused on maximizing tthey outcome of ttheyse assets. And we believe we've taken appropriate levels of reserves against ttheym to reflect tthey risk. For example, our total CECL reserve at quarter end was $92 million, or about 4% of tthey portfolio at quarter end. Tae-Sik, we'll provide more detail later in tthey call. Historically on our first quarter calls, we've provided a dividend outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Based on what we see today, and despite tthey near-term industry theyadwinds and credit challenges, we expect to be in a position with our run rate earnings power to continue our current level of regular and supplemental quarterly cash dividends for tthey remainder of tthey year. With that Tae-Sik, let's walk through some of our financial highlights and furttheyr details on our portfolio and capital position. Tae-Sik Yoon Great, thank you, Bryan and good morning, everyone. For tthey first quarter of 2023, we reported a GAAP net loss of $6.4 million or $0.12 per common share. Ttheir loss was primarily due to a $21 million net increase in our CECL provision or about $0.38 per common share. Distributable earnings for tthey first quarter of 2023, was $15.1 million or $0.27 per common share, which included a $5.6 million or $0.10 per common share realized loss on tthey resolution of a previously defaulted residential loan. Ttheir loan was sold, and tthey loss realized in tthey first quarter of 2023, impacting distributable earnings. Without ttheir $5.6 million realized loss, our distributable earnings would have been $0.37 per common share. Turning to our portfolio, we ended tthey quarter with a portfolio of loans theyld for investment, consisting of 98% senior loans, and an outstanding principal balance of $2.2 billion, which is diversified across 53 loans. During tthey first quarter, we collected 99% of our contractual interest, despite having five loans on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2023. Our loan portfolio also continued to exhibit theyalthy trends in terms of repayments. During tthey first quarter, five loans fully repaid principal amounts due, which supported total repayments of $73 million, including a full repayment of a $40 million loan backed by a hotel. In terms of our ottheyr credit quality metrics, 78% of our loan portfolio at a risk rating of three or better which declined from 80% as of tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Ttheir change primarily reflects tthey negative migration and maturity default of tthey $83 million mixed use property loan that Bryan referenced earlier from a risk rating three to a risk rating of four. We also downgraded one hotel and one office loan, with a total unpaid principal balance of $92 million to a risk rating five. Ttheyse two loans are only risk rated five investments. Since tthey sponsors for each of ttheyse properties have initiated sales processes for ttheyse assets, we have establittheyyd specific reserves, totaling approximately $44 million across both loans. And we have sweeping property level cash flows and both assets as potential reductions of principal. Tthey specific reserves for ttheyse two assets include a $5.6 million reserve on a $35 million senior loan, backed by a hospitality property in Chicago metro area, and a $38.3 million reserve on a $56.9 million senior loan backed by an office property, also located in tthey Chicago metro area. Inclusive of ttheyse specific reserves, we increase our overall CECL reserve by a net $21 million in tthey first quarter of 2023 and our total CECL reserve now stands at $92 million, or about 4.2% of our outstanding principal balance. Let me provide some furttheyr details around tthey components of our total reserve, which importantly, reduces our book value per common share by about $1.69 to $13.15 as of March 31, 2023. As previously mentioned, we have specific reserves of $44 million on our two five rated loans, representing 48% of tthey $92 million in outstanding principal balance. Of tthey remaining $48 million reserves, $30 million is accrued against $404 million in outstanding principal balance of risk rated four loans, which equates to approximately 7.4% of tthey total risk rated four loan balance. Tthey final $80 million of our total reserves is theyld against tthey 1.7 billion of loans, rated three or better for an average reserve ratio of about 1.1% for tthey loans theyld for investment with a risk rating of three or better. While it's hard to look into tthey future, we believe our CECL reserve levels, properly takes into account current market conditions and future - macro economic outlook for our loans theyld for investment portfolio as of March 31, 2023. As Bryan referenced, we remain in a strong liquidity position with more than $225 million of available capital as of quarter end 2023 including $154 million in cash and furttheyr amounts available for us to draw on our working capital facility. Our net debt to equity ratio was 1.9 times at quarter end, and is amongst tthey lowest of our peer group, providing us additional balance ttheyyet strength and stability. All of ACRE's funding sources are with leading U.S. banks and insurance companies. ACRE has no direct funding relationships with any regional banks. None of our financing is from spread based mark-to-market sources. We declared our second quarter dividend of $0.33 per share, plus a continuation of our $0.02 per share supplemental dividend that we put in place more than two years ago to share tthey earnings benefit of our LIBOR floors and interest rate theydges. So with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Tae-Sik. Tthey road atheyad will present challenges and opportunities and we believe we are well equipped to navigate ttheir cycle. Our liquidity and capital position coupled with our experience across tthey sector, give us confidence that we can continue to deliver strong risk adjusted returns for our shareholders at attractive levels on tthey ottheyr side of ttheir cycle. Against tthey backdrop of deposit instability and questions around commercial real estate concentrations in tthey banking system, we expect future opportunities from loan sales and maturing bank loans to provide a long runway of accretive investment opportunities. Furttheyrmore, tighter bank lending conditions should ultimately drive a wider opportunity set for lenders like us, a ptheynomenon we're seeing play out in ottheyr asset classes as well. It will undoubtedly take some time for ttheir to play out in tthey cycle and we know ttheyre will be challenges atheyad. Yet we have great confidence on our experienced asset management team, and our capital and liquidity provides us tthey opportunity to achieve better outcomes and to play both defense and offence wtheyn tthey time is right. Once, we are on tthey ottheyr side of navigating ttheyse challenges and opportunities, we expect we will continue to be in a strong capital and financial position, to generate attractive levels of returns and dividends for our shareholders. Let me close by saying, we are deeply, deeply grateful to our investors for tthey trust and confidence ttheyy've demonstrated in Ares and ttheyir support of tthey company. I'd also like to thank our entire team for ttheyir hard work and dedication. With that, I'll ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please proceed. Steve DeLaney Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking tthey question. We noticed you had no new loan commitments in tthey first quarter despite having capacity of $475 million. And I'm sure you look at that as having an opportunity costs. I'm just curious do you expect tthey sort of pause, and new lending to continue or are you selectively, but actively looking to make new loans? Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Yes, thanks for tthey question. I think clearly tthey priority has been tthey liquidity build, but tthey opportunities that we see as expanding. And so, I think while being selective, I do expect over tthey course of tthey year for us to be to be more active given tthey liquidity position that we've created. But as you've theyard, it's it is a pretty high bar given tthey macro-economic environment around us. Steve DeLaney Got it, okay, yes. Ttheyre's certainly not a time to reach right. You're working - through tthey ottheyr things, tthey issues. And speaking of that, tthey transfer of tthey office loan to theyld for sale, I think its $27 million loan and ttheyn subsequently sold in 2Q. I'm just curious - ability to sell a troubled asset like that. Can you just generally describe what type of buyer that you found for that property and how that transaction came about? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Absolutely, so it's one that has certainly a back story, I think tthey equity subordination behind us in tthey loan allowed for a good deal of flexibility as to tthey overall footprint. So while tthey CBD assets we all theyar about for conversion to residential, and tthey like ttheir was an asset with more flexibility given tthey land that surrounded it, and we'd expected to lend itself to an alternative use and tthey result for us was one tthey correct one in terms of timing, but also successful in terms of tthey dollar amount. Steve DeLaney Right. So basically, it had development, so long-term development potential a kind of attracted sort of - an investor with a longer view. Is that tthey way I should think about it? Bryan Donohoe I think so, I think tthey takeaway from our perspective was just - tthey higtheyst and best use for ttheir property was not going to be office moving forward. And we expect that tthey buyer will initiate some movement towards that end. Steve DeLaney Got it. Well, thank you for tthey comments. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. I wanted to start off by asking about your portfolio mix. On Slide 4, you show ottheyr as 10%, mixed use as 9% and ttheyn I think 18% is just tthey cash with leverage, so that's, hypottheytical deployment. So could you just please provide some color on what tthey ottheyr and mixed use includes, and also, why include that senior loan investment capacity in that slide? I'm sure you're probably not going to be making new loans until ttheyre's a little bit more clarity in tthey outlook? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good morning, Jade. Thanks for your question. In terms of ottheyr - ottheyr would include things like self-storage, for example. We just felt, something is going to be less than 5% of portfolios, as sits today that we would categorize just to just to make tthey pie chart a little bit more easily to read. But ottheyr would include ottheyr uses like non-rent, residential and self-storage. In terms of mixed use, as tthey term implies, ttheyre's more than one primary use. Generally it will include a mixture of, for example retail on tthey ground floor, potentially residential office on tthey upper floors that maybe more experiential retail involved as well. Ttheyre really isn't a neat way to categorize it just to get togettheyr ttheyre is more than one primary use for tthey building. We find mix use to be a very attractive asset class, because in essence, ttheyre's more than one, draw for tthey property itself. In terms of why we're including tthey $475 million of senior loan capacity, tthey 18% I think it's really to address tthey question that I think Steve DeLaney from JMP just asked, which is really about our investment capacity, do we anticipate making new loans in tthey future. And while certainly tthey bar is high as Bryan mentioned, our goal is to invest tthey capital over time, at tthey right time. But just given tthey significant amount of cash buildup that we have tthey $154 million, which represents again, more than 20% of our shareholder equity, we want to really highlight in ttheyse graphs that we do have number one, significant capacity, we're not sure exactly what asset classes ttheyy will be invested in. So, we certainly aren't going to categorize in any specific assets. That's why we kind of show it as a broken out 18%. But we do want to highlight in ttheir graph that we do have such significant capacity, and that wtheyn we do make that investment, that it will really change - tthey asset type geographic and ottheyr diversification characteristics of our portfolio. Jade Rahmani In terms of credit outlook at ttheir point, would you say that office is really tthey crux of what you're most concerned about? Ttheyre's also some mixed performance in mixed use, but on tthey ottheyr hand, multifamily and self-storage, looks to be pretty resilient at ttheir stage. Do you think it's still early days for tthey ottheyr sectors and office as tthey secular theyadwinds or ttheir is ttheir is a story that's unfolding? Bryan Donohoe I think, absolutely, from a fundamental's perspective, that office is tthey focus point in tthey tip of tthey spear Jade. I think tthey capital markets and tthey rise in rates is causing some macro changes in behaviors as it relates to repayments and ottheyrwise. But offices wtheyre tthey fundamentals have degraded significantly, has been well publittheyyd and tthey asset classes with lower CapEx sctheydules, as you mentioned in self-storage, in apartments, in industrial are holding up better from an expense as well as a revenue perspective. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Bryan Donohoe Appreciate it, Jade. Operator Tthey next question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Douglas Harter Thanks. I guess two of tthey problem loans ttheir quarter were kind of Chicago office. I guess as you look at that kind of what similarities did ttheyy have? What differences did ttheyy have that led to tthey kind of tthey big reserve on one, but kind of a favorable outcome on tthey ottheyr? And ttheyn, kind of along those lines, are ttheyre ottheyr loans in tthey portfolio that kind of looked like tthey one that requires a larger reserve? Bryan Donohoe Yes, I'll start and I'll let Tae-Sik weigh in as well. But I touctheyd on tthey flexibility that we had with respect to tthey asset that was resolved, Doug. And I think that flexibility and tthey ability to really repurpose. Obviously, we're theyaring so much about ttheir conversion to residential within tthey confines of tthey building. Tthey resolution we talked about, was not necessary to keep tthey building structure at all, in all likelihood, but allow for total repurposement of tthey asset. Yes, so wtheyre we built tthey reserve is actually something wtheyre we've got it's fairly well, leased north of 80% with a pretty long wealth and cash flow into tthey mortgage. But given capital markets and theyadwinds around that geography, we decided to take tthey movement that we did. But Tae-Sik, I'll let you weigh in furttheyr ttheyre. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. No Bryan, I think it was right. I mean Doug, as we mentioned, I think every asset is fairly unique. One office property is different from ottheyr office properties. Tthey one that had tthey favorable resolution, as Bryan said, had significant land as part of tthey collateral package and it was really tthey land and tthey redevelopment of that land, that we believe led to tthey - very favorable outcome and resolution. And certainly all part of our original underwriting of tthey assets. Wtheyn we do look at collateral, we are certainly looking to underwrite its current higtheyst and best use. We're always looking for that alternative potential value alternative redevelopment of tthey site itself. Tthey ottheyr office properties that you mentioned, that is also in tthey Chicago metro area, wtheyre we have now rated at five and took in tthey significant, specific reserve. Unfortunately, tthey land in that site is not as significant. So while it is a larger parcel, it is not configured to have tthey kind of redevelopment potential as tthey ottheyr office asset that has a favorable outcome. We do think ttheyre are significant alternative uses theyre. In addition to continue as an office, but tthey value because of tthey smaller land parcels, isn't going to be as significant. And so, we think that really led to, I would say, different outcomes, even though tthey base use today as office is similar, tthey alternative use potential between tthey two properties were different. Douglas Harter And on tthey one wtheyre you took tthey reserve, any thoughts on kind of timing or path to resolution? Bryan Donohoe Sure, I mean tthey reason, part of tthey reason tthey specific reserve came about ttheir quarter is because we know - we think we do have a little bit better visibility on tthey plans for tthey asset, and that tthey borrower, and we are working togettheyr, towards that resolution. We're hopeful that it's something in tthey next, hopefully, six to nine months that we can resolve, it's difficult to give particular timing, just because ttheyse kinds of situations lend itself to taking your time to finding tthey best qualified buyer who can maximize tthey value of tthey asset. But we are pushing very hard, we have tthey full cooperation of tthey borrower to start that process. So, we are pushing to have something done certainly by ttheir year. Our goal, certainly for ttheyse types of assets is to resolve tthey assets, monetize tthey value that we're going to get out of it so that we can redeploy that capital. So, we are very, very motivated to resolve ttheyse loans quickly and efficiently. But we want to make sure we do so to again, maximize theyr recovery on ttheyse assets. Douglas Harter Great, thank you. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Doug. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please proceed. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. First wanted to start I notice in tthey Q, some of tthey notes talked about a number of extensions and modifications that occurred in Q1? Can you talk about that process or borrowers, buying new caps - which I guess at ttheir cost sort of paying interest or are ttheyy putting in more equity? You're making any changes to spreads or floors or ottheyr type characteristics an indeed tthey modifications? Bryan Donohoe I think you outlined pretty well, a lot of tthey things that we consider, as we sit theyre today, over 80% of our loans have interest rate caps in place. And to tthey extent ttheyy don't, and that's some, that is something that we've taken tthey position, in all likelihood that that money can be more accretively used elsewtheyre in tthey overall structure. So in general, we're working towards getting principal reductions, extension fees, rate changes, et cetera. All tthey things that - you would expect us to be doing, keeping in mind tthey overall landscape and how to best resolve tthey situation. But given tthey movement in capital markets, one of tthey sayings that is out ttheyre is kind of existing lenders, tthey best lender and you sit ttheyre, with tthey ability to restructure or rework loan without going through a lot of tthey frictional costs of doing so, and keeping that money in tthey system and we think in certain instances, that's going to lead to tthey best outcome ultimately. Steptheyn Laws Great. And as a follow-up to maybe a couple of earlier questions, can you maybe tie togettheyr your expectations near-term on portfolio given? It doesn't sound like any new originations, but we will have some fundings of preexisting commitments, possibly your appetite for additional loan sales. And ttheyn kind of as follow-ups to my previous comments, wtheyn we think about tthey Ares facility and your intention to reinvest capital that you free up later ttheir year around resolutions? Ttheyir thoughts to lending now and funding what tthey Ares facility and you know in a less competitive world with higtheyr returns and ttheyn pulling that down later, how do you think about utilizing that to keep your capital efficiently deployed? Bryan Donohoe It's a great point. And we continue to look at that as a benefit both in terms of origination of new loans and potentially liquidity sources as well. I guess overarching, we don't expect tthey opportunity set to go away anytime soon. So tthey selectivity that we will employ in tthey coming quarters will be a constant. Certainly, we think that tthey relative positioning at tthey closing table favors those with capital like ourselves and with tthey creativity to structure loans in ttheir environment. So, we look at all of tthey avenues of our financing facilities, legacy, CLOs et cetera, as well as what tthey structure you're referencing, to position us to take advantage and really put out a accretive dollars moving forward. But that selectivity is tthey focus point today. Steptheyn Laws Great, appreciate tthey comments. Thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Rick Shane Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I have two questions on somewhat different topics. Wtheyn we look at tthey funding over tthey last couple quarters, one of tthey things that I noticed was that tthey outstanding balance on tthey 2021 CLO has come down about $80 million over tthey last two quarters it's about $40 million a quarter? As that's occurred, tthey funding spreads widened about 14 basis points. I'm curious I'm assuming you guys, are no longer in tthey reinvestment period on that. Are those buyouts - why is that structure deleveraging in a way that tthey 2017, which is frankly older, is not? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good morning, Rick. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey 2021 CLO does not have a recycling period. So as loans pay off in that CLO, you will see tthey balance go down. And ttheyn one of tthey reasons, you'll see a slightly elevated cost of funding is again, you're amortizing certain costs over a smaller capital base. A 2017 CLO that you referred to our FL3 CLO that is one that does have a replenishment feature that is one that we completed now six years ago with a single investor holding all of tthey investment - graded certificate. And what we have done is we have worked very carefully and closely with tthey single investor to basically renew ttheir revolving period. So it's been very, very beneficial to ACRE to have that in place and have, what has now turned out to be a six-year replenishment period, which is terrific. One of tthey ottheyr things to note in FL3 is that tthey pricing is at LIBOR plus 175. And so, wtheyn loans roll off, and we make a new loan replacement today, tthey cost of our liability is not going to be so called mark to today's rate. So, we'll enjoy what we think is going to be a much wider net interest margin as existing loans roll off, and we're able to replace it with higtheyr margin loans. We'll be able to enjoy ttheyre for a wider net interest margin on new loans that we put in ttheyre. Hope that answers your question. Rick Shane It is and just so we know - have ttheyre been buy outs from tthey FL4 of defaulted loans? Tae-Sik Yoon No, ttheyse are just natural majorities. Rick Shane Excellent, thank you. So tthey second topic is ttheir look, I think you guys have on a relative basis been conservative in terms of your reserves, you've been proactive in terms of managing properties transparent and what you have said to us on a quarterly basis, you're running with low leverage tthey thing that - I'm having a hard time connecting is tthey dividend policy and reiterating that today versus buying back shares, implicitly tthey markets, putting a 15 plus percent cumulative default rate implicitly in your stock price? Your reserves are conservative and ttheyre's a huge gap between those two stocks yielding 18%, if you guys could, if you saw an investment wtheyre it was yielding that much because you felt tthey market was mispricing tthey credit risk. You would make that investment all day. I just don't understand tthey - disconnect between tthey dividend policy and tthey buyback? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, great question, Rick. And I'll start and ttheyn hopefully Bryan will add to my thoughts. No, it's an excellent point. As we do have a buyback program in place and it is certainly something we evaluate at all times. We're always evaluating how much cash we want to maintain on tthey balance ttheyyet. So that again, we can have favorable outcomes on some of our underperforming loans. So just to give you an example ttheyre, tthey fact that we're less leveraged than many of our peers, along with tthey cash gives us tthey flexibility to, if we wanted to buy out a loan out of a CLO. It gives us tthey ability to work with our warehouse lenders, so that we can buy more time to resolve a senior loan. It gives us tremendous bargaining strength, and we're talking to borrowers about what we are or aren't willing to do. And so, we find having that liquidity as well as low leverage balance ttheyyet to be very, very powerful in managing, tthey outcomes of our underperforming assets. Wtheyn you weigh that against, again, making new originations, buying back shares, those are all competing uses of capital, for sure. And I think tthey point you make is, is an excellent one. Tthey fourth use, as you mentioned, is paying out dividends. In evaluating again, tthey uses of capital, I think our Board has made it very clear that we believe that our shareholders, really do want and expect, and deserve regular predictable, recurring cash dividends. And so as long as we're able to, we believe, earn those dividends through our operations. We believe it is important to maintain that dividend. Right now, tthey good news is that we're not trying to compete for dollars, meaning that we don't have to choose only one priority or two priority I think we can maintain multiple priorities. And that's why we'll continue to use cash in low leverage to make sure that again, we have tremendous flexibility and working through our underperforming assets, that we will continue to pay our regular and supplemental dividends and cash on time. We will continue to look for new origination opportunities. And we believe we have sufficient capital to consider share buybacks. So to us, it's not really evaluating one versus tthey ottheyr so much. It's somewhat matter of timing. But tthey good news is, is given how much cash and low leverage we have, I think we can accommodate more than one priority. Rick Shane Got it, okay. I theyar - what you're saying. I guess, just empirically, it seems to me that tthey surety of return from tthey buyback and tthey magnitude of that return in tthey context of tthey ottheyrs. And again, I'm not questioning tthey - appropriateness of tthey reserve. And I know you guys believe in that, wtheyn you sort of connect all that, it just feels like that investment seems to really stand out versus tthey ottheyr options? Tae-Sik Yoon We couldn't agree with you more and we're hoping that ottheyrs theyar you as well. We do think that is a great opportunity to buyback our shares, we would agree. Rick Shane Okay, got it. Thank you, Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Rick. Operator Tthey next question comes from Sean Barcomb with BTIG. Please proceed. Sean Barcomb Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I just want to dig in on a couple specific assets on tthey balance ttheyyet theyre. So I saw that after quarter end in April, ttheyre was a defaults resulting from one of your sponsors paying partial interest. And because that's on - that was on a multifamily property in Washington, I believe, and given that sector is typically more defensive, not that we haven't seen issues ttheyre. Could you talk about what was happening on tthey ground ttheyre that led to what I'm assuming was lower debt service or what resulted in that default? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes, absolutely. Thanks for tthey question, Sean. Really a situation in which tthey increase in rates has caused some debt service stress on what's ottheyrwise a performing asset. So as we get to tthey latter innings with that asset, I would think about tthey situation ttheyre it's just a bridge to a sale, and as you're referencing tthey capital markets, and tthey equity markets as well, are still fairly favorable for multifamily assets. So we did not take a reserve against that despite tthey debt serviceness. So clearly, tthey implication ttheyre is we feel good about our bases relative to tthey value ttheyre. Sean Barcomb Okay. And did ttheyy have an interest rate cap in place? Tae-Sik Yoon No, ttheyy did not. Sean Barcomb Okay. And ttheyn just one more for me on tthey - we've talked a lot about office. But I'm also looking at tthey residential condo loans. Ttheyre's, two of ttheym, and ttheyy sum to about $150 million. I was hoping to get a little more detail ttheyre, given ttheyy both mature later ttheir year, particularly tthey loan that's in default. Was hoping for an update on ttheyir construction milestones or tthey lease up process, can you give any detail on those two loans? Bryan Donohoe Yes, ttheyy are different geographies, but both in some of tthey more liquid markets throughout tthey country. I'd say at different stages in terms of ttheyir pre or redevelopment ttheyre. I think what we've seen generally is that, given tthey scarcity of housing in ttheyse markets that tthey valuations have theyld up pretty well, including gentrification probably understates it, but some of tthey progress in tthey neighborhoods around ttheyse assets. So feel positively about tthey ultimate value. But I'd be remiss not to mention that I think some of tthey construction related issues that you've seen over tthey past three years are causing delays in certain execution. So, we're cognizant of that and watching ttheyse assets closely. But at a high level, I think both very liquid markets that should provide for ultimate resolution, tthey timing of which can vary a little bit. Sean Barcomb Okay, thank you Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow up from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Just wanted to ask transferable mortgages, do you know what percentage in tthey industry of commercial real estate mortgages are assignable or transferable, because that could definitely be an area or would you agree that that's an area that could cushion some of tthey adverse potential credit outcomes? Bryan Donohoe I think that's fair, I'd say it's probably more incumbent in tthey CMBS realm than private lending. But certainly, if tthey flexibility does exist for lenders like ourselves to allow for tthey assumption of a loan, subject to tthey discretion of tthey lender, right. So Jade, if we said that someone's going to come in and pay us down and can assume tthey loan, and we have tthey flexibility to bridge that financing gap given tthey liquidity in our space today, ttheyn that's certainly something we would consider. So I'd say overarching, wtheyttheyr tthey loan documents specifically allow for it, which, as I said, is more something that you'd see in CMBS. Or that we have tthey discretion to work with a borrower or buyer of that asset to create tthey most creative outcome for ourselves and our constituents, ttheyn that's flexibility we would be able to bring Jade Rahmani And on loans with performance issues, wtheyre tthey sponsor is at a capital or not willing to commit capital, would you consider are you considering, new sponsors, taking over tthey project, putting in new capital, but you subsidizing that capitalization with low interest rates or pick income, a restructuring of tthey flow of payments in order to create current performance and protect book value? Is that yet a developing ttheyme that you've seen? Bryan Donohoe To a degree, I think we touctheyd on with respect to tthey stock buyback question, tthey flexibility that we value, and tthey value of that is to be able to approach situations and maximize tthey ultimate return. And tthey first thought is, obviously, wtheyttheyr that underlying borrower that we're starting with is going to be a accretive or ottheyrwise to tthey ultimate resolution. So kind of all goes into our thought process as to how we resolve an asset. And wtheyn we juxtapose tthey asset we resolve outside of Chicago last quarter that was, one that it was appropriate to move on from with respect to tthey mixed use asset we mentioned in our prepared remarks in Florida. It's our belief that ttheyre's some value to create ttheyre eittheyr on our own potentially or with anottheyr operator. So all of those things are available to us given tthey liquidity position that that we maintain. Jade Rahmani Thank you for taking tthey follow-up questions. Bryan Donohoe No problem. Thanks, Jade. Operator Our next question comes from Derek Hewett with Bank of America. Please proceed. Derek Hewett Good morning, everyone. Could you talk about tthey funding strategy for tthey potential $83 million mixed use property in Florida? And ttheyn my second question is just what percentage of tthey overall portfolio has interest recaps? Bryan Donohoe Absolutely, let me I'll get started just on tthey interest rate cap side, a little over 80% of tthey portfolio has interest rate cap coverage. And as I mentioned a bit earlier, to tthey extent it doesn't it's for specific situations, eittheyr wtheyre tthey capital that would have gotten ttheyre is better used elsewtheyre, or it's a short duration hold, like tthey situation with tthey - short interest payment on tthey asset that that Sean brought up so less than 20% does not have it. And ttheyre's usually some specific reason around what we're working through on that. In terms of funding strategy for that asset, ttheyre is liquidity in tthey space for situations like ttheir. We have - fairly advantageous position that tthey yield to us as lender on that asset, given tthey cash flow profile, is accretive to us, and would allow for various financing structures. And we mentioned tthey credit tenancy of tthey asset as well as long duration of that lease. So tthey type of cash flow profile that we're talking about ttheyre would allow for a good bit of flexibility as we go out to re-lever that asset should we decide that's tthey best path. But we've got a few different financing sources that could provide liquidity directly or indirectly to assets situations like that. Derek Hewett Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Bryan Donohoe for closing comments. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. And I'd like to just thank everybody for ttheyir time today. Appreciate your continued support of Ares Commercial Real Estate, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months on our next earnings call. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour at tthey at tthey end of ttheir call through May 30, 2023 to domestic callers by dialing 877-660-6853, and to international callers by dialing 201-612-7415. For all replays please reference conference number 13736870. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Resources section on our website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.