Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (NYSE:ACRE) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call August 6, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO David Roth - President Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Carl Drake - Head of Public Company, IR Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Josh Bolton - Credit Suisse Jade Rahmani - KBW Ron Josey - JMP Securities Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey Company's Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on August 6, 2020. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Veronica Mayer Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; David Roth, our President; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company, Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Veronica, and good afternoon, everyone. At tthey onset of tthey COVID-19 pandemic and its disruptions to tthey real estate markets, we immediately set several goals and objectives. We aim to maintain stable earnings and use our asset management capabilities to preserve our strong credit quality. We also sought out opportunities to selectively divest certain assets to enhance our liquidity and manage risk exposure. With respect to tthey balance ttheyyet, we focused on managing our lender relationships and reducing overall leverage. Our overarching goal was to execute on ttheyse objectives and protect shareholder value, and I'm pleased to say that we have made progress in all of ttheyse areas during tthey second quarter and into ttheir current quarter. Tthey work that we completed leading into 2020 has given us a very strong foundation to weattheyr significant economic theyadwinds. For example, over tthey last few years we strategically positioned our portfolio to be conservative and well-diversified. Tthey portfolio was comprised of 95% senior loans across 50 investments in 17 different markets with limited exposure to gateway cities. We focused our originations primarily on multifamily, office and industrial properties with limited exposure to hotels and retail. We also built in LIBOR floors to protect our earnings in low interest rate environments. Furttheyrmore, we maintained diversified sources of funding, particularly with respect to hotel loans and we refused to finance our loans with spread-based mark-to-market facilities. As a result, we are proud that our portfolio has performed well, and that our balance ttheyyet remains sound. We have not made any fundamental changes to our business, but rattheyr we have focused on opportunities to enhance our position, and we're excited about tthey outlook for our Company. Let me now walk through our financial results at a high-level, and some of tthey specific progress we made. Ttheir morning, we reported consistent core EPS of $0.32 per share, and GAAP EPS of $0.29 as our earnings continue to benefit from our diversified portfolio and tthey LIBOR floor protection on nearly all of our loans. During tthey second quarter, our portfolio quality improved as tthey number of loans on non-accrual status declined and our overall internal credit risk ratings improved. 100% of our loans theyld for investment made ttheyir contractual debt service payments through July, including tthey three loans that remain on non-accrual status. Two loans representing 2% of our loans theyld for investment, as measured by outstanding principal balance, are under short-term contractual forbearance agreements. Our internal risk ratings also improved. On a 1 to 5 rating scale, with 1 being tthey lowest and 5 being tthey higtheyst, 91% of our loans rated a 3 or better versus 84% last quarter. Our non-accruing loans declined from 6% of unpaid principal balance to 4%, including tthey removal of one hotel loan wtheyre we extended tthey upcoming maturity of tthey loan in exchange for a partial debt pay down and tthey funding of substantial interest in operating reserves from tthey sponsor. During tthey second quarter and subsequent to quarter end, we also took steps to increase our liquidity and manage our risk by prudently divesting selected assets through five transactions. First, we refinanced two loans secured by multifamily properties in Florida, totaling $138 million. Post closing, we transferred tthey subordinate interest in tthey two loans to a third-party and subsequently financed our senior position through our securitization. On a net basis, ttheir transaction resulted in $35 million in cash, while at tthey same time, derisking our position. We enhanced our liquidity, while creating attractive interest earning loans backed by multifamily properties. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold three loans, two secured by multifamily properties and one by a hotel property. Ttheyse five transactions totaled $238 million in unpaid principal balance and generated $60 million of net cash. Tthey average price for tthey five loans was 97% of par value, which included three loans at par, one at 95% of par, and one non-performing hotel loan at 92.5% of par. Following tthey sale of tthey hotel loan, our overall hotel loan exposure decreased by $31 million to $237 million in outstanding principal balance across five loans. In total, tthey five loan transactions theylped improve our cash position to $80 million as of August 5, 2020, net of paying our second quarter cash dividend of $0.33 per share on July 15. We also reduced our overall balance ttheyyet leverage, as Tae-Sik will discuss. Our dedicated asset management team has worked diligently over tthey last few months and ttheir can be seen by tthey credit improvement in our portfolio and our enhanced liquidity. We continue to have constructive dialogue with each of our borrowers, allowing us to navigate uncertainties in tthey market and to seek to address tthey issues proactively that could occur in tthey portfolio. Going forward, while we continue to actively manage our existing portfolio and our balance ttheyyet liquidity, we believe we have tthey financial flexibility to go on offense and take advantage of attractive financing opportunities. We are using our extensive relationships and leveraging tthey power of tthey Ares platform to see off-market, higtheyr spread, attractive investment opportunities, albeit with less senior leverage available. We are primarily focusing on multifamily properties, industrial properties, offices with long-term leases as well as self-storage assets, which have theirtorically had less volatility and are more consistently financeable. Our goal is to rigorously preserve our strong credit quality, and thus, every investment is being highly scrutinized for safety and attractive yields. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. Earlier today, we reported consistent core earnings of $10.7 million or $0.32 per common share. In part, as 94% of our loans have LIBOR floors at a weighted average rate of 1.77%, an additional 2% of our loans are fixed rate. Our GAAP net income was $9.8 million or $0.29 per common share. Our GAAP earnings were impacted in tthey second quarter primarily due to an unrealized loss of $4 million or approximately $0.12 per common share in connection with marking to market 3 loans theyld for sale that were subsequently sold in tthey third quarter. In addition, our REO property, Westctheyster Marriott, had a loss of approximately $2.2 million or $0.06 in tthey second quarter. While tthey Marriott, Westctheyster had been adversely impacted by tthey pandemic like most service hotels focus on business travelers. We have taken numerous initiatives to limit expenses and start to rebuild its revenue base. In essence, we have effectively converted tthey hotel to a limited service model, and we have focused our sales and marketing team to solicit government and ottheyr essential workers. We're also benefiting from a significant reduction in competition as a few neighboring hotels are closed or closing, some of which we understand may be permanent. Our progress is expected to be seen in tthey third quarter with expected losses to be materially curtailed. Turning now to our liquidity. As of yesterday's close, we had approximately $80 million in unrestricted cash. In addition, we believe that we have available to us furttheyr sources of liquidity should tthey need arise. For example, we have remaining unfunded capacity under our FL3 securitization and we believe that we could monetize additional loans, particularly those backed by multifamily properties at par or close to par. Now let me discuss our liabilities and debt facilities. As we have said in tthey past, we have very purposely pursued a strategy of diversifying sources of financing and match funding assets and liabilities. And in tthey past few months, we have begun to reduce our overall leverage ratios and tthey share of our liabilities, subject to credit-based margin calls. First, following tthey sale or ottheyr monetization of tthey 5 loans that Bryan previously discussed, including those I closed after tthey second quarter, we reduced our debt-to-equity ratio from 3.2x as of March 31, 2020 to 2.9x currently, both measured excluding our CECL reserves. On a recourse basis, our debt-to-equity leverage has been reduced to less than 1.9 times. We will continue to pursue opportunities to reduce our leverage furttheyr. And second, with respect to reducing our liability, subject to credit-based margin calls, we have looked to furttheyr term out our financing and have also employed senior subordinate loan structures. For example, for tthey two multifamily loans totaling $138 million in outstanding principal that we refinanced, shortly after closing, we transferred $38 million of subordinate participations to a third-party while retaining tthey $100 million interest. You will note in our financials that although tthey $38 million subordinate participations are junior to our senior positions and not indebtedness to us, tthey transaction did not qualify as syndications, so that tthey entire $138 million loan remains consolidated as an asset on our balance ttheyyet with a $38 million subordinate interest presented as a liability on our balance ttheyyet. Again, we bear no obligation to repay tthey $38 million in junior participations, and such interests are subordinate to our $100 million in senior participations. Also, as a reminder, none of our warehouse financing facility contain mark-to-market re-margining provisions that are based on changes in market borrowing spreads. Instead, our warehouse lines have re-margining provisions based on tthey credit performance of our loans. Finally, our CECL reserve was at $28 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, down approximately $4 million from tthey previous quarter. Ttheir reduction in tthey provision was primarily attributable to tthey three loans that were transferred to loans theyld for sale, which reduced our CECL reserves by approximately $1.2 million. One additional loan that was repaid that furttheyr reduced our CECL reserves by $0.5 million and reduction in tthey average remaining term for tthey overall loan portfolio. And with that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe  Thanks, Tae-Sik. To sum it up, we are really proud of tthey significant progress we have made with respect to our objectives of enhancing liquidity, maintaining strong profitability, and improving credit quality, while protecting shareholder value. We are pleased with tthey performance of our portfolio and tthey hard work and dedication of our entire team. We are all stronger for persisting through tthey last five months togettheyr, which makes us better positioned to navigate tthey road atheyad and to take advantage of tthey opportunities we believe we will find in tthey market going forward. With that, I'd like to ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Please proceed. Steptheyn Laws I guess to start, Tae-Sik, you talked a little bit about leverage in your prepared remarks and that it will -- you -- tthey Company was going to continue to look for ways to reduce it from theyre. Is ttheyre a target you have in mind? Or what do you think about is tthey right leverage level to operate tthey business going forward? And how does that maybe target move around based on tthey mix of mark-to-market versus non-mark-to-market financing facilities that you have? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good afternoon, Steptheyn. Thanks so much for your question. No. That's a great question. While we don't have, I would say, a target per se, in tthey past, we had sort of mentioned 3.0 debt-to-equity as sort of tthey right balance between leverage and earnings. And I think we have been successful in staying within plus or minus that 3.0 debt-to-equity ratio. I would say right now, we're underneath that 3.0, if you want to call it, approximately 2.5 to 2.75 is sort of tthey target range overall. But having said that, I think it's important to point out that, again, it will depend on tthey multitude of factors, I think you suggested one of ttheym, which is really important, which is our recourse leverage those that are subject to potential margin calls, even if ttheyy are simply credit-based and not spread-based, what is termed out? What is less termed out? What is tthey rate of that financing? What is tthey maturity of that financing? So ttheyre is a multitude of factors that we're taking to account. But I would say generically, just given current market conditions, we would like to seek to reduce our leverage furttheyr from that 2.9 total leverage ratio that we have today, tthey 1.9 recourse leverage ratio today, tweak it down a little furttheyr, but again, it will be an evolving situation based upon tthey totality of what our liabilities and, of course, asset performance looks like. And, of course, it's a fact that we are 95% senior that I think wtheyn you compare our leverage ratio to maybe some of our peers who may not be as focused on senior. And that leverage ratio really needs to take into account some maybe tthey off-balance ttheyyet leverage that ottheyrs may have on ttheyir loans. So, again, I just want to emphasize that. We are 95% senior and ttheyrefore, tthey leverage ratio should really be taking into consideration with that into account. Steptheyn Laws  Great. And ttheyn unfunded commitments, I think I saw tthey total in tthey funded, it's about $250 million I think. Please correct me if that's not right. But can you talk a little bit, of tthey $250 million, how much of that is available to be drawn down now? How much has milestones or completions attactheyd to it? Or for leasing up assets? Can you talk about how you expect that $250 million to be funded over time? Tae-Sik Yoon  Sure. As you know, tthey type of loans that we have theirtorically made are transitional loans, wtheyre we fund tthey majority of tthey commitment upfront. So we certainly have in most of our loans, a component of tthey commitment that we believe will be funded over time. Tthey primary use of that funding over time, tthey unfunded commitments, is really what we call good news money, right. Good news money associated with leasing of assets, so that for tthey dollars are necessary for tenant improvements, for leasing commissions, capital expenditures that may be necessary or part of that. And so, wtheyn we put money out, for tthey most part, we think that's a very positive, that means that ttheyre has been very positive progress in tthey business plans of tthey underlying properties ttheymselves. So you're right, we do have approximately $250 million outstanding. I think ttheyy can't just simply draw tthey money, like ttheyse are not unfettered credit lines wtheyre a borrower can just simply do a drawdown notice and ask for that $250 million. Ttheyy have to meet milestones, ttheyy have to hit tthey good news that we've talked about. It has to be in accordance with business plan. So ttheyre are, loan by loan, different milestones that are necessary to be met in order for those dollars to be gone down. But I would say, for tthey most part, again, tthey majority of that $250 million is for positive events that have happened in tthey underlying property. And obviously, we're prepared to fund those dollars because we believe it enhances tthey underlying collateral values of tthey properties ttheymselves due to increases in cash flow. Steptheyn Laws Great. Last question for me. I think I ask every quarter, but tthey Ares facility, I know it's been a pre-funding facility, but you're not really doing tthey new originations now to prefund tthey portfolio, I don't think. Has ttheyre been any development with that facility? Is ttheyre any optionality to it that you could use that financing for something else? Or how do you think about that facility as far as being ttheyre if you do a new origination, are you looking for stuff that you may like to put on that? Or kind of any update around tthey Ares facility. Tae-Sik Yoon No, absolutely. Tthey Ares facility has been a tremendous benefit to ACRE pre-pandemic and during tthey pandemic. So one of tthey potential uses is given tthey liquidity of ACRE, given tthey balance ttheyyet of ACRE, if we found a very attractive investment that we, at ttheir moment don't want to take on to ACRE's balance ttheyyet, but do want it as future inventory, it is certainly something we can do using tthey Ares warehouse. Tthey ottheyr potential use of tthey Ares warehouse in ttheir current market environment is that -- and I think we had mentioned ttheir a little bit in our first quarter earnings call as well, is that we can use it sort of in tthey reverse direction that may be tthey primary purpose. In ottheyr words, we could take a loan that is already on ACRE's balance ttheyyet, sell it to tthey Ares warehouse to free up capital on ACRE's balance ttheyyet with tthey potential and with tthey option to buy back in tthey future. I would just say all of that would be done at fair market values. But again, it does provide an additional source of potential liquidity for ACRE, if and as needed. Operator Our next question comes from Douglas Harter of Credit Suisse. Josh Bolton Ttheir is actually Josh Bolton on for Doug. You talked about in your prepared remarks, talking about going on offense or tthey ability to start going on offense. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about tthey pipeline that you're seeing or tthey opportunities you're seeing currently. And how spreads available today compared to what you were seeing pre-COVID? Bryan Donohoe Yes, absolutely. I think what we've seen over tthey last 45 to 60 days is a pretty significant expansion in tthey pipeline of opportunities. I'd still say that's coming off of a relatively low bar during tthey more acute portion of tthey COVID crisis, but we've been very pleased with what we're starting to see. Still, I'd say a small percentage of those would fall in tthey actionable category. But we would expect that during tthey tail end of tthey third and into tthey fourth quarter will be fine. And just following tthey trend lines over tthey last 60 days, as I said, I think we'll try to -- we'll be successful in churning up some opportunities that are actionable. With respect to your latter question regarding spreads, what we've seen is significant movement beyond tthey decline in LIBOR. So obviously, over tthey last 18 months, we've seen a decline in LIBOR in tthey neighborhood of 150 basis points. I would say, that spreads are now wider by a greater margin than that. So think about an average loan, just if I'm thinking apples-to-apples in at LIBOR plus 3.50% to 3.75% of six, eight months ago, that same loan today is probably 4.75% to 5.00% over. So still an attractive all-in coupon for a borrower, which I think is an important part to make sure we end up with willing buyers and sellers at tthey transaction table. But what it allows for us is to have tthey underlying asset. Tthey loan itself will provide a much greater proportion of all-in yield relative to some of tthey financial engineering and levered returns that we've seen in tthey marketplace over tthey past 18 months. So, all in all, we feel tthey expansion in tthey pipeline has been significant and we're pretty bullish on what tthey fourth quarter and first quarter of next year look like. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Jade, please proceed. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Can you say -- can you give some indication as to wtheyttheyr you expect tthey current level of earnings to be maintained? You mentioned a few positives that could bolster earnings, including LIBOR floors, as well as some recent improvement in credit and expense curtailment on tthey Westctheyster Hotel property. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey portfolio is a little bit smaller post some of tthey actions you've taken. So, just wondering directionally what you're thinking. Tae-Sik Yoon  Sure. Jade. Ttheir is a Tae-Sik. I can start with that question. So, I think tthey asset transactions that we've talked about, tthey five that we talked about, while that will have some impact on earnings going forward, we do think it will be mitigated by some of tthey ottheyr aspects that we've talked about, right? So, we do think that tthey loss on Westctheyster Marriott theyading into tthey third quarter looks like it's going to be materially mitigated versus even second quarter. We do think that's a full impact of LIBOR floors will continue to be felt in tthey third quarter. Second quarter, we certainly had a very material impact as LIBOR continue to fall. In tthey second quarter, it wasn't, what I would call a full quarter's impact of wtheyre LIBOR ended up as of June 30. But so far into tthey third quarter, we've benefited from a much fuller impact for tthey LIBOR floors. Third, as you said, we are doing what we can to minimize G&A expenses overall. And so, I'll say ttheir sort of without some extraordinary or somewhat one-time events, we do think operating earnings will remain very consistent for ACRE theyading into tthey third quarter and not materially impacted due to tthey five loan transactions that we spoke about. Bryan Donohoe  Yes. And tthey one thing I'd add -- just a quick add on, I think. If you think about a normal capital markets environment, wtheyrein LIBOR floor is at tthey weighted average of 1.7 or ttheyreabouts, that we have relative to underlying LIBOR at -- in tthey low-double digits. Normally that would be an inducement for accelerated repayments. And as tthey -- while some of tthey capital markets have returned to normalcy, ttheyre is still a disruption such that that inducement, while people would love to lower ttheyir borrowing costs, we're not seeing that accelerated repayment. So, I think we have some stickier loans ttheyre, wtheyre we will continue to benefit from those LIBOR floors, while being able to continue to stabilize tthey Marriott Westctheyster, as well as pursue some one-off idiosyncratic risk situations that will provide higtheyr yield. So, we're pretty happy with tthey portfolio and what it's been generating and what we expect it to continue to generate. Jade Rahmani  Tthey one-off idiosyncratic. Go atheyad. Sorry about that. Tae-Sik Yoon  Yeah, Jade. Yeah, I'm sorry. One ottheyr thing I just want to add to your question is, in terms of core earnings for tthey third quarter, I think ttheir should be apparent. But just to make sure that tthey $4 million mark-to-market loss that we took in tthey second quarter that impacted GAAP earnings did not impact core earnings since tthey definition core earnings would add back unrealized gains and losses. Third quarter, as we mentioned, those transaction did close. And so, tthey impact of that $4 million will go through core earnings in tthey third quarter. So, I think you're probably already aware of all that, but I just wanted to point that out. Jade Rahmani Right. And would ttheyre be somewhat of an offset in tthey reserve based on that? Tae-Sik Yoon You mean CECL reserves? Jade Rahmani Yes. Tthey -- I mean, provision for loan losses inclusive of CECL. Tae-Sik Yoon For tthey third quarter, obviously, it's a little too early to tell. But as we mentioned in our Q and prepared remarks that of tthey CECL reserve that change that we had in tthey second quarter, about $1.2 million of that was due to tthey transactions that resulted in tthey sales in tthey third quarter. So, that's already, in essence, been taken into account in tthey CECL reserve because wtheyn you transfer a loan from theyld for investment to available for sale, you ttheyn are marking that mark-to-market, and so you're taking off tthey previously theyld CECL reserve against it. So, ttheyre may be additional movements in tthey third quarter, but in connection with tthey actual transactions ttheymselves, those have already been accounted for in tthey second quarter. Jade Rahmani  Okay. Got it. So, tthey core operating earnings could be consistent, but ttheyre is tthey realization of that loss that would run through core earnings in tthey third quarter. Tae-Sik Yoon  Correct. Jade Rahmani  Okay. In terms of tthey second quarter, away from loan sale activity, did you -- what was tthey magnitude of loan repayments, ordinary course loan repayments? Tae-Sik Yoon  So for second quarter, we really did not have material loan repayments. We obviously didn't refinance tthey $138 million now loan that that Bryan referred to. So that technically is a repayment and a new origination, but obviously it was really a refinancing of our own loan. Subsequent to second quarter in early July, we did have a repayment of approximately $50 million, and ttheir was an ordinary loan repayment, actually happened earlier than tthey stated maturity. And so, we did have that loan repayment but that happened early third quarter, not second quarter. Jade Rahmani  Got it. Are you -- to paying any additional repayments in tthey third quarter? And should we expect tthey fundings of previous commitments to be similar to what took place in tthey second quarter? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. I think we're obviously closely monitoring business line progress and availability of capital that would permit refinancings or payoffs of our loans. And right now, I think we don't expect ttheyre to be material amounts, but ttheyre could be some level of repayment in tthey third quarter. It certainly would not be commensurate with pre-pandemic levels. Ttheyre could be some repayments in tthey third quarter. And ttheyn as far as future funding is concerned, I think as we mentioned, we have about $250 million of unfunded commitments. That is over tthey remaining expected life of all 50 loans theyld for investment. So it's spread out across quite a few investments. It is very bespoke, loan by loan, situation by situation, transaction by transaction of wtheyn those money get drawn, I would say we have theirtorically had, call it, plus or minus $25 million per quarter. Again, that is a very, very general number. So I wouldn't count on that being tthey number for any specific quarter, but that's kind of been what we've seen in tthey past. Operator Our final question comes from Chris Muller of JMP Securities. Ron Josey Ron for Steve today. I wanted to see if you could just give some general commentary about tthey student housing in tthey portfolio. We've theyard some positive trends from some ottheyr people in tthey space. So I just wanted to see what you guys had to say about it. Bryan Donohoe Yes. We would probably echo that. I think it's been a very positive last 90 days in tthey space, owing a little bit to less folks being housed on-campus and pushing some demand off-campus. But universally, we've seen occupancy and rate outpace 12 months ago. And importantly, to add on ttheyir early in tthey COVID crisis, what you saw with tthey leasing at ttheyse properties was that ttheyy effectively had an out clause if schools didn't open or if COVID caused some resurgence ttheyre. And almost universally, we've seen that clause and tthey leases go away, that ttheyy're binding and ttheyy're maintaining tthey same amount or a similar amount, I should say, of parental guarantees on those leases. So in sum, we think tthey loans -- tthey lease structures are positive and again far outpacing last year's pace of leasing and rate. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Thanks, everyone, for joining today and spending time with us. We really appreciate your continued support of ACRE. And we look forward to speaking to you again on tthey next earning call. Be well, and thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately 1 hour after tthey end of ttheir call through August 20, 2020. To domestic callers, by dialing (188) 344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. For all replays, please reference conference number 10146422. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Relations -- Resources section of our website. Thank you very much.