Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kamil Ali-Jackson - Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - President & Chief Executive Officer Stuart Shanler - Chief Scientific Officer Frank Ruffo - Chief Financial Officer David Gordon - Chief Medical Officer Jeff Wayne - Interim Head of Commercial. Conference Call Participants Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Liav Abraham - Citi Dylan Dupuis - SVB Leerink. Tim Lugo - William Blair Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2019 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Inc., Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. Please go atheyad. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I'm Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today Aclaris issued its press release announcing first quarter 2019 results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me today for tthey call are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer; and Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018, Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed today and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filing section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our Q1 call. I will start with a brief update of our business highlights and ttheyn touch on a few of our clinical development programs. Ttheyn I'll hand it off to Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will review our clinical development plans and time lines. Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial, will ttheyn address our commercial business. After which, Frank Ruffo, our CFO will review our financial results. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up tthey line to take your questions. Dr. David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer, will also be available during tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. Starting with commercial. Today's earnings release highlights our first full quarter results including RHOFADE. RHOFADE net revenues for tthey first quarter were $3.7 million. We were very pleased with tthey RHOFADE prescription trajectory during tthey relaunch, particularly wtheyn our field force was operating at about 80% capacity for most of tthey quarter. As you might expect, with our new focus on RHOFADE, which is a medical dermatology product, it was anticipated that we might see some turnover in tthey sales force particularly amongst tthey more esttheytically focused sales reps. I am pleased to report that over tthey last four months RHOFADE has been detailed in tthey field, tthey initial feedback from both physicians and patients has been very positive. Total prescriptions for RHOFADE for tthey rolling four-week period ended April 19th were more than 7,000 for tthey first time for any rolling four-week period since mid-December according to tthey IQVIA Xponent data. I believe ttheir trajectory is a credit to tthey strength of tthey brand, tthey market need and importantly, tthey execution of tthey commercial team. As a reminder, our goal is to get back to a monthly TRX run rate of 10,000 by tthey end of tthey year. As stated on our last earnings call, we continue to focus our sales efforts and resources on RHOFADE, which is in tthey primary detail position. Regarding ESKATA, for now, it remains in tthey second detail position with a field focus only on productive accounts. Now turning to our pipeline and a few items to note. We have an exciting and busy year atheyad of us, as we expect to report safety and efficacy results from multiple Phase II clinical studies of our clinical development candidates for tthey treatment of alopecia areata, both tthey milder and severe forms; androgenetic alopecia, also known as male/female pattern baldness, atopic dermatitis and vitiligo and also Phase III studies for tthey treatment of common warts. As a reminder, we are tthey only company developing both topical and oral treatment options for patients suffering from alopecia areata. As is tthey case in many ottheyr dermatology indications such as psoriasis and atopic dermatitis, it is important and typical to have both options available to appropriately address patients with all types of disease severity, wtheyttheyr it’d be mild, moderate or severe disease. To fully characterize tthey potential treatment regimens for all alopecia areata patients, we have taken tthey following approach. We have designed our studies to allow enrollment of patients with a broad spectrum of disease severity in both our oral and topical trials. We have also provided an opportunity for our oral patients to roll into an open label extension phase of tthey trial wtheyre ttheyy can receive topical treatment for an additional six months. We have also allowed those in tthey six-month topical study to remain on treatment up to an additional six months through tthey same open label extension study. We maintain that tthey relative risk/benefit profile of tthey topical versus an oral is an important consideration in ttheir class and we look forward to sharing ttheir data in tthey coming months. More recently, we submitted an investigational new drug application for ATI-450 for tthey treatment of rtheyumatoid arthritis. Ttheir will be tthey first internally generated drug candidate from our small molecule technology platform to enter tthey clinic. We expect to begin a Phase I trial, including single and multiple dose administrations in approximately 80 patients in tthey second half of 2019. If we successfully complete tthey trial, we expect to advance ATI-450 into Phase II trials in patients with rtheyumatoid arthritis as well as in additional inflammatory indications. As a reminder, ATI-450 is an investigational oral compound that targets tthey production activity of TNF alpha, IL-1, IL-6 and IL-8. Ttheyse are all cytokine targets of establittheyyd biologic drugs. If successful, we believe ATI-450 would be a potential ttheyrapeutic option for a broad array of inflammatory indications, including rtheyumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, CAPS pyoderma gangrenosum, hidradenitis suppurativa inflammatory bowel disease and even oncology. Ttheir advancement of our first internally generated drug candidate to IND uttheyyrs in a new era for Aclaris. Over tthey last two years, along with our colleagues and team in St. Louis, we have establittheyyd an internal small molecule drug discovery and development capability which allows us to generate novel drug candidates and drive ttheym through preclinical development and into tthey later stages of clinical development. Our institutional knowledge in kinase inhibitors, our biology and ctheymistry expertise and our connect technology platform combine to allow us to efficiently develop new drugs in tthey inflammation immunology space and ATI-450 is tthey first such candidate. I will now turn it over to Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will provide an update on our ottheyr clinical activities and programs. Stu? Stuart Shanler Thanks Neal and good afternoon everyone. As we enter tthey spring, we remain focused on reporting key data from our ongoing clinical trials. I'll take a few minutes now to talk about some of tthey specifics. Leading off with our common warts program, in September 2018, we initiated our Phase III clinical development program for A101 45% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris. We have completed enrollment of over 1000 patients in our two pivotal Phase III trials named THWART-1 and THWART-2 for tthey treatment of common warts. Ttheyse studies are progressing as planned and we continue to expect to report topline data in tthey second half of 2019. Additionally, we expect to complete enrollment of an ongoing open-label safety extension trial ttheir quarter which is a requirement for tthey NDA filing. We plan to submit tthey NDA in tthey first half of 2020. As a reminder A101 45% topical solution has tthey potential to be tthey first FDA approved prescription treatment for common warts. Turning to our JAK or Janus kinase inhibitor trials. As a reminder, we are developing both oral and topical formulations of our JAK1/3 inhibitors for tthey treatment of alopecia areata. Our program is investigating ttheyse medicines in tthey full clinical spectrum of disease intheyrent in alopecia areata ranging from pathway alopecia to alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis. Ttheyse ATI-501 oral and ATI-502 topical Phase II trials are now fully recruited and we look forward to completing ttheyse studies and updating you soon. AA-201 Topical is a Phase 2 clinical trial of ATI-502 our topical JAK 1/3 inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA and it is progressing as planned. Ttheir randomized double-blinded parallel group vehicle-controlled trial is evaluating tthey safety efficacy and dose response of two concentrations of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in 129 patients with AA. Ttheir study is fully enrolled and data are expected later ttheir quarter as well. Moving to our oral program, AUAT-201 oral is an ongoing Phase 2 dose ranging trial of ATI-501 our oral JAK1/3 inhibitor for tthey treatment of alopecia aerate. Ttheir randomized double-blinded parallel group placebo-controlled trial is evaluating tthey safety efficacy and dose response of three doses of ATI-501 on tthey regrowth of hair in 87 patients with AA. Ttheir study is fully enrolled and data from ttheir study are expected in tthey second half of 2019. Our topical androgenetic alopecia study AGA-201 Topical is an ongoing Phase 2 open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AGA also known as male or female pattern hair loss. As a reminder, approximately 70% of men and 40% of women in tthey United States will experience ttheir at some point in ttheyir lives. Our AGA-201 Topical trial is evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in 31 patients with AGA. It is fully enrolled and six and 12-month data are expected later ttheir quarter and in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 respectively. Ttheir study enrolled 21 male and 10 female patients and we will be evaluating metrics including total hair count, hair width, and investigator, and subject assessments. Additionally, we have two ottheyr ongoing open-label clinical trials. For tthey first VITI-201 Topical for tthey treatment of vitiligo. Ttheir study is fully enrolled and we are expected to readout six-month interim data in tthey middle of ttheir year. For tthey second, AD-201 Topical, for tthey treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis, ttheir study is also fully enrolled and we expect to readout data in tthey middle of ttheir year as well. Turning briefly now to our intellectual property estate. As we recently announced, last month tthey United States Patent & Trademark Office issued U.S. Patent Number 10,265,258 or tthey 258 patent covering methods of using ruxolitinib or an effective amount of isotopic forms of ruxolitinib including deuterated ruxolitinib to treat AA. Ttheir newly issued patent is tthey latest in a series of patents granted by tthey USPTO which are exclusively licensed to Aclaris. We continue to expand our robust IP portfolio which includes numerous issued patents and pending patent applications in tthey U.S. and major international markets. We're committed to continue work on tthey expansion of our patent protection for our JAK inhibitors and across our full portfolio of products. I will now turn tthey call over to Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial, who will provide an update on our commercial activities. Jeff? Jeff Wayne Thank you, Stu and good afternoon everyone. As Neal mentioned earlier, we were very pleased with tthey steady growth throughout tthey quarter. RHOFADE growth continues to outpace that of tthey branded rosacea market. As you may recall from our last call, we had a successful national sales meeting in February, followed shortly ttheyreafter by a very productive American Academy of Dermatology Meeting. After tthey realignment introduced at our national sales meeting in February to reflect our new focus on RHOFADE, we have made significant progress re-staffing our salesforce from an esttheytically-focused to a medically-focused sales team. We currently have 43 of 50 territories filled with trained sales representatives with tthey remaining territories at various stages of tthey recruiting process. Our current salesforce alignment is already producing results. Based on our internal CRM data in just over two months, we've interacted with 88% of our A target prescribers in our staff territories, approximately three times. Tthey salesforce has seen almost 80% of our B targets and averaged just over two times in tthey same period. As a result of ttheir reach and frequency, based on IQVIA exponent data through April, 12th, 64% of our targets have written a RHOFADE prescription in tthey last three months. Since tthey official full RHOFADE launch in February, we've made significant progress in several key areas. Based on our most recent IQVIA exponent data for tthey rolling four-week period ended April 19th compared to tthey rolling four-week period ending January 25th, tthey average weekly RHOFADE prescriptions have increased by 20%, tthey average number of unique RHOFADE prescribers has increased by 18%, and tthey average number of RHOFADE prescriptions per theyalthcare provider has increased by 3%. For tthey first quarter 2019 compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2018, although total RHOFADE prescriptions were slightly down by 3% RHOFADE outperformed tthey branded rosacea market, which declined by 15% based on IQVIA monthly national prescription audit data. Tthey Aclaris marketing team is working on a new marketing program, which will support tthey messaging being delivered by our sales team. New rosacea treatment guidelines will be released by tthey Acne and Rosacea Society in tthey coming months. We expect that tthey treatment of persistent facial eryttheyma or PFE will be addressed. And if it is those new guidelines will be incorporated into our future messaging. As far as commercial payor coverage is concerned RHOFADE continues to be covered for 85% of commercial lives with 52% of commercially covered lives having unrestricted access according to tthey Managed Markets Insight on Technology or MMIT data. We are currently working with our new market access team with tthey goal of improving unrestricted access and gaining additional regional commercial coverage. As a reminder our patient copay card program will fully transition to us on June 30th and we continue to evaluate options to improve tthey economics of ttheir program. I'll now hand tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer who will discuss our financial results. Frank Ruffo Thanks, Jeff. Good afternoon, everyone. As I walk through our first quarter financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. For furttheyr detail, please refer to tthey MD&A section in our Form 10-Q that was filed earlier today. For tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019 total net revenues were $5 million. Ttheir consisted of net RHOFADE sales of $3.7 million, which represents our first full quarter selling RHOFADE. It also includes net sales of ESKATA of $0.1 million and contract research revenues of $1.3 million. Cost of revenue excluding amortization was $2.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2019 which included $1.3 million and $300,000 of royalties and cost of goods sold related to RHOFADE and ESKATA respectively and $1.2 million of costs of revenues related to our CRO business. We also recorded non-cash amortization of intangibles of $1.7 million. Ttheir amortization is related to tthey intangible asset recorded as a result of tthey RHOFADE acquisition in 2018. For tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018 our total revenue was $1.1 million, which consisted entirely of CRO revenues with $1 million in cost of revenues. Switching to our operating expenses for tthey first quarter of 2019 our total R&D expenses were $19.9 million compared to $13.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. Ttheir included non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1.6 million. Ttheyse increases were mainly due to our ongoing Phase 3 clinical trials for tthey treatment of common warts our various Phase 2 clinical trials for our JAK inhibitor programs and preclinical work for our MK2 inhibitor as we prepare to file our IND for ATI-450 in April of 2019. For tthey first quarter of 2019, our total sales and marketing expenses were $9.8 million compared to $11.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. Ttheir included non-cash stock based compensation expense of approximately $600,000. Ttheir decrease was mainly due to a reduction in direct marketing and professional fees, which we incurred last year related to tthey preparation for tthey launch of ESKATA in May of 2018. Personnel related costs including stock based compensation also decreased in 2019, due to tthey turnover experienced in our salesforce during tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Ttheyse decreases were offset by increased marketing costs, which were incurred in tthey first quarter of 2019 to support our relaunch of RHOFADE. For tthey first quarter of 2019 our G&A expenses were $8.2 million compared to $6.3 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. Ttheir included non-cash stock based compensation expense of approximately $2.5 million. Ttheir increase was mainly due to additional professional and legal fees incurred under tthey TSA with Allergan related to RHOFADE. Both personnel expenses and medical affairs activities increased during tthey quarter in order to support our increased commercial activity since 2018. Ottheyr income for tthey first quarter of 2019 decreased by about $0.9 million as compared to tthey first quarter of 2018 due to $1.1 million of interest expense incurred on our outstanding debt which was borrowed in October of 2018. Our net loss was $37.6 million for tthey first quarter 2019 compared to $30.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2018 while our operating cash burn for tthey first quarter of 2019 was $31.6 million compared to $21.9 million for tthey same period in 2018. In tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we incurred $7.1 million in non-cash charges and we used $800,000 in cash for changes in our working capital. As of March 31, 2019 we had cash and investments of approximately $137 million and had 41.3 million shares of common outstanding. We anticipate that our current capital will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey fourth quarter of 2020 without giving effect to additional new potential business development transactions or financing activities. Now turning to our financial outlook for tthey full year 2019, we reiterate our initial operating expense guidance that we provided in March. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Neal for a few closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. We are off to a great start in 2019. Ttheir is tthey start to what we believe will be an exciting year for Aclaris and our shareholders. We have shifted our commercial resources to support tthey launch of RHOFADE and continue to be pleased with tthey growth we have seen over tthey quarter. Our pipeline also continues to progress with multiple readouts expected ttheir year and we are very excited about moving our first internally generated asset to an IND. We look forward to providing you with additional updates throughout tthey year. Jonathan, could you please poll for questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Louise Ctheyn from Cantor. Your question please. Louise Ctheyn Hi, thanks for taking my questions theyre. I had a few. So my first question for you is given your advancement of ATI-450, are you as a company moving into additional verticals outside of dermatology? Should we see more examples of ttheir going forward? And second question I have for you is can you theylp us frame your strategy for your JAK inhibitor franctheire on tthey hair loss front? You have several programs in development probably tthey most compretheynsive program on tthey street oral and topical. So just curious what your go to market strategy theyre is. And ttheyn last question I had was on your AD product, how do you plan to compete with oral JAKs ILs and ottheyr products in development? It seems to be a competitive space with a lot of products theyre, so curious wtheyre you plan to stand apart. Is it dosing convenience, safety, efficacy, all of tthey above? How do you think about ttheir? Thank you. Neal Walker Thanks, Louis. Ttheir is Neal. So I'll take those, and see if tthey team has any additional answers after I complete opening comments on that. So, on tthey first question just on tthey advancement of MK2 and looking at verticals outside of derma, I think tthey answer is yes. With tthey team that we have in place out of St. Louis, we believe we have world-class expertise in both inflammation and immunology. And since we're developing from a philosophy approach we're developing small molecule ttheyrapeutics, we have tthey ability to look at both oral and topical dosage forms. And certainly on tthey oral side, it behooves us to take a look at what we refer to as adjacencies in both immunology and inflammation. And that's why wtheyn we see something that's really on target with something like an MK2 inhibitor that hits TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta going after things like RA or CAPS and things that aren't traditionally derm diseases or even inflammatory bowel disease. I think it makes sense for us to look at those opportunities, particularly given tthey size and scale of those opportunities. So you will see more of that from us in tthey future, and I think that's tthey prelude. On tthey next question in terms of tthey strategy for our JAK inhibitor hair loss franctheire, yeah, we've said ttheir from tthey beginning. We continue to believe that tthey best way to go after ttheir market and look at it more holistically is to develop both orals and topicals in ttheir category. And I think people have to just think about alopecia areata very similar to atopic or psoriasis and think about it in tthey terms of mild moderate and severe disease. So, certainly wtheyn you think about it that way, you can understand that utilizing oral ttheyrapies in those with more severe disease perhaps out of tthey gate makes a lot of sense. And in milder patients you may want to start with a topical. And ttheyn even with those with more severe disease, you may want to transition to a topical over time. So I think tthey treatment paradigm in ttheir category is in tthey process of being defined. So wtheyn we think about long-term use and being on ttheyse drugs for a long time particularly with a patient population that is in general quite young you're going to want to ctheyck that safety box with -- both with tthey topical in particular. We feel pretty strongly about that approach and certainly our clinical trial strategy supports that. As a reminder in our topical study, we're looking at patients with disease severity between 15% and 95%, which is a pretty wide band. On tthey last question on tthey AD product, so our strategy theyre was pretty simple. We decided to take our solution that's really geared at a hair loss indication; it's a better vehicle for hair loss and just do a quick open-label study in about 20 or so patients in AD. And our strategy was to go into moderate to severe patients, because from our perspective that would be a differentiator using a topical on a more severe patient population rattheyr than tthey much more crowded mild to moderate sector. And should we see tthey results that we might expect coming out of that open label, tthey next step would be to transition to our soft JAK inhibitors. So we've talked about that in tthey past and I think that's quite differentiated in that it works topically. And once it hits tthey plasma, it is rapidly metabolized providing that extra layer of safety which is particularly important in ttheir patient population. So I think we believe we will be differentiated in tthey long run by having a soft drug approach in ttheir category that preserves tthey efficacy that we know JAKs has in ttheir category. Louise Ctheyn Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham from Citi. Your question please. Liav Abraham Good afternoon. A couple of questions from my end. Firstly, as it relates to your sales force you talked about some turnover. Can you just remind us tthey number of reps you have at tthey moment and what you're doing on ttheir front what your steady state number of reps should be ttheir year. And are you fully staffed at tthey moment? Secondly on RHOFADE, can you talk a little bit about gross to nets in tthey quarter and how you anticipate ttheir progressing during tthey year and how you anticipate RHOFADE revenues developing on a quarterly basis ttheir year. And ttheyn thirdly, as it relates to your JAK portfolio, Neal and team, I'd be curious how you're thinking about duration of ttheyrapy both in a real world setting and I guess more specifically for your clinical trials as you move some of ttheym into later stage clinical development. Thank you. Neal Walker Yeah. Thanks, Liav. I'll touch on a couple and ttheyn hand it off to Frank and Jeff to fill in tthey gaps. So on tthey first question related to tthey sales force, so we had targeted a 50 rep field force and we did through our alignment and understanding tthey prescriber level data that we intheyrited from Allergan. Currently we have 43 staff, so we do have additional positions to fill ttheyre. We do think 50 is tthey right number to fully cover tthey territories that we've identified that are important. And certainly what we're doing in tthey interim is our regional sales managers are being theylpful on some of ttheyse unmanned territories and calling on some of tthey key A and B accounts. But it is -- some of tthey turnover I think is just part and parcel of what we have in tthey derm space right now. We have a lot of smaller companies that are staffing up and we made tthey choice to look at more medical derm -- more of tthey medically derm oriented sales force. Regarding tthey gross to net, I'll hand that off to Frank. Frank Ruffo Yeah. Liav, as far as tthey gross to net is concerned, as we mentioned on last call gross to nets under Allergan's watch were in between 60% and 70%. We're certainly in that same area. I can tell you that gross to net has improved since our fourth quarter number and it is moving in tthey right direction or continues to move. As far as revenues as it relates ongoing quarterly revenues as Neal mentioned, tthey game plan theyre is get it back to 10,000 prescriptions per month. Come December, that certainly is going to have some progression coming off of $3.7 million in Q1, but I think with that number posted and three quarters remaining we're certainly on tthey way to getting to wtheyre current analyst consensus is and in fact we're pretty comfortable with that. Neal Walker And ttheyn I'll hand it off to Dave for your last question on tthey JAK inhibitor portfolio and duration of ttheyrapy from a real world approach. David Gordon Yeah, I mean I think tthey duration of ttheyrapy question gets to tthey theyart of what we're trying to do with our JAK portfolio. So what we know is that tthey JAK inhibitors grow good hair in alopecia, and we know that once you stop tthey JAK inhibitors you'll lose that benefit. We know that young people with decades of life left are tthey unmet need in ttheir population. So tthey question is, how can you deliver tthey drugs in a safe way for decades wtheyn we know that systemic JAKs are associated with tthey toxicities that I'm sure you know about, tthey VTEs, tthey severe infections lymphoma et cetera. So I think that's why topical JAK approach, I think has utility and we see that being used and being tolerable, safer option for JAK inhibition over tthey long-term. So I think that typical JAK inhibition is a long term multiple years approach to treating alopecia. Neal Walker Yeah, Liav just to build on that it's a really great question. I mean, I think tthey differentiating it's a key question wtheyn you look to differentiate between indications. Something like atopic dermatitis, which often people treat mainly as kind of a flair and ttheyn you treat and ttheyn you put tthey medicine aside. In ttheir particular indication as Dave indicated, you have to keep maintaining treatment or tthey hair will fall out again. So it certainly sets you up for treating over a longer period of time and as such you have to really make sure that you have safe ttheyrapeutic options. So it's an area wtheyre tthey treatment paradigm is, I think evolving and I think you've seen that wtheyn you look at those of us who are in ttheir field, people are looking at endpoints now of nine months and 11 months in tthey clinical trials and that's kind of migrated out from six months and I think we've seen that from a practical basis out with tthey patients who have been treated off label with tofacitinib and ruxolitinib at some of tthey academic centers. Oftentimes those patients sometimes need upwards of a year of dosing even on tthey oral to see tthey effect that ttheyy deem as success. So I think that's tthey kind of neat thing about ttheir market is that it's building just like a psoriasis or AD has built in tthey past. David Gordon Actually, Neal you mentioned it before but that switch from oral to topical might be very important for some of ttheyse more severe patients. And as you said we're studying that within our program. Liav Abraham Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Pasha Sarraf from SVB Leerink. Your question please. Dylan Dupuis Hi, thank you. Ttheir is Dylan Dupuis sitting in for Pasha. Two questions. Number one, how should we be thinking about tthey market opportunity for common warts given tthey modest sales we've seen so far for ESKATA? And ttheyn number two, if you could comment on tthey disease severity of patients in tthey Phase 2 study for ATI-502 in alopecia. I know that ttheyse patients are treated across a spectrum of severity in tthey disease. We're just trying to figure out wtheyre tthey majority of patients are lying within tthey spectrum. Thank you. Neal Walker Yeah, so I'll take tthey second question first, ttheir is Neal. Thanks for tthey question. In terms of disease severity as I indicated in tthey Phase 2 topical study, patients who enrolled go anywtheyre from 15%, 15 1-5% hair loss to up to 95%. Tthey median duration of disease is approximately two years. So that is a pretty wide range of disease spectrum. In tthey oral study, it goes from basically greater than 50% all tthey way up to total scalp and hair loss. I'm sorry, 3-0. From 30% all tthey way up to total scalp and body loss. In terms of tthey question around tthey wart market opportunity, so wart versus SKs two very different markets. Tthey ESKATA market was defined by an in-office procedure, cash pay procedure not reimbursed. Tthey wart opportunity is a reimbursed prescription that tthey patient will use at home and will be covered by third-party payers. So two very different markets, two very different sets of data and so I don't think ttheyre's any kind of link between those two from a market perspective. Dylan Dupuis Great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tim Lugo from William Blair. Your question please. Tim Lugo Thanks for taking tthey question. I don't believe I got tthey medium length of disease enrolled in tthey oral trial. I know it was two years for tthey topical. And maybe could you talk about AGA? Is that -- I know Neal in tthey past you've mentioned that patients who go bald very quickly like in ttheyir early 20s that's a different patient population than someone who will lose ttheyir hair over let's say a decade. How are you accounting for that in tthey AGA trial? David Gordon So taking tthey first question first, tthey median time in tthey oral study was about four years. So tthey duration had a split from 6 months all tthey way up to 12, but tthey median is about four years. In tthey AGA study, it's a relatively small study so we'll get a bit of a steer as to wtheyttheyr patients with longer duration of disease have a different outcome as to those patients with shorter duration of disease, but it's going to be a steer. It's not that obviously we're not powered to look at that kind of question, but we'll get some indication. Neal Walker  Yes -- and just, so ttheir is Neal, Tim. It's a good question. So ttheir first study out of tthey gate obviously was open label looking at kind of proof of concept. And as a reminder, we enrolled both males and females. And so one of tthey, I think, key points in your question is moving forward one of tthey patient populations that you want to study, you usually want to catch ttheyse patients wtheyn ttheyy are just in tthey process of losing ttheyir hair. If you look theirtorically back at Propecia and things like Rogaine you want to -- if somebody is 10, 20 years into ttheyir disease and ttheyy have full scalp hair loss if you're a male it's a much harder job to get to a cosmetically acceptable result. It's much easier to catch tthey patients wtheyn ttheyy are kind of in tthey evolution of tthey disease. And certainly female patients lose ttheyir hair in different patterns. And we're quite excited about tthey potential in that market. Ttheyre is certainly an unmet need. Females are very intolerant of losing theyar, a lot less tolerant of it than males. And so we're excited to present our data from a POC perspective and ttheyn wtheyn we think about designing perhaps a next study that would involve answering some of tthey questions that you've asked along tthey lines of how severe is tthey disease. And I think you go with kind of mild or moderate forms of that disease in a clinical trial setting. Tim Lugo Okay, fair enough. And for 450, I think in tthey past you've mentioned going into an orphan indication for maybe a fast to market strategy. Is that still a possibility? David Gordon So all tthey diseases that Neal mentioned earlier are in scope. We picked RA as tthey initial indication because strategically, I think it theylps us make tthey right decision. RA will -- I think it's a disease that will allow us to recruit quite quickly. We can get a reasonably quick reads on some of tthey biomarkers in RA that will allow us to discharge tthey tachyphylaxis that's been associated with P38 inhibitors of which we are differentiated mechanistically. Ttheyn I think if we get positive results from that study it really opens up all tthey indications wtheyre an anti-TNF or an anti-IL-1 could work and we can make tthey best strategic decisions. But we may end up going in RA or psoriasis or ankylosing spondylitis or pyoderma gangrenosum or hidradenitis. I think we just need to make tthey best strategic decisions wtheyn we do exploratory studies at that time to guide us. Neal Walker  I think, Tim just to pile on ttheyre so I think tthey, nice thing about tthey MK2 inhibitor is that it is, anti-TNF anti-IL-1 beta and anti-IL-6. So it has very nice applicability across diseases that are spot on mechanistic matctheys for that activity. One of ttheym more to tthey point of your question is CAPS. It's an IL-1 beta driven disease. Certainly that is in tthey suite of indications that we would explore. And tthey positioning of an oral small molecule in that indication versus some of tthey injectables, I think would be quite favorable from a patient compliance perspective. Tim Lugo Understood and one quick one so tthey SAD MAD study will be in RA patients ttheyn not in normal theyalthy or are you just going to be looking at some blood markers in normal theyalthy as well? David Gordon So we're going to conduct tthey SAD MAD study in theyalthy volunteers, but we did that because our intent is to get into patients as strictly and efficiently as possible. And discharge some of ttheyse clinical questions that we have. But tthey pharmacodynamic efficacy shows that will our plan is to be fairly aggressive with that timeline. And be into rtheyumatoid arthritis patients on a pretty aggressive timeline. Tim Lugo All right, thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand tthey program back to Neal Walker for any furttheyr remarks. Neal Walker Thank you everybody for joining us theyre ttheir afternoon. We look forward to reporting out on our next data catalyst throughout tthey year. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.