Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Kamil Ali-Jackson - Co-Founder, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary Neal Walker - Co-Founder, CEO, President & Director Brett Fair - Chief Commercial Officer Stuart Shanler - Co-Founder & Chief Scientific Officer Frank Ruffo - Co-Founder & CFO Analysts Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Adnan Butt - Guggentheyim Securities Timothy Lugo - William Blair & Company David Steinberg - Jefferies Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q1 2018 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. Ma'am, you may begin your conference. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you, Candace. I am Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued its press release announcing first quarter 2018 financial results. For those of you who have not seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me for tthey call today are: Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Powala, our Chief Regulatory and Development Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2017; Aclaris' Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018, to be filed with tthey SEC later today; and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey Financial Information section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Hello, everyone, and thank you all for joining us ttheir evening. I'll start with a brief update on our clinical development programs and ottheyr business highlights. Ttheyn I will hand it off to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer, who will address tthey ESKATA launch. Next, Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, will review our clinical development plans and timelines, after which Frank Ruffo, our CFO, will review our financial results. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open up tthey line to take your questions. Chris Powala, our Chief Regulatory and Development officer, will also be available during tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. As we announced yesterday, last week, we completed tthey ESKATA National Sales Meeting, and we are now officially launctheyd. Anyone who is interested in ESKATA can go to www.eskatahcp.com for more information. Brett Fair will cover ttheir in more detail later in tthey call. On tthey development front, in March, we announced tthey positive update on tthey 3-month post-treatment follow-up portion of tthey WART-203 Phase II trial of A-101 45% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of common warts. We have an end of Phase II meeting sctheyduled with tthey FDA and plan to advance tthey twice-weekly regimen into pivotal Phase III trials in tthey second half of ttheir year. Over tthey last year, we also advanced our Janus kinase or JAK inhibitor programs in alopecia areata, androgenetic alopecia and vitiligo. We have multiple trials ongoing and expect readouts starting in tthey coming months. With regard to our early stage immunology pipeline, we continue to advance tthey development of our selective MK2 inhibitor, portfolio of ITK inhibitors and our portfolio of JAK inhibitors. We recently publittheyyd an article on ATI-450, our MK2 pathway inhibitor, in tthey Journal of Experimental Medicine and are rapidly advancing ttheir asset towards tthey clinic. We remain excited about tthey potential of ttheyse preclinical assets in a variety of indications and ttheyrapeutic areas. I will now turn it over to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer, who will provide an update on our commercial activities. Brett? Brett Fair Thank you, Neal. Good morning -- good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to say that we have officially launctheyd ESKATA. We assembled tthey entire organization last week for tthey ESKATA launch meeting, wtheyre we rolled out our HCP campaign, along with all relevant tools, resources and initiatives. Our team facilitated a highly productive meeting that included KOL panels and dynamic workshops, aimed at delivering on tthey ESKATA opportunity. Tthey team's deep understanding of dermatology and buy-and-bill aesttheytics, coupled with tthey level of excitement and enthusiasm for ESKATA, created a powerful learning environment setting tthey table for a great meaning. We were able to capitalize on a very successful ESKATA early experience initiative and carried that momentum into our launch meeting. Tthey early experience initiative exceeded expectations as we expanded enrollment in response to tthey market demand for ESKATA. We had originally targeted 350 accounts and in tthey end, expanded it to over 700 accounts. We believe tthey success of tthey early experience initiative demonstrates tthey level of interest and excitement in tthey market for ESKATA. Due to tthey tremendous efforts of our sales force, we generated a high number of ESKATA preorders atheyad of tthey launch meeting, and we gained valuable information from our target physicians and patients during tthey early experience initiative. As part of tthey initiative, we conducted both physician and patient surveys, which enabled us to understand how ESKATA delivers on its value proposition. Here's some of tthey takeaways from those surveys: 80% of physicians indicated that applying ESKATA is easy or extremely easy. Physicians indicated it only takes 10 minutes on average to apply ESKATA. And 67% of physicians indicated that ttheyy would be comfortable delegating tthey application of ESKATA to anottheyr trained HCP in tthey office. Tthey patient feedback is also very encouraging. Over 96% of patients said that tthey ESKATA treatment application was easy and completed in a reasonable amount of time. 81% of patients indicated that tthey day after treatment, ttheyy were comfortable enough in ttheyir appearance to go out socially. And 86% said that ttheyy would recommend tthey ESKATA treatment to ttheyir friends. We were very pleased with tthey early market feedback on ESKATA, and we believe it supports tthey value proposition for ttheir product. Following our launch meeting, our commercial team is focused on executing on tthey ESKATA HCP campaign and following through on tthey early experience initiative. Our field force will continue to sctheydule in-service and peer-to-peer programs as ttheyy look to open new accounts and drive ESKATA integration within existing accounts. Our professional relations team will be focused on organizing live patient demos and product ttheyaters at tthey major conferences as well as supporting peer-to-peer speaker programs and webinars. We are very excited about tthey launch of ESKATA and we look forward to building on tthey great momentum of our early experience initiative. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CSO, Stu Shanler. Stu? Stuart Shanler Thanks, Brett, and good evening, everyone. First, regarding our clinical trials of A-101 45% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of common warts. In March of ttheir year, we announced positive results from tthey 3-month post-treatment follow-up evaluation period of tthey twice-weekly Phase II trial, WART-203, of A-101 45% Topical Solution, an investigational new drug consisting of a proprietary high concentration stabilized hydrogen peroxide being developed as a prescription treatment for common warts or verruca vulgaris. Over tthey 3-month post-treatment follow-up period, clinically and statistically significant greater improvements in common wart reduction and clearance versus vehicle were observed amongst subjects treated with A-101 45%. Tthey primary efficacy analysis of tthey WART-203 trial was tthey mean reduction in tthey 4-point Physician's Wart Assessment, or PWA, score. At day 56, tthey change in PWA score on tthey target warts was 0.87 points in subjects who received A-101 45% compared to a mean reduction of 0.17 points for tthey subjects treated with placebo and had a P value of less than 0.001. At day 134, tthey 3-month post-treatment follow-up time point, tthey mean reduction in PWA score on tthey target warts was 1.0 points in subjects who received A-101 45% compared to reduction of 0.39 points per subjects that received placebo. Tthey result was statistically significant with a P value of 0.0004. Secondary and exploratory endpoints of tthey WART-203 trial included tthey following analysis: at day 56, tthey percentage of all treated warts that were clear, or PWA = 0 was 30.2% in subjects who received tthey A-101 45% compared to 9.2% amongst subjects in tthey placebo group, with a P value of less than 0.0001. At day 134, that's 3 months after tthey last treatment, tthey percentage of all treated warts that were clear was 39.2% in subjects who received A-101 45% compared to 17.2% amongst subjects in tthey placebo group, and that had a P value of less than 0.0001. At day 56, tthey proportion of subjects achieving target wart clearance or PWA 0 for tthey target wart was 25.3% amongst those who received A-101 45% compared to 2.6% amongst subjects in tthey placebo group, with a P value of less than 0.0001. At day 134, that's 3 months after, tthey proportion of subjects achieving target wart clearance was 37.3% amongst those who received A-101 45% compared to 11.8% amongst subjects in tthey placebo group, and that had a P value of 0.0002. At day 56, tthey proportion of subjects with all treated warts clear, again, PWA = 0, that was stratified by tthey baseline number of warts treated that was ranging from 1 to 6 warts, was 19% among those who received A-101 45% compared to 2.6% amongst subjects in tthey placebo group, and that had a P value of 0.001. At day 134, tthey proportion of subjects with all treated warts cleared stratified by tthey baseline number of warts treated, again, 1 to 6 warts, was 33% among those who received A-101 45% compared to 7.9% among subjects in tthey placebo group, and that had a P value of 0.0002. Regarding safety, ttheyre were no treatment-related serious adverse events among subjects treated with A-101 45% Topical Solution and it was generally well tolerated throughout tthey entire study. We have sctheyduled an end of Phase II meeting with tthey FDA for tthey first week of July and plan to initiate 2 pivotal Phase III trials in tthey second half of 2018. Turning now to our topical JAK inhibitor program. Our ongoing clinical trials include: our A-202 Topical trial, which is a Phase II clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of alopecia areata. Ttheir trial is to evaluate tthey pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and safety of ATI-502 compared with placebo in 12 patients with AA. It is a randomized double blind placebo-controlled trial and is being conducted at 2 investigational centers within tthey United States. Top line data are expected in tthey first half of 2018. After completing tthey 28-day portion of tthey trial, patients will ttheyn enter a 6-month open label extension during which all patients will receive drug. Our AUATB, that's B for brow, 201 topical trial is a Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AA. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey effect of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of eyebrows in up to 24 patients with AA. Ttheir trial is being conducted at 2 investigational centers in Sydney and Melbourne, Australia, and top line qualitative data are expected in mid-2018. Our AA-201 Topical trial is a Phase II trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AA. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey effect of 2 concentrations of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair on tthey scalp in a randomized double blinded parallel group and vehicle-controlled dose-response study in up to 120 patients with AA. Ttheir trial is being conducted in tthey United States, and data are expected by year-end 2018. Our VITI-201 Topical trial, that's V-I-T-I-201 topical trial, is an ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial for ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of vitiligo. Ttheir trial will evaluated tthey effect of ATI-502 on tthey re-pigmentation of facial skin in up to 24 patients with vitiligo and data are expected in tthey first half of 2019. Our AGA-201 Topical trial is an ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AGA, or androgenetic alopecia, also known as male or female-pattern hair loss, which has just had tthey first patient dose a couple of weeks ago. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey effect of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in up to 24 patients with AGA, and data are expected in tthey first half of 2019. Regarding our oral JAK inhibitor program, our AUAT-201 Oral trial is a Phase II randomized double blinded, parallel group and vehicle-controlled dose-response trial of ATI-501 and oral JAK inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA, which is anticipated to begin in tthey first half of 2018. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey multiple -- tthey effect of multiple concentrations of ATI-501 on tthey regrowth of hair in a randomized double blinded, parallel group, and vehicle-controlled trial in 120 to 160 patients with AA. Ttheir trial is being conducted in tthey United States and data are expected in mid-2019. Turning now to our earlier-stage immunology assets. We are on-track to file an investigational new drug application, or IND, for ATI-450, that's 4-5-0, our oral MK2 inhibitor, in mid-2019. We also expect to file INDs for both our soft JAK and JAK ITK inhibitors in tthey second half of 2019. As you can see, we have multiple programs and trials, both ongoing and planned and we look forward to providing updates as we continue to advance our pipeline. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO, who will provide an overview of tthey financial results for tthey quarter. Frank? Frank Ruffo Thanks, Stu. As I walk through our first quarter 2018 financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. As of March 31, 2018, we had cash and investments of approximately $187 million. We anticipate ttheir capital will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey second half of 2019, without giving effect to any potential new business develop transactions or financing activities. During tthey first quarter of 2018, our total operating expenses were $31.1 million compared to $12.9 million in tthey same quarter of 2017, which included $5 million and $3.2 million of noncash stock-based compensation, respectively. Our net loss was $30.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to $12.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2017. Our operating cash burn for Q1 2018 was $21.9 million, as we incurred $6.2 million in noncash charges and $2.1 million in cash provided from changes in our working capital. R&D expenses increased $5.8 million to $13.6 million for Q1 2018 compared to tthey prior year. Ttheir increase was due to a $2.7 million increase in our JAK inhibitor technology and related programs, a $1.4 million increase in noncash charges, which consisted of a $900,000 fair value adjustment to contingent consideration and a $500,000 increase in stock-based compensation. We also expressed an $800,000 increase in our Phase II trials for tthey treatment of common warts. And finally, a $1.3 million increase for medical affair activities and drug discovery programs that were not incurred in tthey first quarter of 2017. Ttheyse quarter-over-quarter increases were offset by a $500,000 decrease in development expenses related to ESKATA experienced during tthey first quarter of 2018. Selling and marketing expenses increased $9.8 million to $11.2 million for Q1 2018 compared to tthey prior year. Tthey change was mainly tthey result of a $5.8 million increase in direct marketing and professional services in Q1 2018 as we prepared for tthey launch of ESKATA. Ttheyre was also an increase of $4 million in personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation due to increased theyadcount as we essentially completed tthey hiring of our commercial team, including our field sales force in January of 2018. General and administrative expenses increased $2.5 million to $6.3 million for Q1 '18. Tthey increase was mainly tthey result of a $1.6 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation due to increased theyadcount. Also, a $400,000 increase in professional and legal fees and a $500,000 increase in facility, support and ottheyr G&A expenses. With regards to our financial outlook for tthey full year 2018, we reiterate our expense guidance from our last earnings call in March of ttheir year. We do not intend to provide quarterly or annual revenue guidance until we have greater clarity on tthey product launch sales trajectory and key trends underlying product revenue. As a reminder, we expect 2018 GAAP R&D expenses to be in tthey range of $67 million to $75 million, including estimated stock-based compensation of $9 million, and expect 2018 GAAP SG&A expenses to be in tthey range of $80 million to $86 million, including stock-based compensation of $14 million. As of March 31, 2018, we had roughly 30.9 million shares of common stock outstanding, assuming no material issuances of equity, we would expect our full year 2018 weighted average shares outstanding to be about 31.1 million. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Neal for a few closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. It has been an exciting start to 2018. In January, we reported positive Phase II data demonstrating clinically-meaningful clearance of common warts, a difficult-to-treat condition that has no FDA-approved treatments. We also completed tthey onboarding of our highly experienced field force and began driving a successful early experience initiative for ESKATA, tthey first approved treatment for raised SKs. On Monday, we announced tthey official launch of ESKATA. We now have evolved into a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company with a deep clinical-stage pipeline, a broad dermatology and immunology portfolio focused on small molecule ttheyrapeutics and a robust discovery engine. We look forward to updating you on our lunch progress and multiple clinical pipeline readouts throughout tthey year. Candace, can you please poll for questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Louise Ctheyn with Cantor Fitzgerald. Louise Ctheyn I had a few theyre. So first question I had was on ESKATA. Can you give us some more color on tthey key performance metrics that you're going to be providing ttheir year for us to follow that launch? And ttheyn secondly, on ESKATA, how is tthey efficacy of tthey product in your limited sort of trial of tthey product right now compared to what you saw in tthey clinical trial setting? And ttheyn I have a couple ottheyr questions. Neal Walker Okay. Thanks for your questions, Louise. I'm going to hand that over to Brett to address both of those. Brett Fair Great. Thanks. How are you Louise? So in terms of tthey KPIs, yes, well, right now we're focused on tthey early experience initiative. And ttheyn ultimately, we'll start giving guidance a little bit later in tthey year around things like account adoption. That will be obviously a key performance indicator for us as well as tthey productivity within tthey accounts, time to reorder, size of reorders, that will come later in tthey year. In terms of tthey efficacy that we saw in tthey early experience initiative, I think we're pretty impressed by it. Ttheyre's a little bit of a technique to it and ttheyy're able to figure out tthey technique pretty quickly with ttheir. And that's a good sign for us. So tthey efficacy is, it's kind of exceeded our expectations. And we've been pretty pleased with what we've theyard in terms of tthey feedback on how tthey treatment feels. Tthey patients enjoy it, it seems to be a comfortable treatment, we're getting a lot of positive feedback on that. And tthey ottheyr thing is tthey -- tthey providers are having a lot of fun applying it. Ttheyy like to watch it whiten up and see it work. So it's been a pretty fun expense all tthey way around for tthey providers, that we've gotten in tthey hands of. Louise Ctheyn Okay. And ttheyn just on your JAK program, do you have a lot of readout coming ttheir year and into next year as well? But as it pertains to say, over tthey next 12 months, what do you think is tthey most important data readout? And why? And ttheyn my last question is just on tthey common wart market, based on tthey efficacy, you've seen thus far, what kind of market share do you think you can take of tthey common wart market? Neal Walker Yes. So thanks, Louise, ttheir is Neal. In terms of tthey JAK programs, I think wtheyn you look over tthey next 12 months, obviously, we're honed in on looking at tthey eyebrow data, that will be kind of tthey first to come into view and we think that's important in terms of proving out tthey topical efficacy. And ttheyn, of course, tthey full Phase II study that we'll report out at tthey end of tthey year is a much larger, more robust Phase II. And so that will also be important. We have a PK/PD study that we'll be reporting on in tthey coming weeks that will give us a nice, kind of early qualitative look at efficacy with tthey topical. So ttheyy each have ttheyir kind of space in tthey queue. But I think certainly, tthey topical program for eyebrows is kind of tthey first big readout, and ttheyn followed by tthey 120-page -- or 120-patient study due at tthey end of tthey year. As it relates to common warts, just a reminder, ttheyre is nothing FDA-approved for that. So wtheyn we look at 22 million prevalent population and ttheyn 2 million to 3 million patients already coming into tthey doc office and no FDA-approved prescription to give ttheym, we're pretty bullish on how we might penetrate that market. We think we're going to get a pretty good chunk of that. And it's because of tthey practice dynamics, right? Tthey docs usually use multiple modalities.  So even those patients who were getting tthey procedure in tthey office will absolutely walk away with a script to use at home. And that's just standard of care is tthey polymodality. So we're really excited about tthey common wart product. Tthey data we generated initially and ttheyn tthey follow-up data was even better. That's pretty unusual to see that. And again, ttheir comports with our philosophy, going after whitespace opportunities gives us a big leg up wtheyn we think about reimbursement dynamics for a product like ttheir. So ttheir is something we feel that we ought to be getting some more credit for in tthey coming months. Operator And our next question is from Adnan Butt with Guggentheyim Securities. Adnan Butt Let me ask one on tthey PK/PD study. What are you looking for. Is that think anything beyond plasma concentration? Tthey reason I ask is because it will be reading out before, I guess, tthey eyebrow data. So can it -- is it informative in any way on what happens in tthey PK/PD to what could happen in tthey eyebrow study? Neal Walker Yes. Thank you, Adnan, ttheir is Neal. That's a good question. So it's a couple of things. One is, certainly, we want to see what we're getting from a PK perspective, and if we're getting blood levels, if so, wtheyre are ttheyy? But we're also very interested in tthey PD portion. And across a number of parameters ttheyre, that will theylp inform actually tthey mechanism of action, decreasing a number of things like, tthey P stats, of course, and ttheyn looking at ALODEX scales and things like that. So that will all directionally point us in tthey right direction and theylp inform what we may see in tthey eyebrow study. And of course, qualitatively, over 28 days, you're very, very unlikely to get any clinically meaningful hair growth. But you ought to be seeing something going on in tthey early days. So those are kind of tthey 3 things that we'll be reporting out on. I think, we'll give a window into what tthey eyebrow study will look like and ttheyn, of course, that will give a window into what tthey 120-patient study will look like towards tthey end of tthey year. Adnan Butt So Neal, those of tthey components you'll be putting in a press release? Neal Walker That's correct. Some flavor, three pieces. Adnan Butt Okay. And ttheyn on to tthey eyebrow study. Ttheyre is an extension study now listed on ClinicalTrials.gov. Is that for tthey eyebrow study? Or is that for just your alopecia studies in general? Neal Walker Well, if it's tthey extension, I think, that you're referring to, it's probably part of tthey PK/PD study, which we decided since we had gone to all tthey effort of recruiting ttheyse patients in, that it made sense to enroll ttheym in an open-label extension. So everybody that is in tthey PK/PD study just rolls over after 1 month into a 6-month extension. So that will be theylpful on a couple of levels. One is looking at those patients who might not have eyebrows and kind of getting an early read ttheyre. And ttheyn obviously, just adding to tthey database kind of rolling into tthey 120-patient study. Adnan Butt Last quick one on tthey pipeline. Could be a bit too early. But conceptually, could 450, could that work in TNF-refractory patients or is it too soon to tell? Neal Walker Yes. So I think, a little early to tell on that front. But certainly, wtheyn we think about -- tthey way we think about tthey positioning of ttheir compound is, it's an oral anti-TNF, oral anti-IL-1 beta. So we just think about those markets and ttheyy're pretty much dominated by injectables. And so just that alone, let's not even talk about potency or tthey safety aspect, but just that alone is a huge value prop. So our big bogey for that program, what we've seen so far in tthey preclinical studies is a good safety profile. So wtheyn we roll into an IND, what we'll be looking at very closely is tthey tachyphylaxis. And so far, at least in pre-clinical models, tthey hypottheysis has theyld true ttheyre. So we're really excited about that program. We think it's a major value driver. It actually comes into view in tthey first part of next year. So it's a -- we're rapidly getting ttheyre. Operator And I'm showing a question now from Tim Lugo with William Blair. Timothy Lugo For tthey ESKATA early experience initiative, it sounds like tthey response has been positive. Has that informed or changed your thoughts around wtheyn you turn on DTC for tthey product? Brett Fair Tim, ttheir is Brett. I think we're still holding tthey line for that October time frame. Tthey bigger tthey base of accounts we have, tthey better wtheyn we activate DTC. So we still think tthey timing is good. I'm very encouraged by what we've seen in tthey early experience initiative, and I think that just sets tthey table nicely for a better DTC campaign in full. Timothy Lugo Great. We'll be looking forward to that. And for tthey eyebrow study -- excuse me, for tthey eyebrow study, will you be sharing SALT scores between baseline and 12 weeks? And I believe you've talked about potentially having response rate data. I just want to know what informs that response rate? Is that physician assessment or a patient assessment? And also tthey entry criteria, I know, you're looking between patients of six months to 7 years of hair loss? It seems like a broad range. Is ttheyre kind of a sweet spot ttheyre that you're looking at? Neal Walker In terms of tthey time -- tthey time frame, I'm not sure that ttheyre is a sweet spot. I think tthey sweet spot is what tthey range that you defined, at least for a clinical trial, six months to 7 years. Wtheyn you start getting into patients with, perhaps, 20-plus year disease, it tends to be a little bit more recalcitrant. So we are kind of guided to that inclusion criteria after dialogue with tthey agency. As it relates to measures of efficacy, for at least tthey eyebrow study, it's really a qualitative approach. Ttheyre is a small amount of quantitative analysis ttheyre. But it's not tthey traditional SALT score. Tthey SALT score is more germane to overall disease wtheyn you're factoring in tthey scalp and a broader surface. So we'll be mainly, kind of, guiding to pictures and looking at clinically meaningful hair growth and reporting things on a percentage basis. And that really was tthey intent of tthey eyebrow study, is just to get -- kind of get that -- pull that kind of early look at efficacy value forward. Timothy Lugo Okay. Fair enough. And I believe you used to have an NME in development for AGA. Has ttheyre been some data maybe pre-clinically that's shown JAK inhibitors are more useful for AGA than you'd previously thought? And is ttheyre something with tthey -- I know tthey mechanism of action for tthey ottheyr NME wasn't a JAK inhibitor. Can you just maybe talk about how that's evolved over maybe tthey past 2 years? Neal Walker Yes. I think, tthey data that got us excited about it basically came out of Columbia. And so Logan Christiano, who did all tthey seminal work in alopecia areata, also looked at various ottheyr forms of hair loss, including mail/female-pattern and also scarring alopecias, and is one of those classic serendipitous discoveries that in a kind of tthey standard antigen or hair growth phase model in mice that showed a very stark effect. And ttheyre's been some publittheyyd literature on that. And I think that's what emboldened us in ttheir respect. And ttheyre's also just some know-how, some things like that, that aren't publittheyyd that kind of puttheyyd us into looking at ttheir clinically. So we're pretty excited about it. We wanted to get a study up and running relatively quickly, and that's why we designed it as an open label and just to get an early read on it. Timothy Lugo Well selfishly, I hope you could expedite that program a bit. I think we have few years left given ttheir position. Neal Walker You've got company ttheyre. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from David Steinberg with Jefferies. David Steinberg I had a question about business development. A couple of years ago, you in-licensed tthey JAK inhibitors. Last year, you went out and added to your pipeline with some early-stage R&D programs, pre-clinical stage. Just curious, how much of a focus, given all that you have on your plate, is business development? And if it is a focus, do you expect to do something ttheir year? And now that you have ESKATA in tthey market, would you consider buying some on-market products? Neal Walker Yes. So David, ttheir is Neal. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, I mean, look, we're -- we've -- were always engaged in a BD cycle, looking at things that will generate value for our shareholders. We do, as you say, got a lot of things going on. We've got a number of clinical programs. We've got tthey early-stage assets that kind of create a high bar for looking at anything early-stage because we're really bullish on those and we want to invest in tthey assets we acquired. But certainly, now that we moved into a commercial stage company, one always has to kind of look at how you might develop some synergies ttheyre. But we don't typically comment specifically on BD, except that we're always looking at ways to increase tthey value of tthey company. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude your conference. You may disconnect now.