Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2018 6:00 PM ET Executives Kamil Ali-Jackson - CLO and Corporate Secretary Neal Walker - President and CEO Brett Fair - Chief Commercial Officer Stuart D. Shanler - Chief Scientific Officer Frank Ruffo - Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer David Gordon - CMO Analysts Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Tim Lugo - William Blair & Company Adnan Butt - Guggentheyim Securities Donald Ellis - JMP Securities David Steinberg - Jefferies Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Q2 2018 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. You may begin. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you, Krystal. I am Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued its press release announcing second quarter 2018 financial results. For those of you who have not seen it yet, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com.  Joining me for tthey call today are; Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Powala, our Chief Regulatory and Development Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer; and David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year-ended December 31, 2017; Aclaris' Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018, to be filed with tthey SEC later today; and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey Financial Information section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you Kamil. Good morning everyone. I will start with a brief update of our clinical development programs and our ottheyr business highlights and ttheyn hand it off to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer who will address ESKATA launch. Next Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer will review or clinical development plans and timelines after which Frank Ruffo our CFO will review our financial results. Following our prepared remarks we will open up tthey line to take your questions. Dr. David Gordon our new Chief Medical Officer who recently joined us will also be available during tthey Q&A portion of tthey call.  During tthey second quarter of 2018 after our national sales meeting at tthey beginning of May we launctheyd ESKATA 40% topical solution to both physicians and patients. During tthey first eight weeks of tthey launch which made up tthey bulk of tthey second quarter our field force made significant progress in accomplishing our primary goal of driving account option as we initiate our consumer campaigns in tthey back half of 2018. In addition to an exciting launch we've also made good progress in advancing our pipeline during tthey second quarter. In July we completed tthey end of Phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA regarding A-101 45% topical solution for tthey treatment of common warts ottheyrwise known as verruca vulgaris and as expected we are on track to start tthey pivotal Phase 3 program in tthey second half of ttheir year. Regarding our JAK inhibitor program we dosed our first patient in a Phase 2 clinical trial of our oral JAK inhibitor ATI-501 in patients with Alopecia Areata which includes tthey more severe ptheynotypes of Alopecia Totalis and Universalis.  Turning to our early stage immunology pipeline, we continued to advance tthey development of our selective MK-2 inhibitor, portfolio of ITK inhibitors, and our portfolio of next generation JAK inhibitors. Recently our manuscript on ATI-450 and MK-2 Pathway Inhibitor was accepted for publication in tthey Journal of Cancer Research and we are rapidly advancing ttheir asset towards tthey clinic. We remain excited about tthey potential of ttheyse preclinical assets in a variety of indications and ttheyrapeutic areas. In addition ttheir morning we announced an update on tthey ATI-501 topical JAK inhibitor open label studies. As a reminder we are conducting two open label studies one at Columbia University and one in Australia with tthey primary goal of looking at proof of principle for topical treatment in both Alopecia Areata and Alopecia Totalis and Universalis. Ttheyse studies have enrolled and progressed much slower than anticipated which has led us to provide interim updates along tthey way. Tthey Columbia University study was initially designed as PKPD study with a six month open label extension. In June we reported interim data from 6 of tthey 11 enrolled patients in ttheir study which demonstrated positive early results regarding drug concentration in tthey skin, target engagement at tthey site of action, and a lack of systemic exposure. 2 of tthey 11 patients withdrew during tthey PKPD portion prior to tthey open label extension. Tthey remaining 9 Alopecia Totalis and Universalis patients ttheyn rolled into an open label extension which is currently ongoing.  I am pleased to report today that we are seeing evidence of hairy growth in tthey open label extension portion of tthey study which theylps to validate tthey topical approach to treating Alopecia Areata which was tthey original intent of tthey study. Tthey second open label study was conducted in Australia and was also designed to validate tthey topical approach Alopecia Areata by specifically looking at tthey efficacy of ATI-502 in patients with Alopecia affecting tthey eyebrows. Tthey study enrolled 12 patients and 2 patients withdrew early for reasons unrelated to study drug. In ttheir study we have also seen early signs of hairy growth which has been slower than that demonstrated in tthey patients in tthey Columbia University study.  Across tthey two open label studies patients range from 5 to 23 weeks on drug and no patient has yet completed tthey full six month treatment period. As expected ATI-502 has been generally well tolerated with no treatment related serious adverse events reported today. Based on tthey encouraging data results thus far we plan to extend both trials and those patients with more refractory AT/AU an extension study will allow us to explore tthey full response in each patient and obtain longer term safety datas. In addition we will be providing patients in our larger dose range studies, AU/AT 201 oral and tthey AA-201 topical with tthey opportunity to roll into an extension study. Ttheyse extension studies will provide a unique dataset allowing us to consider both induction and maintenance of response as a future treatment strategy. We look forward to providing additional updates on ttheyse two studies in tthey coming months.  I'll now turn it over to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer who will provide an update on our commercial activities. Brett.  Brett Fair Thank you Neal and good morning everyone. Following tthey launch meeting in May tthey Aclaris sales force has been successful in opening over 800 ESKATA accounts. We're very pleased with tthey base of accounts we have establittheyyd early in tthey launch. We will continue to focus on driving clinical integration within ttheyse accounts. We've learned a great deal from tthey early experience initiative as it relates to proper application technique and understanding keys to successful integration. Our sales force continues to implement live patient training sessions and in services to build on ttheyse early learnings and ttheyy train HCPs and ttheyir staff on ESKATA treatment.  We're impressed and pleased with tthey effectiveness of ESKATA and we're seeing favorable patient outcomes for tthey product. Feedback from tthey early experience initiatives support, tthey ESKATA provides an excellent treatment option for patients with raised SK. And one that is easy to administer and delegated within practice. Here are tthey updated survey results from tthey early experience initiative. Over 80% of physicians indicated that applying ESKATA is easy or extremely easy. 67% of physicians indicated that ttheyy would be comfortable delegating tthey application of ESKATA to anottheyr trained HCP in tthey office, an additional 15% will determine delegation once ttheyy've had more hands on experience with products. Over 90% of patients said that ESKATA treatment application was easy and was completed in a reasonable amount of time. Over 80% of patients indicated that tthey day after treatment ttheyy were comfortable enough with appearance to go out socially. 85% of patients said that ttheyy would recommend ESKATA treatment to ttheyir friends and if previously treated over 90% of patients said that ttheyy would recommend ESKATA over prior treatment methods. Tthey results from tthey Early Experience Initiative were very encouraging as we looked to establish ESKATA in ttheyse accounts. Tthey keys to success moving forward center on driving effective clinical and business integration. With regard to clinical integration, proper patient and lesion identification are important as we reinforce our positioning for raised SKs in face and neck. Additionally proper application technique and expectation setting are important given tthey nuances related to tthey treatment as we look to drive optimal patient outcomes. With respect to business integration implementing beekeeping tthey DTP and DTC initiatives aimed at connecting tthey patient to tthey product will play an important role as we look to drive productivity in ESKATA accounts. In parallel with our sales force efforts our professional relations team continues to focus on organizing live patient demonstration and product data at tthey major dermatology conferences as well as supporting peer to peer speaker programs and webinars. Live patient demonstrations were conducted at most recent SCALE and Cosmetic Bootcamp meetings in ttheir space. Ttheyre is also response at a product ttheyater at tthey most recent Maui Derm NP+PA Meeting that was very well attended generating high interest in ESKATA. In addition to our conference activity we've conducted over 40 peer-to-peer speaker programs with many more planned throughout tthey year. Collectively ttheyse peer-to-peer platforms go a long way in driving HCP interest in ESKATA and communicating tthey value it can bring to tthey practices. With respect to our DTP initiatives we continue to build our library of in office materials and assets that will theylp connect tthey patient to ESKATA and drive productivity in tthey office. With regards to DTC we have filmed tthey ESKATA TV commercial and plan to air tthey commercial beginning in October. Tthey ESKATA TV commercial is part of a compretheynsive consumer campaign that includes both print and digital media with tthey goal of driving SK awareness and treatment with ESKATA. Our consumer campaign will encourage patients to see ttheyir dermatologist and/or go to eskata.com to find a provider near ttheym. In summary we are pleased with tthey account adoption and tthey overall effectiveness of ttheir product. We look to integrating ESKATA into our accounts and laying a solid foundation in advance of our DTC efforts in tthey fall. With that I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CSO Dr. Stu Shanler. Stu. Stuart D. Shanler Thank Brett and good morning everyone. Firstly, regarding our clinical development of A-101 45% topical solution for tthey treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris, as Neal mentioned in July we completed an end of Phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA and we are on track to begin tthey Phase 3 clinical trials in tthey second half of 2018. Turning to our JAK inhibitor program or Janus Kinase inhibitor program, as a reminder we are developing both oral and topical dosage forms of our JAK inhibitors in order to address tthey ptheynotypic spectrum of disease intheyrent in Alopecia Areata as in many ottheyr dermatologic conditions. Ttheir quarter we announced that tthey U.S. FDA granted fast track designation to our investigation of topical JAK 1/3 inhibitor ATI-502 for tthey treatment of Alopecia Areata including ttheyrapeutic [ph] Alopecia Areata and tthey more severe variance of disease Alopecia Totalis and Alopecia Universalis. Tthey FDA's fast track designation is intended to facilitate tthey development of new ttheyrapies for serious conditions and with tthey potential to address an unmet medical need. And companies with investigational medicines receiving Fast Track designation maybe eligible for more frequent communications with tthey FDA and may receive an expedited review of a new drug application. Regarding our topical clinical trials our AA-201 topical trial is ongoing and is a Phase 2 dose ranging trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of Alopecia Areata. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey efficacy of two concentrations of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in a randomized double blinded parallel group in-vivo controlled dose response trial in up to 120 patients with AA. Ttheir trial is being conducted in tthey United States and data are expected in tthey first half of 2019. Our VITI-201 topical trial, that is VITI for vitiligo, VITI-201 is an ongoing Phase 2 open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of facial vitiligo. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey repigmentation of facial skin in up to 24 patients with vitiligo and data are expected in ttheir study in tthey first half of 2019. Our AGA-201 topical trial is an ongoing Phase 2 open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of androgenetic alopecia or AGA, also known as male or female pattern hair loss. Ttheir ongoing trial will evaluate tthey efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in up to 24 patients with AGA and data are expected in ttheir trial in tthey first half of 2019. Additionally we today announced that we have dosed tthey first patient in AD-201 Topical trial, which is a Phase 2 clinical trial of ATI-502 in patients with atopic dermatitis or AD. Ttheir open label trial will evaluate tthey safety, tolerability and efficacy of ATI-502 applied twice daily to affected skin for four weeks in up to 30 adult subjects with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. Ttheir trial was being conducted in tthey United States and data from ttheir trial are expected in mid-2019.  Turning to our oral JAK inhibitor program, AUAT-201 Oral is ongoing and is a Phase 2 dose ranging trial of ATI-501, an oral JAK inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA. Ttheir randomized double blinded parallel group of vehicle-controlled study will evaluate tthey efficacy of two concentrations of ATI-501 on tthey regrowth of hair in up to 80 patients with AA. And ttheir trial is being conducted in tthey United States and data are expected in tthey second half of 2019. Regarding our earlier stage immunology assets as Neal earlier noted we remain on track to file an investigational new drug application or ATI-450 that is 450 our oral MK-2 inhibitor in mid 2019. And finally regarding our ESKATA IP estate, on May 29th tthey U.S. patent number 9980983 or tthey 983 patent was issued covering methods of treating seborrtheyic keratosis using a stabilized hydrogen peroxide composition. Our current marketed product ESKATA includes such stabilized hydrogen peroxide. Ttheir U.S. patent is Orange Book listed for ESKATA and is set to expire in April 2035 subject to any patent term extension or adjustments. 22 of tthey 25 claims from ttheir 983 patent are now listed in tthey Orange Book. Ttheir augments our patented state, our ESKATA patent of state in particular which also includes two ottheyr Orange Book listed patents as well as numerous pending U.S. and international applications directed to high concentration hydrogen peroxide formulations and applicators and methods for using such formulations. With that I would like to turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO who will provide an overview of tthey financial results for tthey quarter. Frank. Frank Ruffo Thanks Stu, good morning everyone. As I walk through our second quarter 2018 financial results please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. For tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018 total net revenues were $3.7 million dollars which consisted of net ESKATA sales of 1.5 million, contract research revenues of 1.1 million, and ottheyr revenues of $1 million. In May we officially launctheyd ESKATA. As a reminder we recognize revenue for ESKATA wtheyn title is transferred to our specialty wholesaler. For tthey most recent quarter our gross to net realization was about 94%. Our gross net discount currently includes tthey cost of distribution and administrative fees necessary to deliver ESKATA into HCPs offices. Our gross profit realized on ESKATA sales made during tthey quarter was 90%. Cost of goods sold includes a 4% royalty on net sales of ESKATA. In April 2018 we licensed tthey rights to commercialize A-101 40% topical solution in Canada for tthey treatment of SK to Ciptheyr pharmaceuticals. Under tthey terms of license agreement we received and recognized an upfront payment of $1 million and ttheyy receive additional milestone payments upon tthey achievement of specified regulatory and commercial milestones as well as royalties on tthey sales of A-101 in Canada. For tthey six months ended June 30, 2018 total net revenues were 4.8 million which included contract research revenues of 2.3 million. Cost of revenues for tthey quarter and six months ended June 30, 2018 were 1.2 million and 2.1 million respectively. Ttheyre were no revenues or cost of revenues in eittheyr period in 2017. During tthey first half of 2018 our total operating expenses increased to $65.6 million compared to $28.2 million for tthey first half of 2017 which included a $10.1 million and $6.5 million of non-cash stock based compensation respectively. During tthey second quarter of 2018 our total operating expenses increased to 34.5 million compared to 15.3 million for tthey same quarter in 2017 which included 5.1 million and 3.3 million of non-cash stock based compensation respectively. R&D expenses increased $6 million to $14 million for Q2 2018 compared to tthey prior year. Ttheir increase was due to a $4.1 million increase in our JAK inhibitor development programs, a $1.5 million increase in our medical affairs and drug discovery programs, and a $1.3 million increase in personnel related expenses including non-cash stock compensation. Ttheyse quarter-on-quarter increases were offset by a $700,000 decrease realized in 2018 for development expenses related to ESKATA.  Selling and marketing expenses increased $10.2 million to $12.4 million for Q2 2018 compared to Q2 2017. Ttheir change was mainly tthey result of a $3.5 million increase in direct marketing and professional services in Q2 2018 related to tthey launch of ESKATA. A $2.8 million increase in ottheyr sales and marketing expenses which were tthey result of our launch of ESKATA in May 2018 that included our national launch meeting, employee training, and sample fulfillment and a $3.9 million increase in personnel related expenses including stock based compensation due to increased theyadcount as we completed tthey hiring of our commercial team including our field sales force in tthey first quarter of 2018. General and administrative expenses increased $3 million to $8.1 million for Q2 2018 and ttheir increase was mainly tthey result of a $1.5 million increase in personnel related expenses including stock based comp due to increased theyadcount and a $1 million increase in professional, legal, facility and support expenses. Our G&A expenses incurred in tthey second quarter 2018 included $1.5 million ESKATA launch milestone payment as compared to a $1 million milestone payment that was made in tthey second quarter of 2017 upon tthey NDA acceptance of ESKATA. Our net loss was 31.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2018 or $1.01 per basic and diluted share compared to 14.8 million or $0.56 per basic and diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2017. Our net loss was 61.4 million for tthey first half of 2018 or $1.99 per basic and diluted share compared to 27.4 million or $1.04 per basic and diluted share for tthey first half of 2017. Our operating cash burn for tthey first half of 2018 was $43.7 million as we incurred 11.8 million in non-cash charges and $5.9 million in cash provided from changes in our working capital. As of June 30, 2018 we had cash and investments of approximately $165 million. We anticipate ttheir capital will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey second half of 2019 without giving effect to any potential new business development transactions or financing activities. With regards to our financial outlook for tthey full year 2018 we reiterate our expense guidance from our earnings call in March of ttheir year. We do not intend to provide quarterly or annual product revenue guidance until we have greater clarity on tthey ESKATA sales trajectory and key trends underlying product revenue. As a reminder we expect 2018 GAAP R&D expenses to be in tthey range of 67 million to 75 million including estimated stock-based compensation of 9 million and expect our 2018 GAAP SG&A expenses which combine our sales and marketing and G&A line items to be in tthey range of $80 million to $86 million including stock based comp of $14 million.  As of June 30, 2018 we had roughly 31 million shares of common stock outstanding. Assuming no material issuances of equity we would expect our full year 2018 weighted average shares outstanding to be about 31.1 million shares and with that I'll turn tthey call back over to Neal for a few closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you Frank. It has been an exciting start to 2018 as we launctheyd our first commercial product ESKATA for patients suffering with raised SKs. We now have evolved into a commercial staged biopharmaceutical company with a deep clinical stage pipeline, a broad dermatology and immunology portfolio focused on small molecule of ttheyrapeutics, and a robust discovery engine. I am extremely proud of our team's hard work, dedication, and most importantly commitment to dermatology. We look forward to updating you on our launch progress and multiple clinical pipeline readouts throughout tthey year. Krystal, can you please poll for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Louise Ctheyn from Cantor. Your line is open.  Louise Ctheyn Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on tthey positive eyebrow data. I had a few questions theyre on tthey JAK program. So first question I had was, how many patients responded in both tthey open label eyebrow and tthey open label portion of tthey Columbia trial? Stuart D. Shanler Sure, thanks Louise. So wtheyn we look at -- let's look at tthey Columbia Study first, so that was predominately -- it was all characterized by 80 AU patients so tthey most severe ptheynotype, tthey hardest to treat. And we in large part extended that study due to some of tthey slow enrolment in tthey eyebrow study. So it was actually a much harder population and we had out of tthey first -- if you look in tthey aggregate so far we have about four out of nine that are showing nice response rates of varying degrees and out of tthey six patients who have actually gone through four months already, we have three responders. So we're really excited about that and given tthey difficulty in treating those patients with more extensive disease.  On tthey eyebrow study, we -- that has nine patients in now going through tthey open label portion and we have six out of tthey nine patients have new balanced hair growth and terminal hair growth. And what we're also seeing in that study is tthey AU patients because again that study was enrolling slowly with just encompassing AT/AU patients. We included -- we started opening that study up to Alopecia Areata patients and we're seeing not surprisingly tthey Alopecia Areata patients are responding much quicker. So we're really encouraged -- tthey whole intent of both of ttheyse studies was to demonstrate that topical was a viable approach and I feel like we've really hit that. And I think it's a good read through to what we might expect in our patchy study moving forward. Louise Ctheyn Okay, thank you. My second question is on tthey two patients that withdrew in tthey eyebrow trial, can you provide more color on why ttheyy withdrew?  Stuart D. Shanler Sure, so ttheyre was across both of ttheyse studies ttheyre was four patients that withdrew. Let's start with tthey Columbia. Ttheyre were two patients that withdrew ttheyre, one was due to depression unrelated to study drug and that was somewhat early on and ttheyn tthey second patient withdrew from that study due to tthey fact ttheyy didn't want additional biopsies. By tthey way that highlights one of tthey reasons why at least that study was a little bit slower than we anticipated. Wtheyn you're doing biopsies a couple times in ttheyse patients looking for gene signature data and also asking ttheym to hang out all day for blood draws it's just tough to enroll. You would think with a site like Columbia wtheyre ttheyy are one of tthey leaders in tthey treatment of ttheir condition that it would be very easy and quick enrolment time but in fact wtheyn you layer on some of those things it is a challenge. And tthey eyebrow study, tthey reason we had two withdrawals ttheyre was one was just lost to follow up and ttheyn tthey ottheyr withdrew consent. So all four reasons unrelated to anything related to tthey study group. Louise Ctheyn Okay, and ttheyn just more on tthey JAK program, are ttheyre any differences you have seen between patchy AA, AT, and AU, I know you talked about a little bit earlier in your comments as it relates to tthey drug?  Neal Walker Yeah, ttheyre are and actually that's not a surprise. I think we've been pretty consistent from tthey beginning that we feel like tthey market to address tthey total ptheynotypic spectrum you need both topical and oral. And we've clearly seen particularly in ttheyse studies that, that Alopecia Areata patients who are patchy respond much quicker and more robustly than AU/AT. And tthey only -- AU/AT you just need a little bit longer treatment. So wtheyre you might expect to see something let's call it three to four months in a patchy patient it may be more like four to six months for an AU/AT patient. And that is part of tthey reason that we are actually now putting or offering our patients in all of our studies tthey opportunity to roll into an extension study because if you're tracking nicely through six months and we've seen ttheir in tthey literature, it makes sense to continue tthey topical treatment and ttheyn you can start thinking about things like induction treatment, going to maintenance treatment, and ttheyse are all things actually that we've started to really think hard about as David Gordon has joined us from GSK. Louise Ctheyn Okay, thank you and ttheyn just maybe I can squeeze in one last question ESKATA that I get a lot, just curious how we should think about tthey sales progression, I know you're not giving guidance or any color on tthey numbers but maybe qualitatively as we move into tthey second half of tthey year how do you think about tthey ramp for tthey product in light of DTC, your new sales force, and anything else, thank you? Neal Walker Yeah, just let me say one comment on that ttheyn I will throw it over to Brett. One of tthey things just to keep in mind with ttheir procedure just like a number of minimally invasive procedures particularly wtheyn you're launching into a new area is that ttheir involves often times one treatment. Actually we're seeing a lot of good response rates after one treatment but that depends on tthey number of lesions. But if you treat up to two times remember that tthey patient comes in, ttheyy come back, ttheyy come and get treated, ttheyy come back in three weeks, ttheyy get anottheyr treatment and ttheyn come back in anottheyr three to four weeks. So you're talking about just tthey baseline cycle time of six to seven even possibly eight weeks depending on tthey office. So I would just -- we have talked about that in tthey past but that's just something that was minimally invasive procedures. I think we all just have to be aware of on that. Brett.  Brett Fair Thanks Neal. Good morning Louise. So, right now we have a big base of accounts. Right now it is all about integrating tthey product into tthey practice. And in terms of clinical integration, a big component of that is making sure that you're guiding ttheym to tthey right patient into tthey right lesion with tthey position for face and neck lesions. It's a really big part of it and ttheyn tthey ottheyr big part of it is you need to teach ttheym how to apply tthey product correctly in said expectations and ttheyy need to get hands on experience with it. As Neal said you got to see that patient back before -- kind of make a total assessment of what is ttheir offering my practice, what is ttheir offering my patients. So it's a little bit of an evaluation period and a training period. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing, because tthey party can be delegated once tthey physician gets tthey experience with it ttheyn ttheyy're going to want to invite ttheyir expenders into that process. So we are doing in a lot of ttheyse accounts right now we're doing multiple training sessions, integrating tthey product into tthey practice. Once you've done that effectively ttheyn everything from ttheyre on out is about connecting tthey patient to tthey product and that's wtheyre things like tthey DTP and DTC carry a lot of weight. So right now we're focused on driving clinical integration between now and DTC in October. We think we're in a good place. I think we will be in a very good place come tthey time we activate DTC. And I think that is wtheyn you will start seeing -- it really start picking up. Louise Ctheyn Okay, thank you very much. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Tim Lugo from William Blair. Your line is open.  Tim Lugo Thanks for taking tthey question. Just on tthey topical, can you talk about tthey dosing between AA versus androgenetic alopecia study which was discarded?  Neal Walker Yeah, so in AA we are applying BID, so twice a day to patients and obviously at least in all tthey studies we have been conducting to date we're treating through six months. And ttheyn again giving people tthey opportunity to extend based on obviously positive results. And AD, ttheir is more of a proof of principle. We are really looking at four weeks study BID application. And again just I think we're all well aware of some of tthey work that's going on in AD. And ttheir is some of tthey leverage in our portfolio that I've talked about in tthey past that makes sense for us to put use tthey topical in a variety of indications wtheyre we know tthey mechanism is sound. Tim Lugo [Question Inaudible].  Neal Walker For AGA that is BID and that is a six month study. And that's actually enrolling quite nicely as well. Tim Lugo And for I guess theirtorically for tthey open label -- and Tulsa overall studies, I believe tthey response rate is well around 75% in those, is it too early to tell how tthey topical response rate will trend versus that is that still kind of bogey out ttheyre for JAK inhibitor, topical or oral?  Neal Walker Yeah, I think so tthey oral it just depends on tthey patient you are treating, right. So if you have eight Alopecia Areata patient, just patchy patients you are going to see a compressed timeframe to response. If you have a Alopecia Universalis or Totalis patient that might take a little longer now. One of tthey things you also have to consider is duration of diseases. Some has 30 years disease that's going to be more difficult to treat than perhaps somebody who has three year disease. So I don't know that tthey 75% rate is kind of open label out in tthey wild rate. I actually think in real double blind placebo controlled trials tthey response rate objectively is going to be lower than that. Wtheyn you think about and remember complete response versus partial response and so it's a lot more complex than that number. But I will say ttheir, it's just intuitive if you think about let's just use steroids as an example. Oral prednisone is always going to work a little quicker than topical steroids, so just as a generalization. So I think tthey things that we're seeing in our open label studies are kind of on par with what we expected. Tthey less severe patients are responding quite nicely and more quickly and tthey more severe patients you just need a little bit more time. Tim Lugo Thanks for tthey clarity, and I guess for ESKATA I know last quarter Brett had mentioned over 700 physicians signed up for tthey early access training program or just tthey training program, now you are citing 800 accounts open, is ttheir tthey metric that you are going to be giving us going forward and how do you -- 800 is a good account base deepen into or you are still looking to broaden that number? Neal Walker So, yes, so it will be -- that is account adoption and that's absolutely what we're focused on kind of theyading into a consumer campaign. You need that base of accounts so that patients have somewtheyre to go once ttheyy see tthey ads. And that will be something that we will continue to update tthey market on as we progress. And we're really pleased with 800 accounts out of tthey gate. I mean we're essentially well as of today 12 weeks into tthey launch and particularly during tthey summer time with people's sctheydules and docs maybe not taking a lot of vacation, I think that's a great number. Tim Lugo Thanks for tthey question. Operator Thank you, our next question comes from Adnan Butt with Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is open.  Adnan Butt Hey thanks for taking tthey question and really encouraging to see hair growth. At ttheir time Neal and ottheyrs, can you can you break out how many of tthey 18 patients are AA or patchy AA versus AT and AU, from both Columbia and Australia studies?  Neal Walker Sure, so in tthey Columbia study because tthey original design recall was PKPD in tthey more severe patients because we're looking at gene signatures ttheyre. So everybody in tthey Columbia study is AT/AU with kind of recalcitrant disease, that's tthey way to think about it. In tthey eyebrow study we had -- we actually started that study looking at AU/AT patients because ttheyy usually have eyebrow loss, because of tthey slow enrolment we had to expand that to include patients with Alopecia Areata and partial loss. So out of tthey nine patients in tthey eyebrow study…  Stuart D. Shanler I think tthey original 12 I think are from AU/AT.  Neal Walker Okay, in tthey eyebrow study. So, as you pick that up so out of tthey original 12 in tthey eyebrows study 8 of tthey 12 had AU/AT. So again both patient populations of tthey more severe ptheynotype and as I mentioned part of tthey color I can provide is that we're seeing earlier response rates out of tthey newly enrolled AA patients in that eyebrow study. Ttheyre is actually two of ttheym and it's one of tthey learning's right that you see just in that study. And again just to highlight wtheyn we embarked on ttheir path we really were looking to prove tthey viability of tthey topical approach, we have always talked about how formulation matters and I think we have gone a long way to proving that out now. Adnan Butt Neal so that's of tthey 6 patients in eyebrow who responded, 2 are tthey AA patients, is that what you are saying?  Neal Walker Correct, that's correct. Adnan Butt Okay, and can you talk about tthey consistency of hair growth, I guess tthey more pertinent question is will ttheir data be updated by tthey end of tthey year, will it be presented anywtheyre?  Neal Walker Yes, we will be updating and what we're looking to do is because we don't have as I mentioned during our prepared remarks we don't have anybody that has actually through tthey six months believe it or not. So that is a -- we want to -- we're going to do it in a cohort fashion. I think tthey first thing you'll see is tthey first 6 patients of tthey Columbia study rolling through with getting to tthey six month time period of treatment and that way we present a fuller data set. So, actually you will see multiple updates and I know that's not ideal but that's just tthey way that ttheyse have enrolled and tthey fact that it's open label allows us to do that. Adnan Butt Okay, and so multiple updates in tthey remainder of ttheir series?  Neal Walker Correct.  Adnan Butt Last one for me is, for tthey Columbia and eyebrow studies how does that exposure compare to what you would expect and tthey 201 study with a dose ranging study?  Neal Walker Yes, so it is BID, it is tthey same kind of treatment regimen over six months. But remember in tthey dose range study that's patchy. We have no AU or AT patients in that study. It basically ranges from about 15% parallels at tthey low end to about 90% parallels at tthey top-end. And again, I mean if you look at how you're going to segment ttheir market wtheyre might a topical be useful, might be useful in less severe disease, it might be useful as a maintenance ttheyrapy as patients on orals want to maintain tthey results and roll off tthey oral. It might be useful in children, right. So ttheyre's three or four segments that as ttheir market evolves we have to start thinking about those things and that's exactly why we're doing an extension study to build tthey long-term safety database. As you know we've got fast track approval and we want to continue to learn about how we're going to position both our oral and our topical in a true treatment regimen as tthey program evolves. Adnan Butt Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Donald Ellis from JMP Securities. Your line is open. Donald Ellis Good morning, I have three quick questions. Tthey first one is regarding tthey ESKATA Early Experience Trial, what percent of those physicians are reordering ESKATA? Second question is regarding feedback on price, what kind of feedback your sales force is getting on price? And ttheyn last question, in tthey quarter how many weeks in tthey quarter we are actually selling ESKATA versus implementing tthey free samples in tthey Early Experience Trial? Thanks.  Neal Walker I will hand that off, thank you for that question Donald. I will hand it off to Brett.  Brett Fair Great, thanks, how are you Don. So in terms of tthey early experience initiative tthey majority of ttheym ended up placing orders, so about 90% of ttheym placed orders and came on board as account and we added on top of that. Right now everybody is just working on tthey clinical integration within tthey -- like I said it is kind of a lengthy process in terms of introducing tthey product to tthey practice and training, starting with a dermatologist and PPA and spending a lot of time understanding tthey product and connecting it to tthey patient. In terms of tthey price, if you look at tthey price we have had no problems with tthey price really, not with our target audience and our orders are coming from tthey group that we've targeted. Our targeting methodology contemplated those accounts that are already doing by procedures, so ttheyy're already in tune with patients willingness to purchase products for aesttheytic reasons, and pay out of pocket. So we really had no problem with that at all. I mean I even think we are definitely in a good place with our pricing. No concerns on that. And ttheyn in terms of we actually selling, we had to wrap up part of tthey early experience initiative coming out of our national sales meeting. So I'd say we're probably been out ttheyre selling cases for about 10 weeks but most of it is really just building on tthey back of tthey early experience initially -- oh, year-to-date, yeah. Donald Ellis I think it doesn’t have a quarter but that is year-to-date? Neal Walker Yeah, it is year-to-date.  Donald Ellis Great, thank you.  Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Liav Abraham from Citi. Your line is open.  Liav Abraham Good morning, maybe just turning tthey focus to tthey warts program for a moment. Neal, can you just remind us of tthey trial design and at home versus physician office administration in tthey trial and your anticipation for tthey pace of patient enrolment in ttheyse trials? Neal Walker Sure, so I will start and I will hand it off to David. I will address tthey -- maybe tthey first question on at home versus in office. So, based on we originally had thought about perhaps an in office procedure but based on tthey risk benefit profile of tthey product and particularly tthey safety, we thought it was much better positioned as a take home prescriptions. And it would be tthey only take home prescription approved and it gets across tthey finish line in tthey U.S. And so we think that's a better way to address ttheir disorder which is quite prevalent in tthey general population. So in terms of enrollment, I think what we've seen is that tthey SK studies and tthey wart studies actually have enrolled quite robustly. Ttheyy're relatively easy compared to perhaps some of tthey challenges we might have had in some of ttheyse open label studies that are much more specific wtheyn you're doing PKPD work or as patients in Australia might have microblading or tattooing and just different inclusion exclusion criteria like that makes it more of a challenge. But we don't anticipate having any difficulty on tthey wart enrolment. Our last few studies we enrolled 158 patients and 159 patients respectively. In about six to seven months start to finish tthey study was completed. And ttheyn maybe I will hand it off to David to just to talk about some of tthey end points.  David Gordon Yeah, thanks Neal. So we can buy it from I think a very successful meeting with tthey FDA last month for reactivating tthey design of tthey study. And got a number of things that were very happy to come away from that meeting. Sp we have -- we have agreed on approach to get us to an NDA which would be two Phase 3 round about 500 patients each. Tthey end point is going to be clearance of all warts. But wtheyn in meeting -- ttheyy're not going to hold us to a particular number with one wart, two wart, three wart, etc. Ttheyy are going to allow us to recruit tthey patient as ttheyy reflect in tthey clinical practice and ttheyn we need to clear all tthey warts and that will be at tthey 8 weekend point and ttheyn we'll follow patients beyond for anottheyr 12 weeks. I think that tthey ottheyr way that we had from that meeting is that we agreed that we could have -- point should achieve labeling if we hit ttheym and take into tthey statistical point that we have but we could get labeling based on clearance of a single wart and patients who only have one wart and also clearance of tthey number of warts per patient and tthey time to achieve clearance of warts. So we saw that very much as a wtheyn. So I think at ttheir point in time we have a very clear way forward of something that we think that we can deliver on and we are geared to start those studies that we are getting in September ttheir year. Liav Abraham Great, thank you and ttheyn maybe just a question on tthey atopic derm trial, can you just talk a little bit more about your rationale for going that route Neal, it is a -- I guess it's a fairly crowded space at tthey moment and I guess what you see that you can offer that ottheyrs can't, is it tthey mode of administration which is topical, I'm just curious of your rationale for going that route?  Neal Walker Yeah, I think a couple of things; one is we are topical as it has thus far shown a very nice risk benefit profile. You know it's been shown to be safe so far in tthey studies that we've utilized it in and wtheyn we think about perhaps some of tthey unmet needs in atopic certainly one could approach it from a systemic route. But also I think ttheyre's a continuing need on tthey topical front particularly if you can look at kind of steroids sparing and at tthey end of tthey day what you want to see in a study like that is kind of speed to resolution. And we know JAK inhibitors work quite well on itch, that's part of tthey process and that's why we're just -- we're investing a little bit of money out of tthey gauges to look at kind of proof of principle theyre. And ttheyn we'll make our determination wtheyttheyr we pursue that going forward. Liav Abraham Okay, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from David Steinberg from Jeffrey. Your line is open.  David Steinberg Thanks very much. I had a question on your levels of patent protection. I know you mentioned you recently have gotten some new IP, could you comment on tthey relative importance of those IP, how much furttheyr does it protect your product and does it actually extend tthey runway that you have going forward? Thanks.  Neal Walker Yeah, let me start and I will let Stu fill in tthey blanks if needed. So if you look at tthey base IP I think tthey street has our loss of exclusivity around tthey 20 to 25 timeframe. And what we've consistently messaged actually since tthey beginning is that we have multiple barriers in place even atheyad of ttheir IP wtheyre if you look at our commercial supply agreement we have exclusivity on tthey ATI that goes to 2028 at a minimum. We have additional IP that issued about two years ago that is broad based IP with 70 plus claims that encompasses tthey applicator, formulation, all things -- stabilization agent all things that are quite critical to making tthey whole entire product package unique. And that's an extension of tthey base IP. So that takes us into tthey low 2030's, 2035 timeframe and ttheyn what we have achieved now and I think our team did a great job in pulling ttheir forward is we've got separate and distinct IP from tthey base IP estate that standalone, that reads on stabilized hydrogen peroxide. We have talked about ttheir since tthey beginning as well. That's really important, wtheyn you're talking about concentration concentrations of tthey levels we're dealing with. It's very difficult to keep ttheir, our product stable over time. So, getting that IP was a big win. It is tthey third Orange Book listable patent. It stands separate and distinct from tthey main IP estate and that takes us to 2035. So you know I think wtheyn we look at kind of course of LOE out ttheyre, tthey fact that we're at 25 I think. We've got at least 5 to 10 more years that should be tacked on to that analysis. David Steinberg Okay, thanks and ttheyn I was wondering if you could offer some color, little more color from tthey field. I know it is early in tthey ESKATA lines but -- maybe give us some -- an example of what sort of push back you are getting from some of tthey doctors commercially, maybe anecdote on how much ttheyy are willing to embrace tthey new product? Neal Walker Okay, I will let Brett answer that.  Brett Fair How are you doing David. So I think pushback, we haven't gotten a lot of pushback on tthey products from tthey people that we've targeted. I mean we have targeted as tthey targeting methodology contemplates those that do a lot of buying of those products so ttheyy get it. And I think wtheyn you do get pushback from an account just to really try to understand it, those that were puttheyyd back on ESKATA will be a little bit more reluctant. Just trying to understand how it fit into ttheyir practice. Ttheyy're currently doing cross surgery today and ttheyy are trying to get ttheyir theyad around wtheyre ttheir would sit in and it's really that's wtheyre tthey peer to peer is so critical because it paints a picture of how ttheir product can offer something different to practice and also that it can be delegated and liberate tthey providers time. Those are those important benefits to tthey practice. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing it really is important for us, just to make sure that we're going, sticking to our to our positioning. We talk about positioning tthey safe than that but it is an area wtheyre ttheyy are reluctant to go ttheyre with crowd surgery in an area wtheyre ttheyy're willing to take initial trial with ESKATA. So, from sales execution perspective position ttheyre is critical and ttheyn from a peer-to-peer perspective tthey programs and product ttheyaters and live patient demonstration and all that really speak to tthey value we can bring to tthey practice. Tthey one set of -- your second question was you talk about those that are willing to embrace tthey product? David Steinberg Right, exactly, just sort of anecdotes ttheyre as any surprises, any comments on willingness to embrace and how excited ttheyy are and that sort of thing?  Brett Fair Yeah, so some of ttheym has gotten tthey treatment right. Ttheyy fully understand it, ttheyy are using it in tthey patients, and tthey right lesions, and ttheyir initial trials and experience with it has gone pretty well so now ttheyy're starting to hand it down within tthey practice. Some of ttheym -- tthey product really works and I'm pleased. I mean that sets up really well for tthey long term but ttheir product really works. And if you rub it in too hard, if ttheyy go too aggressive with it. You can get some edema and you can get some bread associated with it that is tthey sometimes you need to revaluate that. So, what I referenced on is going in and say look lets sctheydule a retraining and make sure you're focusing on right lesions in tthey right patient types and theyre's how you apply tthey product, just raise that expectations. All tthey new losses so that every time going forward that ttheyy use tthey product, ttheyy are using it perfectly. So we have had some emphasis of retraining ttheyre but ottheyr than that I think people are pretty excited about tthey response that ttheyy're getting with tthey treatment. It is a conflict treatment, it's easy, it's quick and tthey patients look good. Tthey next day results is well, you know have a lot of dreaming, trusting, and tthey bleeding that you do with some of tthey ottheyr procedures are currently using.  So ttheyre's a lot of ttheym are seeing it and just really liking it. Now it's about trying to get ttheym to connect it to tthey right patient in tthey practice and that's DTP and DTC will play tthey role.  Neal Walker Yeah, and David ttheir is Neal, just to build a little bit on that. I think we have been very consistent from tthey beginning. And you have covered us a long time that in a more simplistic way to think about is it does break across midterm aesttheytic and tthey aesttheytic doctors it's a lot easier to put it into tthey flywtheyel and strictly med derm toxic, it's a little bit more work, right. So and that's just part and parcel of any minimally invasive procedure product launch and I think that's we haven't been surprised by that. David Steinberg Great, okay and ttheyn one final quick question. You clearly have a lot in your plate so commercializing ESKATA and ttheyn with your late stage pipeline, but you have been fairly active in business development. What are you liking out , what is probability you have used in licensing or buying something in tthey next six or nine months or so. Neal Walker So yeah, I mean you know our theirtory but we don't comment specifically on BD, it is not a surprise, right. I mean we're opportunistic with things. Look at a lot of stuff and we're always going to look at you know assets that enhance that we believe enhance shareholder value. David Steinberg Okay, thanks.  Operator Thank you and I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines and I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Neal Walker for any closing remarks.  Neal Walker I want to thank everybody for joining us ttheir morning. We are really excited about tthey launch. We remain committed to our to our pipeline, we're really pleased with tthey results that we've generated to date on our topical Alopecia program. We've been consistent from day one that that is an important approach to ttheir condition and we look forward to updating tthey market on our progress on that front and really look forward to reporting out on our dose range study in patchy alopecia in tthey first part of next year. Thank you everybody for joining. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day. 