Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q3 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Dr. Neal Walker – President and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Stuart Shanler – Chief Scientific Officer Brett Fair – Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations Frank Ruffo – Chief Financial Officer Kamil Ali-Jackson – Chief Legal Officer Analysts Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Partners Brandon Folkes – Cantor Fitzgerald Liav Abraham – Citi Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now turn tthey conference over to Kamil Ali-Jackson. Please go atheyad. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you, Candice. I'm Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued its press release announcing third quarter 2017 financial results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me for tthey call today are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Powala, our Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brett Fair, our Senior VP of Commercial Operations. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey Company's future results of operation and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of Aclaris' quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed with tthey SEC today; our annual report and Form 10-K for tthey year ended on December 31, 2016 filed with tthey SEC on March 15, 2017; and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. We encourage all investors to read ttheyse reports and our ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey Financial Information section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Dr. Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter conference call. I will start with an update on tthey company's activities in tthey third quarter and ttheyn I will hand it off to Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer who will briefly address our ongoing clinical activities and our IP estate. And Brett Fair, our Head of Commercial, will provide an update on our pre-commercial activities and ttheyn Frank Ruffo, our CFO, will review tthey financial results for tthey third quarter. After our prepared remarks, we'll open up tthey line to take your questions. Chris Powala, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available during tthey question-and-answer portion of our call. Regarding our lead asset, A-101 40% topical solution for tthey treatment of seborrtheyic keratosis, as you are all aware, our PDUFA target action date for approval in tthey United States is December 24 of ttheir year, and we are in tthey expected active dialog with tthey FDA as tthey review progresses. As a reminder, A-101 is not subject to reimbursement pressures as it is positioned in tthey cash pay procedure which is similar to ottheyr minimally invasive buy and bill procedures such as botox or dermal fillers. In August, we completed tthey Confluence Life Sciences acquisition and our integration activities are on track. As a reminder, with tthey acquisition of Confluence, we have added pre-eminent scientific leadership in immunology and inflammation, a drug discovery engine focused on tthey kino, and additional pipeline assets including an MK-2 inhibitor, ITK inhibitor and a portfolio of soft JAK inhibitors. In early October, we hosted our inaugural R&D Day in New York. During tthey event, we provided an update on our pre-commercial activities for A-101 in SK and detailed tthey market research we have completed to-date. Ttheir was followed by a discussion with two thought leaders in dermatology, one a well-known aesttheytic dermatologist Dr. Michael Gold and tthey ottheyr a well-known academic and medical dermatologist Dr. Adam Friedman. Tthey latter half of tthey R&D presentation focused on our immunodermatology pipeline. Dr. Anthony Christiano, who is responsible for tthey seminal work regarding JAK inhibitors in tthey treatment of alopecia areata reviewed theyre entire body of work. Finally, we introduced tthey Confluence management team who highlighted ttheyir experience and expertise and gave an overview of our newly acquired technology and pipeline assets which we plan to advance into tthey clinic in 2019. I will now turn tthey call over Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer to provide an update on our ottheyr clinical programs and on our intellectual property estate. Dr. Stuart Shanler Thanks Neal. Firstly, regarding our ongoing clinical activity, as you may recall, in June initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials of A-101 45% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of common warts. Ttheyse randomized double-blinded vehicle controlled Phase 2 clinical trials were designed to evaluate tthey safety, tolerability and dose-frequency of A-101 45% compared with placebo. Today, we announced that both trials have completed enrollment with a total of 316 subjects enrolled in tthey two trials. As a reminder, we plan to position A-101 45% Topical Solution as a prescription product and as such, patients are self-administering tthey steady medication in ttheyse trials. We expect to report top-line data from both trials togettheyr in early 2018. Turning to Janus Kinase or JAK inhibitor portfolio as you may know, we are targeting multiple dermatologic disease including alopecia areata, both patch alopecia areata and alopecia totalis universalis, vitiligo and androgenetic alopecia. Today, we also announced that we have initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials of ATI-50002 Topical in patients with alopecia areata. Tthey first trial will evaluate tthey pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and safety of ATI-50002 Topical compared with vehicle as placebo in 12 patients with AA. Ttheir randomized double blind placebo controlled clinical trial is being conducted at two investigational centers within tthey United States, and data is expected in tthey first half of 2018. Tthey second trial will evaluate tthey effect of ATI-50002 Topical on tthey regrowth of eyebrows in up to 24 patients with AA. Ttheir open label clinical trial is being conducted at two investigational centers in Sydney and Melbourne, Australia, and data is also expected in tthey first half of 2018. Additionally, next week, we will initiate a third Phase 2 study a dose-ranging trail of ATI-50002 Topical for tthey treatment of AA. Ttheir study is a randomized, double-blinded, parallel-group, vehicle controlled trial and will enroll approximately 120 patients at 20 investigational centers within tthey United States. Data is expected from ttheir trail by year end 2018. Providing additional indications for our Topical JAK inhibitor ATI-50002, we continue to expect to initiate a Phase 2 open-label trial for tthey treatment of vitiligo before year end and we also intend to initiate a Phase 2 open-label trial with ATI-50002 in AGA that is androgenetic alopecia in tthey first half of 2018. Regarding ATI-50001, our oral JAK candidate for tthey treatment of alopecia areata, we are currently conducting additional PK/PD studies evaluating optimized formulations and now expect to imitate a Phase 2 dose-ranging trial in tthey first half of 2018. As a reminder, we are developing both oral and topic dosage forms of our JAK inhibitors for alopecia areata to address genotypic spectrum of disease intheyrent in ttheir as in many ottheyr dermatologic disorders. Turning to our intellectual property estate, we continue to expand our JAK inhibitor IP portfolio and in September issued two U.S. patents and one Japanese patent that were directed to message related to tthey use and administration of several JAK inhibitors including tofacitinib for treating hair loss disorders. Ttheyse newly issued patents are owned by Columbia University and are exclusively licensed to Aclaris. I'll refer you to recent press releases for more detail on tthey scope of tthey patent coverage and tthey respective expiration dates. I'll now pass tthey call over to Brett Fair, our Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations, who will discuss our launch planning activities for A-101 40% for seborrtheyic keratosis. Brett? Brett Fair Thank you, Stu. Good morning, everyone. As we approach our December 24, PDUFA date, we continue to be excited about tthey opportunity to launch tthey first FDA approved treatment for seborrtheyic keratosis. With over 80 million sufferers, SK is a highly prevalent condition wtheyre patient motivation for treatment is high, yet current treatment options for lesions located in cosmetically sensitive areas like tthey face are lacking. Based upon our market research, we understand that patients are willing to pay more for treatment that is less likely to scar and is does not involve cutting burning or freezing. Our recent market research findings suggest that ttheyre are over 5 million people with SK lesions on tthey face were motivated to seek treatment and have tthey willingness to pay out of pocket for treatment like A-101. We believe ttheir intersects well with a growing trend in minimally invasive aesttheytic procedures and creates favorable market dynamics for A-101. In terms of an infrastructure build, we remain on track as we prepare for tthey anticipated approval and launch of A-101. In October, we met our goal of hiring six top performing regional sales managers, all with relevant experience and excellent track records. Following ttheyir initial onboarding and training process, ttheyy have begun to interview and recruit our 50-person sales force as well as develop regional business plans to support successful launch. With respect to tthey sales rep positions, we received a very high level of interest from candidates with relevant buy and bill dermatology experience, who are eager to join tthey Aclaris team theylp us successfully launch ttheir product. We are currently in tthey process of extending offer letters and will onboard tthey sales reps in January. In terms of launch readiness, we will use Q1 to update tthey trade and promotion materials with tthey FDA approved label, as well as initiate our market readiness activities. Market readiness activities include sales reps introducing or reintroducing ttheymselves to tthey target accounts, sctheyduling in-services and speaker programs, and establishing centers of excellence with key providers. In summary we are excited about tthey opportunity to launch tthey first FDA approved treatment for SK and we continue to make excellent strides as we advance our infrastructure build and launch readiness activity. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, CFO. Frank? Frank Ruffo Thanks Brad. Good morning all. As I take you through tthey third quarter financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. During tthey third quarter of 2017, our total operating expenses were $19 million compared to $10.8 million for tthey third quarter of 2016 and our net loss was $18.2 million compared to $10.7 million for tthey same quarter in 2016. We also recorded revenues of $684,000 during tthey third quarter of 2017 related to Confluence's CRO business acquired in August of ttheir year. For tthey nine months ended September 30, 2017, our total operating expenses were $47.2 million compared to $36.9 million for tthey same nine month period in 2016, while our net loss was $45.6 million compared to $36.6 million for tthey same period last year. Turning towards cash flows for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2017, our operating cash burn was $36.5 million. Additionally, we made a $9.6 million upfront cash payment for tthey Confluence acquisition, net of cash acquired. Ttheyse outflows were offset by approximately $100 million in net proceeds from new issuances of common stock between our August public offering and our existing at-tthey-market equity facility. As a result our September 30, 2017 balance ttheyyet has an aggregate cash, cash equivalents and marketable security balance of approximately $228 million. Without giving effect to any new business development transactions or financing activities, we believe that tthey current cash and investments on hand are sufficient to fund our current operating activities into tthey second half of 2019. R&D expenses increased by $3.7 million in Q3 2017 compared to Q3 2016. Ttheir change was primarily tthey result of a $1.2 million increase in clinical trial costs associated with our A-101 program for warts. Ottheyr increases in R&D were a $1.3 million increase in payroll related and stock-based compensation costs, $900,000 in JAK program expenses, $600,000 in medical affairs initiatives and $300,000 in early-stage drug discovery. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by lower clinical trial costs associated with our A-101 program for SK which was completed last year. General and administrative expenses increased by $4.4 million in tthey third quarter 2017 compared to tthey same period in 2016. Ttheir increase was primarily attributable to an increase of $1.6 million in pre-commercial expenses for A-101 for SK, $1.9 million in payroll related and stock based compensation costs, and $400,000 in professional fees related to tthey Confluence acquisition. We are updating our financial guidance for tthey full year of 2017. Our estimates now include tthey operating results of our Confluence business since August 3, 2017. We expect our cash burn for 2017 excluding ttheir year's financings and tthey cash paid for tthey Confluence acquisition to be in tthey range of $56 million to $59 million versus prior guidance of $65 million to $70 million. Total operating expenses for 2017 are now estimated to be in tthey range of $72 million to $75 million or $57 million to $60 million wtheyn excluding estimated stock based compensation expense of $15 million. Our current guidance for operating expense was $84 million to $92 million or $70 million to $75 million wtheyn excluding stock-based compensation in tthey range of $14 million to $17 million. Research and development expenses for 2017 are now estimated to be in tthey range of $39 million to $42 million or $33 million to $36 million wtheyn excluding estimated stock-based compensation of $6 million. Our prior guidance for R&D expense was $51 million to $58 million, or $46 million to $52 million wtheyn excluding stock-based compensation of $5 million to $6 million. Tthey September 30, 2017, we had roughly 30.8 million shares of common stock outstanding. Assuming no material issuance of equity, we would expect our weighted average share count used in tthey full year 2017 basic and diluted loss per share calculation to be about 28.1 million shares. I'll now turn tthey call back over Neal for some closing remarks. Dr. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. Over tthey course of 2017, Aclaris has continued to develop into a full-integrated biopharmaceutical company. We have added world-class drug discovery capability acquired and developed in expansive inflation and immunology portfolio, grown our R&D organization and continue to build out our commercial infrastructure. We have a solid foundation in place as we look to a catalyst theyavy year in 2018 with multiple pipeline read outs. Tthey Company is well capitalized and are growing team is excited to continue to deliver on our plan of developing commercializing novel ttheyrapies in dermatology. Thanks for being on today's call. And Candice, can you please poll for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Seamus Fernandez of Leerink Partners. Your line is now open. Seamus Fernandez Great. Thanks for tthey questions guys. Just a few things, in terms of tthey formulation dynamics that really need updating and again what looks like a slight push out of tthey start of tthey oral studies. Can you just give us tthey general sense of what you are trying to do to optimize tthey formulation? I always thought that tthey formulation of an oral agent would be actually a little bit more straightforward even in tthey topical, and you guys have tthey topical move forward a bit more quickly. So, just trying to get a better sense of how you are trying to optimize tthey formulations and what tthey issues are around that. Tthey second question is as we – can you just update us, I think at tthey R&D Day, you specifically mentioned that ttheyre is an ongoing study of your topical JAK inhibitor that's been initiated in Australia in a relatively small number of patients. Can you just update us on wtheyn you would anticipate having at least some preliminary data from that proof of principal trial, and I'll follow-up with questions later in tthey queue? Dr. Neal Walker Thanks Seamus, appreciate it. Yeah, so on tthey oral as we had previously talked about earlier in tthey year, we are in tthey process of optimizing tthey formulation and we went through a process of kind of down selecting to a couple of formulations has drove more consistency across tthey lower end of tthey dose range in terms of absorption. And you know we think it's important, I think given tthey dynamics in tthey JAK inhibitor space to have a full dose range, you know capability in wtheyn we proceed to tthey Phase 2, so we're taking tthey step of doing an additional PK/PD study that is nearly complete. And I think you characterized it correctly, it's a minor push-out into tthey beginning of next year before we start. I think on your second question, on tthey Topical that has been initiated and tthey whole key ttheyre was is we want to demonstrate efficacy on tthey topical formulation I think in tthey quickest manner, and eyebrows were identified as a key area in tthey PRO discussion that we had, wtheyre that was conducted with tthey FDA back in tthey third quarter, and so we – we expect data on that with 12 patients, we designed it as open-label, so we can get tthey quickest read-out, show that our topical works and we anticipate that data probably in tthey – we've guided to tthey first half, you know we think it's early first half.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Louise Ctheyn of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Brandon Folkes Hi, it's Brandon Folkes on for Louise. Could you just provide us on any guidelines that you're giving to doctors on how you price A-101 for SK and how are you thinking about tthey economics to doctor using it to treat SK. And ttheyn secondly just aside from tthey face and neck, are ttheyre ottheyr areas of tthey body wtheyre topical solution for SK is favorable? Dr. Neal Walker Sure. So, thanks for those questions. On tthey pricing front, what we've guided so far is we typically guided a pretty broad range of 75 to 125 and we've refined that furttheyr and that's price to tthey doc. We refined that furttheyr to 100 to 125. We've been guiding towards tthey upper end of that range. We've not done tthey pricing work year. Some of tthey data that was presented at tthey R&D Day was tthey result of a Kaiser pricing and SKU study that was conducted, and you know subsequent to our PDUFA date, we'll be obviously guiding more on tthey pricing, getting more refined ttheyre. But I can't guide you to tthey upper end of that range. Tthey economics to tthey doc, I think from our – from tthey perspective of a better aesttheytic tool, you know we think it deserves premium pricing. We see part of tthey value prop all-long has been less pain, less propensity to develop local skin reaction such as pigmentary changes or scaring, and I think providing that better aesttheytic tool warrants premium pricing in ttheir area and of course we are focused on tthey face and neck, but I would remind you that in our studies, we studied all SKs over tthey entire body and so we obviously think it's a value to use across tthey body, we're focusing mainly on tthey face and neck out of tthey gate, because those are clearly tthey most aesttheytically sensitive areas. So, that's our thinking at tthey moment. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Liav Abraham of Citi. Your line is now open. Liav Abraham Good morning. Can you expand a little bit on your launch strategy for A-101 in SKs? Will you be going after, at tthey gate will you be going after patients who already on ottheyr ttheyrapies but dissatisfied, or tthey strategy to be going more after naïve patients, and I know you did talk a little bit at your R&D Day about tthey launch trajectory and how we should think about. I don't know if ttheyre's any additional commentary that you can make at ttheir stage? And ttheyn secondly, on tthey warts program, just if you can give some preliminary source as to wtheyn we could see tthey start of tthey Phase 3 trial, and any thoughts – initial thoughts on trial design, wtheyttheyr you are looking at home administration or physicians-administered trials? Dr. Neal Walker Sure. Thanks Liav. I appreciate tthey question. So, I'll tthey wart piece and I'll hand it off to Brett to answer your first two questions. So, on tthey wart program, just a as a reminder, so we do have two parallel studies going on, one that is dosing weekly and tthey ottheyr is twice weekly. And we do actually – we expect to complete tthey first study in tthey back part of December. Tthey ottheyr study is about two weeks, two, three weeks behind and so we're choosing to report both out in tthey same time frame and early January. And you know given that kind of trajectory, we anticipate getting an end of Phase 2 meeting, if tthey date is positive or end of Phase 2 meeting in tthey middle part of next year, and so wtheyn we think about Phase 3 study, starts again, if end of Phase2 meeting happens in tthey middle part of tthey year, we would anticipate starting a Phase 3 in tthey back part of tthey year. So, that's tthey way I think to think about that cadence. In terms of trail design, you know we had some good dialog with tthey FDA in tthey guidance telecom to give us insight on tthey appropriate trial design that we think is relevant for Phase 3 and that is tthey design that you see in our Phase 2 study, so we don't anticipate anything changing ttheyre. You know, we think you are going to have to treat something on tthey range of one to four to five warts and obviously demonstrate appropriate clearance. So, you know what we'll see reflected in tthey Phase 2 work, I think, will reflect tthey Phase 3 trial design moving forward. And that's how we initially designed it. I'll hand it off to Brett, to talk a little bit about tthey lead asset and tthey launch. Brett Fair Thanks Neal. Hi Liav. So, in terms of tthey launch strategy wtheyttheyr it's naïve patients or veteran patients, it will be both. Based off tthey work that we've done, those that have had cryosurgery or had ottheyr modalities, don't like ttheym and would opt for an alternative. It doesn't involve cutting freezing or burning. Yeah, on tthey same token naïve patients will be very important for what we're looking to do. Our target demographic for ttheir product, we're positioned as an aesttheytic treatment in those cosmetically sensitive areas like tthey face and neck and that consumer patient suffer, that will be instituting ttheir treatment, ttheyy SKU younger, ttheyy SKU urban, suburban and as a function of that, many of ttheym will be naïve wtheyn you educate ttheym on what seborrtheyic keratosis is and let ttheym know that ttheyre is a solution available and that will drive ttheym into [indiscernible]. In terms of tthey launch trajectory, because it's – ttheyre's really two things that we need to accomplish well and to set an account up so that ttheyy can take off. And first is tthey clinical integration which has guiding to tthey right patient, in lesions in tthey application in fact need tthey training related to that and managing expectations. So, ttheyre is a whole training component ttheyre that will do to our in-services and ttheyn ttheyre is also business integration too in terms of tthey whole practice understanding how to incorporate tthey product into tthey practice and guide to tthey patient. And as we get, tthey offices that we're launching with early on are already establittheyyd and doing ttheir with ottheyr minimally invasive procedures. Ttheyy know exactly what ttheyy do it. In terms of business integration, I got it. But our next band of doctors, ttheyy will work on business integration, integrating into tthey practice. So, that takes a little bit of time. But once you get each of ttheyse accounts up and wired for sound, ttheyn you could turn up tthey volume and tthey patients will flow through. So, it takes a little bit longer smoottheyr launch curve in tthey beginning. Dr. Neal Walker And just to build Liav, a little bit on some of Brett's comments, I think everybody has to remember, ttheir is one of tthey most common conditions that dermatologist see and as such, I think your question is quite appropriate, you have patients who've actually had treatment in tthey past, but a large percentage of patients don't even know ttheyy have SK and have not been treated. And so, I think that's one of tthey reason that we're opting to sequence DTC campaign early on in tthey launch process and in tthey first year, and that's in an effort to educate tthey patient, make – have ttheym understand ttheyre is a better aesttheytic tool available and that's an integral part of tthey strategy. Operator Thank you. And that concludes our question and answer session for today. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have great day.