Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 18, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Kamil Ali-Jackson - Co-Founder and Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - Co-Founder Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stuart Shanler - Co-Founder and Chief Scientific Officer Jeff Wayne - Interim Chief Commercial Officer Frank Ruffo - Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer David Gordon - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Blair Cotheyn - Guggentheyim Securities Timothy Lugo - William Blair Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. Ma'am, you may begin. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I'm Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued it's press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me today for tthey call are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer; and Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial Officer. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018, and ottheyr filings Aclaris' makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filing section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast and slide deck is posted in tthey investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll start with a brief update on our business highlights and ttheyn touch on a few of our clinical development programs. Ttheyn I'll hand it off to Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; who will review our clinical development plans and timelines. Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial will ttheyn address our commercial business, after which Frank Ruffo, our CFO; will review our financial results. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up tthey line to take your questions. Dr. David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer, will also be available during tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. We are really excited to enter 2019, a year in which we are relaunching RHOFADE and also reporting out a number of important data catalyst across our clinical pipeline. Starting with commercial; in October we acquired worldwide rights to RHOFADE cream, we closed tthey deal at tthey end of last November, and in December, our sales team began promoting RHOFADE. I'll start with a few updates on ttheir transaction. First, tthey transition and integration from Allergan to Aclaris has proceeded smoothly, and ttheyy have been a good partner. Second, we recently changed leadership on tthey commercial side of tthey business with tthey appointment of Jeff Wayne as our new Interim Head of Commercial. Jeff brings over 30 years of pharmaceutical experience with a majority spend in dermatology. During their career, they has theyld positions of increasing responsibility in sales, marketing and general management with Galderma, Intendis, Promius, Onset and LEO Pharma. He launctheyd METROGEL in both, tthey United States and Canada and was responsible for tthey marketing of FINACEA in tthey United States as well. Ttheyse are two medications prescribed for tthey treatment of rosacea. In addition, in their role as Vice President of Business Development, they managed tthey RHOFADE transaction from tthey beginning, providing a seamless transition of leadership for us. Third, as a result of tthey RHOFADE acquisition, we have realigned our field force with an emphasis on targeting existing and potential RHOFADE prescribers. And finally, after a successful national sales meeting and AAD meeting in February, we are pleased to announce our sales force is now focused on officially relaunching RHOFADE in tthey primary detail position. Thus far in tthey first quarter of 2019 we are encouraged by tthey early prescription trends as tthey 4-week IQVIA data for tthey period ending March 8 indicates that we experienced an 8.4% increase in TRXs or total prescriptions as compared to tthey prior 4-weeks. NRXs or new prescriptions for tthey 8-weeks ending March 8 are 16% higtheyr than tthey NRXs for tthey 8-weeks immediately before we began promoting RHOFADE. Moving to tthey fourth quarter results. During tthey fourth quarter, total net revenue was $3.7 million which consisted of net sales of ESKATA of $750,000, net sales of RHOFADE of $1.1 million which was for December only, and contract research revenue of $1.3 million. While fourth quarter and full year of ESKATA sales were below our expectations, we continue to believe in tthey long-term potential for tthey product. Now turning to our pipeline, a few items to note. We have a very busy and exciting year atheyad of us and we expect to report results from multiple studies regarding tthey efficacy and safety of our portfolio of clinical drug candidates for tthey treatment of common warts, alopecia areata, and our genetic alopecia, atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Before handing it off to Stu to review regular clinical reporting, I would like to provide a brief update on our eyebrow study that was conducted in Australia, as well as our review of our next clinical candidate, an MK2 inhibitor, known as ATI-450 which is tthey first compound that is coming out of our confluence acquisition in late 2017. At ttheir time I would ask you to turn to tthey Slide presentation that we provided. If we turn to Slide 3, ttheir is just a pipeline overview of what we have coming down tthey pike in 2019; we have a common wart program in Phase III that will readout in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. We have two alopecia areata trials that will readout in tthey second and third quarter respectively ttheir year. And ttheyn we have three open label studies, androgenetic alopecia, vitiligo and atopic dermatitis that will readout in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Next in-line will be tthey MK2 inhibitor wtheyre we will be filing an IND in tthey second quarter ttheir year and ttheyn moving into a series of sad math studies on root to proving out tthey concept in a cohort of RA patients in 2020. First, an update on tthey Australian eyebrow study; and I would ask that you turn to Slides 5 through 8. As you may recall, we previously showed pictures and presented data in December of last year. 12 patients were initially recruited in tthey study and 5 have continued past 6-months on study drug. I'm pleased to provide an update from tthey ongoing extension phase of tthey study. Hair regrowth continues in 3 of tthey 5 patients, and as you can clearly see from a tthey photos, ttheyre has been furttheyr improvement over tthey last three months. Tthey first subject is a 33-year old male who has had alopecia areata since 2009. With a current episode of eyebrow loss being approximately 8 years in duration. As of tthey end of February ttheir subject has had a little over 8 months of exposure to study drug. In ttheir close up, we can see nice regrowth in tthey frontal view, and also tthey ensuing side views in tthey subsequent slides. It is important to note that tthey brow-arctheyss [ph] have been re-establittheyyd and sustained. Turning to 9 throughout 12; ttheir subject is a 23 year old that has been on study drug for approximately 9 months. Tthey 9 months photos for ttheir subjects were also already presented in December, again, we see nice regrowth in tthey frontal view, and also in tthey side view, each of tthey subsequent slide. Now turning to slides 13 through 16; ttheir is a 45-year old female with alopecia areata since 1986. Tthey current duration of areata loss is approximately 5 years prior to entering tthey study. Sthey has had prior ttheyrapy in tthey past and has been on study drug for approximately 9 months. Here is tthey frontal view showing nice hair regrowth and re-establishment of tthey brow arch. Again, looking at tthey side view close-up, we see valus [ph] and terminal hair regrowth and many white terminal hairs. Ttheir subject had demonstrated hair growth at 6-months but has since continued to improve with ongoing ttheyrapy and tthey extension study. Ttheir is particularly impressive in our opinion given tthey long-standing [indiscernible] nature of theyr disease. We believe ttheyse results demonstrate what we have maintained since tthey beginning of our work in ttheir area that tthey topical approach with ttheir mechanism is viable. Now why is ttheir important? If you turn to Slide 17, as you may recall, we presented a few slides in December that I would like to briefly touch on again. Ttheir is a slide depicting tthey ptheynotypic spectrum of hair loss that we tend to see in clinical practice. Ttheir is a relatively broad spectrum of hair loss within tthey overall category of alopecia areata. Severe disease involves complete loss of scalp hair and ttheir is what tthey oral JAK inhibitor programs, including our own are targeting which you can see in tthey picture on tthey bottom of tthey slide. However, ttheyre continues to be an unmet medical need in patients who have lower degrees of hair loss or sole scores [ph], and many of ttheyse patients don't even qualify for tthey ongoing oral JAK inhibitor trials. We simply can't forget about ttheyse patients, tthey disease patients who represent tthey majority of those suffering from alopecia areata. It is ttheir ptheynotypic spectrum, tthey drives that need to be thinking about post oral and topical treatment. Moving to Slide 18 and furttheyr to tthey point about tthey importance of topical ttheyrapy; ttheir is tthey current treatment paradigm as listed on tthey National Alopecia Areata Foundation's website. Treatment decisions are often made on tthey basis of age of tthey patient and extent of disease, if you are younger, you typically receive various topical options as first line treatment as indicated on tthey left hand portion of tthey slide. Ttheir is also tthey case wtheyn your extent of disease is less than 50% involvement on tthey scalp as you can see in tthey middle. As tthey extent of disease increases, you're more likely to employ systemic treatments along with topical options or possibly steroid injections. It is interesting to note, that ttheir type of treatment algorithm is typical of most dermatology disorders including acne and psoriasis. Ttheir flowchart is extremely useful in informing how we think about tthey future potential treatment paradigms with JAK inhibitors, both oral and topical. So turning to Slide 19, ttheir is how we think about orals and topicals. As you can see theyre, younger patients or those with less severe disease will be candidates for topical treatments and ttheir represents tthey bulk of tthey prevalent alopecia areata population. Those with more severe disease might use a course of topical treatment to decrease tthey time on oral ttheyrapy or potentially step down to topical treatment after a successful course of oral ttheyrapy. As previously announced, patients from our blinded, oral and topical Phase II studies have tthey opportunity to continue in long-term open-label expansion studies. Ttheir program was specifically designed to provide us with tthey unique dataset allowing us to evaluate induction with eittheyr an oral or topical formulation and potential maintenance of tthey fact with long-term topical ttheyrapy. Since ttheyse two studies are blinded, we do not have data to share at ttheir time but today we have shared additional data from tthey previously reported eyebrow study that continue to show tthey utility of topical ttheyrapy with a favorable risk benefit profile in ttheir disease. Ttheir is very important since AA is chronic and it's characterized by tthey need for longer continuous treatment regiments. Ttheir is in contrast for diseases such as atopic dermatitis which although chronic tend to be more episodic in nature. As an example, efficacy in atopic dermatitis trials are typically assessed at 1-4 months wtheyre ongoing oral JAK inhibitor trials assess efficacy after 6-9 months of treatment on our oral with tthey recognition tthey longer term efficacy needs to be assessed beyond that time point. Ttheyse updates photographs shown in tthey tree [ph] with our topical JAK inhibitor can lead to hair growth, even in patients with severe and long lasting disease. Many alopecia areata patients will require a chronic ttheyrapy and patients can achieve good hair regrowth with a topical treatment route which could limit systemic adverse events. Tthey safety results thus far indicates ATI-502 has been generally well tolerated, and no treatment related serious adverse events have been reported to-date. I would like to finish with a brief mention about our MK2 inhibitor program. Our investigation shown new drug application or IND for ATI-450 is on-track for submission to tthey FDA for rtheyumatoid arthritis in mid-2019. In FY19 [ph], we expect to begin a Phase I and Phase II trial in tthey second half of 2019; ttheir is tthey first clinical candidate coming from our confluence drug discovery team acquired in 2017. Turning to Slide 21, ATI-450 is an oral compound that targets tthey production and activity of TNF alpha, IL-1 alpha and beta, and IL-6; ttheyse are all cytokine targets of establittheyyd biologics such as tthey well-known anti-TNF and anti-IL-1s and anti-IL-6s listed on ttheir slide. If successful, we believe ATI-450 would be a ttheyrapeutic with a broad array of both, dermatology and non-dermatology indications. Turning to Slide 22, some of you may be familiar with tthey p38 pathway. p38 controls a myriad of housekeeping functions, anti-inflammatory pathways and various ottheyr processes. MK2 sitting downstream, once activated, specifically upregulates key pro-inflammatory signals such as TNF alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6 that drive inflammation. Turning to Slide 23, ATI-450 works a little differently. It works downstream and does not block activation of anti-inflammatory pathways or affect ottheyr housekeeping functions of p38. It is designed to specifically target tthey pro-inflammatory pathways. Slide 24, we have tested ttheir hypottheysis in a mouse LPS induced TNF alpha model. Here we know that tthey global p38 inhibitor CDD-111 exhibited tachyphylaxis, i.e. loss inhibition overtime, which is similar to what was observed in clinical studies in both, inflammatory valve disease and RA studies theirtorically with both global p38 inhibitors. In contrast, ATI-450 was observed to have a durable response, no tachyphylaxis, over tthey course of tthey study in ttheir model. Turning to Slide 25, we have also studied ATI-450 in a variety of pre-clinical models demonstrating joint protection and preservation of bone in a rare arthritis model, anti-inflammatory action and preservation of tthey crypt architecture in a mouse ulcerative colitis model, decrease of IL-1 beta in a caps [ph] model, and reduction in bone metastasis in a mouse model which was affecting tthey stronger microenvironment. By targeting MK2 ttheyse studies demonstrate it may be possible to maintain efficacy in ttheyse models while avoiding tthey theirtoric issues with traditional p38 ttheyrapeutics. We expect to file our IND in tthey middle of ttheir year and ttheym embark on sad-mad [ph] work in order to evaluate tthey efficacy in a small cohort of RA patients, and prove out tthey hypottheysis that we have demonstrated preclinically. I will now turn it over to Dr. Stuart Shanler, our CSO, who will provide an update on our clinical activities and programs. Stu? Stuart Shanler Thanks, Neal, and good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to start ttheir section of tthey call by announcing that by tthey end of ttheir month we expect to complete recruitment of all tthey patients for our ongoing clinical trials. As such, ttheir means we can be focused on successfully completing tthey treatment phases of ttheyse trials and on tthey important work needed to analyze and report tthey data from ttheyse studies. I'll take a few minutes now to talk about some tthey specifics. Leading all for our awareness program, in September 2018 we initiated our Phase III clinical development program for A101 45% topical solutions for tthey treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris. Our 2 pivotal Phase III trials, named THWART-1 and THWART-2, for tthey treatment of common warts are progressing as planned. THWART-2 has completed enrollment and THWART-1 is expected to complete enrollment by tthey end of ttheir month. We will enroll a total of approximately 1,000 patients across both studies and expect to report top line data in tthey second half of 2019. Additionally, we have an ongoing open-label safety extension trial which will complete tthey clinical requirements for tthey NDA filing and we plan to submit an NDA in tthey first half of 2020. As a reminder, A-101 45% has tthey potential to be tthey first FDA approved prescription treatment for common warts. Moving on to our JAK or Janus kinase inhibitor trials. As a reminder, we are developing both oral and topical formulations of our JAK 1/3 inhibitors for tthey treatment of alopecia areata. Our program will investigate ttheyse medicines in tthey full clinical spectrum of disease intheyrited alopecia areata ranging from pathway disease to alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis. Tthey clinical JAK program is now fully recruited and we look forward to tthey study completions and for tthey analysis of ttheyse blinded Phase II topical and oral JAK inhibitor in alopecia areata studies. AA-201 topical is a Phase II trial of our ATI-502, our topical JAK 1/3 inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA and it is progressing as planned. Ttheir randomized double-blinded parallel viable controlled trial is evaluating tthey safety, efficacy and dose response of two concentrations of ATI-502 on [indiscernible] and 129 patients with AA; tthey data are expected in tthey second quarter of 2019. Moving to our oral program; AUATB-201 oral is an ongoing Phase II dose ranging trial of ATI-502, our oral JAK 1/3 inhibitor for tthey treatment of alopecia areata. Ttheir randomized double-blinded parallel group placebo-controlled trial is evaluating tthey safety, efficacy and dose response of three doses of ATI-501 on regrowth of hair in 87 patients with alopecia areata. Data from ttheir study are expected in tthey second half of 2019. Our topical AGA, androgenetic alopecia study, AGA-201 topical is an ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AGA, also known as male and female pattern hair loss. As a reminder, approximately 70% of men and 40% of women in tthey U.S. will experience ttheir at some point in ttheyir lives. Our AGA-201 topical trial is evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in 31 patients with AGA, and 6-months and 12-months data are expected in tthey second quarter and second half of 2019 respectively. Ttheir study has enrolled 21 male and 10 female patients and we will be evaluating metrics including total hair count, hair width and investigative and subject assessments. Finally, we have two ottheyr ongoing open-label clinical trials and vitiligo and atopic dermatitis, i.e. VITI-201 topical and AG-201 topical respectively which will also readout later ttheir year. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial, who will provide an update on our commercial activities. Jeff? Jeff Wayne Thank you, Stu, good morning, everyone. As we remind, our RHOFADE is approved in tthey United States for tthey topical treatment of persistent facial eryttheyma or redness, associated with rosacea in adults, and can be used in conjunction with many ottheyr medications which are approved to treat tthey ottheyr manifestations of rosacea such as papules and pustules. Tthey National Rosacea Society estimates that approximately 16 million Americans are affected by rosacea. And persistent facial redness is tthey most common sign or symptom of rosacea affecting 71% of rosacea patients according to a survey conducted by tthey same society. Rosacea like many dermatological conditions such as acne can present with multiple symptoms. And like tthey acne patients, rosacea patients often require multiple medications to manage ottheyr symptoms. It's important to note that most of tthey pharmacological agents currently approved by tthey U.S. Food & Drug Administration are approved for treatment of papules and pustules associated with rosacea, ttheyy have little or no effect on persistent facial redness. As new rosacea treatment algorithms emerge, RHOFADE will be an essential component to treat tthey persistent facial eryttheyma that is a significant and bottheyrsome symptom in most rosacea sufferers. Tthey RHOFADE launch campaign was rolled out at our national sales meeting in tthey week of February 18, and RHOFADE is now tthey primary focus of our commercial efforts. After a compretheynsive training program, tthey team left energized, prepared and armed with tthey tools needed to execute or RHOFADE strategy. As part of tthey RHOFADE relaunch, we completed a sales force realignment resulting in 50 territories. Tthey RHOFADE theyalthcare practioner targeting methodology was used to utilize advanced analytics incorporating theirtorical prescribing habits for persistent facial eryttheyma products such as RHOFADE and ROVASO [ph], branded rosacea treatments and ottheyr related inputs. Tthey result was tthey target list of approximately 6,000 theyalthcare professionals which we believe represents tthey greatest potential for near and long-term growth. It should be made note that ttheir is a 97% match with tthey call file that had been in place prior to tthey acquisition, and represents about 73% of tthey branded rosacea market. Our sales force will call in our A targets with a frequency of at least one call every two weeks and at least once a month for our B targets. Tthey RHOFADE ACP targeting methodology really was designed to drive three major priorities; one, was to increase prescribing by current RHOFADE prescribers. Second, was to recapture lost share from theyalthcare providers who decreased ttheyir prescribing during 2018. And finally, capitalized on untapped potential with rosacea treating theyalthcare professionals who aren't yet prescribing medication to treat persistent facial eryttheyma. We are continuing tthey existing patient savings card program initiated by our game [ph] to ensure consistency and seamless coverage while we have more ways to maximize tthey program in tthey near future. And we believe that tthey current program is beneficial for patients, theyalthcare professionals and tthey players. As far as patents are concerned, 80% of commercial lines are covered for RHOFADE with roughly 50% of total lines being covered with unrestricted access. Currently 92% of RHOFADE cream prescriptions come from commercial coverage; while we believe that ttheir represents strong coverage for RHOFADE cream, one of our key initiatives for 2019 will be to improve tthey total lines covered, as well as to improve unrestricted access. Although we are in tthey early stages of tthey RHOFADE relaunch, we are very encouraged by tthey results to-date. Tthey annual resetting of deductibles on January 1 caused most brands to show a decline of volume early in tthey year due to tthey resulting significant out-of-pocket expenses required of patients. Despite ttheir pressure, in tthey most recent weeks of tthey IQVIA data, we see RHOFADE prescriptions breaking through somewhat flat period in tthey early weeks and growing once again. In fact, tthey 4-week IQVIA data for tthey period ending March 8 indicates that total RHOFADE prescriptions increase by 8.4% as compared to tthey prior 4-week period, and new prescriptions for tthey 8-weeks ending March 8 were 16% higtheyr than tthey new prescriptions for tthey 8-weeks immediately before we began promoting RHOFADE. Now moving to ESKATA; ESKATA sales remained below our expectations but we continue to believe in tthey potential of tthey product. Given tthey focus on RHOFADE, ESKATA has been moved to second position in tthey promotion sctheydule. Tthey sales team plans to focus on tthey Top 10 ESKATA accounts in terms of productivity in each territory with tthey objective of increasing utilization in ttheyse higtheyr volume offices. We also received recent European approvals for ESKATA or ESKARIO [ph] which will it be known as in some of tthey European countries and are in active discussions with potential commercial partners. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO, who will provide an overview of tthey financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2018. Frank Ruffo Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. As I walk through our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. For furttheyr detail, please refer to MD&A section in our Form 10-K that will be filed ttheir morning. For tthey quarter ended December 31, 2018, total net revenues were $3.7 million, which consisted of net ESKATA sales of $760,000, net RHOFADE sales of $1.1 million which represents only tthey sales made during tthey month of December, contract research revenues of $1.1 million, and ottheyr revenues of $500,000. For tthey year ended December 31, 2018, total net revenues were $10.1 million, which consisted of net ESKATA sales of $2.8 million, net RHOFADE sales of $1.1 million, contract research revenues of $4.7 million, and ottheyr revenue of $1.5 million which to remind you is related to our agreement with Ciptheyr to commercial ESKATA in Canada. Cost of revenues were $3.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 and was comprised $1.2 million, and $1 million of costs related to ESKATA and RHOFADE respectively. Ttheyse costs included a one-time non-cash inventory write-off charge of $1 million related to ESKATA and $700,000 of non-cash amortization related to tthey RHOFADE acquisition, most of which will be a recurring monthly amortization charge for RHOFADE going forward. We also incurred $1.3 million of costs related to our CRO business. Cost of revenues was $6.9 million for tthey full year of 2018 and was comprised of $1.5 million and $1 million of costs related to ESKATA and RHOFADE respectively, and $3 million of cost related to our CRO business. During tthey quarter and year ended December 31, 2018, our total net revenue was $1 million and $1.7 million respectively which consisted entirely of CRO revenues with $800,000 and $1.2 million of cost of revenues. Ttheyse revenues commenced with our acquisition of Confluence in August of 2017. Switching to our operating expenses. For tthey full year of 2018, our total R&D expenses were $63 million, which was within our revised guidance of $62 million to $64 million. Ttheir included non-cash stock-based compensation of approximately $7 million. For tthey fall of 2018, our SG&A expenses which combines our sales and marketing and general and administrative expense line items were $75.6 million which compared favorably to our revised guidance of $77 million to $79 million for tthey year. Ttheir included non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $13 million. Our net loss was $132.7 million for 2018 compared to $68.5 million for 2017. While our operating cash burn for 2018 was $100.8 million compared to $54.7 million for 2017. In 2018, we incurred $23.2 million in non-cash charges and benefited from $9.4 million in cash provided from changes in our working capital. As of December 31, 2018, we had cash and investments of $168 million, and have 41.2 million shares of common outstanding. We anticipate that our current capital will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey fourth quarter of 2020 without giving effect to any additional potential new business development transactions or financing activities. Now turning to our financial outlook for tthey full year 2019, theyre are our initial operating expense estimates. We expect full year 2019 GAAP R&D expenses to be in tthey range of $61 million to $64 million including estimated stock-based compensation of $7 million. Ttheyse expenses will be driven by tthey completion of our Phase III wart trials, two Phase II dose arranging trials in AA, various open labeled JAK trials, and tthey advancement of our preclinical pipeline including an IND filing for ATI-450. We expect our 2019 GAAP sales and marketing expenses to be in tthey range of $37 million to $40 million, including estimated stock-based compensation of $4 million. And we expect our 2019 GAAP G&A expenses to be in tthey range of $29 million to $31 million including estimated stock-based compensation of $10 million. Assuming no material issuances of equity in 2019, we would expect our full year 2019 weighted average shares outstanding to be about 41.5 million shares. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Neal for some closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. Again, 2019 will be an exciting year for Aclaris. In fact, it will be our most catalyst-rich year since forming tthey company. We'll be extremely busy, we're relaunching RHOFADE, as well as reporting on data from a number of clinical studies with a particular emphasis on hair loss disorders. We're also moving ATI-450, our first preclinical asset from tthey confluence acquisition into tthey clinic ttheir year opening up a whole new area in inflammation and immunology for us. We look forward to providing updates on our pipeline throughout tthey second and third quarters ttheir year. And with that, Shannon, if you could please pull for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Louise Ctheyn with Cantor Fitzgerald. Unidentified Analyst We have two questions theyre. Tthey first is, just comparing tthey 6-months data and tthey 12-months data for AGA and vitiligo; what should we expect to see at each time point? And especially at tthey 6-months data what would you consider a success volume to tthey 12-month data? And ttheyn my second question is, RHOFADE seems to be doing very well at $1.1 million, and I just wanted to get your ideas on what your current expectations are on tthey launch now? And if ttheyre is any quarterly bumpiness we should keep in mind going forward? Thanks. Neal Walker So almost 6-months data and 12-month for AGA and vitiligo, we're -- as we said on tthey call for AGA in particular, we're looking at things like tthey investigators assessment, tthey subjects assessment, hair width, hair count data and importantly, tthey pictures. So what we're looking to show at 6-months in particular with AGA is to show clinical pictorial evidence of hair regrowth which is what patients care about. I think it's important to note in tthey AGA study, we're looking at both, males and females, and that's because ttheir is a non-hormonal treatment and so we decided to look at both sexes. So we're looking forward to presenting that data in tthey second quarter ttheir year. And tthey 12-month data is basically, take -- just verifying that tthey efficacy that you see at 6-months holds and in fact expands. Typically with conditions like hair loss as we've seen with alopecia areata, and vitiligo, tthey first signal is that 6-months and ttheyn, what you like to see is just improvement in results as you get out to 12-months. And in fact, if I just pull that back to tthey alopecia areata photos that we just updated, it's just indicative of what you're going to find. In hair loss conditions, you want -- it's more of a maintenance response, you want to see continued improvement overtime and ttheyn once you get that full result, you want to see it maintained and to maintain it you have to stay on drug. So I think that's why we like to look at both 6-months and 12-month endpoints, in particular, in conditions like ttheir. On tthey RHOFADE side, I agree, it's doing very well, we're very excited about it and Frank can maybe talk a little bit about our expectations going forward. Frank Ruffo Again, our trailing 12-months revenues for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017 as evidenced through tthey Allergan promotion was about just over $17 million, I think we shared a number similar to that on tthey prior call. So that would give you a pretty good idea what tthey run rate was last year. We had $1.1 million in revenues in December, of course, we expect that to increase and prescriptions are going very nicely at ttheir time. As far as lumpiness and volatility, we probably could expect a little bit on tthey gross to nets bouncing around tthey 3 years, we kind of transition through tthey Allergan TSA; but again, I don't think it's anything too significant, we can hopefully stay on that same run rate as we move along. As far as seasonality, maybe I'll let Jeff comment a little bit on that or maybe some bumpiness related to that we could expect. Jeff Wayne Yes, I think rosacea tends to flare during tthey colder months, so any ups and downs over tthey next couple of quarters would be more related to seasonality than anything else. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Adnan Butt with Guggentheyim Securities. Blair Cotheyn Ttheir is Blair Cotheyn on for Adnan. Just a couple for me. For tthey upcoming alopecia readouts, are you guys planning on releasing eittheyr baseline SALT scores or maybe change from baseline and SALT? And also, what do you expect tthey timing of tthey -- or actually to tthey cadence for tthey 2Q readouts? Do you think those will all come out at once or will those be released throughout tthey quarter? Neal Walker So let me start and I'll hand it off to David who can go through it in a little bit more detail. So in terms of tthey cadence, what we would expect is that we will report data from our open-label studies with AGA, first, with vitiligo and AD, tthey 6-month data, and ttheyn we will roll into tthey topical patchy study, tthey double-blinded placebo-controlled study for alopecia areata, subsequent to that would be tthey oral program in alopecia areata. And ttheyn finally, tthey wart Phase III data in tthey third quarter. And I'll hand off to David. David Gordon Yes, we are looking at tthey endpoints that you mentioned, tthey primary endpoint is tthey change in SALT score compared to tthey vehicle. We'll also -- I think it will be important to look at factors like tthey ones you mentioned about tthey severity of disease at baseline; so you look at response rate based on duration of disease, tthey extent of disease such as tthey SALT, and one of tthey ways that we've designed ttheir program is to theylp us design tthey optimal Phase III. So we will be -- it will be very important to be able to look at who tthey responders are and who's best responding to a topical treatment. Blair Cotheyn And just on tthey gross to net for RHOFADE; what have you guys seen so far and how do you expect that to trend throughout 2019? Thank you. Frank Ruffo So we talked a little bit about tthey $70 million quarterly run rate that Allergan experienced, ttheyir gross to net was bouncing around between $60 million and $70 million, and that varied quarter-to-quarter, a lot of factors go into ttheyir including returns in tthey co-pay cards and changes to tthey co-pay cards. As we kind of move forward, we hope to operate within that, but just know that ttheyre are many levers ttheyre that we can pull; and tthey biggest part of really around gross to net are particularly tthey part of tthey program that's related to tthey co-pay assistance, that's tthey biggest chunk of gross to net, and that's tthey one that we'll have probably tthey most control over. And so, you know, as you think about that, you have lots of different ways you can kind of exhaust [ph] that coupon program, and so one of tthey ways is just by increasing co-pays on tthey coupon program but ttheyre is always such risks that you need to always think very carefully about that and how that would impact our volume going forward. So that's our challenge is to kind of have tthey right mix, control that gross to net as we move forward, and kind of have doctors being able to write RHOFADE and get those prescriptions filled. So that's tthey challenge and that's kind of what we'll undertake in tthey upcoming quarters. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tim Lugo with William Blair. Your line is open. Timothy Lugo What are your thoughts around using SALT scores less than or equal to 10 in future trials? [Technical Difficulty]. Neal Walker Tim, we can't theyar you. Can you repeat tthey question? You got a bad connection. Timothy Lugo Yes, sorry about that. What are your thoughts around using SALT scores less than or equal to 10 in future trials? It seems like that might be a little unreasonable of a bar for tthey topical approach. David Gordon Yes, so we've talked very hard about ttheir, you can see that, Lily and Pfizer have essentially gone forward with that as ttheyir endpoints, and I think wtheyre you're getting at is that ttheyir populations have SALT scores of more than 50% of baseline, so it seems to be a reasonable endpoint to use in that population, and I guess tthey question is, what happens if you go into tthey less severe population. So our -- ttheir goes back to maybe a little bit of tthey question I answered before; our study is going to allow us to answer that question based on tthey different populations that we are studying in Phase II, so we will know how good that endpoint is based on severity of patients coming into tthey study. So it's an option, we'll know how our drug stacks up against that endpoint but we're also looking at various ottheyr ways to assess tthey efficacy of our drug. So I think ttheir is one option and we'll make sure that we select tthey endpoint which best shows how tthey drug is working as we go into Phase III. Timothy Lugo And it continues to look like tthey early you treat patients, tthey better tthey outcomes. Are you going to have a good idea around how you compare versus ottheyrs in developing ttheyrapies, given tthey baselines of your studies? David Gordon Yes. So we are paying a lot of attention to that as well, and you know, Pfizer presented data at AAD showing that tthey cut-off in ttheyir data seemed to be around about 3.5 years. So if you have disease for more than 3.5 years, you seem to do -- ttheyre is less chance of responding to patients that had disease for less than 3.5 years. So we will also look at that population in our Phase II and be able to look at wtheyre our cut-off is, we know that tthey median duration of disease in our Phase II is actually around about two years; so I think that gives us a population who we hope have a good chance for responding to drug. Neal Walker Just to complete tthey thoughts ttheyre, that's why we mentioned a little about -- you can look at ottheyrs in ttheir space that are doing oral work, tthey studies are starting to migrate out to 9-months in some cases and Pfizer's primary is at 6-months in ttheyir oral study, but ttheyn looking at efficacy, again, at 44-weeks, so that's 11-months. So I think if you just -- if you start putting all ttheyse things into context, tthey reality is you have to go out a little bit longer with ttheyse patients, hair growth is a little bit different animal than something like atopic dermatitis. And some of tthey pictures we are showing, particularly that last picture today, that female has had really nice response, ttheyy's actually one of tthey most enthusiastic, finally having eyebrows back after 5 years, and ttheyy's had disease since 1986; so ttheyy would be considered a very recalcitrant patient. So that's all reasons why we just think that tthey topical is vitally important in ttheir disease. Timothy Lugo And maybe one last one; can you talk about use of an induction dose for maybe furttheyr work or just your thoughts around an induction dosing? David Gordon Yes. So, we've constructed tthey whole Phase II program to answer a number of questions including that one. So, in our oral JAK program, after 6-months, patients ttheyn have tthey option to go onto tthey topical and we'll look to see if we can maintain efficacy that would be seen with tthey oral as we switch patients to tthey topical. And I think that's going to be a very important question to answer, but it will be unique in producing that kind of data. I think tthey JAK inhibitors look like -- ttheyir effects have tthey challenge that clinicians and patients are going to have is, can you deliver that efficacy over tthey long-term and avoid some of tthey systemic adverse events? And I think that tthey topical really provides a very viable way to do that and that's why we're enthusiastic about ttheir as a treatment paradigm. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Neal Walker for closing remarks. Neal Walker Thanks everybody for attending tthey call ttheir morning. Really appreciate it, and we look forward to providing furttheyr updates as tthey year continues. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation and have a wonderful day.