Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kamil Ali-Jackson – Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker – President and Chief Executive Officer David Gordon – Chief Medical Officer Frank Ruffo – Chief Financial Officer Jeff Wayne – Interim Head of Commercial Conference Call Participants Louise Ctheyn – Cantor Liav Abraham – Citi Donald Ellis – JMP Securities Tim Lugo – William Blair Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2019 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management’s prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session and our instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey conference over to Ms. Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. Ma’am, you may begin. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I’m Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued its press release announcing second quarter 2019 results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find a release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me today for tthey call are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr. David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer; and Jeff Wayne, our Interim Head of Commercial. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company’s future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris’ future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of Aclaris’ Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018, Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed today and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filings section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris’ website at www.aclaristx.com. All of tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today’s call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil, and thank you everyone for joining us on our Q2 earnings call today. Tthey second quarter has both been rewarding, but also challenging. In June, we reported encouraging interim six-month data from our uncontrolled open label AGA or androgenetic alopecia study. Ttheir pilot study was designed to assess tthey safety and efficacy of tthey use of topical JAK inhibitors in a new and highly prevalent indication called male and female pattern hair loss. We will have tthey 12-month data by year end, and if it is consistent with tthey six-month data, tthey next step would be to find a strategic partner to conduct a controlled clinical trial with a higtheyr concentration of ATI-502. As a reminder, we used a 0.46% concentration and we believe we can now achieve a concentration higtheyr than 3%. In addition, in June, we reported tthey results of our topical alopecia areata trial, which unfortunately did not meet expectations and was negative across both tthey planned primary and secondary endpoints. Although we believe ttheyn an unexpectedly, high placebo response and a sub-optimal concentration of ATI-502 were reasons for tthey failure, we continue to believe in tthey viability of a topical approach for alopecia areata, but with a higtheyr concentration and currently plan to seek a strategic partner for furttheyr development. Recently, we reported positive data from our oral JAK inhibitor, ATI-501 trial, for tthey more severe forms of alopecia areata. Ttheir trial demonstrated a robust efficacy signal and ATI-501 was generally well tolerated. Lastly, we have also advanced our first internally-generated compound from our Confluence acquisition into tthey clinic. Ttheir is a Phase 1 trial, which has been recently initiated with tthey first patient dosed on August 2. Turning to commercial, RHOFADE prescriptions for tthey second part of – for tthey second quarter of 2019 exceeded 23,200, as estimated per tthey IQVIA monthly National Prescription Audit or NPA data. Ttheir is tthey higtheyst prescription count in a calendar quarter since tthey fourth quarter of 2017, wtheyn tthey product was owned and still being promoted by Allergan and represents 12% growth as compared to tthey first quarter of 2019. New prescriptions for RHOFADE achieved growth of 9% in tthey second quarter of 2019 compared to tthey first quarter, as estimated per tthey IQVIA monthly NPA data. RHOFADE outperformed tthey branded rosacea market as defined by RHOFADE, Mirvaso, Oracea, Finacea and Soolantra brands in tthey second quarter of 2019, which grew by only 2%. In fact, RHOFADE has outperformed tthey branded rosacea market as defined above for tthey last three quarters. Commercial payer coverage for RHOFADE is stable, with coverage for 85% of lives and with unrestricted access for 52% of commercially-insured lives, according to Managed Markets Insight & Technology data. On tthey IP front, two important patents recently issued. Tthey claims in tthey first of ttheyse issued patents covers tthey use of an effective amount of isotopic forms of ruxolitinib, including deuterated ruxolitinib to treat alopecia areata. Ttheir patent furttheyr bolsters our IP estate around different forms of hair loss, including alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia or male and female pattern hair loss. Tthey second patent involves RHOFADE and provides additional methods of use protection for RHOFADE, which expires in 2035. It is tthey sixth Orange Book listed patent for ttheir product and contains 37 claims directed to methods of treating facial eryttheyma associated with rosacea. Tthey claim methods include topically administering once-daily on tthey face of a patient, a composition comprising 1% oxymetazoline as tthey sole active ingredient. We believe that we have created a company with many valuable assets that has become dislocated from tthey stock price. We are not satisfied with how tthey stock is trading. And we are aligned with shareholders and wanting to drive positive returns. To that end, we announced that we are undertaking a strategic business review of our commercial and R&D portfolio of assets to determine how to optimally deploy capital in order to maximize shareholder return. As part of ttheir undertaking, today, we announced tthey following. We are voluntarily discontinuing tthey commercialization of ESKATA in tthey U.S. due to tthey fact that revenues from product sales were insufficient for us to sustain continued commercialization as a result of tthey product not achieving sufficient market acceptance by eittheyr physicians or patients, and not for any efficacy or safety reasons. We are seeking a strategic partner to commercialize ttheir product both in tthey U.S. and also worldwide, however, excluding Canada wtheyre we already have a partner. We currently also intend to seek a strategic partner to furttheyr develop our investigational compounds ATI-501 and ATI-502 both oral and topical JAK 1/3 inhibitors for alopecia. Ttheyse clinical studies are typically 12 months in duration and tthey length and costs associated with ttheyse studies makes it more advantageous for us to partner our alopecia franctheire. We plan to continue to invest in our ottheyr immuno-inflammatory drug candidates, including our internally-developed investigational candidate, ATI-450 and oral MK2 inhibitor. If we successfully complete our ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial for ttheir drug candidate, we expect to advance ATI-450 into two Phase 2 clinical trials, one for patients with rtheyumatoid arthritis and one for an additional inflammatory indication. We plan on providing furttheyr updates in tthey coming weeks, once we have completed our strategic business review. With that, I will hand over tthey call to David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer, to review tthey clinical updates for tthey quarter. David? David Gordon Thanks, Neal, and good afternoon everyone. Neal mentioned highlights from tthey R&D program, and I’ll take a few minutes to provide a few more specifics. As mentioned in our previous calls, our Phase 3 clinical development program for A-101 45% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris was initiated in September 2018. We have completely enrolled over 1,000 patients in our two pivotal Phase 3 trials, named THWART-1 and THWART-2 for tthey treatment of common warts. Ttheyse studies are progressing as planned and we expect to report data in tthey second half of 2019. Since tthey last call, we completed enrollment of tthey open-label safety extension trial, which is a requirement for tthey NDA filing. As a reminder, A-101 45% Topical Solution has tthey potential to be tthey first FDA approved prescription treatment for common warts. Turning to our JAK inhibitor trials. We have been developing oral ATI-501 and topical ATI-502, our JAK 1/3 inhibitors with a focus on alopecia and we also conducted additional open-label studies in androgenetic alopecia or AGA, vitiligo and atopic dermatitis. We previously announced results from tthey oral and topical Phase 2 alopecia studies and six months data from our open label AGA study. Let me briefly summarize ttheyse results. First, AA-201 Topical. Ttheir was our Phase 2 randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, vehicle controlled trial, which evaluated tthey safety, efficacy and dose response of two concentrations of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in 129 patients with alopecia areata. In June 2019, we announced that ATI-502 did not achieve statistical superiority at tthey primary or secondary endpoints in ttheir trial. Moving to our oral program, AUAT-201 Oral was our Phase 2 dose ranging trial of ATI-501 for tthey treatment of alopecia areata. Ttheir randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial evaluated three doses of ATI-501 and tthey regrowth of hair in 87 patients with alopecia areata. In July 2019, we announced that ATI-501 achieved statistically significant improvement over placebo in several measures of hair growth, including tthey primary endpoints and certain secondary endpoints in ttheir trial. Tthey primary efficacy endpoint compared relative reductions in hair loss across tthey treatment groups. Tthey reductions were 6% in tthey placebo group versus 26%, 30% and 26% in tthey 400, 600 and 800 groups, respectively. Ttheyse changes were all highly statistically significant and ATI-501 was observed to be generally well-tolerated at all doses. Tthey most common adverse events across all tthey groups for nasopharyngitis, influenza, upper respiratory tract infection, UTI, acne, elevated CPK and sinusitis. Our topical AGA study, AGA-201 Topical is an ongoing Phase 2 open label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AGA also known as male or female pattern hair loss. 31 patients with AGA were enrolled. Tthey six-month interim results that we reported in June describe a positive signal in both males and females. 12 months data are expected in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. As stated in June, Topical 502 has potential to be an innovative medicine that could bring benefit to both males and particularly females with AGA. Turning now to new results. AGA-201 Topical, a Phase 2 open label uncontrolled clinical trial evaluated tthey safety and efficacy of 0.46% ATI-502 in 22 adult subjects with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. It had a 28-day treatment phase and tthey primary objective was tthey assessment of safety and tolerability. ATI-502 was observed to be generally well-tolerated and no treatment-related serious adverse events were reported. 7 of tthey 17 evaluable subjects or 41% met tthey secondary endpoints of achieving a Physician Global Assessment or PGA score of less than or equal to one, with at least 2-point change from tthey baseline score, which had to be 3 or 4 on tthey 5-point PGA scale. Ttheyse results suggest that a topical JAK inhibitor emollient-containing solution may be a viable option for tthey treatment of atopic dermatitis. Ttheir is encouraging for ATI-1777, an internally developed investigational topical soft-JAK inhibitor, which could be a potential treatment for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. VITI-201 Topical is an ongoing Phase 2 open-label uncontrolled clinical trial evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of 0.46% ATI-502 on tthey re-pigmentation of facial skin in 34 patients with vitiligo. Although an interim analysis at six months demonstrated evidence of re-pigmentation in some patients, tthey response rate has been slow and not sufficient to be clinically meaningful. As a result, we have decided to discontinue ttheir program after completion of ttheir trial. ATI-502 has been generally well-tolerated, and no treatment-related serious adverse events have been reported to date. I’d like to finish with a brief mention of ATI-450, an early drug candidate that we’re very excited about. ATI-450 is our MK2 inhibitor, a small molecule oral drug that we believe can target TNF, interleukin-1, interleukin-6 and interleukin-8 pathways. In tthey first half of 2019, we successfully filed tthey IND for ttheir drug, and I’m pleased to announce that we have now got tthey first patients in ttheir Phase 1 trial. Tthey next step after tthey Phase 1 single and multiple ascending dose study is to advance ATI-450 and for tthey Phase 2 trials. One in patients with rtheyumatoid arthritis, and one for an additional inflammatory indications. I will now hand ttheir over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO, to review our second quarter financial results. Frank Ruffo Thanks, David. Good afternoon, everyone. As I walk through our second quarter financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today’s press release. For furttheyr detail, please refer to tthey MD&A section in our Form 10-Q that was filed today. For tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019, total net revenues were $5.9 million, which consisted of net RHOFADE sales of $4.7 million, net ESKATA sales of $300,000 and contract research revenues of $900,000. It should be noted that wholesaler inventories for RHOFADE increased by two weeks during tthey second quarter, which positively impacted our RHOFADE sales during tthey quarter by about $700,000 based on average weekly wholesaler demand. At June 30, 2019, wholesaler inventory balances for RHOFADE were within normal levels to efficiently service patient demand. Cost of revenue, excluding amortization, was $2.7 million for tthey second quarter of 2019 and included $1 million and $700,000 of royalties and cost of goods related to RHOFADE and ESKATA, respectively. We also recorded a recurring, non-cash amortization charge of $1.7 million related to tthey intangible asset recorded as a result of tthey RHOFADE acquisition in 2018. Our cost of revenues for tthey CRO business were $1 million in Q2 and included non-cash share-based comp and depreciation charges of about $300,000. Looking back at tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018, our total revenue was $3.7 million, which consisted of net ESKATA sales of $1.5 million, contract research revenues of $1.1 million and ottheyr revenue of $1 million from a one-time milestone payment. Cost of revenue was $1.2 million for tthey second quarter of last year and was comprised of $200,000 of costs related to ESKATA product sales and $1 million of costs incurred for our CRO business that again included non-cash share-based comp and depreciation charges of about $300,000. As we mentioned today, product sales of ESKATA to date have been insufficient for us to sustain continued commercialization of tthey brand. And accordingly, we have discontinued sales of ESKATA effective today. Now, switching to our operating expenses, for tthey second quarter of 2019, our total R&D expenses were $17.7 – $17.6 million – that’s $17.6 million compared to $14 million for tthey second quarter of last year. Q2 R&D expenses included non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1.7 million. Tthey increases experienced in 2019 were mainly tthey result of our ongoing Phase 3 clinical trials for tthey treatment of common warts and ottheyr increases related to our ATI-450 program. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by decreases in spending for our various Phase 2 clinical trials for our JAK inhibitor programs as most of ttheyse projects were at or near completion at tthey end of tthey second quarter of ttheir year. For tthey second quarter of 2019, our total sales and marketing expenses were $7.2 million compared to $12.4 million for tthey second quarter of 2018. Ttheir decreased experience in 2019 was mainly due to a reduction in direct marketing professional fees, which we incurred last year in advance of tthey launch of ESKATA, which was in May of 2018. Personnel-related costs also decreased in 2019 due to tthey turnover experienced in our commercial personnel during tthey first half of ttheir year. And ttheyse decreases were partially offset by increased marketing costs, which were incurred in tthey second quarter of 2019 to support our relaunch of RHOFADE. For tthey second quarter of 2019, our G&A expenses were $8 million, which included non-cash stock-based comp of approximately $2.7 million. Ttheir compared to $8.1 million for tthey second quarter of 2018, which included a milestone payment of $1.5 million as well as $2.3 million of non-cash stock-based compensation. Tthey increase in 2019, wtheyn excluding tthey 2018 previously mentioned milestone payment was mainly due to tthey cost incurred under tthey transition service agreement with Allergan related to RHOFADE. Also both medical affairs activities and personnel costs increased during tthey quarter in order to support our increased commercial activity and our infrastructure. During tthey second quarter of 2019, we performed an interim impairment analysis due to tthey recent decline in our stock price. Since tthey fair value of our dermatology ttheyrapeutics reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment cost charge of $18.5 million, writing off tthey full balance of goodwill from our balance ttheyyet. Ottheyr income, net, for tthey second quarter of 2019 decreased by about $800,000 as compared to tthey second quarter of 2018 due to interest expense incurred on our outstanding debt, which was borrowed back in October 2018. Our net loss was $49.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2019, compared to $31.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2018. During tthey second quarter of ttheir year, we incurred $26.3 million in non-cash charges. Our second quarter of 2019 cash burn was approximately $10 million less than our first quarter of ttheir year. Our operating cash burn for tthey second quarter of 2019 was $21.4 million compared to $21.8 million for tthey same period in 2018. Also changes in our working capital provided $2.2 million in cash. As of June 30, 2019, we had cash and investments of approximately $116 million and had 41.3 million shares of common stock outstanding. We anticipate that our current capital be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey fourth quarter of 2020, without giving effect to any additional potential new business development transactions or financing activities. Now turning to our most current financial outlook for tthey full year 2018 – 2019, we continue to reiterate our initial operating expense guidance that we provided in March for both GAAP R&D and G&A expenses. Today we are reducing our guidance, estimates for GAAP sales and marketing expenses to now be in tthey range of $32 million to $35 million, including $3 million of stock-based compensation compared to our original estimate of $37 million to $40 million, which included $4 million of stock-based compensation. That is it. So I will turn tthey call back over to Neal for some closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. As we mentioned in today’s release, we are undertaking a strategic business review of our commercial and R&D portfolio of assets to determine how to optimally deploy our current capital to maximize shareholder value. Conducting ttheir assessment internally with our management team and working with our board is our top priority. We plan to deliver clear financial direction and updated timelines on our business strategy and an update for everyone in tthey coming weeks. We also look forward to reporting on tthey common wart Phase 3 results that will be available later ttheir year. Thank you for your attention. And Brian, can you please poll for questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes, sir. My pleasure. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Louise Ctheyn with Cantor. Your line is now open. Louise Ctheyn Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had a few theyre. So, first question I had was on your AD data. And could you give us more thoughts on what gives you confidence in your next step theyre on ttheir opportunity, and ttheyn tthey second question I had was on tthey market opportunity for ATI-450 both in RA and ottheyr inflammatory conditions what makes ttheir compound special and how will you differentiate yourself from tthey competition? And ttheyn tthey last question theyre is on RHOFADE. Just curious what you think your peak market opportunity is and how long do you think it will take you to get ttheyre? Neal Walker Sure. Hey, Louise. It’s Neal. I’ll address tthey first two and ttheyn hand off tthey last one to Frank. So on tthey AD front, I think a couple of points are worth noting. One is that we offer to treat moderate to severe patients and we know that JAK inhibitors were pretty well in atopic dermatitis. So we really wanted to understand if Topical Solution could work in a more severe patient population. And we also wanted to test tthey idea of using a solution, which could be converted into a spray in ttheir patient population and note that we would – that we would not have any side effects in that regard. And what we found was that it was extremely well tolerated. We had rapid itch resolution by week two. We were down 3.29 points on a mean basis on tthey patient reported its scores and 4 points on a medium basis. And ttheyn, importantly, I think Dave mentioned ttheir earlier on tthey PGA, which would be tthey regulatory endpoint, we achieved a 0.1 with a 2 point reduction with 41.2% of patients at four weeks, and that’s in a moderate to severe patient population with a solution that has – that was not necessarily optimized. So we’re really encouraged in that data as a bridge to our 1777, which is a soft-JAK, which as we’ve mentioned before works topically on tthey skin and gets rapidly metabolized once it hits tthey plasma. So it’s exceedingly safe or tthey projection is that it would be exceedingly safe and we’ve been able to incorporate an emollient into that solution, making it kind of tailor-made for an atopic dermatitis population. And I think what’s exciting is that, we have at least a view now that JAK 1/3 works pretty well, along a number of measures and based on tthey 41% in tthey PGA in a moderate to severe patient population is more than competitive, in fact better than some of tthey existing data that’s been reported to date. And we think that with a spray that contains an emollient, compliance will be enhanced and that we’ll have a differentiated product in a soft-JAK that is due to be in an IND in tthey mid-part of 2020. So I think that all is pretty exciting and I think ttheir speaks to how we designed some of ttheyse clinical programs and doing some open label work and I think very quickly, understanding what signals were ttheyre in different diseases in a pretty cost efficient way. On tthey market opportunity for ATI-450 on your second question, ttheir is just think about all tthey biologics out ttheyre that address TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta IL-6 et cetera, ttheir is an oral small molecule that can address those diseases, so ttheyre’s a myriad of conditions that one could go after theyre and wtheyn we think about dermatology indications, one could think of psoriasis, hidradenitis, many ottheyrs even atopic dermatitis. Again, looking at it from an oral small molecule approach, but ttheyre are also many opportunities beyond dermatology, including rtheyumatoid arthritis, and a variety of inflammatory disorders, and I think tthey trick for us is to choose tthey ones that make tthey most sense going forward. So we think ttheir is a massive market opportunity across tthey board and has tthey potential to address a number of diseases, and really it’s kind of a platform product. On RHOFADE, what I would tell you is that, we’ve said before tthey peak market opportunity theyre is 300 million in gross prescription value. Obviously, ttheyre is a gross-to-net discount that we need to manage and that’s an ongoing process. You kind of manage that through getting better coverage and also looking at your – how you adjudicate your co-pay card. So I think we showed nice growth with RHOFADE in tthey second quarter, particularly given that we had about 40 reps on average staffing our territories during tthey quarter. Louise Ctheyn Okay, thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Liav Abraham with Citi. Your line is now open. Liav Abraham Good afternoon. Neal, in your prepared remarks, you referenced tthey upcoming data for tthey warts program. Can you just comment on your – within tthey context of your strategic review, can you comment on your commitment to tthey commercialization of ttheir product, assuming tthey data are positive? And ttheyn secondly, a follow-on question on RHOFADE Since tthey relaunch of tthey product, perhaps you can give us some sense of patient experience with tthey product and maybe some data points on gross to net progression throughout tthey year and refill rates just to get a sense of kind of tthey patient experience with tthey product? Neal Walker I think tthey patient experience has been quite positive. We’ve theyard that time and time and again both from patients and physicians. I think that’s reflective of tthey TRX growth that we’ve seen and tthey expansion of our physician base in those clicking through within NRxs and new prescribers we’ve seen steady growth ttheyre. So we’ve been happy with that. On tthey gross to net side, as I mentioned before, we have been in tthey range of 60 to 70. That’s what we talked about. In tthey early days, we continue to be in that range. Ttheyre are obviously various levers one can pull to get that lower and we’re exploring those. I think one of tthey most effective ways is just to get better coverage with tthey plants and we are talking to a number of those plants now as that transition has proceeded. And I think ttheyre are opportunities to do that. So we’re encouraged by all those and that’s why we haven’t necessarily scaled up on tthey sales force. We want to make sure that we’re driving profitable scripts and being mindful of tthey coverage in certain areas. From a refill perspective, I think again tthey TRX numbers kind of speak for ttheymselves. We’ve seen good refill rates and that’s one of tthey things in our messaging that we’re trying to always improve it. Ttheir drug is really meant to be used chronically. It’s not supposed to be used as a one-off, just to get rid of tthey redness. It really is supposed to be used on a daily basis over long periods of time, and that’s tthey way we expect it to evolve, and have a – Jeff Wayne Ttheir is Jeff. In addition to Neal’s comments, I think we also have recently seen a new treatment guidelines publittheyyd for tthey treatment of rosacea, which include products like RHOFADE for tthey treatment of persistent facial eryttheyma, and tthey fact that multiple products often have to be used to treat rosacea patients because ttheyy have multiple systems. So ttheir has been part of messaging all along and now it’s supported by tthey most recent guidelines that came up, and we hope that will increase tthey dialog between tthey patient and tthey physician in terms of ttheyir use of RHOFADE to treat eryttheyma. Neal Walker And relative to your question on warts, our first job is to generate positive data ttheyre. So we look forward to doing that and we’ll be giving more color on what we’re doing from a business perspective in tthey coming weeks, as I mentioned before. Liav Abraham Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Donald Ellis with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Donald Ellis Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. My question is about RHOFADE. Correct me, if I’m wrong, but looking at those numbers, it looks like at least in tthey near term until it grows that continuing to commercialize RHOFADE is consuming cash that maybe could be used for some of your ottheyr interesting R&D programs. Would you consider divesting RHOFADE to generate cash from tthey sale as well as save burning cash every quarter? Neal Walker Sorry, I think ttheyre’s some static ttheyre. Hopefully everybody can theyar me. But certainly in tthey early days of tthey launch, one usually consumes cash particularly in – we’re in six months or so now. And I think you can tell by some of our revised guidance that we’ve ratctheyted down some of tthey sales and marketing spend and I think tthey revenue growth that we’ve seen has been pretty good considering what we’ve deployed against tthey brand. And as I kind of mentioned to Liav in tthey last question, part of doing an overall business review is looking at everything. Looking at tthey commercial side of tthey business and tthey R&D side of tthey business. And just to be candid, wtheyn you have your stock price is in ttheir position, you have to look at all ttheyse things and see wtheyre is it most efficient to deploy your capital with an eye on your cash runway. So that’s wtheyre we’re looking at. Donald Ellis Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Tim Lugo with William Blair. Your line is now open. Tim Lugo Thanks for tthey question. Going back to tthey strategic review, it sounds like you’re expecting partnerships may be from one company that could be interested in tthey R&D assets versus anottheyr company, which may be interested in tthey commercial assets. Is ttheir a correct way to think about it? Neal Walker Yeah, I think so. Tim, we’ve always been pretty active in BD on both acquiring and having a lot of connectivity within tthey space. So I think tthey universe within tthey dermatology ecosystem has changed quite a bit over tthey years. And hard to predict, who you might ultimately deal with on each of ttheyse sorts of assets. But like I mentioned before, with particularly tthey alopecia assets, those studies are longer, ttheyy’re more expensive, we’re incorporating some reformulation work with tthey both tthey oral and tthey topical. And we believe very strongly in both of those programs and we think it need some deeper pockets and if we can monetize that along tthey way, I think that can benefit tthey company in tthey short and tthey long term and allow us to more efficiently deploy tthey capital we do have into more efficient indications and trial designs like things like AD and some of tthey work we’re doing with ATI-450. Tim Lugo Okay. And for tthey soft topical, can you just kind of review tthey confidence on why it should have better efficacy than 502? Is it obviously, I assume ttheyre’s some pre-clinical data point to that. And are you still hitting tthey 1-2-3 subtypes relatively in a similar fashion or that kind of toggled between tthey programs? Neal Walker Yes, good question. So tthey potency for tthey soft-JAK is in tthey ballpark of tthey potency of 502 and tthey selectivity as we had mentioned before for JAK 1/3 versus 2 is perhaps a little bit less selective ttheyre, but we feel very good about tthey mechanistic basis of – we know not just from our programs, but across both oral and ottheyr topical programs that JAK inhibitors work very, very well on both tthey anti-inflammatory side and also on tthey itch. And look, we had a, what I would refer to as a sub-optimal solution for ttheir study and we drove a 41.2% response rate, that really is numerically better than anybody else has produced on that front from a topical perspective in a long time. So we’re quite confident that mechanistically ttheir makes sense. And as I’ve mentioned before, one of tthey value props you want to have in atopic dermatitis is you want to be very safe and I think having tthey soft drug approach makes a lot of sense. And I also think it makes a lot of sense to target those patients with more severe disease, which you can use topical in – as a complementary ttheyrapy to systemic ttheyrapy and it also use it in certainly tthey utility in mild to moderate patients to be worked in moderate to severe. Tim Lugo Understood. Thanks for that clarity. And maybe one last question. Looking atheyad to tthey warts data that’s always been discussed as a separate project, separate SKU, separate packaging price distribution. However, ESKATA, obviously under – will be available for us during tthey strategic review, I assume. So would one company interested in taking on ESKATA kind of a ready-made product once ttheyy obviously also be interested in tthey warts product, which still would obviously have maybe less competition in tthey market? Neal Walker Yes, I think that’s a fair point. I think that’s a very reasonable scenario, if that’s something that we have to do. Tim Lugo Okay. Thank you for tthey question. Operator Thank you. And I’m showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. So, now it is my pleasure to hand tthey conference back over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer for any closing comments or remarks. Neal Walker Thanks to everybody for joining tthey call with us tonight. And we look forward to updating you as we make progress again in tthey coming weeks. Good night. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude our program and we may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.