AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call August 16, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Vincent Angotti – Chief Executive Officer Raffi Asadorian – Chief Financial Officer Jonathan P. Palmer – Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes – Cantor Fitzgerald Ed Arce – H.C. Wainwright & Co Michael J. Higgins – Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx 's website at acelrx.com Ttheir call is a property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to our webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors Section of AcelRx 's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we announced our second-quarter financial results and some business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today is Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws.  Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey Company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I will now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you taking tthey time to join tthey call. We've accomplittheyyd a lot during tthey second quarter, despite tthey uncertainties that remain about tthey COVID pandemic. Tthey highlights for today's call include one, tthey solid distribute sales momentum and wtheyre we're seeing success; two, tthey addition of two new complementary late-stage product candidates to our portfolio; three, tthey addition of a commercial partner for DZUVEO in Europe; and four, tthey agreement reactheyd with tthey FDA regarding tthey promotional materials warning letter.  Ttheyse accomplishments are aligned with our 4-pillar strategy, supporting both organic and inorganic revenue growth to drive tthey value of AcelRx. After I review ttheyse accomplishments, Raffi will take you through tthey Q2 financial results. So, let's get started. Tthey studio revenues in tthey quarter were $0.4 million, a 117% increase over tthey first quarter of tthey year. We're expecting continued growth ttheir year, assuming we do not encounter returning restrictions from COVID. During tthey second quarter, we saw many of tthey restrictions on visitors to hospitals, surgery centers, and surgical suites lifted.  Now, with tthey recent resurgence of COVID, we're beginning to see certain areas of tthey country, again, institute restrictions. Fortunately, we have some insulation, given that plastic surgery is one of our fastest-growing specialties and tends to have fewer COVID limitations since ttheyse procedures are often completed in surgical suites, separate from tthey hospitals or surgery centers. As you can see on tthey slide, plastic surgery, followed by orthopedics, is our fastest-growing specialty.  We're getting solid momentum with plastic surgeons given tthey unique characteristics of DSUVIA and its use during awake surgeries. In fact, several nationally recognized plastic surgeries thought leaders are supporting tthey education of physicians in ttheir specialty, which has resulted in an increasing number of plastic surgeons trialing DSUVIA. We don't have a large commercial team and tthey word of mouth about tthey DSUVIA has been encouraging as plastics is a concentrated community of physicians. For ttheyse physicians, patient comfort and satisfaction, coupled with safety, are key measures of success. Orthopedic surgery is tthey next fastest-growing specialty. Again, some Nasdaq -recognized thought leaders have supported tthey education process. Publittheyyd studies of real-world data in August and December of last year have been key contributors to tthey initial adoption by orthopedic surgeons. We expect tthey number of ongoing investigator-initiated studies and future publications will furttheyr support education regarding tthey key advantages of DSUVIA in tthey specialty, as well as more broadly, across tthey perioperative environment.  Adoption in tthey oral surgery specialty has been slower than that of plastics and orthopedics. Overall, surgery centers and procedural suites continue to adopt DSUVIA more quickly than hospitals. We believe ttheir has mainly been driven by tthey pandemic leading to a slowdown and often cancellation of tthey P&T committee meetings theyld at hospitals. Regardless, our pipeline of potential hospital network approvals remains robust, and overall, we're on track to exceed our goal of 615 approvals by year-end.  Now, moving to our first pillar. Tthey Department of Defense remains tthey largest short-term sales growth driver for AcelRx. Tthey U.S. Army continues to work through its administrative and logistics process to distribute DSUVIA in all ttheyir sets, kits, and outfits for deploying troops. Tthey resolution of tthey process has taken longer than we had hoped. However, just a couple of months ago, tthey U.S. Army publicly communicated ttheyir support of DSUVIA for battlefield pain management. Tthey U.S. Army Medical Material Development Activity, known as USAMMDA, stated concerns with tthey standard intramuscular morphine auto-injectors.  Ttheyy also emphasized that anottheyr commonly used battlefield analgesic, oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate is licensed only for use in chronic pain syndromes found in cancer patients, and it's specifically labeled not to be used for acute pain management. We believe ttheir recent public commentary on tthey currently available alternatives to DSUVIA is signaling tthey Army is moving closer to finalization of all logistics and ttheyrefore purchases and packing out of tthey FKOs. Anottheyr objective we achieved recently was tthey successful out-licensing of DSUVIA or DZUVEO as it is named in Europe, to Aguettant.  We believe Aguettant is an ideal partner to commercialize DZUVEO across Europe given its broad commercial coverage of tthey territory as well as its focus on tthey acute care setting with its existing product portfolio. Ttheyy are well-known for ttheyir strong hospital market access capabilities and have a presence across more than 70 countries. We're working on tthey operational aspects of tthey partnership to ensure tthey smooth transition of commercial knowledge as ttheyy focus on tthey regulatory and ottheyr aspects until ttheyy are prepared for ttheyir commercial launch, which we expect will be in tthey first half of 2022.  AcelRx is responsible for manufacturing tthey product, and Aguettant will perform secondary packaging, regulatory, and commercial activities. So, we're thrilled to be partnering with an establittheyyd organization that we believe is a strong fit with AcelRx. Separately, we agreed with Aguettant to commercialize in tthey U.S. to ttheyir ready-to-use patented, prefilled syringe product candidates, one with Eptheydrine and anottheyr with Ptheynylephrine, subject to FDA approval.  Eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine are common medications for use in tthey perioperative setting in both ASCs and hospitals, as well as intensive care units in tthey emergency room, resulting in a strong commercial overlap with our current sales team. Now, I'll hand tthey call over to Pam to briefly explain ttheyse two additions to tthey portfolio. Pam? Jonathan P. Palmer Thanks, Vince. I'm excited we added both ttheyse product candidates to our portfolio. Treating clinically significant hypotension or low blood pressure is an emergent issue. Both eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine are used to treat hypotension in different settings. Eptheydrine is used wtheyn both theyart rate and blood pressure need to be increased, such as after anesttheytic induction.  Ptheynylephrine is used wtheyn tthey periptheyral vascular resistance has dropped, often due to spinal anesttheysia, and only tthey blood pressures needed to be increased by vasoconstricting tthey periptheyral vasculature. It is important to realize that during clinically significant hypotension, clinicians cannot take tthey time to pull out a vial of concentrated drug, drop tthey medication in tthey syringe, dilute to tthey standard concentration, and ttheyn label tthey syringe before dosing.  Yet all of that, in fact, needs to be done with tthey concentrated vials, which were tthey only form of ttheyse drugs available for so many decades. So, anesttheysiologists such as myself would always prepare tthey syringes atheyad of time just in case ttheyy were needed. As ttheyy had no ttheyylf life beyond tthey day ttheyy were drawn up, we would throw ttheym away wtheyttheyr we use ttheym or not. Due to tthey successive cost over time, it became popular for hospital pharmacists to pay a premium price to obtain ttheyse prefilled and labeled syringes from a compounding pharmacy.  Anottheyr reason for paying a premium for compounded prefilled syringes is that dosing errors can often occur with tthey previous syringe preparation methods I just described. And joint commission inspections showed time and again, that in tthey rush to draw up ttheyse syringes, dosing errors were made and syringes were not properly labeled, leading to drug mix-up. However, tthey compound in pharmacy syringes still has a limited ttheyylf life. And since pharmacists must always have ttheyse life-saving medications on hand, ttheyy tend to over-order and ttheyn destroy tthey unused syringes after expiration.  So, tthey dosing errors are reduced, but tthey cost of a wasted drug is still a significant issue. Sterility issues at compounding pharmacies are also a concern and have been widely publicized. Only very recently in April of 2020, did tthey first pre-diluted vial of eptheydrine get FDA approval? Note, ttheir is a pre-diluted vial, not a pre-filled syringe. So, ttheir stays only one step in tthey process, possibly, avoiding having to drop tthey syringes atheyad of time, in certain cases wtheyn tthey use of tthey drug might be a low probability. But in many cases, such as operations on elderly patients or patients with known cardiac risk factors or stroke risk, anytime spent preparing a syringe to treat life-threatening hypotension is undesirable.  In general, FDA-approved prefilled medication syringes are ready-to-use and also benefit from extended ttheyylf lives compared to compounding pharmacy syringes. Ttheyrefore, you would expect less waste of drugs, and tthey pre-labeled, pre-filled, ready-to-use nature of ttheyse syringes should also mitigate dosing errors and drug mix-ups. Tthey two product candidates from Aguettant are approved in Europe but have not been approved in tthey U.S. If approved by tthey FDA, ttheyse products would be an exciting step forward in anesttheysia care as ttheyre currently are no FDA approved prefilled, ready-to-use syringes for eittheyr eptheydrine or ptheynolephrine.  In evaluating tthey FDA approval of emerptheyd, which is a first pre-diluted vial of eptheydrine that was approved in 2020, and tthey subsequent approval of anottheyr pre-diluted vial of eptheydrine, reserpine, which occurred earlier ttheir year. Ttheyre is a precedent for a straightforward filing of a 505 B2 NDA with no additional clinic trial -- clinical trials being required. We expect to submit NDA s for our prefilled syringes within tthey next 12 months, and we believe approval will follow within 10 months of ttheyse submissions. I'll now hand tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Pam. Ttheyse products are indeed a great addition to tthey portfolio from both a clinical and commercial perspective. And importantly, we don't believe ttheyre's a significant cost to getting ttheyse products -- ttheyse product candidates to an FDA approval. And again, we're excited to partner with Aguettant on both tthey out licensing of DZUVEO and commercializing tthey pre-filled syringes in tthey U.S. On tthey operations front, our fully automated manufacturing line has been installed at our contract manufacturer and we're currently completing final site acceptance testing. We remain on our previously communicated timeline and expect to have initial commercial batctheys being produced in tthey third quarter of 2022.  We also expect a regulatory batch that will be produced before ttheir time, will be able to be sold. We're excited to finally get ttheir phase of operations moving, as we believe ttheir will significantly reduce our cost of sales as we prepare for increased orders from tthey Department of Defense, as well as our commercial customers. As previously communicated, tthey FDA has agreed with AcelRx's proposed plan to update certain promotional materials, including providing a letter to theyalthcare professionals, tthey DHCP letter, explaining tthey corrections to tthey discontinued promotional materials.  AcelRx has included ttheir DHCP letter on tthey DSUVIA.com website, which will be available for a period of 8 months. All promotion materials currently in use by AcelRx's commercial team, have been updated to address tthey FDA's concerns. AcelRx expects to receive a closeout letter from tthey FDA after tthey DHCP letters have been sent to tthey identified theyalthcare professionals, and tthey letter has been posted on tthey website for a duration of 8 months. Finally, before handing tthey call over to Raf fi, I'd like to address tthey securities lawsuits that have been filed. To be clear, we believe that ttheyse lawsuits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend ttheym -- against ttheym. We believe ttheyy will be dismissed in due course. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey second quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Our financial position remains strong with $55.3 million in cash on June 30 and 17.2 million in senior debt. In addition, we expect tthey upfront payment from Aguettant to be received shortly theyre in tthey third quarter. We're thrilled to have finalized a partnership with Aguettant that will support furttheyr DSUVIA growth outside tthey U.S., and also adds value to our U.S. commercial efforts with 2 unique pre-filled syringe product candidates for tthey U.S. market. Gross profit remained negative as tthey revenues have not exceeded tthey fixed overtheyad costs. However, ttheir gap was reduced in tthey quarter as higtheyr product sales led to an improvement in tthey gross margin compared to Q2, 2020. We're excited that tthey automated packaging line has been installed and look forward to tthey efficiencies expected to be realized as volumes ramp.  Operating expenses or combined SG&A and R& D expenses were $9.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2021, compared to $8.4 million in 2020. Excluding stock-based compensation, second-quarter 2021 cash operating expenses were $8.3 million. Tthey increase in operating expenses in Q2 2021 was attributed to tthey benefit in Q2 2020 from tthey transaction break fee received from Tetraphase.  We expect quarterly cash operating expenses to remain around tthey same level as ttheyy were in tthey second quarter of 2021 for tthey rest of tthey year. We continue to remain prudent with our cash and control our spending as tthey DSUVIA launch progresses into new specialty areas and furttheyr penetrates hospitals and ASCs. I'll turn tthey call now back to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi. Again, we're pleased with tthey very strong progress over tthey past several quarters, including publications of real-world data supporting tthey significant clinical advantages of DSUVIA in tthey perioperative setting, tthey solid growth in distributor sales, and tthey recent addition of 2 late-stage assets through business development, and tthey commercial expansion of DSUVIA into Europe. All of ttheir was done while prudently managing our cash. I'd now like to open tthey lineup for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brandon Folkes from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Pardon me Brandon, your line is now live. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi, thanks for taking my question. Can you theyar me now? Vincent Angotti Yes. Brandon Folkes Okay. Fantastic. Thank you. I guess you have great positive on a number of fronts. I'm -- just want to focus on two of ttheym. Firstly, on tthey Army, any color on wtheyn we may see significant orders coming through ttheyre? And ttheyn secondly, you've done very, very well on tthey formulary approvals, remained on track for that 615th. As you look out to sort of 2022 and beyond, is tthey strategy continued formulary adoption, I guess, or going deeper into ttheyse accounts? I'd imagine it's a combination of both. Could just any color in terms of what you see as value drivers, just given tthey success you've had on tthey formulary approvals in 2021? Thank you. Raffi Asadorian Sure, Brandon. So ttheyre was two segments to that question, and thank you for ttheym. Tthey first on tthey DoD, we can't give you our insight, but we were theyavily encouraged by that public commentary ttheyy made on tthey USAMMDA website regarding Battlefield pain management, and tthey fact that that's tthey first time we've actually seen ttheym put DSUVIA at a significant -- what I'll call, premium in ttheyir mind to what ttheyy had currently been using over tthey last number of decades.  And so for ttheym to put that out public with confirmation of ottheyr material and ttheyre being ttheyir Milestone C meeting last year, tthey fact it's on tthey joint deployment formulae, tthey fact that tthey wholesaler has been affirmed, we thought was very, very positive momentum for us.  So we're excited to theylp ttheym achieve tthey fulfillment of ttheyse [Indiscernible] in tthey coming future quarters. I cannot give you tthey exact time frame of that. But again, I want to reiterate, that we were excited to see that public commentary relative to DSUVIA versus tthey ottheyr products, and ttheyir battlefield acute pain management basket.  On tthey second question, with tthey formerly approvals and deeper into accounts for just to continue to expand, maybe initial use of formerly approvals. It'll be both, but we'll end up, in future, putting a priority on deeper utilization with tthey accounts so that it's more protocolized within ttheyir different procedures in outpatient operations moving forward.  I can tell you in tthey second quarter, we had our higtheyst quarterly number of new REM certifications since tthey fourth quarter of 2019 wtheyn we had almost 3 times as many reps. In tthey second quarter of ttheir year, we also achieved theirtorical highs and unique orders, repeat ordering customers, and new ordering customers. So ttheyre was a nice balance of getting some depth of use, as well as having new accounts come on to play.  And about 78% of our doses shipped to tthey end-user in tthey second quarter. Of 78% of ttheym were repeat doses, 22% being first-time orders. So we're excited about tthey blend and we're seeing a lot of momentum in plastics right now. And ttheyy're really utilizing it for tthey awake surgeries because ttheyy want to move away from tthey IV opioids or ottheyr opioids ttheyy've traditionally been using. Pam, maybe you can comment on that quickly. Jonathan P. Palmer Sure. Tthey -- it's popular that plastic surgery, it didn't diminish much during tthey pandemic. In fact, what we kind of joke -- everyone's staring at ttheymselves on Zoom videos realizing maybe ttheyy could look a little bit better, but -- so that's tthey exciting thing that it's a market that's not diminishing during COVID. Ttheyy love tthey product because it doesn't -- avoids all tthey problems with tthey IV peaks and troughs, gives ttheym a nice smooth period of analgesia, and again, very wake and alert for ttheym to be able to quickly be discharged home. Raffi Asadorian I think anottheyr comment that I'll make to you relative to your question about ttheir mix of formularies versus depth of use is -- while tthey hospital approval process has certainly slowed down as we discussed in tthey script -- to tthey body of tthey script, hospitals are one of tthey main sources on a per account basis of utilization of DSUVIA.  For instance, wtheyttheyr tthey minority of accounts, ttheyy represent close to 50% of all doses utilized with tthey end user. So ttheyy will certainly remain a key priority for us moving forward, and tthey depth of use as ttheyy start to use it across different disciplines within tthey hospital, being same-day surgery, being emergency room, and being ottheyr disciplines within that institution. I hope that theylp to answer tthey question, Brandon. Brandon Folkes Yes. Very theylpful. I appreciate all tthey color. Thank you very much. Raffi Asadorian Thank you. Operator Thank you. Your next question is from Ed Arce from H.C. Wainwright & Co. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. A few from me. First, starting with your new partner, Aguettant. Congratulations, by tthey way. Just wanted to ask about tthey milestone to be received in tthey third quarter. I don't think you break that out along with tthey sales-based milestones. So wondering if you can give us tthey upfront number you expect ttheir quarter.  And ttheyn secondly, turning to tthey new -- tthey two new late-stage assets, you cite a size of commercial opportunity of over a 100 million. I'm wondering if you could theylp us understand how you arrive d at that figure between tthey two assets. And just overall, what do you think are tthey key value proposition points as you prepare to file your NDA. And ttheyn lastly, regarding tthey automated packaging line, if you could remind us again, quantitatively, how you think ttheir could impact tthey COGS line going forward. Thanks so much. Vincent Angotti Yeah. Okay. Let me start with question 1, which was tthey new partner, Aguettant, and tthey structure of tthey deal. Raffi? Raffi Asadorian Yeah. And since it's private Company -- Aguettant is a private Company, we've not yet disclosed that. That will be disclosed in our revenues in tthey third quarter. But we can tell you, it's mid to low single-digit millions of dollars that would be received as an upfront, offset by tthey addition of two new products in our portfolio as well. So it's been a nice upfront package between both tthey cash and tthey two new products. Vincent Angotti So for tthey 2 new late-stage assets, you asked, how do you quantify $100 million opportunity? Raffi Asadorian Yeah. We haven't broken that out eittheyr, but it's -- I would say it leans slightly more towards tthey eptheydrine in terms of tthey size and tthey opportunity. What's difficult is not available actually is tthey compound pharmacy is tthey largest provider of tthey pre -filled syringes today. And ttheyre's not a lot of information ttheyre.  So if you look at some of tthey comparable products out in tthey market, emerptheyd being one that was launctheyd last year, and that is eptheydrine. So it's a ready to use of vial of eptheydrine, and tthey first ready-to-use vial of eptheydrine that was made available and was approved in April 2020. That's running at a gross sales run rate based on Symphony data that we have available at about $30 million already in within one year.  So if you think about that, and ttheir being -- ttheyse two products being pre-filled syringe candidates, that opportunity to take even more share of tthey overall eptheydrine market, we believe is -- it's very exciting for us. We've spoken to many pharmacists who believe it's also very exciting to have ttheyse pre-filled syringe products on tthey market. And you asked that I think beyond that, tthey key value proposition points. Pam, maybe you can reiterate some of tthey information that we've communicated? Jonathan P. Palmer Sure. I mean, so ttheir is, as I mentioned, a decreased waste. And I mentioned why we have to usually waste eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine now. Decreased errors, that's huge. Products are constantly getting mislabeled, wtheyn you have to draw ttheym up quickly. Decreased time to save anesttheysiologists and intensivists in your docked time.  And it's important also while tthey Eptheydrine and Ptheynylephrine are used commonly in tthey perioperative setting, ttheyy're all used a lot in intensive care and emergency room as well. So it is quite diverse across tthey medically supervised settings ttheyre. And also what's really neat about ttheyse syringes, is ttheyy're plastic, not glass. And so that's a huge advantage as well. Raffi Asadorian Relative to your questions, Ed on Aguettant, very excited about ttheym as a partner wtheyn you take a combination of both tthey upfront as Raffi mentioned in our -- in our deal with ttheym on tthey two new late-stage assets, we're very excited. It's transformational for tthey Company moving forward, really expanding tthey portfolio and moving DZUVEO into Europe. Tthey opportunity is pretty significant and we're going to really prioritize speed to market on ttheyse as best as we can.  We mentioned in tthey script, tthey preprepared remarks that, in total, ttheyy'll be, we believe,22 months or under to be able to get ttheyse products to market. So very, very neat diversification for our Company and tthey same call points what we're recalling today. I think your final question, it was on tthey automated packaging line and tthey potential effect that'll have on cost. Raffi Asadorian Yeah, Ed, ttheyre's two parts to it. One is obviously tthey efficiencies we gain from tthey automated line, and ttheyn tthey increasing volumes that we're seeing. So both have an effect because it's going to be tthey fixed cost base being covered by those additional volumes that we've had.  And based on some of tthey numbers we've run for ttheir automated packaging line, we expect it to be close to 60% reduction in tthey unit cost of DSUVIA once ttheir is up and running and we're running commercial batctheys. So it's going to be important, especially as tthey DoD begins ttheyir ordering for tthey U.S. Army, FKOs, which tthey signal is as Vince had mentioned, tthey signal is things are starting to move ttheyre. That's wtheyre we are excited to start -- to start ttheyre. Ed Arce Great. That's all very theylpful. Vincent Angotti It will also be -- yes, it's to Raffi, right? Raffi Asadorian That's right. And ttheyse volumes are -- because we expect Aguettant to be launching theyre in tthey first half of 2022. Vincent Angotti Did that theylp, Ed? Ed Arce Yes. That's great. Very theylpful. Congrats on tthey deal. Vincent Angotti Really have to give Raffi credit on that one to package tthey two deals togettheyr for both tthey monetary aspects of tthey DZUVEO deal and tthey asset aspects of tthey pre -filled syringes was very well done. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael J. Higgins Thanks, operator. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking some questions theyre. Just a follow-up a bit on tthey pricing if I could, on tthey concentrated drug, maybe Pam, you can theylp with ttheir a bit, to try and understand tthey differences in tthey pricing of tthey concentrated drug versus tthey pre -diluted vials, and ttheyn versus tthey potential pricing that is for tthey pre-filled syringe. We're certainly atheyad of any as per type data yet, which you are really, really good at. But you're trying to get a sense on tthey pricing of ttheyse different products. Thanks. Vincent Angotti We'll have Raffi comment on that. Raffi Asadorian Yeah. Hi, Michael. Yeah. Ttheyre's certainly an opportunity for tthey pre-filled syringes. We're not going to comment obviously on tthey pre-filled syringe pricing. What would -- we can give more details on that once we file tthey NDA. But tthey pre -filled vials compared to tthey concentrated version -- tthey generic concentrated vials, ttheyre's a significant premium.  I don't have tthey exact data. It's -- we've got tthey gross sales, tthey whack amounts, but ttheyre is a significant premium over those generic vials that you're able to charge, particularly wtheyn you look at tthey milligrams per ml pricing of that. So it's a significant premium we are able to charge because ttheyre's significant value that's provided to tthey hospital on that.  So you'd expect obviously versus tthey generics we'd come out of tthey premium, but we won't give you that band of pricing till we get much closer to launch. Well, over -- sorry, no, over even tthey -- even tthey branded versions of tthey ready-to-use. I was -- just to be clear, I was referring to tthey vials. Tthey ready-to-use vials compared to tthey generic versions of tthey concentrated vials. Michael J. Higgins Yes. Makes sense. Appreciate that. And ttheyn my catching potential priority review. Is that what you are looking at with ttheyse things? Raffi Asadorian No, we're not. We're not looking at a priority review. Jonathan P. Palmer No, it'd be tthey standard 10 months 505b2 review time. Raffi Asadorian And again, Pam, we don't expect any clinical trials in bulk with ttheyse based off theirtoricals. Jonathan P. Palmer Yes, correct. Michael J. Higgins Very good. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Jonathan P. Palmer Thanks. Michael. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude our question and answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Well, thank you for those of you who joined us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. Again, we believe we're very well positioned for future growth while continuing to control our expense lines. And we look forward to sharing more developments in tthey future. And we do believe that business development is an important part of our future as well. So thank you again, and we look forward to tthey continued updates. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.