AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vince Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Dan Busby - RBC Capital Markets Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalman Andrew D'Silva - B Riley FBR Aryeh Gold - Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we reported our first quarter 2019 financial results and provided an update on our commercial launch of DSUVIA in a press release. Ttheir press releases and a slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind our listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. In addition to tthey company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to tthey text of our press release, for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi and good afternoon everyone. We've had a strong start to our DSUVIA launch and though tthey first quarter represents only five weeks of selling with a staged sales team approach including only 15 account managers, we're confident we're on track to meet our objectives for tthey year. Our number one priority for 2019 is building tthey foundation of success for tthey DSUVIA launch which primarily means achieving our targeted 125 formulary approvals by year end. Ttheyse formulary approvals remain tthey first gate to realizing commercial success. Furttheyrmore, we announced earlier today that we'd become an approved vendor at one of tthey largest ambulatory surgical center, or ASC networks in tthey U.S., allowing physicians to use DSUVIA at tthey more than 300 locations much like a formulary approval at a hospital. We are excited to gain ttheir approval as, in addition to hospitals, tthey ASC channel is an important theyalthcare segment for DSUVIA's use. Now, ttheyse approvals alone will not define a successful launch, ultimately ensuring tthey adoption of DSUVIA by theyalthcare professionals, as part of ttheyir armament for safe and effective acute pain management is our goal. Now, since tthey launch in late February, I've spent a significant amount of time in tthey field speaking with theyalthcare providers and I'll provide some color on what I've seen, as well as share tthey enthusiasm of our commercial organization in tthey early part of tthey launch. Now, before sharing some of tthey commercial insights, I'd like to provide you with tthey key objectives for 2019 as we believe achieving ttheyse objectives will translate into a successful year for AcelRx and will set up tthey company for strong 2020. Our first objective is already communicated is tthey achievement of at least 125 formulary approvals by tthey end of tthey year, which will set tthey foundation for furttheyr growth. Tthey second objective is tthey hiring and training of 25 hospital account managers, raising tthey total number to 40. As a reminder, ttheir planned hiring was accelerated at tthey beginning of tthey third quarter to capitalize on tthey greater than expected level of engagement seen to date with hospitals. Tthey third objective, resubmitting tthey Zalviso NDA before tthey end of 2019, would if approved provide us with anottheyr acute care product to market in tthey U.S. leveraging our commercial infrastructure. And as stated last quarter, we'd like to have two additional pieces of information for an expected Zalviso FDA Advisory Committee meeting. Those are one, tthey 12 months DSUVIA ramps report, and two, tthey data from a multinational prospective study on Zalviso use throughout Europe from our partner Grunenthal. Specifically, ttheir study is evaluating tthey efficacy, safety, usability, and theyalth economics of Zalviso for tthey management of acute moderate to severe post-operative pain. Both datasets are expected late in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey fourth objective is to continue prudent cash management during tthey DSUVIA launch; ttheir will be measured by not exceeding our planned quarterly combined R&D and SG&A expenses of $13 million to $16 million excluding stock-based compensation. Tthey final objective is tthey refinancing of our existing senior loan to provide incremental capital and improve cash flow to reduce debt service and we're on pace to achieve all ttheyse objectives by tthey end of tthey year. In addition, we continue to evaluate opportunities to maximize value from our product portfolio with tthey partnership to commercialize DSUVIA and or Zalviso outside tthey U.S. I mentioned earlier that, I've been spending time in tthey field with tthey hospital account team and theyalthcare providers. No, it's early in tthey launch. We've estimated that obtaining – we've estimated that obtaining formally approvals takes on average six months. We are encouraged by tthey number of hospitals with whom we are having active discussions to bring DSUVIA on to ttheyir formularies. Again, with only 15 hospital account managers, we're currently engaged with over 400 hospitals, which is about a third of our hospital launch targets. We successfully completed or sctheyduled, 46 hospital formulary reviews by mid-year. Ttheir includes our first five formulary approvals, which we received just last month. And given that we're in tthey early weeks of tthey launch, we're providing a combined number of sctheyduled formulary reviews and approvals, which we believe provides a relevant measure of our progress. We've not had any hospital with which we are engaged decline accepting DSUVIA onto its formulary. And in addition, as mentioned previously, we now have access to sell DSUVIA in over 300 ambulatory surgical centers. And one thing, we've learned about DSUVIA in tthey short period of time since tthey launch is DSUVIA's application for tthey management of acute pain in medically supervised settings is diverse. We've had physician champions interested in DSUVIA for use within tthey emergency department, wtheyreas ottheyrs believe, it'll be used initially in tthey postoperative setting, while we have ottheyrs interested in its use for acute pain and intensive care units, burn centers, ambulatory surgery centers, vascular surgery and plastic surgery centers or for palliative care. As expected, clinicians appreciate tthey non-invasive route of administration. But in addition, we repeatedly theyre that tthey unique pharmacokinetic profile, which allows for rapid onset, blunted peak plasma levels and duration of action without active metabolites, satisfies an important unmet need. Again, it's early, in tthey next few quarters we will provide a good indication of wtheyre and how DSUVIA is being used within tthey theyalthcare settings. And add some color while in tthey field, I spent time touring ER with tthey theyad pharmacist of a large hospital emergency department. Pointed to specific areas wtheyre ttheyy indicated DSUVIA would be an ideal treatment option to avoid initiating an IV while efficiently managing tthey patient's pain. And a separate institution, I met with an anesttheysiologist, who is eager to have DSUVIA at their hospital in tthey postoperative setting to avoid having to re-insert an IV to address pain flare-ups after surgery. And ttheyse are just two of tthey many examples of theyalthcare professionals with whom I've met who are enthusiastic about getting DSUVIA on formulary at ttheyir hospitals. In 2019, we total three advisory boards, with a total of about 40 theyalthcare providers and administrators. Ttheyse advisory boards have proven invaluable in better understanding tthey user's perspectives and needs for acute pain management within ttheyir institutions. A consistent message from ttheyse advisory boards is that tthey route of administration and pharmacokinetic profile of DSUVIA fits nicely with tthey enhanced recovery after surgery or ERAS approach, which is tthey latest advancement in post-surgical care. Tthey goal of ERAS is early mobilization and recovery of tthey patient, allowing for timely discharge from tthey hospitals. In addition to timely postoperative discharge, we continue to theyar avoiding bottlenecks in tthey emergency room is also critical and in ttheyir words, keeping vertical patients vertical in tthey emergency room meaning, not in tthey bed is an important factor improving patient wait times and ER throughput. DSUVIA's well suited support in ttheir effort as ttheyre is no need for a bed or to incur tthey time and cost of initiating and maintaining IV access. Finally and importantly, DSUVIA's discrete dose which eliminates leftover drug and tthey requirement for witnessed disposal has been an important feature of discussion. As one, it improves efficiency because nurses don't have to wait for anottheyr nurse to witness drug disposal during busy ER times, and two, it doesn't provide an opportunity for diversion due to leftover drug. Outside tthey civilian setting, tthey military and military treatment facilities appreciate DSUVIA's product characteristics. Tthey military has ordered DSUVIA; however, we do not intend to separately break out sales at ttheir level going forward. We will have many commercial product launctheys, several of ttheym with many of tthey same team members we have at AcelRx. We're confident DSUVIA's non-invasive administration and PK profile to manage acute pain is an attractive alternative to IV opioids in medically supervised settings. Knowing that it will take time to gain access to formularies and for physicians and institutions to adopt and change existing standards of care, we have been more confident our staged commercialization approach is tthey best way to launch DSUVIA. We believe that once DSUVIA is initially used, its applications in acute pain will be broadly accepted within theyalthcare settings, given its efficacy, safety and ease of use characteristics that benefit tthey patient, as well as tthey theyalthcare systems. Raffi will now take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. We ended tthey first quarter of 2019 with $90.2 million in cash and short-term investments. Our net cash outflow for tthey first quarter was $15.5 million, driven mainly by our $10.3 million of operating expenses or combined R&D and SG&A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation. Debt service during tthey quarter was $2.3 million, which is attributed to our senior secured debt as currently amortizing. Tthey amount of senior debt at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2019 was $10 million. Revenues for tthey first quarter of 2019 were $0.3 million, in-line with 2018 and reflect only five weeks of DSUVIA being available for sale. Q1 2019 revenues include DSUVIA net sales of approximately $50,000 plus Zalviso collaboration related revenues. Hospital formulary approvals in tthey first year of tthey launch remain tthey key to setting our foundation for commercial success. As previously mentioned, on average, we expect it to take six months to obtain formulary approval for DSUVIA. Ttheyrefore, we anticipate third and fourth quarter revenues to begin reflecting more meaningful DSUVIA sales contribution. DSUVIA gross to net sales percentage in tthey first quarter was 37%, compared to 35% expected for tthey year. We continue to track to achieving 125 formulary approvals by tthey end of 2019 with a significant increase in approvals expected in tthey second half of tthey year. Combined R&D and SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2019 totaled $11.4 million compared to $7.5 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, ttheyse amounts were $10.3 million for tthey first quarter of 2019, compared to $6.5 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey increase in R&D and SG&A expenses is primarily due to higtheyr personnel-related expenses attributable to tthey commercial launch of DSUVIA. We expect tthey combined R&D and SG&A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation in tthey remaining quarters of 2019 to be within tthey $13 million to $16 million range previously communicated. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. So to summarize, we remain confident in tthey success we'll have with DSUVIA to believe ttheir product has tthey ability to create meaningful positive change in acute pain management in theyalthcare settings. We'll continue to methodically execute against our 2019 plan, while maintaining financial discipline. I'd now like to open tthey line up for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Dan Busby Hey, everyone. Ttheir is Dan Busby on for Randall. I've got a few questions. First off, could you theylp us put tthey ambulatory surgical center opportunity into perspective, 300 is obviously a big number and without going into specific numbers. Could you compare tthey frequency of DSUVIA use that you would expect to see at a typical ASC as a percentage of what you might expect to see at a typical hospital, ttheir if you were to compare ttheym on a relative basis. Vince Angotti Yeah, Dan, ttheir is Vincent. Thanks for tthey question. I'll give you a little bit of color behind it and ttheyn about comparative use. Apart from tthey hospital calls, tthey sales team also frequents ASCs in ttheyir respective territories. So based on ttheyse visits, obviously, ttheyre was enough interest created to allow AcelRx to approach ttheir particular ASC's corporate office to have ttheym evaluate loss and distributed gain approval. Without ttheir approval, DSUVIA is unable to utilize. So of ttheyse interestingly, about 70% of ttheyse ASCs actually fall within our occupied territories. So that's important. And tthey ottheyr it thing provides is cross pollinization with tthey hospital. So it potentially allows a physician or nurse to experience DSUVIA prior to a hospital formulary process. So ttheyy can take ttheyse learnings to tthey hospital. So while we've been mainly focused on tthey formularies in hospitals, because of tthey multiple settings of use for those particular institutions, tthey ASCs obviously for same-day surgeries is an appropriate place for use and each ASC is different from tthey next and different from tthey hospital patient flow, because some ASCs might have two or three surgeons, ttheyy might just have one surgeon in ttheym, who owns it on ttheyir own versus tthey hospitals, which have obviously multiple physicians ttheyre. So it's difficult to put ttheym on a comparative basis of one versus tthey ottheyr, because ttheyy're all unique to ttheymselves. Dan Busby Okay, that's fair. And ttheyn just to confirm from tthey opening remarks, you mentioned 46 hospital formulary reviews were cited and five of those have been approvals, so that would imply 41 are still ongoing discussions. Is that correct? Vince Angotti Correct. Yeah. So our first five wins actually came in April. Raffi Asadorian Yeah. Ttheyy're actually -- just to clarify, tthey ongoing discussions, I mean those are sctheyduled P&T committee reviews that will -- that are happening theyre. Dan Busby Okay, understood. Thank you. And ttheyn just one last one for me, on REMS, I think you mentioned on tthey last earnings call that your first REMS report was due six months post approval. I think that fell last week, so are you able to speak to well -- I guess first correct me if I'm wrong, but are you able to speak to any takeaways or highlights from that report at ttheir point? Pam Pierce Yes. We did turn in that REMS report and that first six months report has just some very basic information in it, which we supply tthey FDA, but tthey -- it's not as detailed as tthey year ttheyy reported. Dan Busby Okay, got it. And ttheyn just maybe a follow-up on REMS. Is it -- it all burdensome for hospitals to get ttheyir REMS protocols establittheyyd and put into place? I'm just wondering, because you mentioned, it takes six months on average to get on formulary. Should we be adding any time on top of that to allow for ttheyse REMS programs to be put in place or is that pretty much taking care of wtheyn it is approved? Vince Angotti Yeah, I wouldn't say, it's taking -- taking care of tthey day of approval, ttheyy are long completed typically shortly ttheyreafter. But, ttheyy're preparing for it and evaluating that all along inclusive of tthey formulary review. So it's component what ttheyy review moving forward. It hasn't been an obstacle or a concern. I can tell you that of tthey five wins that we have all tthey REMS are already completed for those particular institutions. I can't promise you it will be that efficient moving forward, but that's a fair indicator. We even have a few institutions that while it's on tthey sctheydule for tthey P&T during tthey course of tthey next couple of months have already become REMS certified, so a few of ttheym actually got atheyad of tthey game. So ttheyre's not one formula fits all, but it clearly doesn't seem to be a significant lagging issue beyond an approval. Dan Busby That's theylpful color. Thank you. Vince Angotti You're welcome. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Brandon Folkes from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I wonder if you could share some of tthey consistent feedback you've received in terms of wtheyre DSUVIA is getting used in hospitals, perhaps tthey key benefits that facilities are seeing with tthey product? And what ttheyy are replacing use of in place of DSUVIA? And ttheyn secondly, maybe could you provide any color on tthey impact of tthey IV opioid shortage, has ttheir provided a tailwind for you guys to get in front of hospitals? Thank you. Vince Angotti Hi, Brandon, thanks. Ttheir is Vince. I'm going to turn tthey first part of that question over to Pam and as much time as I was spending in tthey field, Pam has been marrying it with theyr work at different institutions around tthey country as well. So Pam? Pam Palmer Yes. So I have had a tremendous opportunity to speak to folks in all different levels of theyalthcare. And obviously, as we said in tthey call that tthey non-invasive nature is tthey immediate thing that people think about as being an advantage. But as soon as ttheyy theyar about tthey PK profile and that is being a noninvasive route of administration that allows an onset in 15 minutes. A very blunted peak plasma level. And what that means is, if I gave you tthey same dose IV, 30 micrograms of sufentanil, you would have a very high peak plasma level and wtheyn ttheyy're used to using ttheyse drugs, wtheyttheyr it's IV fentanyl or IV sufentanil in tthey hospital. Ttheyy're used to that sharp high peak plasma level causing side effects and ttheyn falling off quickly and ttheyn tthey patient is in pain again, and ttheyn ttheyy have to re-dose quickly. But ttheyy love ttheyse drugs, because ttheyy don't have any active metabolites, ttheyy are very cardiac stable. So to give ttheym ttheir drug without that peak and trough, PK profile is really profound, I mean that really from an anesttheysiologist point of view from -- from wtheyttheyr it's cardiac surgeon standpoint or even emergency room doctors that understand opioids, wtheyn ttheyy see tthey PK profile, it really speaks to ttheym above and beyond tthey non-invasive route of administration. Vince Angotti I hope that add some color to it, Brandon. To your second question on tthey impact of tthey IV opioid shortage, I can tell you, we just had an add couple of weeks ago on tthey first two questions, wanted to confirm that we'd be able to have supply, which continues to tell us that ttheyse IV shortages -- IV opioid shortages throughout tthey country are continuing. We continue to theyar in all aspects of areas of tthey country wtheyre we certainly have sales representatives and doesn't seem like it's going away anytime soon. So just tthey fact that we have supply seems to be a bit of a tailwind for us. Brandon Folkes Great. Thank you very much. Vince Angotti You're welcome. Thank you, Brandon. Operator Tthey next question comes from Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Vamil Divan Hi, great. Thanks for taking tthey question. So maybe just one following up on tthey ASC commentary, I think you said about 70% of tthey ASCs would be within your covered territories. So I'm just wondering if you are -- how you're thinking about tthey ottheyr 30%, is that something you may look to as things you won't expand into or so if your plan is always serve and focus more on tthey -- on sort of tthey core 70%? And ttheyn second, maybe just from a modeling perspective, maybe give us a little more color on tthey contract and ottheyr revenue line. Just so we can think about how to model that, because we -- tthey revenues did ttheir quarter, I'm -- just want to make sure we got it right as we go forward. Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes. Good questions, Vamil. So for tthey ASC, that's correct. About 70% of those ASCs for ttheir particular system fall within our currently occupied territories, which is obviously tthey bulk of ttheym. About 80% of ttheym total fall within our sales alignment. So as we expand, we'll get to about 80% of ttheym. We're likely not going to expand, just to cover ttheyse ASCs. So beyond that 80% are those that likely we wouldn't cover with a personal touch for potentially as some telemarketing or reach out in a different fashion moving forward. So, I hit part of tthey question, Raf? Raffi Asadorian Yeah, superb. On tthey -- so we have tthey collaboration and ttheyn we have tthey contract in ottheyr, I mean theirtorically that contract in ottheyr was mainly tthey DoD contract that we had for development of DSUVIA. So I don't see which you've modeled. But I wouldn't have much in tthey contract line, it's really going to be coming through that collaboration line which will mainly be our deferred revenue with tthey collaboration agreement with GRT as well as tthey royalties and milestones that we would get from any sales that GRT -- Grunenthal makes for us. Vamil Divan Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalman. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Thanks, operator, guys, thanks for taking tthey questions. Couple theyre stemming from comments I am theyaring on tthey call, we spoke last time about ERAS, tthey Enhanced Recovery After Surgery. Hearing it again, I'm just curious, is that down tthey road setting, in which you may be able to generate some data, which will theylp you in future sales of tthey product to show maybe from a pharmacoeconomic way or at least from safety efficacy, how that affects patient outcomes? Vince Angotti We’ll have Pam answer that one, Michael. Thanks. Pam Palmer Sure. Yeah, tthey whole point of ERAS is early mobilization and getting out any invasive tubes and lines, cattheyters et cetera. So tthey patient can ambulate, get theyalthy and get out of tthey hospital before ttheyy catch an infection or pneumonia or have a deep vein thrombosis or all tthey complications of staying around hospitals. And DSUVIA by being non-invasive fits very easily and wtheyn we talk to tthey leaders of ERAS over tthey years that was very clear. One of tthey ottheyr things in addition, again to tthey non-invasive is tthey PK profile. Wtheyn ERAS uses opioids, tthey protocol calls ttheym a breakthrough opioid. So ttheyy're using non-opioid analgesics as tthey baseline treatment and ttheyy're using opioids only as breakthrough. And in that treatment paradigm, you need to have a very specific PK profile, meaning fast onset and ttheyn a reasonable duration of time and ttheyn a nice offset. Ttheyy don't want round tthey clock dosing of ttheyse opioids. So we are excited. Some of tthey top leaders of tthey ERAS movement theyre in tthey U.S. have actually contacted us around investigator initiated trials and we're working right now, do some protocols with ttheym. Michael Higgins Okay, that's interesting to theyar. Thanks. It just strikes me as a great opportunity for tthey drug. And ttheyn just to get back to tthey approved vendor that you are penetrating locations. Can you name tthey system, yet? Are we too early for that and just to theylp us in understanding, how big ttheir might be, tthey number of patients ttheyy treat, tthey number of potential DSUVIA patients that may be treated at tthey 300 locations over a year and should we look for any more of ttheyse agreements to be struck in 2019? Thanks. Vince Angotti Good question, Michael. We can't provide you forecasting or modeling data as it relates to tthey size of ttheir particular team. What we can tell you is that we've identified 12 including ttheir one that really of specific interest to us, because ttheyy have a certain size or magnitude to ttheym. Ttheir is tthey largest of those identified. Just to give you little more color, tthey top five of ttheyse 12, tthey top five alone account for about 90% of tthey sites around tthey country of ttheyse 12. So it's highly concentrated with potential in ttheyse higtheyr volume accounts. And yeah, we'll look to some of tthey ottheyrs. Again, we really want to continue to focus on tthey hospitals. But ttheir is an opportunity we see moving forward for ttheyse physicians again to gain experience outside of tthey hospital and bring those learnings to that institution. Raffi Asadorian It is important to realize that for each of ttheyse particular installations, ttheyy would have to be REMS certified just to qualify it. So each site that would actually receive product would have to become certainly certified through in order to carry our product to our REMS program, but ttheyy all already carry -- most of ttheym ideal candidates so ttheyy will be eligible. Michael Higgins And ttheyn just a follow-up, as you look out to tthey back half of tthey year, what percent of tthey sales may come from ttheyse ASCs like ttheir, you certainly seen it within ER products. You consider tthey pack year as tthey great opportunity to locks terms as well in tthey hospital. But tthey ASCs, that's a meaningful piece of tthey revenue outlook in 2019 or is it a nice to have? Vince Angotti Yeah. No. It's difficult to estimate ttheyse versus tthey balance of it. We have some hospitals looking at it for tthey ER use only, some hospitals looking at it for tthey same day surgery, some hospitals looking at it for across tthey board. Yeah, we've got ottheyr institutions looking at it for ttheyir burn center. So it's difficult to give a proportion of tthey sales that will come specifically from ttheyse ASCs. Raffi Asadorian Yeah, I would say, Michael, that we still have to pull it through, right? Ttheir is like -- it's like a formulary win. We still have to pull it through and tthey sales force still needs to go out ttheyre and work that each of those units. So I wouldn't expect any material changes to what we are expecting. Michael Higgins Appreciate tthey feedback. Thanks, guys. Vince Angotti Thanks, Michael. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andrew D'Silva with B Riley FBR. Please go atheyad. Andrew D'Silva Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Actually, I only got one. Most of mine were already answered. But I was just curious as it relates to formulary lists and your target within tthey year. Are you counting that on a per hospital basis -- is some theyalth systems, if you get in a formulary list, it carries over to multiple hospitals, so, is it per hospital or per formulary list? Vince Angotti It's a per hospital list, but we have some systems currently that are looking at -- what do we call ttheym, high-control level force and those would be tthey ones that wtheyre if ttheyy have five, six or seven units meaning installations, brick and mortar buildings, ttheyy would all automatically put it on formulary. Ottheyrs, unless ttheyy're high control. You'd have to go work each formulary within that particular system. So right now, we're actually looking as brick and mortar buildings that have access to tthey product based on approval. Andrew D'Silva Okay. But it should be a fairly similar number just kind of based on that context, you just gave since -- seems like most of ttheym are for individual hospitals? Vince Angotti Correct. We have some systems in ttheyre, but most of ttheym individual right now. Andrew D'Silva Got it. Perfect. Thank you very much. Good luck going forward ttheir year. Vince Angotti Thank you, Andrew. Operator Tthey next question comes from Leland Gerttheyyll with Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Aryeh Gold Hi, ttheir is Aryeh Gold on for Leland Gerttheyyll. I had -- I just have one quick question at ttheir point. Were ttheyse initial sales mostly a few large bulk orders or were ttheyy multiple repeated orders? Vince Angotti So ttheyse were -- tthey first sales for tthey first quarter came without formulary approvals. Remember, all of our formulary approvals started in tthey second quarter of April. So ttheir was just tthey early stocking by tthey wholesalers, which as expected along would be limited. You're not going to see large stockings of opioid products in tthey wholesaler channel. Aryeh Gold All right. Thanks for taking my question. Vince Angotti You're welcome. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator and thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We know it's early, but based on tthey initial feedback, we remain confident DSUVIA's impact for acute pain in ttheyse medically supervised settings. So, again, thank you for your support and have a great day. Operator Ttheir conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.