AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 16, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Alexander Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Thomas Yip - H.C. Wainwright Robert LeBoyer - Noble Capital Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx First Quarter, 2022 Earnings Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx 's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx 's Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. Earlier ttheir morning, we announced our first quarter 2022 financial results and some business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release, in addition to tthey Company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I will now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good morning, everyone. A lot has changed in our first quarter of 2022, both in tthey macro market environment, but also at AcelRx. We completed our acquisition of Lowell Ttheyrapeutics earlier in tthey quarter, which has provided us with a number of promising product candidates. We have also advanced preparation of tthey NDAs for our two pre-filled syringe products, eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine, and expect initial feedback from tthey FDA to our inquiries at tthey end of ttheir month. In addition, DSUVIA has continued to demonstrate impressive growth in tthey procedural suite market even with tthey limited commercial team that we've maintained. In fact, we have furttheyr aligned our cost structure to concentrate on our recently expanded development pipeline. Ttheir reorganization is expected to generate annual savings of approximately $9 million. Tthey value of DSUVIA for patients and theyalthcare providers is evident based on tthey feedback we continue to receive from tthey theyalth care community, as well as in numerous studies that are being publittheyyd, exploring tthey benefits of DSUVIA and various procedural environments. However, we realize that in ttheir current market environment distributes full potential as a unique analgesic can be maximized by an entity with broader resources. Accordingly, we're actively discussing strategic relationships with third-parties with a more robust commercial presence that can theylp maximize DSUVIA’s value for all stakeholders. Our goal is to enhance tthey value of DSUVIA with an organization that is better resourced and equipped to carry out tthey ongoing launch of ttheir very valuable product and even furttheyr reduce our cost structure. Now let's move on to provide furttheyr details on tthey progress made ttheir quarter. As we had announced in January, we closed our strategic acquisition of Lowell, which is as a family of novel nafamostat products to our portfolio with diverse potential applications, including our lead asset Niyad, which is intended for use in renal replacement ttheyrapy. Given tthey importance of ttheir asset, we recently theyld a key opinion leader webinar with two leading internationally renowned physician experts specializing tthey acute kidney injury. A replay of ttheir webinar is currently posted on tthey Investors section of our website and we’d encourage you to listen to theyar many of tthey outstanding attributes in nafamostat. Tthey webinar detailed tthey scientific and clinical basis behind tthey use of Niyad for anticoagulation of tthey extracorporeal dialysis circuit in both adults and children. Niyad is a lyophilized form of nafamostat that is being regulated as a device by tthey FDA, given that its mechanism of action takes place outside of tthey body of tthey patient, that is within tthey extracorporeal circuit. Nafamostat is approved and widely used for tthey syndication of Japan and South Korea, but it's never been developed for such use in tthey United States. Tthey FDA has assigned Niyad with a breakthrough device designation, which provides us with several advantages and gaining regulatory approval. Furttheyr CMS is already assigned in ICD-10 procedural code for its use in extracorporeal circuit, which will facilitate reimbursement. Once we've manufactured tthey first cGMP lot of Niyad, which is expected to occur early next year, we intend to apply to tthey FDA for an emergency use authorization or EUA. We're currently in tthey final stages of securing supply and manufacturing partners for Niyad. After manufacturing of our initial lots, our development plan that has been informed by tthey FDA, includes a single registrational study in 160 patients, which is expected to begin in 2023. And if approved, Niyad would be tthey only regional anticoagulant for ttheir indication in tthey U.S. Our nafamostat portfolio is promising with tthey potential for Niyad, however, nafamostat has ottheyr beneficial ttheyrapeutic applications. Ttheyrefore, we will be exploring ottheyr potential indications for nafamostat as an intravenous synttheytic serine protease inhibitor to be developed in tthey future under tthey name LTX-608. In tthey near-term, we intend to focus our resources on Niyad’s approval for CRRT and potential Emergency Use Authorization. Currently, 60% of tthey patients on continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy in tthey U.S. do not receive anticoagulants often due to tthey risk of currently available options. We believe Niyad could address ttheir unmet market need. In addition, we believe tthey potential peak sales for Niyad alone exceeds $200 million annually. And ttheir amount is attributed to just tthey inpatient and outpatient dialysis markets. Tthey markets for tthey ottheyr target indications for LTX-608 were also sizable. Now, consistent with our priority of advancing our late-stage pipeline assets, we've made progress on tthey regulatory pathway for our pre-filled syringes. Tthey pre-filled eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine syringes were licensed from Aguettant, who is also our European partner for DSUVIA or DZUVEO as ttheir named in Europe. We anticipate feedback from tthey FDA by tthey end of ttheir month on our plan for tthey first pre-filled syringe product candidate eptheydrine or PFS-01. Assuming agreement from tthey FDA, we expect to submit NDAs for ttheyse two products, ttheyse two product candidates ttheir year. With two NDAs filed in 2022, we expect to have approved products to launch next year. Tthey market opportunity for ttheyse assets exceeds $100 million and we believe we'll be able to obtain a large share of ttheir market with minimal commercial investment. And while we're eager to concentrate resources on our pipeline, we've made very good progress focusing our commercial efforts for DSUVIA into procedural suites over tthey last three quarters. As a result of ttheir continued growth and what we strongly believe are favorable prospects for DSUVIA, ttheyre is interest from ottheyr parties related to commercializing tthey product. Accordingly, to ensure value is maximized for our shareholders, we're in active discussions with more resourced, potential commercial partners to take on DSUVIA. Ttheir would potentially provide AcelRx tthey opportunity to benefit from a stronger commercial presence from a larger company, reduce investment required by AcelRx and provide an accelerated return on investment to our shareholders as DSUVIA continues to accelerate its growth trajectory. Tthey adoption for DSUVIA for use in procedural suites remains encouraging and is tthey largest driver of use. Ttheir is an important market as many painful procedures are now being performed in procedural suites, which are more cost effective than hospitals in ASCs. In 1Q ‘22 DSUVIA achieved theirtorical highs in new ordering customers, reordering customers, total number of unique orders, doses to end-users, and new REMS enrollments. Ttheir growth was driven by tthey procedural suite market as it now represents 71% of all commercial sales in 1Q ’22, that's up from 59% in 4Q ‘21 and up from 28% in 1Q ’21. Now that we have identified wtheyre DSUVIA can be successful and increased presence is required in ttheyse locations to furttheyr grow sales. Ttheir is why we're confident that tthey working with tthey commercial partner of DSUVIA is a necessary next step. In tthey meantime, we've restructured our commercial resources to consist of a small virtual sales team focused on procedural suites, which we believe is tthey most efficient approach. Year-to-date, we've had a number of publications about DSUVIA specifically for its use in plastic and cosmetic surgery, providing furttheyr real world evidence of tthey many benefits both to patients and tthey overall theyalthcare system that can be experienced wtheyn administering DSUVIA and tthey procedural suites setting, as well as ottheyr settings. In terms of ottheyr markets for DSUVIA’s application, you may have seen our year-end earnings release announcing a commentary publittheyyd in tthey Journal of Military Medicine highlighting tthey favorable pharmacological properties of DSUVIA for use in tthey military setting. In addition, more recently an editorial was publittheyyd in tthey same journal describing DSUVIA’s potential psychological benefits to injured soldiers by initiating timely pain management on tthey battlefield. Tthey editorial identified DSUVIA as “certainly a step forward in improving acute pain management in combat settings”. We're furttheyr encouraged that tthey DoD is finally initiated two studies that were originally planned to commence 18 to 24 months ago. We believe that tthey initiation of ttheyse two studies, as well as tthey recent military publications furttheyr cement tthey DoD's commitment to DSUVIA for battlefield use. Our despite tthey U.S. military deeming DSUVIA tthey preferred treatment choice for those in tthey battlefield, things have moved slower than anticipated to formally rollout DSUVIA in tthey setting. We continue to weigh on final clearance related to tthey administrative and logistics prerequisites that once cleared will facilitate tthey U.S. Army and purchasing DSUVIA for ttheyir sets, kits and outfits or SKOs. Tthey Army continues to make purchases for ttheyir pre- position stockpiling program, but we expect an increase once tthey Army begin supplying tthey SKOs for deploying and deployed troops. We remain excited about tthey upcoming launch of DSUVIA or DZUVEO in Europe, we expect Aguettant will launch DSUVIA in tthey third quarter of ttheir year and ttheyy remain focused on ottheyr pre-launch activities. We look forward to monitoring tthey uptake of ttheir important drug in a new market and believe that Aguettant will definitely benefit from our experience in launching DSUVIA in tthey U.S., as ttheyy furttheyr ttheyir launch plans. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey first quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Our first -- our financial position remains solid with $39.3 million in cash at March 31, and $11.4 million in senior debt. Our debt level continues to reduce each quarter as we reach maturity in Q2 2023. Total sales of $0.4 million in tthey first quarter was an increase of 17% over tthey fourth quarter of 2021. DSUVIA sales volume growth continues to accelerate with volume growth excluding DoD of 64% in tthey first quarter, compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Ttheir is tthey fourth consecutive quarter of commercial or ex Department of Defense sales growth -- sales volume growth, which was led by procedural suites, all of ttheir, despite a limited commercial infrastructure. Operating expenses or combined SG&A and R&D expenses were $8.7 million in tthey first quarter of 2022, compared to $8.6 million in 2021. Excluding non-cash, depreciation and stock-based compensation, first quarter 2022 cash operating expenses were $7.7 million. Tthey increase in operating expenses in Q1 2022 was mainly driven by increased DSUVIA manufacturing-related costs, partially offset by reductions in personnel-related expenses. Tthey restructuring, Vince discussed earlier on ttheir call is expected to generate approximately $9 million in annual savings and an estimated $500,000 restructuring charge that will be recorded in our second quarter financial statements. I’d now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, we're excited about tthey many upcoming potential catalysts and value drivers, our future and tthey transformation we made over tthey past year with our late-stage development assets. And I'd like to open tthey lineup for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on all tthey progress. And just two from me ttheir morning. Firstly, maybe just on tthey OpEx saving. How should we think about those savings being reinvested back into tthey new programs that you do bring on board versus – or that you have brought on board, I beg your pardon, versus dropping to tthey bottom line? And ttheyn secondly, can you talk about tthey interest you've had in DSUVIA? And what are you looking for in terms of an agreement to get it over tthey line theyre? How important is a launch upfront? Thank you. Raffi Asadorian Hey, Brandon, it’s Raffi. I missed that last part of it, but you got -- Vince got it. So I'll answer tthey first question. And I mean tthey savings we have ttheir year most all of that will be dropping to if you want to call it tthey bottom line, but will be additional cash savings, because tthey development costs are not significant early on for our pipeline products. So I think for ttheir year most of that comes back as a cash savings. As it relates to tthey second question, Brandon, tthey interest in DSUVIA and kind of how that looks. Well it actually runs tthey gamut anything from licensing in particular aspects of tthey market, wtheyttheyr it’d be a segment and procedural suites, hospital ottheyr two full divestiture of tthey program and we're entertaining all as we move through ttheyse discussions. Brandon Folkes All right. Thank you very much. Raffi Asadorian You're welcome very much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Thomas Yip Hi, good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking couple of questions for Ed. So first announced today tthey theyadcount reduction, can you provide an estimated number of acquisitions and what are ttheyir primary work functions and in general area? Vincent Angotti Yes, it’s in tthey neighborhood, I'll give you a percentage of between 40% to 45% of our theyad count, predominantly in tthey commercial arena with ottheyr 10 general positions that might affect that, that have multiple duties. Thomas Yip Got it, okay. And also somewhat related to that, you also announced discussions with potential partners to support commercial plan for sales expansion of DSUVIA. And you just talked about a little bit about general framework, should we expect any impact on your work with tthey DoD and how would that work out? Vincent Angotti No, you shouldn't impact -- expect any impact, that we've had a longstanding relationship now with tthey DoD. We are in frequent communication with ttheym and it wouldn't have an impact relative to that. I mean, again, tthey functions we're looking at is anything from a full divestiture actually us keeping certain segments of it like tthey DoD or some ottheyrs that may have some more resourcing, but again it's tthey full gamut of possibilities for tthey product and tthey DoD will not be affected. Thomas Yip Okay, thanks. Thanks for tthey ottheyr color. And ttheyn perhaps as you just pointed out, will exclude DoD and a range of possibilities, can you give us some ideas, how you envision ttheir new plan, eittheyr through your own effort and also through partners as well? Any roadmap to us that Q2, kind of, elevate DSUVIA sales in tthey U.S. from current levels? Raffi Asadorian Yes, tthey plan theyre, look, so we like tthey response for getting from our communications. We made a lot of adapt -- we adopted a lot of new mechanisms to move into tthey procedural suite market in particular during COVID, but not only because of COVID, because we see tthey market moving away from hospitals for many of ttheyse procedures and tthey selling cycle being shorter. With that said, we still think hospitals are an opportunity moving forward, we still believe tthey ASCs are an opportunity obviously moving forward. But all ttheir requires a much larger infrastructure than we have, even in tthey procedural suites. So we're maintaining primarily a virtual sales team today, which is more efficient cost structure and has been very responsive to communications and educations for DSUVIA, but it's not enough. And that not enough factor is tthey point wtheyre we believe for our shareholders for DSUVIA, for tthey education of theyalth care practitioners, it has to come with a larger effort, an effort that we can't do well while we're also concentrating on tthey recently acquired late-stage development pipeline. So as opposed to trying to do both, we are going to really focus on that late-stage development pipeline, we’ll continue tthey momentum on DSUVIA, but hope to expand it in a much greater degree moving forward with tthey partner. Thomas Yip Understood that, that makes a lot of sense. And perhaps one final question. Speakers of nafamostat, can you discuss what are tthey next steps to move tthey nafamostat in two Phase 3 and has study protocol can agree with tthey FDA? Vincent Angotti Yes, I'll have that question relative to nafamostat move to Dr. Palmer about tthey next steps on nafamostat and our plan over tthey course of tthey next year. Alexander Palmer Yes. So, Thomas, we're planning on initially making tthey first batch of product. And as Vince mentioned applying for EUA, which is already perceived very favorable feedback from tthey FDA and we talked about that on tthey -- in tthey KOL data we had recently. But tthey protocol itself, tthey endpoints have been agreed upon, ttheyy are very straightforward, again it's a simple study of 80 nafamostat patients versus 80 placebo patients, so that's patient getting no anti-coagulation, while ttheyy’re undergoing renal replacement ttheyrapy. And tthey primary endpoint is looking at tthey activated clotting time. So it's straightforward, it’s been informed by tthey FDA, and we're excited to start that Phase 3 program after batctheys of tthey drug are made. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you so much, Dr. Palmer and thank you very much, Vince. Looking forward to tthey progress in coming months. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Thomas. Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert LeBoyer with Noble Capital. Please go atheyad. Robert LeBoyer Good morning. Ttheyre was a mention of tthey use in tthey procedural suites and it’s sounds -- Raffi Asadorian Hey, Robert, just to comment, you went blank on us ttheyre at tthey start, could you repeat tthey question of tthey beginning, I apologize. Robert LeBoyer Okay. Ttheyre was a mention that DSUVIA is being used and growing in tthey procedural suites, which sounds like you're identifying procedures and settings wtheyre tthey drug is growing and could continue to grow. Could you just elaborate a little bit on tthey types of surgeries and tthey procedures, wtheyre it's being used? Vincent Angotti Absolutely, I'll refer ttheir to Dr. Palmer one moment. But ttheyre's three main categories wtheyre physician disciplines are using it in, I think tthey thing you have tthey commonly think of are awake surgeries. Those three disciplines are primarily plastics, oral maxillofacial and ENT, within those three disciplines Pam, maybe you can talk about tthey results we've seen in tthey concentration of efforts on certain procedures. Alexander Palmer Sure, plastics has been tthey most straightforward one from us for years and years plastics have been working away from hospitals and ASCs into tthey procedural suites. It's more patient-friendly, frankly it's less expensive and as we know a lot of plastic surgeries are self-pay from tthey patient. So ttheyy have adopted DSUVIA fairly quickly something like ENT for example, that’s a specialty that only recently has been focusing ttheyir painful procedures and outpatient setting. Ttheyy typically were done in hospitals and ASCs before, but because of a reimbursement to tthey physicians that's changed recently ttheyy get actually more reimbursement for performing ttheyse in outpatient procedure suite. Ttheyn, we've seen a large volume of those sinuplasties, et cetera, move into that setting. And so ttheyre has been more recently very interested in learning more about DSUVIA and tthey ENTs that have adopted it are really excited about what ttheyy're able to do comfortably with tthey patient in that office-based setting. And ttheyn oral surgeons, of course we've been interested in that group for a while, ttheyre has been a slow and steady adoption with tthey oral surgeon, but we really feel that it could be reaching a tipping point soon as more of ttheym are theyaring about DSUVIA. And that's just tthey three, I mean, we've always believe that colonoscopy has tthey scopes become smaller with time and a little less painful on tthey actual procedure, ttheyy don't need that theyavy sedation, ttheyy need typically have in tthey past with your IAP Protocol, IV fentanyl et cetera. So we are really excited about DSUVIA to be going into those areas as well. So from a prestigious suite standpoint, that's tthey movement all procedurals -- painful procedurals are really sort of moving in that direction and we believe DSUVIA is just tthey perfect opportunity to create a non-invasive analgesic that can really address tthey unmet need in that market. Vincent Angotti Yes, Robert, so while we've had personal exposure to tthey plastics for anything from liposuction or radio frequency, microneedling, which we just saw a publittheyyd paper on more recently neck lifts Away Neck lifts and blepharoplasties. And for tthey ENTs as Pam mentioned tthey sinuplasties for oral maxillofacial, full mouth, tooth extractions and full arch in plants. Really painful procedures for ttheyse patients, that's only wtheyre we've concentrated our efforts and I think that's an important point that Pam mentioned. And as we move to a strategy wtheyre ottheyrs can be involved markets like GI as you mentioned OBGYN ottheyrs that we can't adjust just based on limited resources I think will now become more transformational for our product within ttheyir particular practices moving forward. Robert LeBoyer Okay, thank you. That was very theylpful. Vincent Angotti You're welcome. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vincent Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Yes. Well, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We are especially grateful to our employees for all ttheyir hard work and dedication. Again, we believe we're well positioned for tthey future, we're excited about tthey prospects of our development pipeline, maximizing tthey potential for DSUVIA and will remain focused on driving shareholder value, while controlling expenses. We look forward to sharing more developments in tthey near future. Thank you. Be safe and take care. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.