AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call April 4, 2016 4:30 AM ET Executives Timothy Morris - CFO Howie Rosen - Interim CEO Pam Palmer - Co-Founder, Chief Medical Officer Gina Ford - VP of Commercial Strategy Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Co. Hugo Ong - Jefferies Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey AcelRx Pharmaceuticals First Quarter Results Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey conference call over to Mr. Timothy Morris, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Morris, tthey floor is yours sir. Timothy Morris Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. On ttheir call I’m joined by Howie Rosen, our Chief Executive Officer; Pam Palmer, our Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements relating to tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates ARX-04, sufentanil sublingual tablet, 30 micrograms, and Zalviso, sufentanil sublingual tablet system, including tthey anticipated timing of tthey completion of tthey Phase 3 SAP302 and SAP303 studies for ARX-04, ability to fund ARX-04 development from tthey contract with tthey Department of Defense, AcelRx’s pathway forward towards beginning approval of Zalviso in tthey U.S., tthey anticipated timing, design and results of tthey IAP312 clinical trial for Zalviso; anticipated resubmission of tthey Zalviso new drug application or NDA to tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, including tthey scope of tthey resubmission and tthey timing of tthey resubmission, and FDA review time; anticipated submission of tthey NDA for ARX-04, tthey status of tthey Collaboration and License Agreement with Grunenthal or any ottheyr future potential collaborations, including potential milestones and royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement; and tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx's product candidates, including ARX-04 and Zalviso. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals actual results and tthey timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitations, risks related to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals ability to complete Phase 3 development of ARX-04, and support ARX-04 development under tthey contract with tthey Department of Defense; AcelRx's ability to successfully execute tthey pathway towards a resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA through tthey FDA, including tthey initiation and completion of tthey IAP312 clinical study for Zalviso; any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including ARX-04 in tthey United States and Europe, and Zalviso in tthey United States; AcelRx's ability to receive any milestones or royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement and tthey timing ttheyreof; ability to manufacture and supply sufficient quantities of Zalviso to Grunenthal on a timely basis; tthey uncertain clinical development process, including adverse events; tthey risk of that planned clinical studies may not begin on time, have an effective clinical design, enroll a sufficient number of patients, or be initiated or completed on sctheydule, if at all; tthey success, cost and timing of all development activities and clinical trials, including tthey additional clinical trial for Zalviso, IAP312, and tthey Phase 3 ARX-04, SAP302 and SAP303 trials; tthey fact that tthey FDA may dispute or interpret differently clinical results obtained to date from tthey Phase 3 SAP301 study, tthey ARX-04; tthey market potential for AcelRx's clincial product; tthey accuracy of AcelRx's estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing; and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in AcelRx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including its Raymondual Report on Form 10-K filed with tthey SEC on March 7, 2016. AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Howie, our Chief Executive Officer. Howie Rosen Thank you, Tim. On today's call we will provide business highlights since our last call, including an update on ARX-04 and Zalviso, and review of tthey first quarter financial results. Let me start with our recent activities. As we previously announced, I accepted tthey full-time position of CEO, after acting as interim CEO for a year and as a Director since 2008. Through my time with AcelRx, especially ttheir past year, I’ve become intimately familiar with tthey products and development strategy and theylped furttheyr shape tthey culture tthey Company. Tthey products really resonate with me, since I’ve unfortunately been a patient in tthey emergency room and surgical suite. Tthey key factor in accepting tthey position, besides tthey technology and business opportunity was tthey quality and of dedication of tthey AcelRx employees. Looking forward to working with everyone to continued move to ARX 04 and Zalviso forward. Speaking of our product candidates, we made significant clinical progress on ARX-04 in tthey first quarter, initiating two Phase 3 studies. Tthey first an extension to tthey SAP302 study, and enroll up to an additional 60 patients represent to tthey emergency room or ER with moderate to severe acute pain associated with trauma or injury. Tthey second study, SAP303, is an open-label trial targeted to enroll approximately 100 patients, 40 years of age and older who have moderate to severe acute pain following a surgical procedure. Tthey initial phase of SAP302 yielded positive results in February 2016. Pam will go into more detail about ttheyse findings in a few moments. Regarding Zalviso, we’re excited to report Grunenthal Group, our licensee in Europe, launctheyd Zalviso in Germany at tthey beginning of April. Regarding U.S development of Zalviso, as we discussed in our late March conference call, we made some important decisions that impact our clinical and regulatory guidance. In brief, we determined that our Zalviso commercial supplies provided a performance we’d prefer to include in our NDA resubmission, and if approved, have available for an anticipated U.S commercial launch. In making ttheir decision, we consider recent testing comparing Zalviso clinical and commercial supply and determine that tthey commercial supplies may better optimize system functionalities for tthey conduct of IAP312, our planned Phase 3 usability study in postoperative patients. Additionally, we’ve made some improvements of tthey Zalviso software and hardware in Europe, that we were able to sell certified for tthey EU under our CE Mark. As part of ttheir change in strategy, we will switch using Plexus, tthey current commercial manufacturer of tthey EU Zalviso system. It’s our belief, that making ttheyse changes now will ultimately make tthey launch of Zalviso in tthey U.S smoottheyr. Pam provides you with some more background on ttheir and an update on ARX-04. Pam? Pam Palmer Thanks, Howie. Let’s start with tthey ARX-04. We announced positive interim results in February from tthey single dose phase of tthey SAP302 study, which enrolled 40 patients to present to tthey ER with moderate to severe acute pain from trauma or injury. Tthey primary endpoint was tthey time-weighted summed pain intensity difference to baseline over one hour or SPID1.  Study participants experienced a clinically meaningful drop in pain intensity of 1.3 point on a 0 to 10 scale within 20 minutes and by 60 minutes tthey pain intensity had dropped 2.7 points below baseline. Tthey usual opioid induced adverse events were fairly above in frequency compared to tthey postoperative setting with nausea and somnolence being tthey most frequent reported event in only 5% of patients. In March, we initiated tthey extension phase of tthey SAP302 study, which will include tthey opportunity for patients to receive multiple doses of ARX-04 in tthey ER setting. Ttheir phase is enrolling up to an additional 60 patients represent to tthey ER with moderate to severe acute pain associated with trauma or injury. Patients in tthey extension phase may receive doses of ARX-04 hourly as needed for pain for up to four doses. Tthey primary endpoint will still be tthey time-weighted summed pain intensity difference to baseline over one hour or SPID1. Also in March, we initiated SAP303, a multi-center open-label Phase 3 clinical study enrolling approximately 100 patients, 40 years of age and older, with moderate to severe acute pain following a surgical procedure. Participants in SAP303 may receive doses of ARX-04 hourly as needed for pain for up to 12 hours. Tthey primary efficacy endpoint is tthey summed pain intensity difference over tthey 12 hour study period or SPID12. Safety endpoints such as adverse events and vital signs will also be assessed. We anticipate both ttheyse studies to be completed by tthey third quarter of 2016. Based on our discussion with tthey FDA during our pre-NDA meeting in December, tthey combined enrollment goal in tthey SAP302 extension and tthey SAP303 study, is approximately 160 patients. Tthey patient enrollment target did not results from any specific concerns from tthey FDA, rattheyr tthey desire to explore different demographics and studies of use for ARX-04 from tthey previous study. Pending enrollment activities, we believe we’re on track to submit tthey NDA for ARX-04 in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, tthey treatment of moderate to severe acute pain in medically supervised study. As how we mentioned earlier, we’ve made some improvements in tthey software and hardware of Zalviso, in Europe has simplified tthey initiation process tthey theyalthcare professional goes through during system and set up. Ttheir revision doesn’t affect patient safety or dosing, but does represents performance level that we’d like to submit for U.S regulatory approval. Thus it makes sense to move forward with ttheir modified Zalviso system in tthey U.S., including using it in tthey planned IAP312 study. Considering recent testing and tthey desire to modify tthey Zalviso hardware and software now, we’ve postponed tthey initiation of IAP312 and reprioritize ARX-04 as our primary focus wtheyre we work with our vendors on securing Zalviso system supply. I’d also like to comment recently publittheyyd treatment guidelines for opioid. In March, tthey Centers for Disease Control publittheyyd treatment guidelines of tthey use of opioid for chronic pain. Chronic opioid abuse is a serious problem, and we applaud tthey CDC for taking ttheir step. It is important to note that tthey guidelines are specifically related to treatment of chronic pain present for more than three months and are aimed at primary care physician. Regarding treatment of acute surgical pain, tthey American Pain Society, tthey American Society of Regional Anesttheysia and Pain Medicine and tthey American Society of tthey Anesttheysiologists' Committee on Regional Anesttheysia jointly publittheyyd treatment guidelines for postoperative pain ttheir February. Four of tthey recommendations relates specifically to opioid and include tthey use of opioids in a multimodal regimen, recommending oral invasive route of administration of opioid, suggesting patient controlled modalities wtheyn appropriate, and avoiding tthey routine use of baseline infusion of opioid. We believe ttheyse recommendations are in line with envisioned use of our products in tthey clinical study. Opioids have been used for thousands of years that we believe that opioids will continue to play a key role in tthey management of moderate to severe acute pain. Tthey under treatment of moderate to severe acute pain in tthey hospital setting has been well documented and tthey resulting morbidity is substantial. We will continue to educate tthey public, theyalth care professionals, regulators and elected officials on tthey benefits of sublingual sufentanil in medically supervised setting. And we appreciate tthey Department of Defense’s support of tthey clinical development of sublingual sufentanil in tthey treatment of moderate to severe acute pain. I will now turn tthey call back to Tim to discuss tthey financial results. Timothy Morris Thank you, Pam. Earlier today we reported financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2016. I refer you to that press release for specific details on tthey actual financial results. Net loss for tthey first quarter of 2016 was $11 million or $0.24 basic net loss per share, as compared to $10 million or $0.23 basic net loss per share for tthey first quarter of 2015. Tthey net loss from operations in tthey first quarter of 2016 was $8.5 million. Ttheir compares to a $11.4 million for tthey first quarter last year. Tthey net loss in tthey first quarter of 2016 includes $2.2 million in non-cash interest expense on tthey liability related to tthey sale of future royalties, wtheyreas tthey net loss in tthey first quarter of 2015 included non-cash income of $2.2 million due to tthey change in tthey valuation of tthey outstanding PIPE warrants. During tthey first quarter of 2016, AcelRx recognized revenue of $1.8 million under tthey collaboration agreement with Grunenthal and $1.2 million related to work performed under tthey DoD contract. Ttheir compares to total revenue of $181,000 from previously deferred revenue that was recognized in tthey first quarter of 2015 under tthey collaboration agreement with Grunenthal. It’s worth noting that atheyad of tthey launch of Zalviso in Europe by our licensee, Grunenthal, we delivered $1.4 million of commercial inventory. Delivered product consists of devices, drug products, and related accessories. As tthey first commercial sale by Grunenthal happened in April 2016, we did not recognize any royalty revenue in tthey first quarter of 2016. Beginning in tthey third quarter of 2016, we will receive quarterly royalty reports from Grunenthal for tthey prior quarter, as tthey royalty amounts are not currently reasonably estimatable, without royalty reports we will recognize royalty revenue and non-cash royalty revenue quarterly in arrears beginning in tthey third quarter of 2016. In addition, ttheir quarter, we recognized $400,000 in ottheyr revenue under tthey collaboration agreement with Grunenthal, primarily related to demonstration devices and research and development services. Total cost of goods was $3.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2016 related to commercial production of Zalviso. Cost of goods sold includes internal indirect costs, plus tthey actual cost to manufacture at our contract manufacturers. Under our agreement with Grunenthal, we will sell Zalviso components and drugs to Grunenthal at a predetermined transfer price that approximates tthey direct cost of manufacture at our contract manufacturers. We will not recover indirect costs consisting of internal overtheyad costs as part of tthey transfer price. Research and development, and general administrative expenses for tthey first quarter were $4.2 million and $3.8 million, respectively. Ttheyse compare to $6.3 million of R&D and $4.5 million of G&A in tthey first quarter last year. Tthey decrease in G&A expenses was primarily due to reduction in personnel related expenses, predominantly as a result of tthey cost reduction plan implemented in March 2015. Tthey decrease in R&D expenses was primarily related to lower personnel-related expenses of $1.4 million due to tthey reclassification of production-related personnel expenses to cost of goods sold and a reduction in tthey theyadcount due to tthey March 2015 cost reduction plan. In addition, Zalviso-related R&D spending decreased by $700,000 due to tthey slowing of development activities. At March 31, 2016, AcelRx had cash, cash equivalents, and investments of $107.2 million as compared to $113.5 million at December 31, 2015. Tthey decrease of $6.3 million was primarily attributed to cash used in operating activities. On tthey Investor Relations front, plan, presentations, and participation in tthey upcoming meetings and conferences include Bio€quity Europe, in Copenhagen on May 11; Bank of America Merrill Lynch Healthcare Conference, in Las Vegas, on May 12; Jefferies Healthcare Conference in New York on June 9, and ROTH Healthcare Day, in London, on June 22. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Howie for some closing comments. Howie Rosen Thank you, Tim. We made significant progress in ARX-04 in tthey first quarter. Although our timelines for Zalviso are puttheyyd back, we anticipate that tthey decision to use commercial vendors for IAP312 will ultimately make tthey launch of Zalviso in tthey U.S smoottheyr. We believe tthey ARX-04 will be a simple product to explain to tthey medical community, so a potential launch atheyad of Zalviso could benefit both products. We appreciate your support and we will continue to update you as we progress ARX-04 and Zalviso through ttheyir clinical programs and prepare tthey regulatory submissions. Thank you for being on tthey call today. Operator, let’s open-up tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question we have comes from Randall Stanicky of RBC capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks guys. Any early feedback from tthey Grunenthal launch that you can share? And in conjunction with that any early observations from [indiscernible]? And ttheyn, secondly, understanding that we still don't have a lot of visibly around timing, what are tthey factors in determining tthey timing for tthey path forward for Zalviso? Thanks. Timothy Morris Sure, Randall. Hi, its Tim theyre on. Obviously, Grunenthal is very excited for tthey first launch. Ttheyy will kind of roll ttheir out in systematic nature across Germany. You can imagine that good relationships ttheyre, but I mean tthey early feedback has positive. But it's probably too early to tell obviously as it relates to ottheyr trends. So, overall, I think tthey first public programs have been going well and we will anticipate, hopefully anottheyr update as we’ve our second quarter call. From ARX standpoint actually that ttheyy’ve been relatively silent. We haven’t seen much -- I know wtheyre in commercial or and/or medical affairs. I don’t know, Pam, if you have any comments based on your attendance at medical meetings, but it’s been relatively silent. So it’s really hard to say much of anything on that product and how its doing and what tthey retro is back to Zalviso. And ttheyn, in terms of IAP312, we will let Howie comment on that. Howie Rosen Thanks for your question on that and really as we mentioned, it’s a matter of lining up tthey suppliers we’ve been using for commercial and getting tthey right software that we can use in tthey U.S., putting those controllers and working through tthey testing of those. And so, things are going along, we just want to make sure we’ve everything done and exactly wtheyre we’re before we give guidance on that. And again, part of what’s need is as I mentioned prior what makes us feel comfortable, ttheir is it. We were theyading down a path wtheyre we potentially are going to have Zalviso approval significantly before ARX-04 and as learn more about tthey marketplace as I mentioned, we feel like starting out with ARX-04 is tthey better place to go and so that makes [indiscernible] need us to be able to more comfortable without taking tthey time now to switch to tthey commercial vendors rattheyr than trying to do that post-approval. Randall Stanicky Got it. So just to be clear, just something consult ttheyse would be start moving forward in tthey back half or is it something we should think about as 2017 of that? Howie Rosen Going out ttheir point, so we will definitely give you guidance wtheyn we’re more comfortable. Randall Stanicky Got it. And ttheyn final one for Tim, can you just remind us -- you gave a $107 million in cash, can you just walk through tthey funding pathway, couple of cash burn and ttheyn also tthey opportunity to continue to license of tthey ARX-04, Zalviso to ottheyr regions and is that a source of capital raising for [indiscernible]? Thanks. Timothy Morris Sure. Randall, tthey guidance that we gave on tthey earlier call ttheir year, that so [indiscernible] and ttheir year with $70 million to $75 million, I can confirm that guidance. So, I think from a cash burn standpoint, I mean, we only use $6 million ttheir quarter. Obviously, that will ramp up a little bit as some of ttheyse ottheyr studies come in, but also offset by some of tthey monies we get from DoD. So, we still feel fairly comfortable with tthey cash balance ending ttheir year and tthey cash burn in ’17, while we haven’t given guidance on it shouldn’t change a whole lot from wtheyre we’re. Tthey one thing I will point you to is that we should begin principal payments of our debt facility under Hercules in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year, so that will take some cash as well. In terms of tthey ability to use our licensing business development activities to theylp fund, that clearly does exist. We do have discussions for both Zalviso and ARX-04 in ottheyr parts of tthey world, outside of tthey U.S. So, that will clearly offset and provide some potential non dilutive funding for our operations as we move forward. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks, guys. Timothy Morris Thank you, Randall. Operator Next we’ve Michael Higgins with ROTH Capital Partners. Michael Higgins Thanks. Hi, guys. How are you? Howie Rosen Good. Timothy Morris Good. Michael Higgins Just a couple of follow-ups, if I could from Europe, from Grunenthal, any theylp for us on tthey pricing, I think that tthey pricing from [indiscernible] Germany, would you able to provide that for us, as well as how it looks across Europe? Howie Rosen Yes, Michael. Tim theyre. We do believe that ttheyy’ve gotten tthey price that ttheyy were looking for from a public standpoint and I think on average ttheyy anticipate that being around €99 per patient across all tthey countries. Obviously, those are going to vary a little bit by country and that is for tthey drug ttheyy will also charge for tthey disposal pieces. And tthey controllers have a variety of different methods for ttheym to seek reimbursement for, but we feel relatively comfortable that at least from a publittheyyd pricing point that ttheyy’ve gotten tthey price that ttheyy were looking for. Michael Higgins Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn regarding Zalviso’s manufacturing in Europe, for 312, I understand ttheyre is a few steps along tthey way before you could provide some guidance on tthey 312. Is it possible -- is it reasonable to look to Q2 earnings call for some guidance as to for tthey next steps or wtheyn might you think we will have some guidance on Zalviso’s in [indiscernible] start? Howie Rosen So, good question. We hope that will have an update by tthey Q2 call. So, I mean, we definitely will update you on tthey Q2 call in terms of wtheyre we’re and I believe we’d have something more definite we could say by ttheyn. Michael Higgins Okay. And ttheyn, lastly on 04, you’ve been theylpful with -- in Analyst Day last fall, you’ve anottheyr Analyst Day in February, wtheyn tthey interim ER results came out. You might be seeing more of tthey same coming into ttheir fall as you continue to flush out tthey opportunity for 04? Howie Rosen Ttheyre tthey simple answer is yes, Michael in terms of timing. It’s hard to exactly predict, but in terms of tthey studies reading out probably sometime in tthey third quarter, I think that’s still appropriate. Although ttheyre is probably a little bit higtheyr production value out of ttheyse results and so to tthey extend we need to preserve tthey quality ttheyn for medical meetings, we will coordinate tthey timing of tthey release of tthey general public, keeping in mind some of tthey embargo concepts of tthey upcoming medical meetings. But, yes, we will as we get more information both on tthey clinical study and ttheir current ongoing study results, and also tthey commercial opportunities, we [indiscernible] more about that. So, I would envision that as some part we will have anottheyr more complete Analyst Day, but also will release topline results wtheyn appropriate in coordination with some of tthey medical meetings. Michael Higgins Okay, very good. I will jump back in. Thanks guys. Operator Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Ed Arce Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Howie Rosen No, problem. Ed Arce I just wanted to follow-up again on opportunity folding now theyre up [technical difficulty] pilot studies or tthey pilot programs underway in Germany. Wondering if you could theylp us in understanding what’s tthey likely half and prime line for rolling out product across Europe and across Five, what that look like? Howie Rosen Sure. Ttheyy definitely have plans to do tthey EU5 ttheir year. I think as we’ve mentioned before as a private family and German company, ttheyy don’t have tthey same pressures that as small publish biotech’s have in tthey state in terms of launch, in terms of reporting results. Ttheyy are very methodic about it. Ttheyy do have a pilot program in place wtheyre as ttheyy put tthey units in tthey hospital, ttheyy dose patients, ttheyy study, ttheyy make adjustments needed and ttheyn will multiply that out in a series of hospitals and institutions in a given country. And ttheyn at some point, ttheyy will go to kind of what we might consider a full launch status. Ttheyy do intend to do ttheir in a similar fashion across tthey EU five. I think ttheyy’re confirming tthey exact timeline of that. Ttheyy are little bit more sensitive about summers and holidays in tthey like ttheyre, but we do believe that ttheyir plans are still to roll it out through tthey EU5 to tthey rest of ttheir year. It will be a little bit challenging until we’re kind of up to full speed to report a lot of details around that ottheyr than just some incremental progress. Ttheyy do recognize tthey importance of us, discussing that progress and I think ttheyy will be cooperative and today ttheyy’ve been great partners and so we’re looking forward to more information as ttheyy continue to rollout across Germany, and tthey rest of tthey EU. Ed Arce Okay, great. Ttheyn, a couple of questions on tthey P&L, just to verify quarterly royalty report that you’re likely to get Grunenthal beginning in tthey third quarter, that will sort of [indiscernible] recognition event for you [technical difficulty] recognizing those royalties, and I just wanted to understand how tthey mechanics of that flow-through? And also to determine transfer price for -- with a [technical difficulty] that again? Howie Rosen Sure. So two things, I think on tthey quarterly royalty reports, ttheyy will come to us essentially and we will report one quarter [indiscernible]. And so, as I mentioned, well obviously in tthey first quarter ttheyre were no royalties due. In tthey second quarter ttheyre will be -- we will receive that report in tthey third quarter and so in tthey third quarter we will report tthey Q2 royalties. And we will continue along that path, until we’ve a better theirtory and are able to better predict tthey royalty. So, tthey way to think about it is essentially tthey royalty reports and tthey royalty revenue recognition will happen one quarter [indiscernible]. As it relates to your question on transfer price, as part of our agreements with Grunenthal we do have fixed transfer prices for all of tthey Zalviso components including tthey disposable drug product and tthey controller is essentially tthey reusable. Those essentially equal our cost to manufacture, but does not include any of our internal costs or theirtorically known as period cost in that enterprise. So, what you will see from a cost of goods sold standpoint is tthey actual costs of tthey direct material per se from our contract manufacturers. Ed Arce Okay, great. Thanks again. Howie Rosen Sure. Thank you, Ed. Operator And next we’ve Hugo Ong of Jefferies. Hugo Ong Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Most of my questions have been answered already. So, let me just ask a couple. One is on SAP302, you mentioned that you’re enrolling up to an additional 60 patients which will be on top of tthey 40 patients that you had data for at interim. Has ttheyre been small change ttheyre, [indiscernible] impression that tthey total enrollment would be 120 patients. Pam Palmer Yes. Hi. It’s Pam. We, say 120 just because we’re running SAP302 and SAP303 concurrently. And so, we’ve to in tthey protocol have a bit of a fudge factor in case one of tthey studies ends up enrolling a little bit faster. We need to collect 160 patients between tthey two studies and so that was just an upper limit. But its looking like we’re probably going to have more of tthey numbers we just reported now, which is 60 additional in tthey ER, and a $100 in tthey SAP302 study -- 303 study, sorry. Hugo Ong Okay, got it. And are you guys still active in trying to license ARX-04 in Europe? And do you think Grunenthal would be interested? Howie Rosen Yes, we’re active for ARX-04 in Europe. It’s hard to comment as to tthey interest level of Grunenthal, but obviously ttheyy’ve a lot of experience with sublingual sufentanil also. Clearly, ttheyy could or should be at some point, but for right now obviously we will focus on all tthey potential partners out ttheyre. We think it is a big opportunity in Europe and as we progress with ttheyse studies theyre in tthey States, we’ve also had some additional theylp authority meetings in Europe and gotten some feedback ttheyre, and we also try to refine that opportunity. It looks very promising. So we’re continuing to work on that and that’s clearly one of our objectives for ttheir year. Hugo Ong Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Howie Rosen Thanks, Hugo. Operator Well at ttheir time, we’ve no furttheyr questions. We will go atheyad and conclude today’s presentation. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Management for any closing remarks.  Howie Rosen Thanks, Mike. And I’d like to thank everyone again for participating at our first quarter call. We look forward to seeing you at investor events over tthey next few months and keeping your praise of our progress. Thanks again. Operator And we thank you sir and to tthey rest of management team for your time also today. Tthey conference call is now concluded. At ttheir time, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. Take care and have a great day everyone.