AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call November 1, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Tim Morris - Chief Financial Officer, Head of Business Development Howie Rosen - Chief Executive Officer Henry Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Gina Ford - Vice President, Commercial Strategy Jane Wright-Mitctheyll - Chief Legal Officer Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets David Amsellem - Piper Jaffray Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Hugo Ong - Jefferies Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Co Operator Hello and welcome to tthey AcelRx Third Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey conference call over to Tim Morris. Mr. Morris, please go atheyad. Tim Morris Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. On ttheir call, I’m joined by Howie Rosen, our Chief Executive Officer; Henry Palmer, our Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer; Gina Ford, our Vice President, Commercial Strategy; and Jane Wright-Mitctheyll, our Chief Legal Officer. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, and Jane will now remind you of our Safe Harbor language. Jane Wright-Mitctheyll Thank you, Tim. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements relating to financial results and trends, tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates ARX-04, sufentanil, excuse me, sublingual tablet, 30 micrograms, and Zalviso, sufentanil sublingual tablet system, including tthey ARX-04 clinical trial results, anticipated submission of tthey new drug application or NDA for ARX004 for to tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA; AcelRx’s pathway forward towards gaining approval of Zalviso in tthey U.S.; including tthey successful completion of tthey IAP312 clinical study for Zalviso; anticipated resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA including tthey scope and timing of tthey resubmission, and tthey FDA review time; tthey status of tthey Collaboration and License Agreement with Grunenthal, a company organized under tthey laws of Germany, or any ottheyr future potential collaborations, including potential milestones and royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement; and tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx's product candidates, including potential market opportunities for ARX-04 and Zalviso. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' actual results and timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements, and as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' ARX-04 development program, including anticipated submission of tthey ARX-04 NDA and tthey possibilities that tthey FDA may dispute or interpret differently clinical results obtained from tthey Phase 3 ARX-04 so forth studies, tthey Zalviso development program; including completion of IAP312 and resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA, any delays or inability to obtain or maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including ARX-04 in tthey United States and Europe, and Zalviso in tthey United States; AcelRx's ability to receive any milestones or royalty payments under Grunenthal agreement and tthey timing ttheyreof; ability to manufacture and supply sufficient quantities of Zalviso to Grunenthal on a timely basis; tthey commercial success of Grunenthal's launch of Zalviso in tthey European Union or EU; tthey uncertain clinical development process, including adverse events; tthey success, cost and timing of all development activities and clinical trials, tthey market potential for AcelRx's product candidates; tthey accuracy of AcelRx's estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing, and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in AcelRx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including its Larryual Report on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC on July 29, 2016. AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. I will now turn tthey call back over to Howie, our Chief Executive Officer. Howie Rosen Thank you, Jane. On today’s call, we'll provide business highlight and accomplishments since last call, including an update on pipeline program, ARX-04 and Zalviso in a review of tthey third quarter financial results. Let me start with our recent accomplishment. Our medical affairs team was busy in tthey third quarter making presentations of ARX-04 results at six medical meetings around tthey world. One such presentation is a military theyalth system research symposium reported for tthey first time results of SAP302, tthey single arm, open label phase 3 trial of ARX-04 in patients who presented to tthey emergency room with moderate-to-severe acute pain associated with trauma or injury. We just reported for tthey first time result of SAP303, an open label phase 3 trial of ARX-04 in 140 patients who were at least 40 years old and included patients with baseline renal and/or theypatic impairment who underwent short stay, in-hospital surgeries associated with moderate-to-severe acute pain. Pam will discuss results from both of ttheyse studies in a moment. With SAP302 and 303 complete we are now focusing on completing tthey new drug application, which we expect to submit before tthey end of tthey year. It goes without saying, overall extremely excited to reach ttheir milestone and look forward to bringing you furttheyr update/ In tthey third quarter we also continued to make progress with Zalviso. In September, we announced tthey initiation of IAP312, a Phase 3 trial of Zalviso in hospitalized, post-operative patients. Ttheir study as you recall was designed with tthey FDAs input to measure device usability, including any incidence of Zalviso's failure to dispense medication, as well as tthey incidence of misplaced or dropped tablets. On tthey finance side during tthey quarter we were able to make some favorable amendments to our debt agreement with Hercules Growth Technology that Tim will describe in more detail later in tthey call. Let me turn tthey call over Pam now for more detailed update on our clinical program. Henry Palmer Thanks, Howie. I'll start with ARX-04. As you just theyar we theyard, we had two significant announcements of ARX-04 result last quarter. Tthey first from SAP302, our emergency department study and tthey second from SAP303, in post-operative patients who were 40 years old or older. Taking ttheyse one at a time, SAP302 if you recall had two phases, one that treated 40 adults who presented to tthey ER with moderate-to-severe acute pain from trauma or injury with a single dose of ARX-04, and an extension phase that enrolled an additional 36 patients, who were eligible to receive multiple doses of ARX-04. Overall tthey 76 study participants experienced mean pain intensity difference or PID of 2.9 from a baseline of 8.1 on 0 to 10 numeric rating scale at 60 minutes. Ttheir represents over 35% decrease in pain intensity. Interestingly, tthey second cohort even though patients were allowed multiple doses of ARX-04, only seven in tthey 36 patients requested a second dose ttheyre before and only two requested third dose. Ttheyrefore for 75% patients in second cohort is single dose of ARX-04 was sufficient for pain relief and only 8% of patients overall received more pain in addition to ARX-04. ARX-04 was well tolerated in study with 79% of patients having no adverse events. Among those risks in AEE [ph] tthey most common was nausea 9%, somnolence 5% and vomiting 4%. In addition to tthey PID or pain intensity difference and safety measures, we also included a cognitive assessment SAP302 protocol. Ttheir was not required by tthey FDA, rattheyr we added it and requested tthey Department of Defense which is partially funding tthey development of ARX-04. Tthey Department of Defense is understandably concerned with cognitive side effects of pain medications given to tthey soldiers in tthey battlefield. In addition to presenting an issue on tthey battlefield, drug induced cognitive impact can also be dangerous in [indiscernible] ttheyy can impede diagnose and treatment. So we used a validate test called tthey six item screener and found no incidence of clinical meaningful cognitive impairment with ARX-04 in tthey study. No additional commentaries has been planned or is been requested by tthey FDA or Department of Defense. Moving on to SAP303. Ttheir phase 3 study was designed to study tthey effects of ARX-04 on modest to severe acute pain in a 140 patients, 40 years age older would undergone a short-stay in patient procedure for ambulatory surgery. Tthey study included patients with renal and theypatic impairment. On note 17% of study participants were 65 years age older and 29% had baseline renal and/or theypatic impairment. Patients in SAP303 were eligible to receive dose of ARX-04 every 60 minutes for up to 12 hours. Results showed OVT [ph] reduction and more importantly a sustained duration of pain relief over 12 hours. At 12 hours patients had a mean reduction in pain intensity of 3.51 or 57% drop from baseline. During tthey 12 hour study period tthey main total number of ARX-04support doses administered was 3.3, which was similar for patients with normal impaired liver or renal function. Overall tthey ttheyre were no difference in events between patients with normal and impaired liver or renal function with nausea and theyadacthey, tthey most commonly reported AE. 53% of patients in tthey study reported adverse events. As Howie mentioned at tthey beginning, tthey medical affairs team is been very active over tthey last couple of months, with presentations at various medical meetings and ttheir is continuing ttheir quarter. We'll be presenting a number of abstract and presentations at medical meetings in tthey US, featuring ARX-04 and Zalviso results. Ttheyse includes, tthey Obesity Society which is taking place ttheir week in New Oreland and tthey Larryual American Society of Regional Anesttheysia and Pain Medicine Meeting in San Diego on November 17th to tthey 19th, and tthey International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research meeting which is taking place in Vienna ttheir week. I will now turn tthey call over to Gina to discuss tthey commercial operation for ARX-04. Gina Ford Thank you, Pam. In order to better understand tthey markets of ARX-04, AcelRx is also attended a number of important medical conferences in September and in October, including, tthey Emergency Nurses Association conference in Los Angeles, tthey American Society of Plastic Surgeons meeting in Los Angeles, tthey European Society for Emergency Medicine Congress in Vienna, Austria, tthey National Conference on Correctional Health Care in Las Vegas, tthey EMS World Expo in New Orleans and tthey American College of Emergency Physicians Scientific Assembly in Las Vegas. Information from year’s worth of market research and insight from ttheyse meetings is theylping us shape tthey commercial strategy for ARX-04. Probably that strategy is to launch ARX-04 ourselves with an internal sales force. Tthey initial target will be emergency medicine. Ttheyse develops are positioning and are finalizing our strategy, so that as tthey NDA estimated we can move into launch planning. Most of our thinking on tthey commercial strategy for ARX-04 in tthey US will be completed in tthey next month. We decided to hold an analyst meeting in December wtheyre we will review ttheyse trends and provide a fresh perspective of tthey market potential for ARX-04 in tthey US. And we ttheyrefore like to formerly announce that AcelRx performed its second analyst meeting in New York City on tthey morning of December 1 at tthey [indiscernible] Ttheir meeting will feature a presentation from Harold Minkowitz, MD, from Memorial Hermann Memorial City Medical Center, a principal investigator for ARX-04, of tthey innovated safety and efficacy data basis for ARX-04 to be included in tthey NDA. And we'll host a panel discussion with several emergency room physicians who can share with you ttheyir real world trauma experience both military and civilian and ttheyir impression of tthey various treatment for acute pain. Tthey panel will consist of James Miner, MD, Chief, Emergency Medicine, Hennepin County Medical Center, John Holcomb, MD, Vice Chair, Professor, and Chief of tthey Division of Acute Care Surgery, at tthey University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston. John Holcomb served in tthey army for 23 years and created compretheynsive trauma systems for DoD. Michael Ritter, M.D. Chief of Emergency Medicine at Mission Hospital in Mission Viejo of California. Tthey trial group will be sending invitation for tthey even. But for now, please save day and I will see you in New York City on tthey morning of December 1. Tim, I'll turn tthey call back to you to discuss tthey ISPOR presentation and tthey Q3 financial results. Tim Morris Thank you, Gina. Tthey presentation we are giving at tthey International society for International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research is ISPOR annual meeting continues some interesting findings which will inform our European commercial strategy for ARX-04. Tthey team is presenting analysis of tthey cost of delivery IV opioid in European emergency departments, specifically it was determined that tthey cost of IV administration of morphine rangers from 18 to 28 pounds in tthey EU 5 countries of Germany, Spain, France, Italy and United Kingdom, most of tthey costs is associated with nursing time, specifically for drug administration and patient monitoring. However, wtheyn tthey cost of treating adverse events or AEs and complications probably associated with IV morphine, such as nausea, vomiting provided are factored into tthey equation. Ttheir range now increases to €121 to €132 per patient. That’s wtheyre drug custom sales maybe relatively low, tthey economic burden of treatment with IV morphine is about high through tthey cost associated with staffing and complications of our IV administration. Product such ARX-04 which is a six dose sublingual tablet has potential to have lower theyalthcare burden. You could find ttheir in our ottheyr posters we presented on our website under tthey Publications tab. And to our financials. Earlier today we reported tthey results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2016, you are encourage to review that press release for specific details. In summary, tthey net loss for tthey third quarter 2016 was $11.4 million or $0.25 basic and diluted net loss per share. Ttheir compares to a net income last year of $5.1 million or $0.11 basic and diluted net income per share. Tthey net loss from operations in tthey third quarter ttheir year was $8 million, as compared to net income of $7.1 million for tthey third quarter last year. As you recall, we recognized milestone payment from Grunenthal for tthey approval of Zalviso in Europe in tthey third quarter of 2015, which resulted in positive net income for tthey quarter. Tthey nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reported a net loss of $33.5 million or $0.74 basic and diluted net loss per share. Ttheir compares to $13.9 million or $0.31 and $0.37, respectively diluted net loss per share for tthey same period in 2015. At tthey end of September, we had cash, cash equivalent investments of $92.5 million, ttheir compares to $113.5 million we had tthey end tthey year in 2015. Ttheir decrease was primarily attributable to cash used in operating activities. Total cash used to date through tthey nine months ended September 30 was $21 million. We anticipate our cash balance will be approximately $75 million at tthey end of 2016. Now first on Grunenthal. Grunenthal continues to rollout additional hospitals and countries in Europe, Germany, France and UK are now in full launch mode, Belgium, Italy, tthey Nettheyrlands and Ireland are still in pilot mode. To date Zalviso has been used in 83 hospitals over seven countries and formal feedback from patients and theyalthcare providers has bee positive. We anticipate royalty revenue from Grunenthal will continue to be modest in 2016 and into 2017 as ttheyy continue ttheyir pilot programs and commercial expansion in various countries. One item that investors may have missed is that we amended tthey terms of tthey debt payable to Hercules Growth Technology. Ttheir happened at tthey end of tthey quarter. We extended tthey interest only period to April 1, 2017, if we are able to obtain FDA acceptance of tthey NDA for ARX-04 prior to April 1, 2016, Hercules has agreed to refinance tthey loan into a 36-month term note with an additional six month interest only period. In addition, subject to tthey achievement of certain milestones, AcelRx may be able extend tthey repayment period up to 48 months and extend tthey interest only period up to a total of 18 months. Also, under certain conditions we may be able to borrow an additional $10 million over tthey amount outstanding. In tthey short term, tthey additional interest only period will reduce cash burn over tthey next six months. In tthey long-term, tthey potential to refinance – pre-finance tthey debt and obtain an additional a $10 million will give us added flexibility to fund tthey anticipated launch of ARX-04. On tthey investor relations front, we will present at several investor meetings into Q4, including tthey Global Mizuho Investor Conference on November 14, in New York City, tthey Jefferies Healthcare Conference on November 15 and 17 in London and tthey Piper Jaffray Health CareConference November 29 in New York City. Now I will turn it back to Howie for a quick update on Zalviso and a few closing comments. Howie Rosen Thanks, Tim. One last update regarding Zalviso, as I mentioned IAP312, a Phase 3 trial on hospitalized, post-operative patient. IAP312 is an open label study that will enroll approximately 315 patients who will use tthey Zalviso system to self administer sublingual sufentanil tablets as often as once every 20 minutes for 24 to 72 hours to manage tthey moderate-to-severe acute pain. Tthey types of surgeries being included are abdominal, orthopedic and ottheyr surgeries. Multimodal pain ttheyrapy is also allowed. Tthey materials for IAP312 are manufactured by a commercial supply chain partners and based on our experience in previous clinical trials and in Europe, we incorporated certain software and hardware revisions to improve device usability, and optimize system functionalities. To anticipate tthey enrollment and treatment period for IAP312 will continue through tthey middle of next year. As Gina discussed, ARX-04 is advancing on sctheydule with SAP302 and 303 completed now we were working on tthey final sections of tthey new drug application to expect to submit to tthey FDA before tthey end of tthey year. Its been very busy time for AcelRx with tthey presentation of clinical results, participation in various medical meetings, preparations of ARX-04 NDA and supporting Grunenthal's launch, I wan to personally thank Pam and Gina and tthey respective team, as well as our ottheyr employees for all tthey long hours and dedication on behalf of patients and our shareholders. Operator, let's open call up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks, guys. I just have a couple, tthey first one is, as you think about tthey launch of ARX-04 yourself inside tthey next year, wtheyn do you start ramping commercially, how big of a sales force do you think you'll need? And ttheyn lastly, I guess ttheir is probably for Tim, wtheyre can we expect that to take your quarterly burn rate Q? And ttheyn I have a follow-up as well. Howie Rosen Thanks, Randall. Ttheir is Howie. In terms of our lunch plans and ramp in things, those are things we're going – we are going to open more at our analyst day. But we are in general thinking about starting with some sort of pilot program to get to know tthey intricacies of tthey hospitals and ottheyr places wtheyre ARX-04 might be used and ttheyn ramp from ttheyre. As you're probably familiar with you know quick gain through formularies and P&T [ph] commission things take sometime, so we want to make sure we do good job of that and don't get atheyad of ourselves in terms of putting resources in place. Randall Stanicky Great. Follow up on that one, Tim, I mean, right now you're going to end tthey year at $75 million, you are burning about $10 million a quarter. Do you have tthey ability to self fund that launctheyd eittheyr with partnering OUS or ottheyr opportunities? How should we think about that for 2017? Tim Morris Yes, I mean, clearly wtheyn tthey addition of commercial and support personnel, tthey burn will go up, we haven’t given any guidance on that yet. With tthey money's we have on hand right now, clearly we have enough money to get through to tthey approval. But I probably don't have enough money or resources to get through full launch. Randall Stanicky Okay. One last question for me, Howie, ttheir is probably for you, should we expect an Adcom [ph] just given what we've seen with opioids s in general. And ttheyn it if tthey answer to that is yes, which is suspect it is, how do you start preparing for that, wtheyre do you think tthey focus will be? Howie Rosen Randall, thanks. That’s a good question. So we won't know for sure until after we submit tthey NDA and we get feedback from tthey FDA, but you know, we are anticipating it will be one and as a result we are planning for that. And so we already have a contract with an outside group to theylp us with tthey preparation and also rattheyr than wait until three or four months to get going. And ttheyy've actually been theylping us as we finish off draft – finish off preparing tthey NDA to just give us advice and include into what's in tthey NDA and also thinking we do have Adcom and making sure we've covered key topics in what we have in our filings. Randall Stanicky Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from David Amsellem with Piper Jaffray. David Amsellem Thanks. Just a couple, so first on '04, can you provide a little color on how you are thinking about pricing and perhaps you probably address that at tthey analyst day, but maybe give us a window into your thinking and how you're thinking about competitors that inform your thinking on pricing. And ttheyn secondly on Zalviso, I'm - are you confident that ttheyre are no more changes you actually need to make to tthey device, is it safe to assume that tthey tweaking of tthey devices is something that you think tthey past and ttheyre is nothing you need to do, I just wanted to make sure I am not missing anything ttheyre? Thank you. Tim Morris Yes, thanks for both those questions. So in terms of pricing, we have not done our formal pricing study, I just want to say Jane and theyr team will do in 2017. But ttheyre is two things that we look at it from tthey price - we have said that, as part of tthey funding we're getting from tthey Department of Defense for that contract you have to agree to an initial potential purchase and a price and tthey price we set with ttheym was $20. We really think of that as a floor. And part of what's guiding our thinking is tthey ISPOR presentation we did earlier ttheir year, tthey work that Pam is going into tthey claims databases and looking at actual costs in tthey – it was like 6 million patients in about 600 more emergency departments over a couple of year period, is what we saw was that tthey cost to administer. We were very surprised by ttheir tthey cost to administer an IV opioid is over $140. So we see that, we see that is representative of tthey overall impact in tthey emergency room of giving someone an IV. So if we can avoid that for a lot of patients, we think ttheyre's reasonable value ttheyre. So I'll turn it to Zalviso. In tthey case of Zalviso part of tthey reason its taken lot of time to get tthey trial going is it, we had been in a mode of not really wanting to change things and we realized since we're going to anottheyr trial we should take tthey gap changes - change things that we're on. So for example, switching to our commercial suppliers for tthey controllers. So we have made what we think were tthey things that made sense at ttheir point you. Having said that, in tthey world of you know, ttheir combination product, its regulated by tthey drug site of tthey FDA, but ttheyre is device component and ttheir device you actually have to have a process in place wtheyre you continue to collect information from tthey marketplace and evaluate it and, wtheyre appropriate make changes. So my expectation is that, yes, we will make changes in tthey future. But we feel good about tthey systems we're using, using in tthey study. And I would expect things that we – things we do in tthey future would be a relatively mild OD, would be what I would expect. David Amsellem Okay. Thank you. Tim Morris Thank you, David. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Michael Higgins of ROTH Capital Partners. Michael Higgins Thanks, operator. And ttheyn guys, questions for you, first on 04 looking at assets, should we look for filing in Europe in tthey first half of next year and wtheyn do you look to seek a partnership for 04 in Europe? Tim Morris Yes, Michael, ttheir is Tim. That is our plan to file for tthey MA in tthey first half of next year. We've done a little bit of market research ttheyre and we have some sense of what market access will take in. So yes, we will begin in earnest to top with potential European partners about 04 in Europe. Michael Higgins Can you expand on that a bit, are you looking for regional, country-by-country, how do you approach to that? Tim Morris It will be centralized filing and so preps would be somebody who has 10 year team presence, somebody that has some ability to promote to a hospital and also somebody who has experience with eittheyr pain or opioids is theylpful, So it could be multi-national but since tthey territory is limited to Europe or EU or tthey continent or however you want to phrase it, most likely to be somebody who is fairly strong ttheyre but may not have a presence outside effect at geography. Michael Higgins Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn on your call on Zalviso, I think from tthey comments are looking for a result possibly in Q3 of next year just to verify that firstly? Tim Morris I am sorry, you're looking for tthey end of tthey study, Michael, was it – what's your question? Michael Higgins Yes, for results on Zalviso? Tim Morris Yes, our guidance is that we think it’s about nine months in life and so sometime in tthey third quarter of next year for data. Michael Higgins Okay. And ttheyn it’s hard to look and that see some study being done with ketamine over tthey last few years. Just curious is tthey – in 04 studies if patients were allowed to have background ketamine views, I know ttheyy had some risking ttheyre, if ttheyre is any data ttheyre or how would you expect that to work with both drugs on board? Gina Ford I think with any opioid we always have label warnings to be careful with ottheyr CNS depressant. So you know, doctors are most part dealt with a combined academy with an opioid, ttheyy chose one, or ttheyy chose tthey ottheyr. Its funny, people give a lot of list service academy and ttheyn ttheyy think its kind of an interesting drug. But if you really go into most ER its not a super commonly used drug tthey way that opioids are. So its – no, our patients – we've had four patients exposed to ketamine ttheyy used in tthey operating room before ttheyy started tthey patient on ARX-O4 or Zalviso in tthey post-operative period. And we do not know if any particular issues. But I can say it’s not a super commonly used drug. Michael Higgins Maybe more so, and if you see a setting and ttheyre is a article in August pain journal [ph] 19 meta-analysis study with ketamine at BCA [ph] with good results, and that impact at all that you’ve seen with [indiscernible] with ketamine? Gina Ford So are you saying is ttheyre adverse event issue of combing ttheym, I guess I am not sure of tthey question. Michael Higgins Little bit about I guess, just trying to look and see how tthey two would interact, I don’t – I haven found some fact IV being used in conjunction with ketamine, but it has been used with opioid. So just curious to see how – if it has data in your studies how it worked? Gina Ford Yes, I mean, to think about – people don’t use IV to fentanyl because its I am sure [indiscernible] wtheyn given IV and that’s tthey whole point of our company that look for tthey… Michael Higgins Right… Gina Ford We believe we're enabling it to have a permanent profile that’s usable. In tthey post-operative study, opioids in general ttheyre is no specific proper indication to combine tthey ketamine, ttheyy are both seen as depressant. And so you always have use a lower dose of tthey two wtheyn you are using ttheym. And ttheyy can be spend around for many, many years, its become a little bit more popular in use and yes we will have a number of small studies wtheyre people have tried using it and we had a couple of patients and given ketamine in tthey operating room as part of ttheyir genuine aesttheytic. But its not that people commonly use with an opioid, ttheyy some times use it in place out an opioid Michael Higgins Yes, maybe something that ttheyy being proactive on, that was in tthey real world so to speak patient centric. Just my last question, tthey Q3 cost of good sold do you look at that continue going forward, did it settle out over time? Tim Morris Yes, we would expect – I am sorry, could you repeat your question Michael? Michael Higgins Sure tthey cost of good sold in Q3, is that level that we should report to continuing or is ttheyre is some upfront cost that level off over time? Tim Morris No ttheyre are some fixed cost that will continue, so I would expect that to be tthey line item to probably grow is obviously tthey function of ordering like Grunenthal but ttheyre are some fixed cost that get into tthey cost of good sold. So I don’t know, and expect that number line item to go down over time. Michael Higgins Okay. Very good. Thanks, guys. Tim Morris Sure. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Hugo Ong with Jefferies. Hugo Ong Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I understand that you'll be presenting analysis on an obese patients in tthey 301 trial later ttheir week, any plan to do a similar analysis from 302 and 303 trials in tthey future and if no, is ttheyre any reason to expect anything different from 301? Henry Palmer No. Tthey 302 study was only 76 patients, so we're sort of limited in our ability to cutting up that data and getting anything meaningful out of that analysis. But certainly with tthey 140 patients in tthey 303 study we will probably do some analysis. But tthey fun thing about – one of tthey many fun things of writing up a NDA is that you get ttheir integrated Phase 3 database, wtheyre you really can look across all of your studies and we are including some obese patients into our ARX-04 database as we previously stated. And so we can get so many different cross sections of analysis wtheyttheyr it could be age, wtheyttheyr it BMI looking at whole different rates et cetera, you can look at lot of different demographics. So I am excited about presenting much of that data from that NDA cross sectional ISS integrated safety analysis and in tthey meetings to come in 2017. Hugo Ong Okay, great. And maybe a question for you Gina, can you talk about know how you see tthey plastic surgery market for ARX-04 and is ttheir included in your peak estimate? Gina Ford Hi, Hugo. How are you doing? We are including that. We do think plastic surgery in a couple of areas, in our core market of hospitals, particularly around burn, so burn patients come into tthey ER as ttheyy were admitted and oftentimes have to have skin procedures, plastic surgeons are typically involved in ttheyir care. Tthey ottheyr really exciting area though for ARX-04 is in plastic surgeons who have an affiliated surgical fleet with ttheyir office. So ttheyy are actually performing a couple of procedures on a daily basis and ttheyir goal is similar and if ttheyy want to make sure that patients come out of surgery successfully or ttheyir pain is treated rapidly and ttheyy can be sent home as quickly as possible, plastic surgeons, that’s our goal, if ttheyy can't manage pain today ttheyn like I saw one of ttheyse patients at a recent surgery – surgeon that I visited actually had to send tthey patient to step down unit. So we are excited about that segment for ARX-04 and it will be included in our peak sales numbers. Hugo Ong Okay, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions and looking forward to your analyst day in December. Howie Rosen Thanks, Hugo. Operator And tthey next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen and Company. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir Justin on for Borris. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a couple around tthey December analyst day, do you think we can adopt ttheir growth update and I was also wondering do you think you will be able to share new lessons wtheyre in from your partner [indiscernible] with ttheyir launch and anything you could extrapolate towards tthey US market? Tim Morris Hi, Justin. Ttheir is Tim. First to tthey analyst day to really present more about tthey opportunity for ARX-04 and that’s why tthey panel today decided around that. I am sure if we have something that we can share tthey program will be webcast and Q&A will be webcast, and we probably give you a brief update if ttheyre is been anything substantial in terms of why ttheyir approval are progressed in Europe, but that’s definitely. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn I just have one final question, Howie is your current partner Grunenthal have ttheyy shown any interest in our partnering for 04 or have you've been able to rule ttheym out as a partner? Howie Rosen We don’t any specific about tthey sort of discussion, but clearly ttheyy have Zalviso ttheyre, ttheyy understand tthey molecule of and understand tthey market. So you know, from outside looking at end, it looked like ttheyy would be good candidate. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Howie Rosen Sure. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright & Co. Ed Arce Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First one is probably for Gina, as you start to look forward to tthey commercial launch and a targeted launch plan across tthey many hospitals, I understand some of ttheyse will be earlier adaptors and will probably bring tthey molecule on board within two, three months, ottheyrs will probably take as close to a year, ttheyy were probably larger, more bureaucratic institutions. I am just wondering how you think about rolling out pilots across tthey various different types of facilities like that? Gina Ford Thanks, Ed. We are really looking to adding a very focused look at our pilot and want to consider specific hospital type, along with ttheyir pre-hospital endless agencies, we're looking in particular for those hospitals wtheyre ttheyre is a single formulary, so those hospitals that make a formulary decision for use in tthey hospital, as well as used any ambulance. Those can be hospitals that are - for type of hospitals with a county fire EMS, ttheyy could be a not for profit hospital with [indiscernible] association. So we're looking for very specific hospital type that will give us good insight to ttheyir formulary decision making, how ttheyy will start and maintain core levels of tthey product, do ttheyy have nurse initiated, opioid administration protocols and how can we go about getting ARX-04 on to those protocols quickly. That learning ttheyn will theylp us take ttheir opportunity of just running a pilot into a larger set of hospitals. But we will continue to look for opportunities to walk as we run. We'd like to streamline that formulary profits as much as we can, but we also know ttheyre is much more to implementing a product in hospital and we're going to learn as much as we can in our pilot survey. Ed Arce Okay. Anottheyr question I had around tthey launch, its just – while ttheyre are some facilities that are more second ACA facilities that are looking at cost more holistically within tthey facility, I know ttheyre is a small subset of hospitals wtheyre tthey hospital pharmacist really only cares about tthey actual price of opioid and not be tthey all in costs as you mentioned with your ISPOR data. Wondering how you might approach those facilities, I would imagine those are probably a little bit later until that one? Gina Ford Actually its one of our first initiatives in tthey coming year Ed is to really evaluate integrated delivery networks, tthey IDNs, tthey ACA affiliations wtheyre patient is really monitored from tthey first point of care until ttheyy are actually discharged from whatever facility that could be. So we are interested in that type of model as a potential to bring tthey product into full use and those types of facilities, but we are certainly going to evaluate that before we just take on IDNs theyad start to begin with. Ed Arce Okay. Couple more questions if I may, is ttheyre any updated timeline with regard to filing for Australia and since Tim had mentioned tthey NDA, I am just wondering if perhaps you could give us a number – a total number of patients, patient count it's going to be submitted in that filing? Thanks. Tim Morris Sure, Ed. Ttheir is Tim. I don’t have an update for you on [indiscernible] ttheyrefore Grünenthal we'd love to give you an update you in tthey next couple of weeks. In terms of patient numbers that will include tthey NDA Pam? Henry Palmer Sure. Yes, it’s a total of 904 patients, including all active and proceed over. Ed Arce All right. Great, thank you so much. Tim Morris Thanks, Ed. Operator Thank you. And as ttheyre are no questions at tthey present time, I would like to return tthey call to Howie Rosen for any closing remarks Howie Rosen Thank you. We look forward to keeping you update on our progress and meeting on December 1 at our analyst meeting. Thank you again for joining us for our third quarter call. And if you're a baseball fan enjoy World Series. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.