AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 15, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Steve Yun - Physician Expert in Oral & Dental Anesttheysiology Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Evan Seigerman - Credit Suisse Edward Marks - Ladenburg Thalmann Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investor Relations section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad.  Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we announced our previously released fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today is Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Unfortunately, Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer, is unable to join us today due to a family emergency. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. Let's get started, as we have a long call today. Like most companies during ttheir pandemic, we have adapted and found ways to continue advancing tthey long-term value of AcelRx and commercial launch of DSUVIA despite tthey obvious challenges with access to hospitals, physicians and decision makers. As a result, we successfully achieved many of tthey objectives set out at tthey beginning of 2020 and believe that in tthey post-COVID environment DSUVIA is well positioned for success due to tthey need for efficiencies at ASCs and hospitals, tthey progress of our partnerships and tthey readout of additional clinical data through tthey course of 2021. We've learned from tthey real-world use of DSUVIA that in addition to DSUVIA being an effective and well-tolerated analgesic to manage acute pain, DSUVIA also supports opioid stewardship and that it reduced overall perioperative opioid requirements in patients from two separate peer-reviewed publittheyyd studies. Importantly, ttheyse studies showed data that supported for tthey first time economic benefits to hospitals and surgery centers, which is resonating with physicians as well as hospital administrators. Later, I will discuss tthey importance of ttheir data and our continued focus on supporting investigator-initiated studies, wtheyre we see significant potential for DSUVIA to theylp new patient populations. I will also update you on tthey progress in each of our four pillars providing a foundation for revenue growth. In addition, we have a special guest with us today who is one of our physician experts in oral and dental anesttheysiology Dr. Steve Yun. Zimmer Biomet is gearing up for its formal launch of DSUVIA into tthey oral and dental surgery space and we thought it would be theylpful for our investors to theyar about Dr. Yun's experiences with DSUVIA. Pam will provide a furttheyr introduction to Dr. Yun later in tthey call. Tthey pandemic has many -- has had many unanticipated effects on tthey world and impacted each of us in different ways. With regards to AcelRx, tthey three main impacts we have experienced are: one, cancellation or delays of formulary committee meetings; two, restrictions on pharmaceutical representatives or any outside visitors entering tthey institutions to educate theyalthcare providers; and three, delays of elective surgeries. With regards to tthey last point, tthey elective surgery backlog has grown significantly over tthey last year. Tthey May 2020 study of orthopedic surgery volumes by tthey Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery suggested that, even under tthey most optimistic scenario, tthey United States may face a cumulative backlog of more than 1 million total joint and spine surgery cases. With tthey rollout of vaccines, many industry insiders believe ttheyse elective surgeries will start ramping in tthey second-half of 2021. We believe ttheir expected return of surgeries provides an opportunity, as tthey surgical environment has been tthey initial primary use for DSUVIA. I'll provide an update on some 2021 guidance that includes ttheir growth expectation and tthey number of expected formulary approvals by tthey end of tthey year. Before looking forward, let's review tthey progress made and objectives achieved in 2020 in each of our four pillars. Tthey first pillar is centered on tthey Department of Defense. We made significant progress in 2020 with Milestone C approval received in April, joint deployment formulary approval received in September and finally, a four-year $3.6 million contract received from tthey U.S. Army to develop clinical practice guidelines. In addition, we continue to penetrate tthey military treatment facilities or hospitals based theyre in tthey U.S., as tthey benefits of DSUVIA across tthey military are being better understood. As a reminder, tthey Milestone C approval means DSUVIA will be packed out in tthey U.S. Army SKOs or sets, kits and outfits for all deploying troops. We continue working with tthey Army on all tthey complex logistics and administrative matters to improve ttheir process, which has taken time. Regardless, once tthey logistics are finalized, we still believe that tthey initial stocking for all SKOs will approximate $30 million in revenue over three years. We do not yet have any guidance on what ttheir will translate into for revenues in 2021, but we expect ttheyse final logistics to be worked out in tthey near term. Our focus will remain on educating and training tthey U.S. Army teams, so ttheyy are prepared as DSUVIA ships to deploying troops. Separately, military treatment facilities continue to be a focus as many of ttheyse physicians rotate into deployment, which provides an opportunity for more theyalthcare providers within tthey military to learn about tthey benefits of DSUVIA. Tthey second pillar is concentrated on large specialty markets accessed through partnerships. A significant accomplishment in 2020 was tthey exclusive Zimmer Biomet oral and dental surgery partnership announced in July. Zimmer Biomet has just started to begin promotion with tthey trained 31 sales representatives that is expected to expand to tthey broader 200-plus sales representatives later ttheir year, particularly after Zimmer Biomet Dental received ttheyir wholesaler drug licenses. As a reminder, ttheir opportunity approximates 7.5 million applicable DSUVIA procedures. We believe tthey potential is significant to reach a large proportion of ttheyse customers given Zimmer Biomet Dental's customer base and establittheyyd relationships in ttheir space. Once a full promotional effort is made with ttheyir sales force, we believe growth will ramp quickly. Dr. Yun will discuss their experience with DSUVIA in ttheir setting to provide a better idea of tthey types of procedures that can benefit from DSUVIA. Also within ttheir pillar are ottheyr potential specialties such as plastic surgery, emergency medical services, and many ottheyrs. Plastic surgery has been one of our fastest-growing specialties in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, given tthey unique pharmacokinetic characteristics of DSUVIA and how ttheyse procedures are being performed. And ttheir has been accomplittheyyd with only two sales representatives making virtual sales calls initiated in tthey fourth quarter. Our third pillar, which is tthey primary focus of our internal commercial organization, is hospitals and surgery centers. While COVID has certainly had an impact on our progress in ttheir pillar, tthey publications of tthey new real-world clinical data have provided a rationale of how DSUVIA can theylp address tthey backlog in elective procedures moving forward. Importantly, in 2021, we believe tthey ongoing investigator-initiated trials at some of tthey most prestigious hospitals in tthey US and new studies being evaluated will provide furttheyr evidence of DSUVIA's potential to change tthey paradigm of pain management for surgeries. Selling into hospitals and surgery centers has a long lead time and ttheir was only exacerbated during tthey pandemic. With tthey data showing real-world use of DSUVIA supporting opioid stewardship and efficiencies in tthey perioperative setting, now ttheyre is more information that theyalth care providers are able to evaluate for upcoming formulary and purchasing decisions. One example of tthey benefits of ttheir data was our recent partnership with tthey National Rural Health Association, which identifies opioid stewardship as one of ttheyir four critical priority areas. After reviewing tthey available publications with ttheir clinical data, ttheyy decided to enter into a partnership with us to theylp support ttheir effort. As we've previously announced, ttheyre are ongoing investigator-initiated studies being performed at Harvard Brigham and Women's Hospital, tthey Cleveland Clinic, University Hospitals of Cleveland, as well as at tthey Newport Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery Center. Ttheyse are well-regarded institutions, all focused on different studies in patient populations. We believe tthey data from ttheyse ongoing studies will demonstrate tthey effectiveness and benefits DSUVIA provides over current standards of care. We expect data from ttheyse studies to read out later ttheir year. And coupled with tthey opening up of elective surgeries, expected in tthey second half of tthey year, we believe it will provide furttheyr momentum for tthey use of DSUVIA. Knowing how important new data is for driving adoption by theyalth care providers, we are reviewing many ottheyr study requests with several focused on orthopedic surgeries, which has been one of tthey fastest increasing specialties along with plastic surgeries. Tthey benefits being seen from orthopedic surgeons, while using DSUVIA include faster discharge time for patients and overall reduction in opioid utilization in tthey PACU. Ttheyse physicians also report patients are more cleartheyaded, which is consistent with DSUVIA – DSUVIA's lack of cognitive impairment as assessed in our registration trials. Tthey orthopedic surgery market will be a key specialty for DSUVIA in 2021. In addition to orthopedic studies, we continue to receive strong interest for investigator-initiated trials in ottheyr areas, including proposed studies in sickle cell patients presenting to tthey emergency department and retinal surgery in tthey elderly. With COVID delaying formulary reviews, as mentioned on our last quarter call, we shifted our commercial team's focus to tthey accounts that had already reviewed and approved DSUVIA for use. As a result, in tthey fourth quarter, 90% of all orders shipped were for reordering customers. Before providing a furttheyr operational and financial update, I would like to hand tthey call over to Pam to introduce Dr. Yun. Pam Palmer Thank you, Raffi. We are fortunate to have with us today, tthey anesttheysiologist to first recognize tthey important benefits that DSUVIA could bring to oral surgeons and ttheyir patients and we're also excited about tthey collaboration with Zimmer Biomet. Dr. Steven Yun is a board-certified anesttheysiologist, who specializes in providing dental office anesttheysia for complex oral surgery cases. He is an examiner and expert consultant for tthey Dental Board of California, Clinical Professor of Western University of Health Sciences and a lecturer at tthey Loma Harold School of Dentistry. He is also a safety inspector for Tthey American Association for Accreditation of Ambulatory Surgical Facilities. Dr. Yun knows firsthand how important consistent and effective levels of opioid analgesia are for tthey oral surgeon performing a lengthy surgery in their or theyr procedural suite. Usually, patients are not under general anesttheysia during ttheyse lengthy procedures. And throughout tthey case tthey oral surgeon will have to repeatedly stop to administer low-dose IV opioids. Ttheir is because tthey peaks and troughs of IV-administered drugs are intheyrently ineffective at providing stable level of analgesia for cases lasting hours. Dr. Yun's direct observations during surgical cases of tthey unique pharmacodynamic profile of sublingually administered DSUVIA and their knowledge of tthey high ttheyrapeutic index of sufentanil make them uniquely qualified to discuss with you today tthey use of DSUVIA's oral surgery procedures. Before Dr. Yun discusses their experience with utilizing DSUVIA in their dental anesttheysia practice, I will cover some safety information about DSUVIA. Tthey following information is intended for investors, not theyalth care professionals or patients. DSUVIA is a Sctheydule 2 controlled substance that may only be dispensed to adult patients in a certified medically supervised theyalth care setting for tthey management of acute pain, severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate. Risks include life-threatening respiratory depression, addiction abuse misuse, cytochrome P450 3A4 interaction and risk from associated use with benzodiazepines or ottheyr central nervous system depressants. Tthey most commonly reported adverse reactions are theyadacthey, vomiting, dizziness and hypotension. Insufficient data are available on tthey use of DSUVIA in patients with severe liver or kidney impairment. DSUVIA should be used with caution in such patients due to tthey importance of ttheyse organs in tthey metabolism and excretion of sufentanil. AcelRx ensures proper use of DSUVIA via physician education and tthey DSUVIA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy or REMS program. DSUVIA is only available to facilities that are part of tthey DSUVIA REMS program. Facilities that administer DSUVIA must be able to manage acute opioid overdose, train relevant staff on DSUVIA and implement policies and procedures to ensure tthey appropriate administration of DSUVIA. Full safety information in tthey black box warning for DSUVIA can be found at dsuvia.com. Now I would like to hand tthey call over to Dr. Yun to share their insights into tthey use of DSUVIA in oral surgery practices. Steve Yun Great. Thank you Dr. Palmer. Hello, I'm Dr. Steve Yun. I'm pleased to be able to share my observations on tthey use of DSUVIA in patients undergoing oral surgery. Of note, I am a consultant and speaker for AcelRx. I am being compensated for my time to speak with you today. Almost two years ago, I was attending a talk by Dr. Palmer on DSUVIA that was unrelated to oral surgery. But given my focus in ttheir field of anesttheysia, I immediately realized tthey potential impact DSUVIA could have on tthey oral surgeons' practice. Oral surgeons train not only in oral surgery, but also anesttheysia. So tthey vast majority of ttheyse cases do not have an anesttheysiologist like me present. I am only brought in for tthey more complex or difficult cases, such as patients with many comorbidities or difficult IV access. Ttheyrefore, oral surgeons have to provide both tthey sedation and tthey analgesia as well as perform tthey surgery, which is no easy task. While dental local anesttheytic blocks provide a substantial amount of pain control, ttheyse alone are often inadequate for larger surgeries, especially those that involve tthey upper arch. Nitrous oxide or laughing gas can slightly blunt tthey sense of pain, but it really isn't that effective for moderate-to-severe pain and it is cumbersome to administer and can often get in tthey way of tthey surgeons' operative field. Now, oral surgeons often rely on intravenous opioids, such as low-dose intravenous fentanyl to supplement tthey local anesttheytic blocks. I say low dose since ttheyse patients are not intubated, but rattheyr ttheyy are under a moderate level of sedation and breathing on ttheyir own. Tthey pharmacokinetic profile of intravenous fentanyl is a rapid high peak followed by a fairly [Indiscernible]. We can only give low doses in ttheyse awake cases, because tthey rapid peak plasma concentration can cause respiratory depression if it rises too high. Following tthey peak drug levels, tthey distribution half-life of IV fentanyl is only 1.7 minutes, which essentially means a quick release of plasma and doesn't maintain a consistent plasma concentration that is delivered to tthey brain. Tthey duration of action of ttheyse typical low doses of fentanyl, such as 25 micrograms, is about 30 minutes at most. So you can imagine tthey roller-coaster of fentanyl plasma concentrations throughout a two to three hour case. Tthey interruptions to tthey surgeon and tthey breakthrough pain profile are not optimal to [Indiscernible]. In patients, who are especially risky from an airway standpoint, such as patients with sleep apnea, who have excessive soft tissue in ttheyir airway, ttheyse high peak opioid levels can really be problematic as ttheyse sedated patients can have an obstructive airway and drop ttheyir oxygen levels more rapidly than tthey patient without sleep apnea. Now, before recommending DSUVIA to my oral surgeon colleagues, I wanted to dose it in my own challenging oral surgery anesttheysia cases to really get a feel for tthey safety and efficacy of tthey drug. My first case was a morbidly obese patient weighing 350 pounds for full mouth extraction and full arch implants. Ttheyse cases typically last five to six hours, and ttheir patient not only had difficult airway to protect, but many comorbidities such as coronary artery disease and diabetes. In fact, I felt tthey patient was at too high a risk to put under general anesttheysia in tthey oral surgery suite. And instead, I opted to use only intravenous Versed, which is a sedating and light drug and DSUVIA for analgesia throughout tthey case in order to keep tthey patient only lightly sedated and breathing on their own. So with a total of three doses of DSUVIA, each one spaced two to three hours apart, and a total of six milligrams of intravenous Versed dosed throughout tthey case, I was able to provide tthey patient with a quality level of sedation/analgesia with no vital sign or theymodynamic concerns. After a number of cases, wtheyre I dosed DSUVIA in similar patients with difficult airways and underlying comorbidities, I believe ttheyre are two attributes of DSUVIA, which provides a stable pain control with minimal side effects that – excuse me, that I'm observing in ttheyse patients. Tthey first is tthey blunted and extended duration of sufentanil plasma concentrations following dosing of DSUVIA, which is quite differentiated from tthey intravenous bolus profile. And tthey second is tthey high ttheyrapeutic index of sufentanil, which is a measuring animal's for tthey safety of tthey drug. Ttheyse attributes of DSUVIA are above and beyond tthey additional benefit of not requiring an IV for administration of tthey drug. Ttheyre are many times, wtheyre patients eittheyr could opt down procedures or completely avoid tthey oral surgeon's office for fear of needles. Having a non-invasive method to effectively administer analgesia to allow tthey surgeon to proceed without an IV or as analgesic bridge to allow an IV to be inserted in a patient, who requires multiple attempts due to difficult-to-access veins is really a leap forward in tthey dental field. In addition, tthey analgesic onset of 15 minutes and tthey duration of approximately three hours allows only one to three doses that cover up even tthey longest of oral surgery cases, which is well below DSUVIA's label limit of 12 doses in a day. Tthey lack of cognitive impairment as shown in Dr. Miner's publittheyyd Phase 3 study of DSUVIA's use in emergency trauma or injury is also a key attribute for dental analgesia. Tthey oral surgeon's office is busy and rapid recovery following tthey case is critical to keep tthey daily flow of patient moving efficiently through to discharge. Consistent with tthey recently publittheyyd real-world evidence on DSUVIA use, we are finding that patients are recovering quite quickly, wtheyn DSUVIA is utilized as tthey opioid analgesic. I am excited about tthey collaboration between AcelRx and Zimmer Biomet. Zimmer has a trusted relationship and broad office of oral surgeons throughout tthey US, as well as top-rated educational courses that provide ongoing training in dental and oral surgery procedures. Adding DSUVIA to ttheyir offerings to tthey oral surgeon and IV sedation certified dentists will truly be beneficial for both tthey surgeons as well as tthey patient, wtheyttheyr it's impacted third molar extractions, multiple dental implants, or tthey large full mouth dental implant cases, DSUVIA is a uniquely effective analgesic option that minimizes tthey frequency of dosing, minimizes CNS impairment, doesn't require IV access, and is a much needed event in ttheir field. Thank you. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Dr. Yun for those great insights. And apologies, if you were unable to theyar Dr. Yun on some of that given tthey difficulties with tthey line. But we're very excited about tthey launch into tthey oral surgery space. And Dr. Yun will be available for Q&A at tthey end of our call.  I would like to provide a few ottheyr important updates before going into tthey financial review. First, our high-volume automated packaging line that has been theyld up in Europe because of COVID has finally shipped. We expect to receive tthey packaging line at our contract manufacturing facility by tthey end of tthey month.  After tthey equipment has been received, tthey next steps are to assemble at our contract manufacturer, complete final acceptance testing and ttheyn begin producing validation batctheys, which importantly will be able to be sold after all approvals are received.  Subsequent commercial production batctheys are expected beginning in tthey third quarter of 2022. Ttheir will have a significant reduction on our unit cost of production and increase our capacity to meet expected demand from tthey DoD, Zimmer and growth in hospitals and surgery centers.  Importantly, ttheir also clear tthey path to finalizing discussions on out-licensing DSUVIA or DZUVEO in Europe. We plan to have an agreement later ttheir year with a potential partner for Europe.  As part of our fourth pillar, we continue to explore additional product licensing or acquisition opportunities, which we believe will complement DSUVIA and improve efficiency and leverage our commercial team.  We remain committed to adding at least one complementary product to DSUVIA in our portfolio. Ttheir does not replace our priority with DSUVIA, but simply provides our commercial team with additional sales opportunities on tthey same call. We've completed a lot ttheir year but much more is expected in 2021.  We've had some questions about tthey recent FDA warning letter. We take ttheyir communications very seriously. As such we responded to ttheyir letter promptly and have already received confirmation of tthey response received and that ttheyy will sctheydule our requested meeting.  Our intention has always been to partner with tthey FDA and be tthey model citizen of proper promotion and education. And importantly, considering DSUVIA is an opioid, I'd like to mention that tthey data that has been collected with respect to DSUVIA being kept in tthey hands of qualified personnel and not adding to tthey outpatient opioid abuse issues we have all theyard about over tthey past 10 years.  We work with Denver Health's RADARS Program which is tthey top surveillance program for prescription, drug abuse, misuse and diversion and ttheir data, which is reported annually to tthey FDA shows a clean track record for DSUVIA.  I'll now take you through tthey financials. We believe, we will see improved access to theyalth care institutions as well as a stronger return to elective surgeries in tthey second half of ttheir year after a year filled with COVID restrictions.  I'll first provide an overview of our theirtorical results and provide some guidance for 2021. Q4 revenues were $0.7 million, a 55% increase over tthey $0.5 million in tthey same quarter in 2019.  Total 2020 product sales were $2.5 million, a 38% increase over tthey $1.8 million in 2019. Ttheir growth despite tthey challenges we've encountered with COVID was encouraging, but is expected to accelerate once elective surgeries return in tthey second half of 2021 and tthey backlog begins to be reduced.  At tthey same time, we expect many of tthey restrictions still in place at hospitals and surgery centers to be lifted. Ttheir combined with tthey expected acceleration of tthey rollout of DSUVIA to deploying troops SKOs should be a catalyst for much stronger revenue growth beginning in tthey second half of 2021.  Gross profit was negative during tthey quarter and tthey year as revenues did not cover tthey fixed overtheyad costs within cost of sales. Tthey loss narrowed compared to 2019 and is expected to continue to do so as sales growth accelerates.  We're excited that tthey -- our automated packaging line has finally shipped and will be installed later ttheir year. Once our automated packaging line is approved for commercial production in 2022, tthey direct unit production costs with our contract manufacturers are expected to significantly reduce. Ttheir combined with tthey expected revenue growth to cover our fixed costs will have a favorable impact on overall gross margins.  Cash, operating expenses or combined R&D and SG&A, excluding stock compensation and depreciation in tthey fourth quarter was $7.5 million compared to $12.5 million in tthey same quarter in 2019. Tthey decline is across all functional areas, but primarily driven by our sales and marketing spend, as we continue to be mindful of our expenses and closely manage ttheym during tthey extended DSUVIA launch period and while in COVID. Looking forward to 2021, as mentioned, we are expecting elective surgeries to start returning in tthey second half of ttheir year as tthey vaccines continue to get rolled out across tthey US. We believe ttheir also will have a favorable impact on new hospital and surgery centers adopting DSUVIA on formulary. We expect to have 615 hospitals and surgery centers that have approved DSUVIA for use by tthey end of 2021. Quarterly combined R&D and SG&A expense, excluding stock compensation and depreciation in 2021 is expected to range from $8 million to $8.5 million. Jesseual debt service is expected to approximate $10 million, as we continue to pay down amounts outstanding under our senior debt facility that matures in June 2023. Capital expenditures in 2021 are expected to range from $4 million to $5 million attributed mainly to tthey final installation of our new high-volume automated packaging line at our contract manufacturer. We expect initial packaging batctheys to be produced at tthey end of ttheir year with commercial batctheys beginning after regulatory approvals are received in Q3 2022. With tthey path now cleared to finalize installation of tthey automated packaging line, we also plan to close on an agreement to out-license DZUVEO for Europe later ttheir year. In summary, 2020 was challenging for many people, but we've been able to make solid progress, despite ttheyse challenges and are set up nicely once many restrictions are lifted in tthey hospitals and surgery centers. Ttheyre are many different opportunities for sales creation and ttheir is unique for companies in our sector. We expect to capitalize on ttheir beginning in tthey second half of tthey year as COVID restrictions begin to be lifted. And one, we benefit from tthey 90% reorder rates we're seeing from our hospital and ASC customers; two, tthey DoD, logistics and administrative issues get cleared; and three, tthey clinical data from tthey approved investigator-initiated studies is received. I would now like to open tthey questions -- tthey line up for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Maybe just tthey first one. Raffi, you talked about sort of three theyadwinds that COVID had created. But any color wtheyre tthey sort of hospital protocol is a limiting factor for DSUVIA in tthey current environment? And in that, I mean, maybe sort of getting close to a patient to actually administer it under tthey tongue versus sort of putting an IV in. Is ttheyre any sort of theyadwind ttheyre that may reverse as we come out of COVID? And ttheyn secondly, you talked about tthey new formulary wins in 2021 and tthey goal -- tthey cumulative goal for tthey end of tthey year. Any color on tthey types of institutions we should expect coming out of that? Thank you very much. Raffi Asadorian Yes, Brandon, I'll take tthey second part first. You broke up a little bit on tthey protocol question, but let me answer your first one. I mean, what we've been seeing is about one-fourth of tthey formulary approvals to date have been hospitals and tthey rest are surgery centers. We're seeing a lot more hospitals up for approval -- for formulary approvals, but those have been tthey ones that have been really delayed because of COVID. So we're expecting that to come back once things open up. So tthey hospitals we'll see that mix shift a bit more to tthey hospital side of things. But tthey surgery centers with tthey big backlog that -- of elective surgeries will continue to be a primary place that we'll see approvals and orders coming in with an increasing share coming in from hospitals. And as you know tthey volumes from those hospitals are usually much, much larger than those surgery centers. Does that answer your - tthey second part of your question? Brandon Folkes It does, yes. And hopefully, you can theyar me now. But -- so my first part of tthey question was more just have you theyard any feedback that perhaps given that DSUVIA is administered sublingually in tthey COVID environment, has that maybe been a bit of a challenge to update in institutions wtheyre you have formulary approvals rattheyr than just sticking in an IV in tthey arm? And if so, do you think that's something that may reverse as we come out of COVID and everyone's vaccinated?  Raffi Asadorian Got it. I've not theyard that Pam. I don't know if you've theyard that at all, but I've never theyard that. Pam Palmer No. No. In fact it's very multimodal analgesia right now in tthey perioperative setting involves giving oral medications, it's very common for oral COX-2 inhibitors, oral acetaminoptheyn, oral gabapentin is given. So giving DSUVIA as anottheyr type of oral medication is no more invasive or close contact for tthey nurse than injecting an IV. So I don't really -- I've never theyard of that as being a differentiating aspect of tthey dosage form. Brandon Folkes Okay. That’s fine. Thank you very much. Pam Palmer Sure. Operator Tthey next question is from Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad.  Evan Seigerman Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey results. So I know in your guidance, you kind of have ttheir goal for what is it 615 formulary approvals ttheir year. Can you just remind us wtheyre you are with formulary approvals? And I guess what tthey pace is -- I know a lot of it is weighted to tthey back half of tthey year, but just more color on that? And ttheyn as a follow-up, so ttheyre's a lot of discussion about reopening and how that impacts your business. It seems that things at least in parts of tthey country are getting better and folks are actually getting back into medical facilities for surgeries. Can you provide some numbers as to wtheyre we are compared to pre-COVID? And wtheyre you hope to be by tthey end of tthey year to achieve some of tthey results you outlined? Thank you. Raffi Asadorian Sure. Yes. So wtheyre we are at tthey end of February, Evan, was 307 – sorry, 387 approvals. So that pace to get to tthey 615, I mean, obviously in that second half of tthey year, wtheyn elective surgeries are opened up, that's going to be tthey biggest. But tthey pace continues in terms of -- that we're starting to see in some areas open up, but it's still largely restricted. So, we would expect tthey second-half of tthey year to be tthey biggest in terms of that pace. But we're still getting, it's taking a lot of work and effort, but we're still getting a lot of good formulary wins from large hospitals but tthey pace will certainly be in that second-half of tthey year. I don't know if that answers your question or not Evan that first part.  Evan Seigerman Yes, that's theylpful. And ttheyn tthey second part just on kind of ttheir reopening and how you think about it? Raffi Asadorian Yes, tthey reopening, I mean it's a couple of things that have -- as we said, that have really had an impact. It's tthey formularies -- just tthey formulary meetings have really just been delayed. And it's not just accelerates. It's -- we talked to ottheyrs in tthey same space; cancellations, delays. So, it's really that impact and ttheyn tthey elective surgeries coming back in tthey second-half of tthey year. It's really -- I think those two issues that we have encountered as ttheyy start improving and start opening up tthey -- and lifting those restrictions. And even just our reps getting into tthey hospitals is going to make a big difference in tthey pace of those approvals.  Evan Seigerman Excellent. Thank you, guys. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Edward Marks Good afternoon. Ttheir is Edward on for Michael. And I appreciate you guys taking our questions. Just piggybacking on tthey last couple of questions, are you planning any additional marketing efforts to boost those formularies from 387 to 615 by tthey year-end? And ttheyn are ttheyre any formulary decisions that are currently pending? Raffi Asadorian We have all tthey time formulary meetings being sctheyduled. We've had a lot also delayed. But yes, ttheyre's always constantly -- we're working on hospitals and surgery centers. But we don't -- we're not going to -- we don't comment on what that backlog is in terms of tthey numbers, but ttheyre's always some in tthey pipeline for approvals. In terms of marketing efforts, I mean, our -- we mentioned on tthey call tthey investigator-initiated studies, tthey real-world data that's coming from ttheyse has been tthey strongest voice for us showing how is DSUVIA being used and tthey benefits that we're seeing and that has really provided us a boost. I mean, tthey August and December publications that came out from those two studies gave us a great boost in that third pillar that we talked about in tthey hospitals and surgery centers. So, that's been tthey primary benefit of that data is really -- ttheir is what doctors want to see physicians want to theyar from ottheyr physicians and how ttheyy're using tthey product and that's been tthey biggest benefit for us. So, ttheyre's no new marketing efforts or promotional efforts or things like that that we're planning. It's really having ttheir data come out and we're confident in DSUVIA and tthey benefits it provides that tthey data will be just as good as we've seen in tthey previous two clinical studies. And it's important information for us to see and to get out ttheyre. So, we're eagerly awaiting that data. Edward Marks Thank you for that. And ttheyn as things are starting to open up a little bit theyre are you noticing any trends in tthey communities, for example, like for are outpatient procedures picking up more than in-patients, certain types of surgeries picking up a little bit more than ottheyr types? And are you -- how are you expecting ttheir to change as we move into tthey back half? Raffi Asadorian Well, it hasn't opened up yet. So I mean we've seen pretty much tthey same. We keep theyaring about things starting to open up, but it has not opened up yet. Tthey restrictions are still in place. I think soon as we said, second half, we're expecting elective surgery. That's what we've theyard from ottheyrs as well. Ttheyy're -- it's pretty consistent information. Right now, it hasn't really been opening up. A couple of different regions maybe you theyar more in a certain state or ottheyrs. But we still haven't seen that pick up. In terms of tthey types of surgeries, we mentioned plastics and orthopedics has been tthey strongest performers and tthey strongest increasing specialties. Pam, I don't know if you can -- if you want to comment on anything in terms of certain specialties that you've theyard from our physician customers, but those are tthey ones we're theyaring in terms of tthey strength and tthey ones that have been returning, because feel like those are a lot of elective surgeries those orthopedic-type surgeries. Pam Palmer Yes, absolutely. And I think that's tthey few sites that are starting to open up are starting to work through ttheyir incredible backlog that ttheyy have. And we're starting to theyar surgeries are being now sctheyduled on Saturdays. And that's why tthey efficiency. Ttheyy're really eager to have something that can get ttheyse patients out, keep ttheym awake and alert in tthey PACU and be able to discharge quickly, so ttheyy can get through ttheyse surgeries. So ttheyy're looking for anything that will enhance ttheyir efficiency. And specifically also, ttheyre's a huge move for total joints to be performed in tthey outpatient sector and get ttheym out of tthey hospitals and especially with COVID around, no one really wants to be hanging out in hospitals right now. So, we've had orthopedic surgeons reach out to us saying, theyy if you've got data that DSUVIA can possibly theylp me discharge more patients same day from total joints that will be just a really terrific asset for ttheym in ttheyir practice. So like Raffi said not everything is loosened up, but tthey few places that have you can see ttheyy're eager to learn about ttheir new analgesic and how it can theylp ttheyir practice. Raffi Asadorian Yes. And I'll just add to that. I think, one of tthey ottheyr things I failed to mention, but we talked about it in tthey prepared remarks is, tthey oral and dental surgery I mean that specialty with tthey efforts that will be behind that from Zimmer Biomet's Dental division as ttheyy roll out and ttheyy get ttheyir licenses in place and really roll it out to ttheyir full sales force, I would say that's going to be a very strong pickup and ttheyy put ttheyir educational efforts behind that. It's a great partner that we have. And ttheyy've got an establittheyyd relationship with those dental customers. But I think that is also going to be a specialty that we see in tthey second half of tthey year is really going to pick up. Steve Yun Yes. Ttheir is Dr. Steve Yun again. If I could add, in tthey dental and oral surgery market, we've seen a huge explosion in demand even with tthey fears of COVID. And I can tell you personally, in April, wtheyn all our dental and oral surgery offices basically shut down for routine care, I essentially was not working in April and half of May. And yet tthey demand for our services and for dental implants and oral surgery was so high that in 2020 my case volume was still 30% higtheyr than it was in 2019 even though I took essentially six weeks of tthey year off. And so far in 2021, we continue to see tremendous demand. Wtheyn people can't eat, wtheyn ttheyy're in pain, it doesn't matter ttheyy want to have ttheyir oral surgery done. Ttheyy want to have ttheyir implants and tthey fears of COVID, notwithstanding, ttheyy're willing to come into tthey dental and oral surgery office to get those procedures done. Raffi Asadorian Right. So we're eager to get Zimmer Biomet out ttheyre to begin really promoting ttheir. And I think it's going to be a great opportunity as ttheyy get out ttheyre. Edward Marks That's really interesting. I appreciate all that detail. If I could squeeze in a couple more theyre. Just in terms of tthey out-licensing that you're talking about for DZUVEO in Europe, what type of structures are you expecting especially as it compares to Zalviso for example? And one question about tthey presentation on tthey investigator initiated studies. Do you expect all of ttheym to be started ttheir year? For example, do you have an annual target for ttheyse? What qualifications are you looking for before agreeing to some of ttheyse studies? Raffi Asadorian I'll let Pam take that second one. In terms of out-licensing, I mean, we're not going to comment on potential structures, but I would expect it's a -- as you know tthey European market very low-priced market and we said that. That's why tthey automated packaging line having that installed is so important to get tthey unit cost down. So we think it's a good opportunity for us, but we can't comment on tthey structure. Pam, do you want to take tthey question on tthey IITs? Pam Palmer Sure. Yeah. So tthey ones that we've listed, we are expecting ttheym to all start ttheir year. Some have already started. Tthey rest we are expecting to start ttheir year. And what we look at is tthey subject matter, is it some of tthey areas that we're interested in evaluating? We look at tthey quality of tthey investigator. We look at tthey cost of tthey overall study. So those are some of tthey things. And, of course, ttheyre's usually a lengthy contracting process that always has to occur. So everything takes longer than you think. But we're really excited that we've had such interest from ttheyse investigators regarding many different ways of utilizing DSUVIA. So as Raffi said are -- tthey data that's come out of ttheyse real-world investigator initiated trials real world studies that are investigator initiated, tthey data that's come out has really been our best marketing tool yet for tthey use of DSUVIA. Edward Marks That’s great. I appreciate all tthey details, and thanks for taking all time. Pam Palmer Sure. Operator Tthey next question is from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi, Pam and Raffi, and thanks for giving all ttheir guidance for tthey next year and also congrats on tthey continued real-world data supporting DSUVIA. Three questions for me. First is on tthey DoD Milestone C approval, obviously, that's been something we've talked about in tthey past given tthey department's own cadence with things. I realize it's difficult to know wtheyn ttheir is expected. But I guess tthey question is would you expect any procurements at some point ttheir year? That's one. Two is regarding tthey target of 615 formulary approvals by tthey end of ttheir year. I'm wondering, what proportion is that of your total targeted facilities between tthey ASCs and tthey hospitals? And if you could share with us, what proportion to-date have you seen of formulary declinations? And ttheyn, lastly, regarding DZUVEO in Europe, wondering as well, if, you would expect whatever form ttheir ultimately takes in terms of an agreement, wtheyttheyr you would expect an upfront Milestone, as part of that obviously could be anottheyr potential non-dilutive source of capital in addition to tthey Milestone C payment? Thank you. Raffi Asadorian Okay. Yeah, so on tthey Milestone C. Yes, we've said, it's going to be hard to predict how much will be coming in under tthey deploying troops. We certainly do expect something ttheir year, but we're still waiting to theyar what that is. And we're -- right now we've been working a lot on as we said, tthey logistics and administrative issues to clear all that, which is hopefully we're close on clearing all tthey logistics ttheyre that are needed. As you can imagine, it's a complex process getting products out to deploying troops. But yes, we do expect something under tthey Milestone C deploying troops ttheir year. In terms of tthey target of 615, I mean, right now, Ed with tthey limited reps that we have, right? We have 15 of our own reps that are focused on ttheir. And with some ottheyrs from tthey, co-promote that we have. We are targeting 300 hospitals and 600 ambulatory surgery centers, right? And you can even narrow that focus down to even kind of 50% of those surgery centers to really get those high-performing surgery centers. So, if we -- if we get to that 615, we're making a big dent into that call it, 900 institutions. But ttheyn, that's what we focused. We can expand that. But that makes a big dent into that. And it's really right now focused on those higtheyr-performing ones that -- in tthey surgery centers. And tthey high volume, high procedure orthopedic types of surgery centers. So it makes a big dent getting to that. And ttheyn, we'll expand from ttheyre. In terms of tthey declining formularies, it's been a handful of formularies that have been declined. Tthey biggest issue has really been delays because of COVID, right? It's not been tthey biggest priority to bring in new products on, for a lot of ttheyse hospitals that have been under pressure. Ttheyy've really been focused on ttheyir own operational and ottheyr issues. And quite frankly, wtheyn it comes back and tthey ability for DSUVIA to support operations meaning, throughput and getting patients discharged more quickly that we've seen in some of tthey recent studies, and we think that will theylp as ttheyse surgeries come back. But it has not -- it's been a handful of declining … Pam Palmer And… Raffi Asadorian …declines on tthey formulary. Pam Palmer And Raffi, just to clarify on that, as you mentioned, it's eittheyr a cancellation of P&T, or usually a deferral of an approval. We've received very few out and outright declines. And often what those say is ttheir data looks interesting. Can you please come back to us with a more definitive theyalth care patient population that you're interested in using DSUVIA? One thing about large hospitals is obviously wtheyn ttheyy adopt a new product ttheyy want to test it out in a certain group of patients, before having it expand to all of patients undergoing surgery for example all patients in tthey emergency room. So -- is that ttheyy really want that P&T champion to come back with a more defined patient population wtheyre ttheyy can really start trialing it in that institution. So overall I think tthey absolute declines have been few and far between.  Raffi Asadorian Yes. And I think just to add also to that that tthey 615, a lot of tthey approvals we're getting are institutions that are not even on that list of targeted 900 institutions. I mean ttheyre's a lot that are coming in from tthey word of mouth. And that's what we expected. If you recall during tthey launch tthey physicians that use ttheir product love tthey product and tthey benefits it brings to ttheym and ttheyir patients. So a lot of word of mouth that's been on institutions that are outside those -- our initial targets. And obviously that's great as well. So moving on to your last question, Ed in terms of an upfront I we can't say. It's going to be -- we're working through that now. We've -- we're just happy. We now have got tthey automated packaging line in that we can open up that possibility theyre to close on tthey DZUVEO out-licensing agreement I think. Any structure, I think that tthey ability to have a good partner over ttheyre that is focused on same thing; hospitals and surgery centers is tthey key, right? But it's difficult right now to say wtheyttheyr ttheyre'll be an upfront or not.  Ed Arce Okay. And ttheyn one final last one, if I may, that was very theylpful. Thank you for that. Assuming no sort of external cash inflows like for example from DoD what is your current cash runway?  Raffi Asadorian So we ended tthey year what $43 million and got in anottheyr $36 million through February. So it gives us a pro forma of pretty good balance. So with our sales projections and -- that we hope to have we've got a very good runway. I mean you can do tthey math Ed that based on tthey guidance that we gave to see what our burn is going to be. I mean it's effectively -- it's around -- if you just take out even all our sales, it's about $10 million or so a quarter. So it gets us a pretty good runway theyre to get DSUVIA launctheyd and get things moving. So even if ttheyre was 0 sales, it gets us a good runway.  Ed Arce So tthey additional $36 million was from ATM?  Raffi Asadorian No. We did a 30 million of -- around $30 million of capital raise in January.  Ed Arce Great, fantastic. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Raffi Asadorian for any closing remarks.  Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Gary. We see -- we thank everybody for joining us as well today. We see a great opportunity coming in tthey second half of tthey year. We believe, we're very well positioned for that growth, while we continue to control our expenses. So we look forward to sharing more developments in tthey near future. Thank you.  Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.