AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call March 8, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Raffi Asadorian – Chief Financial Officer Vince Angotti – Chief Executive Officer Analysts Matttheyw Andrews – Jefferies Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey event stage of tthey Investor section of AcelRx’s website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. You may listen to tthey webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey investor section of AcelRx’s website. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Raffi Asadorian, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Today, we reported our fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results in our press release. Separately, we also reported tthey receipt of tthey official FDA minutes from tthey Type A meeting theyld in January. Tthey releases and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investor section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. During ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements about events and circumstances that have no yet occurred, including but not limited to tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of DSUVIA, known as DZUVEO outside tthey United States, and ZALVISO, including AcelRx’s plans for resubmission of DSUVIA and ZALVISO NDA to gain approval in tthey U.S. Tthey scientific review and approval of tthey Marketing Authorization Application with tthey European Medicines Agency of DSUVIA, tthey ttheyrapeutics and commercial potential of AcelRx’s product candidates including potential market opportunities for DSUVIA, DZUVEO and ZALVISO. And tthey company’s ability to continue its cash management plan to maintain a solid liquidity position and financial flexibility and its projected cash flows. Ttheyse statements are based on management’s current expectation and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and timing of ttheyse events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. And as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include without limitation, risks related to AcelRx’s product development programs and outcomes of any regulatory reviews, tthey possibility that regulatory agencies could dispute or interpret differently tthey results of AcelRx’s clinical trials, tthey accuracy of AcelRx’s estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing and ottheyr risks including those detailed in tthey company’s recent SEC filings and tthey Risk Factor section of its quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017 and our year ended December 31, 2017 on Form 10-K which we will file shortly. AcelRx disclaims any obligation to update information contained in ttheyse forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please refer to tthey AcelRx SEC filings for a detailed discussion on tthey relevant risks and uncertainties. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to begin 2018 with positive momentum coming out of what we believe was a productive Type A meeting in January and one which puts us back on a planned path to resubmit tthey DSUVIA NDA in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. On tthey call today, I’ll cover three primary topics. First, tthey outcome of tthey January Type A meeting; second, tthey expected regulatory timeline for DSUVIA and ottheyr product candidates, which includes many key near-term milestones; and third, an update on our financials and 2018 outlook. But before jumping in I want to highlight that in addition to tthey progress on tthey regulatory front, we continue to maintain our financial discipline during tthey quarter and ended 2017 with $60.5 million in cash and investments. Raffi will provide furttheyr details later on ttheir call, but I commend tthey team for maintaining a prudent approach on spending while still addressing our key priority of preparing for a potential DSUVIA approval and commercial launch. Now moving to tthey first topic, tthey outcome of tthey Type A FDA meeting. Our team has been diligently working on an expeditious path forward since we’ve received a complete response letter, or CRL, regarding our DSUVIA NDA in October of 2017. Tthey two primary points from tthey FDA in tthey CRL we’re number one although tthey safety database was suitable in tthey number of patients. Ttheyy asked us to collect additional data in 50 patients with post-operative pain sufficient to evaluate tthey safety of DSUVIA at tthey maximum daily dose in tthey proposed label. And two, tthey second point. Modify tthey directions for use, or DFU, to mitigate tthey risk of misplaced tablets and ttheyn validate tthey effectiveness of ttheyse changes in a Human Factors study. Tthey Type A meeting was tthey face to face meeting in late January, which included tthey AcelRx management, our key clinical and regulatory consultants and four attendees from our product development partner Department of Defense. Tthey team collaborated exceptionally well and proposed a different approach to tthey FDA to address tthey daily maximum dose point. On tthey previously proposed label for DSUVIA dosing was on an as needed basis not to exceed one tablet per hour resulting in a ttheyoretical maximum available dose of 24 tablets per day. We've proposed to tthey FDA to reduce tthey maximum dose in tthey label to not exceed 12 tablets within a 24 hour period to more closely reflect clinical utilization of DSUVIA in our trials. And to support tthey safety of ttheir lower maximum dose, AcelRx proposed utilizing safety data from tthey higtheyr dosing patients in tthey DSUVIA and ZALVISO clinical trials. Tthey FDA stated that tthey proposed revision to tthey maximum daily dosage appeared reasonable and that in light of tthey lowered maximum daily dose, it was expected that tthey higtheyr exposure to DSUVIA patient data combined with tthey higtheyr exposures of ZALVISO patient data may be acceptable to support tthey DSUVIA NDA resubmission. To address tthey second point in tthey CRL, AcelRx submitted to tthey FDA and updated directions for use and an updated protocol for tthey Human Factors or HF study, required to validate tthey effectiveness of tthey DFU changes. Tthey FDAs reviewed and recently provided its comments to tthey updated DFU and HF study protocol and we expect ttheir study to be completed next month. In tthey NDA resubmission, we’ll provide ttheyse HF study results along with tthey additional DSUVIA and ZALVISO safety data analysis supporting tthey reduced maximum daily dosage. So, overall, we believe tthey meeting outcome was favorable and it allows us to resubmit tthey DSUVIA NDA once we complete tthey HF study. Moving now to our regulatory timeline. Ttheyre are a number of key milestones ttheir year beginning with tthey expected DSUVIA NDA resubmission in tthey second quarter. Based on ttheir resubmission timing, we're expecting an advisory committee meeting sometime ttheir summer and a PDUFA date in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. We're also expecting to receive tthey CHMP opinion in tthey second quarter of ttheir year regarding DZUVEO as DSUVIA is known in Europe. We’ve received tthey 180 day questions and are in tthey process of preparing our response, which we expect to be submitted by tthey end of ttheir month. As a reminder ZALVISO was already approved in Europe and being marketed by our partner Grünenthal. Our final milestone for tthey year is tthey resubmission of our ZALVISO NDA, which has already been prepared and is ready to resubmit. We've incorporated tthey positive Phase III IAP 312 study results and we were prepared to resubmit tthey NDA at tthey end of last year, however, given our belief that tthey DSUVIA CRL was manageable. We decided to wait to resubmit ZALVISO until tthey second half of 2018. Disposition to lead with our main product opportunity, DZUVEO was based on multiple factors including our belief that launching DZUVEO first will provide us a better platform on which ZALVISO can more easily follow after theyalthcare professionals are educated on and experienced with tthey benefits of sufentanil sublingual tablet and tthey management with moderate-to-severe acute pain. Now before hand tthey call over to Raffi to cover our third and final topic, our financial results and 2018 outlook, I like to highlight that our partner in Europe, Grünenthal, continues to see a positive trend in ZALVISO product demand from ttheyir enhanced focus on penetration into existing hospital customers. Total amount of patient exposures to tthey end of 2017 was approximately 16,200 in line with estimates from last quarter. And while Grünenthal’s launch in 2016 was slower than initially expected tthey adjustments ttheyy’ve made to ttheyir launch strategy have provided positive momentum and improved sales results. Now, importantly, Grünenthal’s real world experience in 2017 was absent of concerns over inadvertently dispensed tablets or device errors and of course ttheyir insights have theylped us to prepare our launch strategy. Now let me turn to Raffi to provide an update on our financial results and outlook for 2018. Raffi Asadorian Thanks, Vince, and good afternoon everyone. Fourth quarter much like tthey last quarter was managed conservatively from a financial perspective, as we continue to hold on ramping up commercial resources prior to a potential PDUFA date for DSUVIA. We will continue to manage our cash prudently to ensure we have adequate financial resources as we focus on obtaining approval for our product candidates. Our full year 2017 revenues were $8 million, which consisted of $7.1 million in revenue under our collaboration agreement with Grünenthal and tthey remainder relating to our Department of Defense contract for DSUVIA development. Tthey total revenue decline of $9.4 million from tthey full year 2016 was attributed mainly to lower invoicing under our DSUVIA contract with tthey Department of Defense as ttheyre was reduced DSUVIA development related work and costs in 2017. To date we have recognized a total of $22 million in revenue under DoD grants and contracts and have agreed on an additional $500,000 for new DSUVIA development costs incurred or expected to be incurred in 2018. Looking forward, Grünenthal’s positive sales growth trend will not always closely aligned with tthey timing of our product sales as Grünenthal’s sells down its existing inventories. Ttheyrefore, despite Grünenthal’s continued growth expectations for ZALVISO in 2018, we expect our collaboration revenues to decline ttheir year before an anticipated increase in 2019. As a reminder, ttheyse collaboration revenues are not expected to have a significant impact on our cash flows in tthey near-term since a significant portion of European ZALVISO royalties and milestones were already monetized with PDL in 2015. We ended tthey year with $60.5 million in cash and investments, which was a decline of $7.4 million from Q3 2017. Tthey decline was mainly driven by our cash operating expenses plus $4 million of debt service on our senior loan with Hercules in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey $4 million represents regular debt service of $2.3 million plus tthey payment of $1.7 million deferred fee. Offsetting ttheyse outflows was tthey utilization of our ATM facility early in Q4 to raise $2.7 million before fees. Excluding tthey net proceeds from tthey ATM stock sales, tthey net cash outflow during tthey fourth quarter was $10 million which was inline with our expectations and tthey guidance provided. Our combined G&A and R&D expenses, net of stock based compensation were $6.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, which declined from $7.4 million in tthey third quarter of 2017 and $9.4 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Tthey declines were mainly attributed to lower DSUVIA and ZALVISO related development costs incurred compared to those prior quarters. Operating expenses were tthey main driver of our cash flows and will continue to be in tthey near-term. Looking forward, we expect our quarterly pre-commercialization net cash burn to remain in tthey $10 million to $11 million range prior to prelaunch prep costs, which we expect it will ramp in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 if DSUVIA is approved by our anticipated PDUFA date. Ttheir includes approximately $2 million to $2.5 million per quarter of debt service as our senior loan began amortizing in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. We will provide furttheyr cash flow guidance as we get closer to a potential DSUVIA approval date. With that let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. We’re also pleased to be participating at several upcoming investor conferences. We’ll be presenting ttheir month at tthey ROTH Conference, Cowen Healthcare Conference and tthey Oppentheyimer Healthcare Conference. We’re optimistic about tthey upcoming milestones with an expected DSUVIA NDA resubmission in tthey near-term and PDUFA date later ttheir year. We remain focused on completing tthey necessary steps to get tthey NDA resubmitted in Q2 specifically initiating and completing tthey HF study and we intend to keep tthey positive momentum to look forward to updating you throughout 2018. With that said I would now like to open tthey line up for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Matttheyw Andrews with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw Andrews Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for tthey chance to ask some questions. Vince, can you – what does tthey adjective reasonable mean? Is that language that tthey FDA used? And if so, how would your advisors describe what that means? Vince Angotti Yeah, we were very careful about tthey selection of tthey language, Matt, as you can imagine and reasonable was language that ttheyy use in response to our discussion and our advisors felt that that was a positive outcome related to tthey answer to that question. Matttheyw Andrews And is it a term that ttheyy've seen before in discussions with FDA in terms of meeting minutes? Vince Angotti I can't comment on that in meeting minutes, but we can tell you it was an accurate reflection of tthey discussion we had with ttheym and – that our advisors were comfortable with that language. Matttheyw Andrews And ttheyn as it relates to tthey expected FDA ad com, did ttheyy specifically communicate that to you or are you just being proactive in preparing for that type of event? Vince Angotti No we asked ttheym actually in tthey submission of tthey briefing book prior to tthey actual FDA Type A meeting wtheyttheyr we should expect an ad com and ttheyy said yes and that tthey timing of that ad com will be communicated to us after receipt of tthey resubmission. Matttheyw Andrews Gotcha. And ttheyn lastly, can you talk about your thoughts relative to how tthey commercial opportunity may be impacted with ttheir potential labeling language in terms of tthey lower maximum dosage? Do you think it restricts tthey opportunity for you assuming tthey products approved? Thanks. Vince Angotti Yeah, so, we do not. Wtheyn we consider modeling moving forward, we're clearly not modeling doses of tthey 24 tablets on average per day. So we don't believe it affects our commercial potential of ttheir product whatsoever. I'll remind you that tthey DSUVIA market is significant as we've communicated previously. It target patient market of around 92 million in tthey U.S. alone. And again, we're focusing on two particular areas in that market. Our initial target for DSUVIA is in tthey emergency department wtheyre we estimated 18 million patients are receiving an IV for pain only. And certainly ttheyir doses wouldn't be very high. It’s a simple efficient replacement for ttheyse ER nurses and doctors, let alone it’s a non-invasive delivery system that's a benefit to tthey patients. In addition to tthey emergency room, we're targeting outpatient surgery. We believe tthey profile of DSUVIA fits well tthey needs of tthey hospital, quickly move patients to discharge and we estimate about $11 million outpatient surgery patients suffering from moderate-to-severe acute pain. So, again, markets are very sizable. And with tthey reduction in dosing from 24 to 12, we don't believe it any effect on our commercial potential moving forward. Matttheyw Andrews Okay, thank you. Vince Angotti You're welcome, Matt. Operator [Operator Instructions] And ttheyre appears to be no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator. And now, we're clearly excited about tthey progress we've made on tthey regulatory front both from tthey DSUVIA perspective in tthey U.S. as well as tthey DZUVEO perspective in Europe. We'd like to thank everyone for joining us on tthey call today and for you continued support of AcelRx. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress with our upcoming milestones, which are many in 2018. Thank you. Operator Ttheir conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.