AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian – Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti – Chief Executive Officer Pam Palmer – Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes – Cantor Fitzgerald Thomas Yip – H.C. Wainwright James Molloy – Alliance Global Partners Operator Hello, welcome to tthey AcelRx First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live via tthey Events page on tthey Investors section of AcelRx’s website, www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today’s webcast presentation is being recorded. You may listen to a replay of ttheir webcast by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us on tthey call today. Ttheir afternoon, we announced our first quarter 2023 financial results and associated business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release can be found within tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vincent Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Pam Palmer, AcelRx’s Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I want to remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will likely make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company’s periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I’ll now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good afternoon, everyone. We’re excited to provide an update to you today during ttheir transformative time for AcelRx marked not only by tthey divestment of DSUVIA, but also by submitting a request for an Emergency Use Authorization to tthey FDA in April for Niyad, our lead nafamostat program. Ttheir amends a prior EUA submission to tthey FDA by Lowell Ttheyrapeutics, which received an encouraging response from tthey agency, but requested certain CMC information that was manufacturing related. Ttheyse requests were addressed by tthey primary amendments to our recent EUA submission. Niyad is being developed for use in tthey U.S. as a novel anticoagulant for dialysis circuits. We cannot stress enough how important tthey availability of an alternative anticoagulant is for dialysis patients, including those undergoing continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy or CRRT. Ttheir is because clotting of tthey circuit filter during CRRT can occur resulting in major complications to tthey patient. Our interactions with leaders in tthey field of nephrology during our recent advisory board meeting reinforced tthey urgent medical need for an alternative anticoagulant for use during CRRT. And ttheir combined with our recently conducted U.S. quantitative research reaffirms tthey market potential for Niyad. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn it over to Dr. Palmer to theylp explain tthey risks of not using an anticoagulant with inpatient dialysis. Pam Palmer Thank you, Vince. As a result of not using anticoagulants in tthey dialysis circuit, patients can experience a low quality dialysis due to a clotted filter. In addition, wtheyn tthey clotted filter is changed, loss of red blood cells and platelets removed with tthey filter can often result in tthey patient requiring a transfusion. For ttheyse reasons, tthey international CRRT guidelines recommend tthey use of an anticoagulant infused into tthey dialysis circuit, but despite ttheir, U.S. physicians do not always use anticoagulants in patients undergoing CRRT. Our recent quantitative market research indicates 29% of patients undergoing CRRT get no anticoagulation in tthey dialysis circuit. So why would physicians not use an anticoagulant in some patients, even though it’s tthey internationally recommended standard of care? As we were told by many physicians at tthey recent Josephual Acute Kidney Injury and CRRT meeting theyld at tthey end of March in San Diego, ttheyy are stuck with in ttheyir words two bad options for CRRT anticoagulation, theyparin and citrate. Tthey ladder of which was made available under an EUA at tthey start of COVID. Heparin has a relatively long half-life and recirculates back into tthey patient and can cause systemic bleeding as well as ottheyr issues. Regarding citrate, it is difficult to use, requires calcium levels to be drawn every four hours, requires intensive nursing time, and our recent market research indicates physicians are concerned about its use due to its side effects, which include hypocalcemia, citrate safety, alkalosis and ottheyr complications including ventricular arrhythmias. Not surprisingly, wtheyn talking to one ICU physician from a major academic center who was at tthey recent AKI and CRRT meeting, they told us their hospital does not use any anticoagulant during CRRT at all due to tthey risks of both theyparin and citrate, even though it is against tthey international standard of care. Our recent study of 150 physicians specializing in CRRT showed that across tthey Board theyparin was used in 43% of patients and citrate was used in 28% of patients, leaving 29% of patients with no anticoagulant due to tthey risks of tthey ottheyr two agents. Given tthey issues and fears physician have with available – tthey two available anticoagulant options, ttheir is not surprising and demonstrates a large unmet need for an easy to use, short half-life anticoagulant such as Niyad. We plan to submit ttheir quantitative market research for peer-reviewed publication ttheir quarter. Vincent Angotti Thanks for that, Pam. As a result, we believe tthey majority of tthey target population for Niyad consists of patients that are receiving no anticoagulant as well as tthey 28% that are receiving citrate totaling 57% of CRRT patients and to mono degree patients at risk on theyparin. In terms of market opportunity, we estimate Niyad to have a peak annual sales potential of $200 million in tthey U.S. attributed to just tthey inpatient and outpatient dialysis markets, excluding use in any ottheyr extracorporeal circuits. Our estimate in peak sales potential comes from modest penetration into ttheyse markets, specifically attaining only about a 20% share of tthey current in tthey hospital CRRT market and 6% of tthey dialysis market outside of tthey hospital. Recently, we’ve agreed to terms with tthey manufacturer for tthey supply of tthey active pharmaceutical ingredient in Niyad being tthey nafamostat mesylate that’ll allow us to scale up tthey production of ttheir product candidate. We look forward to initiating a single registrational trial in tthey second half of ttheir year, of which tthey primary endpoints have already been agreed upon by FDA for 160 patient study. In addition, after already receiving an ICD-10 CMS procedural code to facilitate reimbursement, we’re proceeding with early commercial planning. We anticipate that we’ll need only a small sales force for Niyad. As such, we’re evaluating tthey use of an in-house sales team versus external commercialization partners with nephrology and/or ICU experience. Remind you that if approved Niyad would be tthey only regional anticoagulant approved for ttheir indication in tthey United States. Now let’s turn to our pre-filled syringe portfolio. We plan to follow new drug applications or NDAs for our eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine pre-filled syringes. Tthey first filing will be Fedsyra, our pre-filled syringe of eptheydrine anticipated by tthey end of tthey second quarter. Tthey need for pre-filled syringes is clear since our availability offers a significant improvement and advantage for tthey overall theyalthcare system, including less waste, improved safety, and tthey convenience of not having to dilute and prepare tthey syringe in advance of procedures. Ttheyre are currently two FDA-approved eptheydrine pre-filled syringes. Ottheyr than ttheyse recent approvals, nearly all tthey current used eptheydrine pre-filled syringes are made by compounding pharmacies, which have an intheyrent short ttheyylf life and well-known risks for contamination. However, tthey ability of physicians to have an available, a convenient prefilled, terminally sterilized eptheydrine syringe that has an extended ttheyylf life would certainly offer an additional advantage. For all ttheyse reasons, we believe that ttheyre’s a significant amount of room for Fedsyra and what we estimate is a $100 million-plus dollar market. Ttheir is especially true based on our partner, Aguettant European product, which has a three year ttheyylf life. We believe that tthey market opportunity is also attractive for pre-filled syringes since we’re expecting to allocate minimal resources towards ttheir program. Ttheir is because much of tthey commercialization efforts are expected to be through contracting with group purchasing organizations and hospital networks. With potential approval of tthey Fed – of tthey NDA for Fedsyra, commercialization could occur as soon as tthey first half of next year. Now, with regard to our transition of DZUVEO to Alora Pharmaceuticals, we closed tthey divestment transaction on April 3, and as restated in our press release today, we anticipate tthey transition to be ongoing for about six months from tthey closing date. During ttheir time, AcelRx will be reimbursed for transition services. We’ll lead tthey relationship with tthey Department of Defense or DoD to ensure continued engagement and expected sale to that important customer. In fact, we completed training to an infantry division just last week with additional training sctheyduled for ttheir year. We remind you that in addition to tthey 15% royalty on commercial sales by Alora, we’ll retain 75% royalties on all net sales to tthey DoD to see tthey single largest customer, which is a significant upside of our agreement. In addition, we’re entitled up to $116.5 million in sales based milestones from Alora. In summary, in 2023, we have already accomplittheyyd tthey following previously communicated goals. Number one, tthey divestment of DSUVIA to a strong commercial partner while retaining upside from royalties on both tthey commercial and DoD sales. Two, significantly reduced our operating expenses. Three, advanced tthey manufacturing and supply chain for Niyad. And four, submitted tthey EUA for Niyad. Moving forward, we’re preparing to initiate tthey Niyad registrational trial later ttheir year, and we’re also on track to follow our NDA for Fedsyra, our first pre-filled syringe product candidate, setting up tthey potential of two commercial products by mid-2024. And with that, I’ll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey details of our first quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian Thanks, Vince. Sales of DSUVIA in tthey first quarter were $0.5 million, which was a 7% increase over tthey first quarter of last year, and a 111% increase over tthey fourth quarter of 2022, despite only having three sales representatives promoting DSUVIA during tthey quarter. With tthey experience and resources that Alora Pharmaceuticals has in sales and marketing, we expect continued momentum in sales with ttheyir ownership of DSUVIA. Revenues in tthey first quarter are not reflected in our statement of operations due to tthey specific accounting treatment and presentation of tthey now divested DSUVIA business. All sales and expenses related to DSUVIA are reflected in a single line item entitled net loss from discontinued operations in our statement of operations and tthey individual line items will be disclosed only in tthey notes to tthey financial statements. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $13.4 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. Our combined R&D and SG&A expenses in tthey first quarter, excluding DSUVIA related expenses, since ttheyse are now reported within tthey net loss from discontinued operations line item totaled $5.3 million compared to $4.9 million in tthey first quarter of 2022. Including tthey DSUVIA related expenses within tthey loss from discontinued operations, ttheyse expenses have declined $2.3 million in Q1 2023 compared to Q1 2022. Q1 2023 combined R&D and SG&A expenses included $0.6 million non-cash stock based compensation expense. Our estimated combined R&D and SG&A expense in 2023, excluding non-cash related expenses is in tthey $16 million to $20 million range, depending upon tthey timing of tthey receipt of a potential emergency use authorization for Niyad and ottheyr discretionary costs. We expect to continue to closely monitor our discretionary expenses during tthey year to extend tthey cash runway as we await potential upcoming significant milestones. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi. I’d now like to open tthey line for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We’ll now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on all tthey progress. Maybe just one from me, how should we think about a potential Niyad launch trajectory given little bit EUA and sort of ttheir – ttheyre is ttheir need, do we think about ttheir as a normal hospital product launch trajectory or do you think ttheyre’s possibility of maybe bending that curve a little bit just given tthey need for ttheir product? Thank you. Vincent Angotti Yes. So I think tthey key to your question, Brandon, and thank you for ttheir, what is a normal hospital trajectory? And ttheyy’ve been all over tthey map, but theirtorically, what I think you’re alluding to is probably slower uptake due to P&T Committees and tthey time involved with tthey evaluation of tthey product from an efficacy and cost standpoint. I would venture to say with those sites that we’ve already interacted with, you would see within that target population that target set of institutions a faster uptake because of ttheyir knowledge in nafamostat, ttheyir theirtorical not experience but education on tthey product and anticipation for it coming to tthey U.S. I think tthey ottheyr key to ttheir, and I’ll ask Dr. Palmer to comment on it. Is ttheir isn’t – as we have learned a typical P&T routine calendaring mechanism for approval within tthey hospitals. Dr. Palmer, can you please comment on those that are critically involved with ttheir and how that would typically operate? Pam Palmer Yes. What we found out from talking to ttheyse large institutions and tthey smaller ones as well, is that ttheyre’s only one or two docs who are really calling all tthey shots for CRRT anticoagulation in any of ttheyse institutions. So ttheir isn’t something that goes in front of a 25 panel P&T committee and has to get on tthey calendar and has to be debated. Tthey decision really is made by tthey folks who are running tthey CRRT program as to what exactly ttheyy want. And if ttheyy ask for it, ttheyy get it. So it’s going to be quite different, I think than something like DSUVIA for example, which is just a opioid for pain management and would be broadly used. Ttheir is very specific use drug that will be basically dictated by just a few folks. Vincent Angotti I think, Brandon, I’ll follow-up your question. As you’re talking about bending tthey curve of potentially adoption, and again ask Dr. Palmer to comment on ttheir. As we’ve been designing tthey study and working with those that are going to be investigators on tthey trial, we were expecting maybe 9 months to 12 months in life for enrollment. Tthey communication back to us is ttheyy feel like ttheyy can accelerate that. And Dr. Palmer, maybe you can comment on how ttheyy’re talking about velocity of enrollment. Pam Palmer Yes. I think that even with our quantitative market research and sort of theyaring from 150 U.S. physicians, wtheyn you really talk to ttheym one-on-one, ttheyy really don’t like theyparin and ttheyy really don’t like citrate eittheyr although it’s sort of a necessary evil wtheyn a patient can’t tolerate theyparin. Ttheyy have told us that ttheyir use of CRRT has escalated since COVID and has remained escalated, and that’s certainly what our quantitative market research shows as well. So it’s – ttheyy’re seeing enrollment of ttheir study, which again remembers only 80 active and 80 placebo patients, so it’s only a total of 160 for tthey study. Ttheyy’re basically saying ttheir can happen in a few months. So we’re really sort of having to rethink about how quickly we’re going to be able to get ttheir clinical trial done. Vincent Angotti Brandon, does that theylp answer your question? Brandon Folkes Very theylpful. Thanks so much. Vincent Angotti Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Thomas Yip Hi everybody, it’s Thomas Yip asking a couple of questions for Ed. So first, good to theyar that [indiscernible] was filed. Can you give us some details wtheyn was tthey following formally accepted, and just trying to figure out tthey timing of tthey next steps if you can go over ttheym? Vincent Angotti Sure. So tthey filing occurred in tthey second half of April towards tthey end of April, and we got confirmation of receipt of that filing within 24 hours. Tthey difference between an EU filing and typically an NDA filing is tthey NDA filing has to go through an electronic portal that requires some significant work. Ttheir is a less formal submission. We direct it to an e-mail with a pretty significant file that goes directly to tthey project manager. So it occurred in late April. We got confirmation of receipt very shortly ttheyreafter. Thomas Yip Okay. So can you remind us, so let’s see, so 30 days, so wtheyn should you expect a response from tthey agency regarding wtheyn session should be expected? Vincent Angotti And I’ll have Dr. Palmer weigh on ttheir as well, but ttheyre is no set timeline with EUAs as ttheyre would be with a classic NDA submission wtheyre you have a PDUFA fee involved in regulatory restrictions on time for review, wtheyttheyr it’s a year, wtheyttheyr it’s 10 months, et cetera. I think tthey important aspect of ours is it does have already FDA breakthrough designation, so while we can’t handicap with tthey timing on tthey feedback will be – we do know that it gets that priority designation ttheyn based off of tthey breakthrough label that it has received. Dr. Palmer, did you have any additional color you might want to add to that? Pam Palmer No, you’re right. I mean, we don’t have any specific date. Ttheyre isn’t any specific timelines that ttheyy’re theyld to for EUAs, but we’re moving very quickly forward with tthey clinical trial prep. We’re working final touctheys on investigator brochure. We’ve selected our CRO. We’re going forward with tthey protocol and we’re just moving very fast in that we think that’ll be quick. So regardless of sort of what happens with tthey EUA and tthey timing of that, we’re moving very fast towards tthey clinical trial and hope to get that wrapped up very quickly as well. Thomas Yip Got it. Got it, and thanks for tthey additional details. And ttheyn perhaps beyond tthey EUA, tthey registrational study for full approval, can you tell us what else is muted to get ttheir study launctheyd and I believe in tthey second half of ttheir year. And what’s your estimated total spend on ttheir registrational study? Vincent Angotti I’ll have Dr. Palmer answer tthey first part of that question. And Raffi ttheyn maybe you can comment on tthey finances. Pam Palmer Yes. Ttheyre’s – we’re just working towards getting access to that final batch of drug that we’re going to use for tthey clinical trial. And like I said, putting finishing touctheys on tthey protocol investigator brochure. We’re going to kick off tthey clinical research organization, tthey CRO that we selected, and we’re moving forward. So ttheyre’s really nothing that has stalled us out at all. Vincent Angotti And Pam, would you comment that tthey enthusiasm for tthey participation is strong based off of our personal interactions with those potential investigators? Pam Palmer Yes. We’ve met with ttheym both in-person at that meeting we mentioned down in San Diego, tthey AKI, CRRT meeting, as well as an ad board that we theyld a week later, and ttheyy are chomping at tthey bit, ttheyy’re very excited to get access to ttheir product and to be enrolled in tthey clinical trial and promised ttheyy can get it done very quickly. So it’s just a matter of contracting with tthey sites and getting first patient enrolled and we’re off to tthey races. Vincent Angotti And Pam, can you remind as well tthey primary endpoints of tthey study, so everyone’s aware of tthey agreement we have with tthey FDA and those endpoints points? Pam Palmer Sure. So as I mentioned earlier, its 80 active versus 80 placebo, and tthey primary endpoint is tthey activated clotting time over tthey first 24 hours. And so I think we feel very fortunate to have a pretty standard quantitative endpoint. It’s an objective endpoint that’s easily measured, comparing a very powerful anticoagulant to saline. So we’re very excited about tthey odds of hitting ttheir clinical trial out of tthey ballpark. Vincent Angotti And ttheyn Raffi, you may be tthey second portion of tthey question on tthey finances? Raffi Asadorian Yes. So tthey estimated cost that we have Thomas for tthey clinical study is about $7 million and that – if it’s accelerated, it’ll be a bit less, but that’s what we’re estimating right now. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you so much for taking our questions, looking forward in progress for Niyad. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Thomas. Pam Palmer Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from James Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. Please go atheyad. James Molloy Hey guys, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. Looking at tthey 29% no anticoagulant, 28% citrate markets, can you walk through wtheyre you guys see tthey pull coming from each of those markets? Should you get approval from Niyad and how does an EUA approval versus a full approval potentially impact your ability to enter into those markets? Vincent Angotti Yes. So I’ll comment on tthey first part of that question. So we see tthey pull primarily coming from tthey no anticoagulant and citrate markets in bulk to a much lesser degree, tthey theyparin market. Well, just because it’s inexpensive been around a while, and if a patient could tolerate it, it makes sense for ttheym to actually use that. Although, as Dr. Palmer mentioned in our recent interactions with our advisory team, ttheyre was less satisfaction with theyparin than we had originally anticipated. So I think tthey quote Dr. Palmer utilizes ttheyse physicians said, we have two bad choices right now, and ttheyy’re just trying to make tthey best of it between theyparin and citrate. So wtheyn we consider those markets, tthey larger pull from tthey no anticoagulation in tthey citrate market, which again citrates only available today under an EUA, we’re estimating a market share penetration within tthey CRRT space only. That being tthey in-hospital dialysis wtheyre ttheyy’re receiving tthey dialysis for call it five to seven days, 24 hours a day at just over 19% market penetration. That’ll account for about half of tthey $200 million in sales at peak sales that we’ve currently estimated and obviously it appears a bit conservative. Wtheyn we think about tthey market outside of tthey hospital, tthey classic dialysis, wtheyre tthey patients are going in and calling it 3 times a week for maybe three to five hours a session. Very, very, very large market of which we would get a smaller percentage, only about 5% to 6% of that market realizing that many of ttheym in that particular may not need anticoagulation. Again, it’s shorter-term, but ttheyre’s a small portion of small subset according to our specialists that say, we’ll need it. So again, a modest penetration in that market of only about 6%, that makes up tthey ottheyr $100 million. So that gets us to your $200 million total in our preliminary forecast to date for peak sales, which again, we feel are more than reasonable and modest based off of our calculations and experience so far talking with tthey physicians. I think you had mentioned tthey second part of that, James, was EUA versus FDA approval? James Molloy Yes. Vincent Angotti I think under an EUA you’ll be more apt to work with tthey institutions that have tthey larger centers and that ttheyy have a current specific protocol, wtheyttheyr it’s for citrate or for theyparin, and have multiple machines kind of running at tthey same time. Wtheyn I say multiple, not two or three, but 10 to 20, some of ttheyse institutions have 20 to 30 machines or even more. Those were wtheyre we would primarily advance our efforts early on because ttheyy tend to house tthey specialists or tthey thought leaders nationally and internationally within those institutions. And we would’ve limited resources at least to tthey start of tthey launch to penetrate anything beyond those large thought leader institutions. Wtheyttheyr it’s a fair amount of business outside of those, ttheyy’re spread a little bit more thinly and it’ll take more time to educate those particular institutions. I hope that theylps answer tthey question on a ramp for EUA versus full approval. I think its full approval, and especially if we have a partner involved ttheyn we’ll be blanketing tthey U.S. in a more uniformed fashion. And I do want to reiterate that we are talking with partners as we speak for both ex-U.S. and U.S. commercialization. James Molloy Well, quick maybe a follow-up on that if I could please, on tthey three batctheys, tthey theyparin, tthey citrate, and tthey no anticoagulant, tthey three groups of doctors out ttheyre. I presume in your estimates, you guys don’t have anything coming from tthey theyparin group to be conservative, but of tthey sort of tthey 28% or in citrate rate, do you guys think you’ll get half of that or third of that and ttheyn of tthey no anticoagulant think you’ll get half of that or three quarters of that group, or I was sort of wondering how that breakdown with that $100 million, $200 million comes from within those groups again assuming tthey model… Vincent Angotti Yes, to give you more specific – sorry about that. I should have been more specific. Raffi, you can give us some more of tthey details. Raffi Asadorian Yes. And without getting into all those details in terms of market penetration on each James, tthey – like Vince said, tthey biggest is going to come from that citrate and tthey no anticoagulation markets and that’s going to be probably close to 70% of tthey – 75% of that total peak sales opportunity. Tthey theyparin though, it ttheyre is, as we’ve been talking also to some of ttheyse physicians, ttheyy’ll use theyparin, ttheyy don’t like it, but ttheyy’ll use it, if ttheyre’s nothing else available because citrate is so complex to use. Ttheyy have to use, ttheyy feel like ttheyy have to use something, but citrate is so complex that ttheyy can’t use it. So we do expect to get some share out of that theyparin market. It’s just not nearly as much as tthey citrate and no anticoagulant market. James Molloy Okay. Thank you for that. And ttheyn maybe my final question would be, I’m sure you guys are well aware, tthey challenges facing smaller companies with single products in tthey bag, even though obviously ttheir is a much smaller sales force theyre. So a lot of tthey issues can be avoided, but what are your thoughts on bringing in additional products and how does that opportunity look for potentially in license something to put something else in tthey bag of ttheir sales force? Vincent Angotti Right now, honestly, we got our hands full because with tthey Niyad potential EUA, tthey completion of that study, et cetera. Niyad is clearly our primary focus, but we got things right on tthey back end of it with tthey two prefilled syringes. And again, while that won’t use much sales force, it’ll be contracting, but we’ll have ottheyr potential revenue streams from that as well. I think tthey ottheyr key, as far as licensing in, we’re always on tthey lookout for licensing in, but I think you have to remember that nafamostat or Niyad LTX-608 is a pipeline and a product with multiple ottheyr potential indications that we could pursue moving forward. We want to get ttheyse under our belt, get tthey revenue streams working accordingly tthey income statements, moving in tthey right direction and while will be opportunistic on bringing in additional products, we also don’t want to eliminate tthey opportunity to advance nafamostat or LTX-608 for tthey ottheyr indications. James Molloy Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Vincent Angotti It take some of tthey pressure off before wtheyre we had no pipeline, we were only at tthey studio company, now we’ve got multiple avenues to theyad with tthey current assets within our portfolio. James Molloy Great. Thank you again. Vincent Angotti Thanks, James. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vincent Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Jordan, and thanks to all of you for joining us today and your continued support of AcelRx. We’re clearly excited about tthey transformation through tthey progress we’ve made with Niyad in our pre-filled syringes. We’re going to remain focused on driving long-term shareholder value as a newly focused company with late-stage development, what we believe as high value assets going forward. We’ll look forward to answering any additional questions you might have offline and we’ll certainly continue to share with you our future developments and I’m excited about tthey progress we’ve made. So Jordan, thank you, and thank you all for attending. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.