AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2017 4:30 PM ET Executives Tim Morris – Chief Financial Officer Howie Rosen – Chief Executive Officer Aaron Palmer – Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Gina Ford – Vice President-Commercial Strategy Jane Wright-Mitctheyll – Chief Legal Officer Analysts Randall Stanicky – RBC Capital Markets Boris Peaker – Cowen Michael Higgins – ROTH Capital Partners Ed Arce – H.C. Wainwright Hugo Ong – Jefferies Operator Hello and welcome to tthey AcelRx Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey conference call over to Tim Morris, Chief Financial Officer, please go atheyad. Tim Morris Thank you Austin. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. I’m joined by Howie Rosen, our Chief Executive Officer; Aaron Palmer, our Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer; Gina Ford, our Vice President, Commercial Strategy; and Jane Wright-Mitctheyll, our Chief Legal Officer. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, and Jane will now remind you of our Safe Harbor language. Jane Wright-Mitctheyll Thank you, Tim. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates ZALVISO, sufentanil sublingual tablet 30 microgram, ttheyn is ARX004 outside of tthey United States and sufentanil sublingual tablet including U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA review of tthey New Drug Application or NDA for DSUVIA.  Tthey potential approval of tthey DSUVIA NDA by tthey FDA; tthey DSUVIA and ARX-04 clinical trial results; AcelRx's pathway forward towards gaining approval of ZALVISO in tthey United States, including successful completion of tthey IAP312 clinical study for ZALVISO; and tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx's product candidates, including potential market opportunities for DSUVIA, ARX-04 and ZALVISO, anticipated resubmission of tthey ZALVISO New Drug Application or NDA to tthey FDA including tthey scope of tthey resubmission and tthey timing of tthey resubmission, and tthey FDA review time; and tthey status of tthey Collaboration and License Agreement with Grunenthal, or any ottheyr future potential collaborations, including potential milestones and royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' actual results and timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements, and as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' DSUVIA ARX-04 development program, including tthey FDA review of tthey DSUVIA NDA and tthey possibility that tthey FDA may dispute or interpret differently clinical results obtained from tthey DSUVIA Phase 3 studies; tthey ZALVISO development program, including successful completion of IAP312 and tthey resubmission of tthey ZALVISO NDA to tthey FDA; any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including DSUVIA in tthey United States, ARX-04 in Europe and ZALVISO in tthey United States; tthey uncertain clinical development process; tthey success, cost and timing of all development activities and clinical trials for ZALVISO IAP312. AcelRx's ability to receive any milestones or royalty payments under Grunenthal agreement and tthey timing ttheyreof; ability to manufacture and supply sufficient quantities of ZALVISO to Grunenthal on a timely basis; tthey uncertain clinical development process, including adverse events; tthey accuracy of AcelRx's estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing, and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in AcelRx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC on November 2, 2016.  AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. I will now turn tthey call back over to Howie, our Chief Executive Officer. Howie Rosen Thank you, Jane. Well ttheir announcement didn’t place in tthey fourth quarter. It is obviously going to be topic of interest. So please allow me to take a moment and discuss our appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer. You probably saw tthey recent press release announcing Vincent Angotti, who has agreed to join AcelRx’s CEO starting on Monday, March 06. We're very fortunate to have attracted some of tthey Vince’s many years of successful commercial and management experience to lead tthey Company as we prepare for tthey potential approval and launch of DSUVIA in tthey U.S. As many of you know, I stepped into tthey role of CEO for AcelRx in 2015 wtheyn tthey need arose. Ttheir transitioned to an externally recruited CEO as a key milestone in AcelRx becoming a commercial organization. I have served on tthey Board of Directors since 2008 I am looking forward to theylping Vince and tthey AcelRx team in my continued role on tthey Board. Now let's turn back to tthey fourth quarter achievements, tthey most important milestone, we achieved in tthey fourth quarter was tthey submission of a new drug application or NDA with tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration for DSUVIA a 30 microgram sublingual sufentanil tablet for tthey tthey treatment of adult patients experiencing moderate to severe acute pain in a medically supervised setting. Recently ttheir application was accepted for filing and a PDUFA date of October 12, 2017 was assigned. We continue to be excited about tthey potential for DSUVIA because of its simple single-dose applicator design. And is administered to tthey patient by theyalth care professionals. We are also grateful to our partners in tthey Department of Defense for bringing ttheir unmet need to our attention and for ttheyir financial support. Tthey FDA has indicated to us that it plans to hold an advisory committee meeting to review tthey DSUVIA application. While tthey date of ttheir meeting is yet to be determined, we’re expecting to meet in a joint session with both anesttheytic and analgesic drug products advisory committee and a drug safety and risk management advisory committee during tthey summer. We also anticipate instituting a REMS program to support tthey appropriate use of DSUVIA and to enhance proper administration. While we started initial preparations for tthey advisory committee meeting Gina and theyr commercial team continued to receive positive feedback from tthey market as we prepare for commercialization in tthey U.S. should DSUVIA be approved. For Europe we are on sctheydule to submit a marketing authorization application or MAA under tthey centralized procedure during tthey first half of ttheir year. We refined our expectations for DSUVIA’s market potential in tthey U.S. as well as in Europe wtheyre tthey product is called ARX004. And we estimate peak revenues to be $1.1 billion and EUR700 million respectively. We're seeing high interests from tthey medical community theyre about DSUVIA clinical results theyre and abroad. I'll turn tthey call over to Pam now who can give you can overview of what's been presented recently and what to look for in tthey coming months. Pam? Aaron Palmer Thanks Howie, our efforts in tthey fourth quarter included presentations that results from tthey DSUVIA clinical program at tthey International Society for Burn Injuries, tthey Georgeual Meeting of tthey American Society of Plastic Surgeons, EMS World Expo, tthey European Conference on Emergency Medicine, tthey National Conference on Correctional Health Care and tthey Obesity Societys Georgeual Meeting. In addition we made tthey first presentation of complete results from tthey DSUVIA Phase 3 SAP303 study at tthey Georgeual Pain Medicine meeting of tthey American Society of Regional Anesttheysia and Pain Medicine. SAP303, you will recall was conducted in 140 patients aged 40 years or older who would have undergone short stay in-patient or out patient surgery. Ttheyse results show that tthey patients administered DSUVIA experienced a 49% reduction in mean pain intensity from baseline during tthey first two hours and maintain that reduction for tthey duration of a 12-hour study period. Tthey most frequently reported adverse events in tthey study population were nausea in 27% of participants and theyadacthey in 6%. Anottheyr recent presentation, we made at tthey European Congress in Vienna is worth tthey mention as well. That presentation outlined a European micro-costing analysis of tthey direct and indirect costs associated with tthey administration of intravenous opioids. Direct cost of hydromorphone, morphine and ottheyr opioids are easy to find and tend to be relatively low. But materials with indirect costs such as IV set up equipment and nurse time to start an IV and a dose to launch of tthey patients had not been clearly establittheyyd. Based on ttheir analysis we determined that an initial dose of an IV opioid can cost approximately EUR18 to EUR20 in emergency departments across tthey EU. Ttheir finding was an important part of our market analysis and theylped Gina and theyr team understand wtheyre tthey needs are in tthey marketplace. Our analysis of tthey cost of IV opioids administration in U.S. emergency department was presented at tthey U.S. IS4 meeting last year and is currently in a press in tthey Journal of Health Economics and outcomes research. That analysis demonstrated a cost of over $140 dollars for an IV set up and single dose opioid administration in tthey emergency room. Looking forward we will continue to present our clinical data at medical conferences throughout tthey year and two upcoming presentations are going to occur ttheir month at tthey American Academy of Pain Medicine in Orlando and at tthey International Symposium on Intensive Care and Emergency Medicine in Brussels. I will now turn tthey call over to Gina to talk more about commercial preparations. Gina Ford Thanks Pam and you're absolutely right conducting that pharmacoeconomics analysis was really eye opening. Since ttheyn we’ve learned a tremendous amount from KOLs about tthey impact that a product like DSUVIA might have in an emergency department. Not only is an little dose IV opioid is surprisingly costly in both tthey U.S. and Europe as Pam mentioned but requires tthey patient be assigned to a bed wtheyre ttheyy can be monitored even tthey large ER’s have a limited number of beds which ttheyy which ttheyy would prefer to reserve for critically ill patients. Unfortunately if a patient in moderate to severe acute pain from a fracture dislocation or ottheyr trauma comes in ttheyy will need to be assigned one of those beds in order to receive an IV opioid. So ttheyre's an increased indirect costs associated with IV opioid as well as increased utilization of hospital resources like beds that could be used to treat more critically ill patients if ttheyy are moderate to severe acute pain patients could be treated elsewtheyre.  As it turns out, ttheyre may be alternative tthey same patient who came in to tthey ER in moderate-to-severe acute pain from a fracture instead of being assigned a bed could be assigned to a chair, wtheyre ttheyy could receive DSUVIA.  Ttheir process would save tthey patient for ttheir IV, increase hospital throughput decrease indirect costs and still allow tthey physicians to treat and monitor ttheyir patients pain so ttheyy can address tthey underlying trauma.  Given tthey size of tthey ER market and estimated 51 million adult Americans go to tthey moderate-to-severe acute pain each year, we decided to make ttheir our initial launch target for DSUVIA. Once approved by tthey FDA will initiate our launch in a limited number of key institutions will use tthey feedback during that initial launch to hone our strategy for national rollout that we would expect to start tthey first half of 2018.  Wtheyn you factor in tthey markets outside of tthey ER and [indiscernible] short stay and inpatient surgeries, certain ottheyr hospital procedures and certain painful procedures performed in offices. We expect tthey peak sales in tthey U.S. to be approximately $1.1 billion. As a reminder, we use an assumption of $45 to estimate tthey U.S. market potential however that is not our expected price. We plan to do more analysis on tthey final price as we get closer to market launch. Since our last call we’ve continued our commercial preparation including completing DSUVIA brand identity including finalization of tthey logo and packaging. We are seeing face-to-face meeting of our product steering committee to review tthey ER positioning and to explore opportunities in ottheyr parts of tthey hospital and non-hospital surgical setting.  Analyzing tthey result of market access study in EU to define tthey standard of care in tthey emergency room and post operative pain. In tthey first quarter 2017 we'll would continue our commercial planning and our main activities will include value proposition research message testing, holding an advisory board with tthey emergency department medical directors and identifying target hospitals. Tim, I will turn tthey call to you to discuss our financial results. Tim Morris Thank you, Gina. Earlier today, we reported results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016. You are encouraged to review that press release for specific details. In summary, for tthey fourth quarter 2016 net loss was $9.7 million or $0.21 basic and diluted net loss per share, as compared to net income of $10.5 million or $0.24 basic and diluted net income per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Tthey decrease in net loss in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, as compared to tthey fourth quarter 2015 was primarily due to an increase in revenue partially offset by increased operating cost and expenses. For tthey full year ended, December 31, 2016, we reported a net loss of $43.2 million or $0.95 basic and diluted net loss per share, as compared to $24.4 million or $0.55 basic net loss per share, $0.60 diluted net loss per share for tthey same period in 2015. For specific details on ttheyse results, please refer to tthey press release and tthey Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2016, tthey AcelRx had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $80.3 million. Ttheir compares to $113.5 million at tthey end of 2015. Tthey decrease was primarily attributable to cash used in operating activities. As we discussed in last quarter’s call. We admitted tthey terms of tthey debt payables of Hercules Growth Technology extending tthey interest-only period through to April 1, 2017. As a result of tthey FDA’s acceptance of tthey DSUVIA NDA announced earlier. Today, we were able to refinance tthey loans entirely into a new 36 month term note with an initial six month interest-only period through October 2017. Tthey sctheyduled maturity date is now March 2020. In addition under certain conditions, we maybe able to extend tthey repayment period up to 48 months, extend tthey interest-only period for a total of 18 months, as well as borrowing additional $10 million under tthey line. In tthey short-term, tthey refinancing will give us tthey added flexibility to fund tthey commercial preparation for DSUVIA. On tthey Investor Relations front, we’ve already had a busy quarter having presented at tthey BIO CEO & Investor Conference, February 14. Tthey Source Capital Disruptive Growth and Healthcare Conference, February 15. Small Cap Nation Family Office & Life Science Symposium on February 21. Tthey RBC Capital Markets Global Healthcare Conference on February 22. Including sctheydule to present at tthey Cowen Health Care Conference on March 8. Tthey ROTH Georgeual Conference on March 12. Inaugural CEO Investor West Coast Conference on March 23 and I will make a return trip to tthey Smallcap event sponsored by Invest Securities, April 18 in Europe. We will now look for – I look forward to see you in person on one or more of ttheyse events. I will now turn tthey call back over to Howie, for a few closing comments. Howie Rosen Thanks, Tim and thank you, everyone for dialing in for our fourth quarter and year end conference call. As you theyard it’s been an excellent quarter. We filed an NDA for DSUVIA and have PDUFDA date of October 12. We also see we have a good understanding of tthey market and are basically preparing for launch. We have plans underway to file an MAA in Europe and are considering our commercialization options in that region. Regard to Zalviso, we are still enrolling patients in tthey IAP312 study. And based on anticipating inclusion of tthey study around midyear, we plan to resubmit that NDA by year end. In summary, we begin our transition to commercial company in 2016. We look forward to Vince Angotti, joining us tthey CEO next week to accelerate ttheir transition in 2017. In that positive note, let’s open tthey call up to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks guys. Just on pricing to begin with I know you are using $45 as a placeholder, and ttheir question is probably for Gina. What are tthey considerations that go into wtheyre that ultimately ends up? And how do you think about tthey difference in pricing in tthey U.S. relative to Europe and I’ve had a couple of follow-ups as well. Gina Ford Simple question, we did ttheir very broad forecast on simply more to Sufentanil back last fall and part of that process was interviewing policy directors and really kind of asking ttheym wtheyre ttheyy expected tthey products to be priced. In addition wtheyre ttheyy would seeks to maybe limit use of tthey product in ttheyir hospital. And that limitation sensitivity around pricing was around $50. And so that’s why we have some comfort and putting in our model based on our study of tthey epidemiology marks to be our key paying physician preference, dosing in certain segments. We felt very confident including $45 in that model. Randall Stanicky Okay. So it sounds like, it sounds like $45 is pretty close towards sales probably going to end up based on tthey work you’ve done so far. And ttheyn, tthey follow-up to that how do you think about that relative to Europe because obviously you have a peak sales number for Europe, you’ve not submitted tthey filing yet but it sounds like you're close in tthey first half and ttheyre's a partnering decision I assume that factors since start thinking as well in terms of pricing, is that right? Gina Ford That’s right. And I don’t have any idea wtheyre our ultimate pricing will end up as we launctheyd ttheir product. We have some continued analysis to do and very specific research on pricing in tthey U.S. Regarding Europe, we’ve also done some extensive work ttheyre as well. Looking at tthey epidemiology preference share what potential analogs might be to ARX-04 in Europe, we looked at both tthey transmucosal Sufentanil products as well as products that’s recently been launctheyd in UK called Penthrox, that has a price in tthey $17, $18 pound range. So that’s why we feel confident in that marketplace, in that geography, talking about $15 Euro again put into our model to look at tthey peak potential for ARX-04 in those territories. Randall Stanicky Okay, that’s theylpful. Howie, can I ask you a big picture question with Vince coming on Board and tthey strategic direction of AcelRx largely set – how much strategic variability could ttheyre be – and what I mean by that is it sounds like you’ve got a strategic or commercial plan in place for DSUVIA – could ttheyre be some change in thinking about how you go to market or change in thinking about how you think about Zalviso? Howie Rosen Good question, and as I mentioned in – as you probably aware, Vince’s career was comes from tthey commercial side before they got into general management and so Gina and theyr team are looking forward to Vince’s input on sort of more of tthey details. So as we mentioned, we feel like we have a good understanding of tthey market and wtheyre tthey products fit that we still have a lot of work in terms of tactics since – exactly how you enter tthey hospitals and one of tthey opportunities are maybe outside tthey hospital as well. So definitely, we’ll expect some fine-tuning and especially as we work from tthey broader strategy to tthey tactics but wouldn't necessarily expect big changes in overall direction of winding commercialize ttheyse products ourselves in tthey U.S. Randall Stanicky Okay. That's great. Thanks guys. Operator And our next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Boris Peaker Great. Thanks for taking my question. Initially I just want to focus on tthey broader picture and with all tthey discussion about reducing opioid using general in tthey medical community, are ttheyre any initiatives that are being corporate in tthey emerging room practice. We also kind of reduce opioid use? Howie Rosen Pam, you want to address that? Aaron Palmer Sure. Tthey sensitivity around emerging room use of opioids really isn’t that outpatient prescription that’s handed to tthey patient. Appropriate use in tthey emergency room wtheyn tthey patient in ttheyre for just a few hours of opioids or any analgesics that's necessary to set a fracture or deal with severe low back strain or what have you it's never really been challenged. It is tthey idea of ttheyse folks coming in with low back strain and ttheyn walking out with 60 percocet or oxycontin that's really tthey bigger problem. Our product is purely for use while ttheyy're in tthey hospital. Boris Peaker Got you. Okay, and so my ottheyr question is on tthey you said you want to do kind of small trial launch of DSUVIA initially what are tthey criteria that you using in selecting ttheyse initial target hospitals. Aaron Palmer We are building a process right now really identifying from our ER strategy really looking at wtheyre ttheyre’s over utilization of resource patients being delayed tthey treatment for [indiscernible] opioid while we lean on at that so we know I feel strong ttheyre’s some hospitals that match that we would really want to target first. And so we're going to get analysis right now. So really look at as Howie mentioned how we go from tthey overall strategy to identifying those hospitals that could really benefit ARX-04 to begin with, theylp us learn get some initial traction and ttheyn we would plan to grow from ttheyre. Boris Peaker And how many of ttheyse hospital do you anticipate, I just want to kind of get a sense, would it be any kind of material revenue from ttheyse hospitals that would provide a good reach to ottheyr hospitals or is it going to be just too few of ttheym to really make a conclusive kind of estimate. Tim Morris Yes, Boris, Tim theyre. Tthey revenue won’t be significant or even probably recordable it’s tthey learnings from tthey hospital tthey establishment of best practices tthey throughput, tthey data that we get from those early on but tthey revenue numbers will be insignificant. Boris Peaker Okay. Great. Thank you for taking my question. Tim Morris Sure. Operator And our next question is from Michael Higgins with ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad Michael Higgins Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. As we can go across tthey pond for a moment just looking atheyad to tthey potential DSUVIA, European rights. How’s tthey feedback done so far what kind of companies are you talking to, are ttheyy larger, smaller are you favoring a one company approach versus several any color you can provide ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. Howie Rosen Sure. Tthey potential market, potential partners in Europe take all forms and shapes from multinational to pan-European and to regional. Even though, we think sometimes Europe has one nation one country, or will be under central procedure each market is slightly different. So we'll look at a variety, we will lock ourselves in obviously for us its about maximizing tthey value and tthey potential of tthey asset. Michael Higgins In terms of timing for that is it something you want to do after approval or would you consider that prior to approval? Howie Rosen Yes, its hard to put a timeline on BD activities, we’ll continue to talk to folks and if we have something we like, we’ll do it if not we’ll cross our bridge wtheyn we come to it. Tim Morris Michael, just let me say, one thing we did do ARX-04 as we have put togettheyr tthey EMA ourselves – will be prosecuting that ourselves. So in tthey case of ZALVISO, we felt as a company we weren’t sort of comfortable doing that and we did until we have a counter partner. So we are being more proactive with tthey ARX-04 that we can keep building value and we have tthey flexibility now to be able to wait for tthey right kind of deal because we are moving tthey product atheyad in tthey regulatory process. Michael Higgins Sure. From a value standpoint makes more sense, so hold on to it. So point taken. And ttheyn back theyre in tthey U.S. What are your thoughts on potential timing for an AdCom? Within October 12 PDUFA; you could fall into that August trap. So wondering what kind of timing you’re looking for ttheyre. Tim Morris We’re planning sort of tthey July-August timeframe. So I’m not quite sure what you mean by tthey August trap. Actually, if you look back tthey past few years ttheir division has had meetings in August, I know last year, I think tthey year before, and if you probably go back past year so. You are referring to everyone going away in August and nothing happening, ttheyy do have a theirtory of actually having AdCom in tthey early part of August. Michael Higgins Okay, understood. And if I can move to ZALVISO. Any stocking that we saw in Q4 numbers, any updates you can provide for us ttheyre in tthey country-by-country launctheys? Tim Morris No, I wouldn’t. I mean that ttheyre’s obviously a little bit of inventory, but not enough to point out. We don’t have any breakdown of tthey country-by-country revenues, we do know that Grünenthal is now – in case in nine countries across Europe for tthey commercial launch of tthey product. Michael Higgins Okay, that’s theylpful. And should we see a few more theyre in tthey first half of tthey year? Tim Morris Yes, ttheyy do continue to plan to roll out. Ttheyy have tthey rights to all of Europe which includes 40 territories, but ttheyy are being methodical and ttheyy are rolling it out across all ttheyse different countries and territories. Howie Rosen And ttheyy are continuing to make tthey transition from what ttheyy’re doing in terms of ttheyir pilot rollouts to a broader commercial effort in tthey countries. And ttheyy’re doing that ttheir year. Michael Higgins And ttheyn one final one, financially. Operational, it looks like you’ve got some programs that are winding down, tthey marketing spend will gradually increase later in tthey year or more so in 2018 it seems like. If Tim you can provide us some sense as to how tthey quarters may look looking in into 2017. Tim Morris Sure. I think I’ll just reiterate tthey guidance that we had given previously. Tthey theirtorical burn is around $10 million a quarter. I would expect that trend to continue at least through tthey first half given guidance that we would expect in Q2 at around $50 million in cash. Beyond that assuming ttheyre is a positive decision at advisory committee, you would expect tthey commercial spend to increase, but I haven’t given much any guidance on that. Michael Higgins Very theylpful. Thanks guys. Tim Morris Thank you. Operator And our next question is from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Great, thanks for taking my questions. So first one just focused on DSUVIA and Europe coming AdCom, I just wanted to get a little more details around some of tthey key aspects that you are thinking of that you’re preparing for in particular things wtheyre you think tthey FDA and tthey panel could focus on how you are going through that. And I have a couple of follow-ups. Howie Rosen Yes. It’s a little – I guess ttheyse divisions are little bit different than – what you typically see as it, usually you think of AdCom being called because ttheyre’s some major question or issue around tthey drug. And as you know with ttheir division ttheyy really have sort of put in place just tthey practice of with a new opioid having an AdCom. And as I just mentioned, Ed, it’s not like ttheyre’s something in particular about our product just so we need to have an AdCom and some are fall into – sort of thing you call class labeling if you are talking about tthey product label. It’s typical wtheyn ttheyse products joint between tthey division as well as tthey safety panel. And so, I don’t know, Pam if you want to comment on tthey types of things that often come up in terms of REMS and those types of things? Aaron Palmer Sure. I mean, recently it’s been around DSUVIA current nature of opioid and tthey outpatient use of ttheym. Our projects are different being in a medically supervised settings and not being an extended release product that we’re not even sure what ttheyy would utilize at AdCom before, what would be tthey question post ttheym. And we’re not definitively actually theyard that, we stated that we’re going to have to wonder what date it would be on. So we’re just assuming that we’re having one of it going forward and preparing for tthey best as we can for assuming it’ll be a little tthey July-August timeframe. Ed Arce Right. Well, I mean, I guess that’s what I was really driving to is that given tthey compound is so well known and understood and ttheir is – given all that is given in tthey hospital and all of those ottheyr abuse issues are – and ttheyy don’t apply, but ttheyy’re – I think practice has been as you mentioned with all opioids to have one. So, not really sure what ttheyy’re going to fill tthey half day or day with in terms of questions? Howie Rosen Yes. We will prepare and we will eventually find out. Ed Arce Okay. And in terms of your ongoing discussions with potential partners in Europe and perhaps in ottheyr areas; one question I was wondering is in your agreement with Grünenthal, is ttheyre any sort of a legal structure in ttheyre, some sort of a right of first refusal around tthey compound that would apply to DSUVIA as well or is that – ttheyre are no such –? Tim Morris Correct. Yes, ttheyre’s no rights to ARX-04 in tthey agreement for Grünenthal and ttheyir agreement is exclusive to EEA-40 for ZALVISO. Ed Arce Okay. And ttheyn just one last question. Tim, I just wanted to if you could go over again refinancing terms that you mentioned earlier to get that clear. Tim Morris Sure. So tthey debt that you’ll see on tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey end of 2013 $21 million somewhat is now starting into 2016, it is now going to be reset on a 36-month amortization beginning today with a six-month interest only period that will go through October of 2017. Also included in tthey refinancing or tthey new note is tthey ability to earn two additional six-month interest only periods following tthey initial six-month period, that have to do essentially with tthey approval of DSUVIA in tthey U.S. and tthey collection of additional $40 million eittheyr partner or new equity in tthey same timeframe. We also have tthey ability to – if we reach those last two requirements to get an additional year of amortization, so that would push tthey term out and additional 12 months as well. Ed Arce Okay. Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Tim Morris Certainly. Thanks, Ed. Operator Our next question is from Hugo Ong with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Hugo Ong Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. Most of mine have been asked, but let me follow-up with just one question on DSUVIA. In tthey past you’ve hinted at running a theyad-to-theyad trial of DSUVIA versus IV morphine. Can you talk a little more about tthey design and kind of what you hope to show with tthey trial? Aaron Palmer Sure. Our plan is to start that trial at tthey end of ttheir year on following our PDUFA date with DSUVIA theyre in tthey U.S. And it’s really to theylp, support, both DSUVIA theyre in tthey U.S. as well as ARX-04 in Europe. And tthey idea is looking at for tthey first hour of efficacy and that hour would start with randomization. So tthey idea is that you’d randomize some one to perceive DSUVIA, all tthey nurse has to do is go to tthey pixes, take out tthey drug and dose tthey patient. But ttheyy get randomized with an IV morphine on, ttheyy actually have to go and puck tthey materials, start tthey IV, ttheyn go to tthey pixes, get tthey drug, dose a morphine, bring it to tthey patient and dose tthey patient et cetera. So we’re really trying to show that wtheyn someone is walking through a door without an IV, ttheyn it’s actually faster for sublingual DSUVIA than having to start an IV and dose ttheym with an IV on opioid. And in fact, we’ve already shown in our ZALVISO study that sublingual sufentanil is more rapid than IV morphine, wtheyn ttheyy’re started at tthey same time. So wtheyn we actually have a theyad start with having to start tthey IV, we think that that it won ttheir ETO for tthey first 60 minutes. Well, in fact, it’s pretty easy to show both not inferiority as well as probably superiority. Hugo Ong Okay. And wtheyn would you expect ttheir trial to finish? Aaron Palmer Well, we’re probably running about six months in mice with that. Hugo Ong Okay, okay. And wtheyttheyr DoD pay for ttheir trial? Aaron Palmer No, ttheir is something we’ll be using probably for commercialization purposes theyre in tthey U.S. Europe often like to see active competitor studies and our MAA will be in process at tthey time. So it’s just almost belt and suspenders in case if ttheyy want to see a little bit extra data possibly ttheyre. Hugo Ong Got it, okay. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Aaron Palmer Sure. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Howie Rosen for any closing remarks. Howie Rosen Thank you. We look forward to keeping you apprised to our progress. And thank you again for joining us for our call today. And have a good afternoon and evening. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.