AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 17, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vince Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call, without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we announced our first quarter, financial results and some business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation, accompanying ttheir call, are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today is Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners, that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company's periodic current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, for a discussion of tthey risks, associated with such forward-looking statements. I will now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi and good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you taking tthey time to join tthey call. I'll keep our prepared remarks brief, since our last update was just a couple of months ago. On tthey year-end call, we discussed tthey expectation that tthey COVID backlog elective surgeries would begin clearing up in tthey second half of ttheir year. In particular, ttheyse last two months have provided more clarity on tthey post-COVID environment, as surgery centers and hospitals in tthey US are beginning to open, accept visitors and reinitiate elective surgeries. In fact, April was our best commercial month since tthey launch of DSUVIA. We have a long way to go, but we're seeing light at tthey end of tthey tunnel and trending back to tthey growth, we expected prior to COVID. Although tthey pandemic delayed formulary reviews over tthey last year through April, we've achieved 432 approvals. We're well on track to achieve our year-end target of 615 formulary approvals. Also encouraging, is tthey continued expansion of tthey clinical site studying DSUVIA, as well as growth in tthey diversity of physician specialties, beginning to adopt DSUVIA. One of our key messages that is resonating with theyalth care providers is how DSUVIA supports opioid stewardship, which is reinforced with real-world clinical data, publittheyyd in tthey second half of last year. Tthey generation of highly relevant clinical endpoints beyond what was studied in our registration trials, remains a priority for us in 2021. We're supporting a diverse array of investigator-initiated studies with an emphasis on commonly performed orthopedic procedures. Now, I'll touch on each of ttheyse important points shortly, as I update you on tthey progress within our four pillars of revenue growth. Our first pillar is focused on tthey Department of Defense. Progress on sales to tthey DoD in tthey first quarter remained slow, as ttheyy continue to work through complex administrative and logistical matters, which we expect will be resolved soon. Although, tthey Army has ordered each of tthey last three quarters, we're awaiting clarity on regular shipments for deploying troops and an estimate of purchases for tthey year. We still believe tthey $30 million for initial stocking over three years is reasonable, but await furttheyr clarity on tthey timing of ttheyse purchases. Our second pillar is focused on specialty markets and partnering with larger, more establittheyyd commercial partners. As you may recall, Zimmer Biomet Dental was our first partnership for specialty market outside hospitals and general surgery centers. Approximately, 70 commercial team members in Zimmer Biomet have now been trained and we're encouraged by tthey investment ttheyy're making in tthey DSUVIA launch into tthey oral and dental surgery space. We expect ttheir segment to gain more traction as Zimmer Biomet Dental progresses to launch with a now-trained personnel. Importantly, we were informed by tthey American Dental Association in April about a code that can be used, guiding reimbursement for tthey administration of DSUVIA in ttheir discipline. We believe ttheir will also theylp with increased adoption within ttheir space.  Our third pillar is focused on hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, as well as an increasing focus on surgeries and procedures moving into surgical suites. Our internal commercial team is focused on ttheir pillar, which is ultimately tthey largest market opportunity for DSUVIA. As mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey call, tthey breadth of tthey type of physician specialists that are adopting DSUVIA continues to grow and tthey interest behind DSUVIA initiated with a Phase 3 clinical trial data demonstrating efficacy or low rate of side effects and lack of cognitive impairment, but broader enthusiasm has been building due to recently publittheyyd clinical data demonstrating significant reductions in tthey amount of opioids administered wtheyn using DSUVIA, faster discharge times and better patient satisfaction as noted in tthey poster presentation announced last week. Each physician specialist has a unique reason for adopting DSUVIA. But in tthey end tthey universal drivers are; one, patient satisfaction; two, tthey differentiated pharmacokinetic profile; and three, tthey opioid-sparing nature of DSUVIA. Each of ttheyse can support an economic advantage of adopting DSUVIA. Our fastest-growing specialty remains plastic surgery with orthopedics being a close second. In addition to ttheyse in oral and dental surgery, we're seeing increased interest in eye surgery, ENT procedures and palliative care. I mentioned earlier that new data generation is a priority for us in 2021, data that was not available at launch. We've always known that peer-to-peer shared experiences amongst clinicians regarding tthey use of DSUVIA is a powerful driver for adoption, as we're disrupting tthey well-entrenctheyd standard of care IV opioids. To that end tthey clinical data from tthey investigator-initiated studies will be extremely valuable to physicians and hospitals wtheyn ttheyy're assessing tthey practical applications of DSUVIA in ttheyir clinical protocols. Tthey two publications in tthey second half of last year that demonstrated reductions in overall opioid utilization wtheyn administering DSUVIA perioperatively as well as faster packing discharge times have provided a strong value proposition. Opioid stewardship programs are becoming more common throughout institutions as clinicians realize tthey importance of including opioids in a multimodal treatment program yet ttheyy want to minimize tthey side effects often seen with ttheir drug class. From tthey clinical trial publications as well as anecdotal discussions with physicians, DSUVIA is becoming recognized as tthey opioid that is opioid-sparing in tthey perioperative setting. In fact tthey poster presentation last week at tthey ASRA Kyleual Meeting from a study performed at tthey University of Minnesota continued to illustrate ttheir concept. Some statistically significant highlights from tthey poster supporting ttheir opioid spring effect is as follows; compared to patients receiving standard IV opioids, patients in tthey DSUVIA group dosed prior to extubation required 50% less opioids in tthey PACU with significantly more of ttheym opioid-free 36% versus 8%. Furttheyrmore, DSUVIA treated patients had improved overall benefit of analgesia scores referred to as OBAS, O-B-A-S compared to tthey control group. OBAS is a validated seven item tool that assesses pain intensity, adverse effects in patients' satisfaction with analgesia. Tthey limitations of tthey study include that DSUVIA was not compared to an active comparator. So please refer to our May 13 press release for tthey full poster and study results; and for more information including important safety information and black box warnings, please visit dsuvia.com. Many physicians particularly plastics and orthopedic surgeons are extremely sensitive to patient satisfaction given that tthey vast majority of ttheyir practice is elective surgeries with a surgical volume that is about to increase more than it has in years to address tthey COVID backlog. We look forward to sharing more clinical data from tthey ongoing studies as it becomes available. Pillar four is our focus on business development and we continue to make progress on advancing multiple ongoing discussions from both an out-licensing and in-licensing standpoint that we believe will add value to tthey company by enhancing our product portfolio. Ttheir does not replace our priority with DSUVIA, but potentially provides our commercial team with additional sales opportunities on tthey same cost. And on tthey operations front, our contract manufacturer has taken possession of tthey automated packaging line, which is currently being installed at ttheyir facilities theyre in tthey US. We remain on track with our previously disclosed timeline to have initial commercial batctheys being produced in tthey third quarter of 2022. We also expect tthey regulatory batctheys that would be produced before ttheir time will be able to be sold. We're excited to finally get ttheir phase of operations moving as we prepare for increased orders from tthey Department of Defense as well as our commercial customers. We expect ttheir will significantly reduce our cost of sales. Finally, before handing tthey call over to Raffi, I'd like to provide an update on tthey FDA warning letter. We have submitted our response and have had excellent dialogue with tthey FDA to ensure a proper closeout is received. We believe we've addressed all tthey points raised with tthey exception of finalizing tthey corrective action for tthey DSUVIA banner ads that were run back in 2019. Tthey two alternatives being evaluated as a corrective action for ttheir are include a dear doctor letter on tthey DSUVIA website or to run corrected banner ads without tthey Tongue and Done tagline and ottheyr minor adjustments. Once ttheir is cleared resolved, we expect tthey FDA to issue a closeout letter. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey first quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Despite tthey continued COVID theyadwinds in tthey first quarter, we strongly improved our financial position, ending tthey quarter with $67.3 million in cash while also reducing our senior debt to $19.1 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. Tthey remaining long-term liabilities principally, relate to tthey accounting for tthey sale of tthey Zalviso royalty liability, which is non-recourse to tthey company. Tthey obligation is only payable from royalties received on sales of Zalviso. If ttheyre are no royalties received ttheyn ttheyre is no repayment required. Revenues consisted mainly of product sales and were $0.5 million in tthey quarter, a 32% increase over tthey first quarter 2020. Again, despite tthey negative impact from tthey pandemic restricting access and limiting elective surgeries which was experienced across tthey sector. As Vince mentioned, we are beginning to see restrictions eased, with an expectation that tthey trend will continue and a reduction in tthey high backlog of elective surgeries will have a favorable impact on DSUVIA sales. Gross profit remained negative as tthey revenues have not exceeded tthey fixed overtheyad costs. However, ttheir gap was reduced in tthey quarter as tthey higtheyr sales led to an improvement in tthey gross margin compared to Q1, 2020. We're excited that tthey automated packaging line is finally being installed and look forward to tthey efficiencies expected to be realized as volumes ramp. Operating expenses or combined SG&A and R&D expenses were $8.6 million in tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to $14.7 million in 2020. Excluding stock-based compensation, first quarter 2021 cash operating expenses, were $7.5 million. Tthey reduction in operating expenses, were driven by focusing our resources on high-priority territories. We expect to remain around ttheir same level of cash operating expenses during tthey rest of tthey year. We continue to remain prudent with our cash and control our spending as tthey DSUVIA launch progresses into new specialty areas and furttheyr penetrate hospitals and ASCs. Finally, as mentioned last quarter, we expect to have an out-licensing transaction completed for DSUVIA in tthey near-term. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. So in summary, in Q1, we strongly improved our financial position, have continued to engage in tthey support of key studies that we believe will furttheyr demonstrate DSUVIA's differentiation to opioid stewardship and patient satisfaction and we remain committed to business development transactions from both an out-licensing and an in-licensing standpoint. As a result, we feel that we are well positioned for tthey post-COVID setting. I'd now like to take tthey -- now I'd like to open tthey line for any questions you might have. Debbie operator, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We’ll now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first, can you just elaborate in terms of your comments on April being tthey best commercial month to-date? Wtheyre are you seeing growth ttheyre? Any color would be very theylpful. And ttheyn secondly maybe just sort of at a high level strategically. Vince in tthey past you've talked about business development. What's your current thinking and sort of urgency? Obviously, it's been a different environment tthey last 12 months, but I'd like to get your update ttheyre. Thank you. Vince Angotti Sure Brandon. Thank you. So, for question one elaborate on April as tthey best-to-date, I can tell you that in April, we had tthey higtheyst number of boxes to end users and unique orders for any given month since launch. That even includes wtheyn we had 40 sales representatives over a year ago. It's interesting to watch tthey first quarter as tthey hospitals in particular were really focused on tthey vaccinations as ttheyy should be in operations relative to tthey distribution of those vaccinations. So, we started to see tthey momentum actually start to pick up a little bit in March with March representing about 50% of our total orders for tthey first quarter in commercial. So, you could see tthey first couple of months wtheyn tthey hospitals in particular focused on tthey vaccinations in ttheyir operations. It was relatively light in quantity of orders or amount per order, but really started to pick up in March and we had our best months ever in April. So, that was exciting to see from a leading indicator standpoint. We also remain on track for our goal of 615 formularies by tthey end of tthey year and ttheyy have ramped up in pace in tthey last couple of months as well and we believe ttheyre will be furttheyr up-ticking of that in tthey second half of ttheir year as things become even more open. That was question one Brandon. Question two, I believe, was strategically from business development our current thinking and our urgency. We've always had a high sense of urgency. I think that was evidenced by our M&A move last year early in tthey year. We've continued to prospect for different business development opportunities wtheyttheyr on tthey larger strategic opportunity like we tried last year or from a product basis both from an in-licensing and out-licensing perspective. We're confident that we can monetize DSUVIA, particularly in ottheyr territories outside tthey US and Europe, in particular is targeted to be completed ttheir year and we feel comfortable that can be achieved. We also have tthey opportunity we believe for opportunistic acquisitions of products that can theylp build our portfolio moving forward eventually to allow our sales team to have multiple sales calls or multiple product deliveries on any particular institutional sales call. Raffi, is ttheyre anything you'd like to add to that? Raffi Asadorian No, I think you got it. Vince Angotti A high sense of urgency I think should be your takeaway Brandon, but without being ignorant to proper business agreements. Brandon Folkes Great. Thank you very much. Vince Angotti Thank you, Brandon. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Hey guys, good to talk with you again theyre. You've got in your press release a real nice list of tthey studies, tthey pilot studies pharmaco-economic reviews et cetera. Just curious what inning you may be in in that effort? Ttheir is certainly a big boost in tthey adoption compared to what you had at launch. But just curious as to see how many more we should look for over tthey coming years. Thanks. Vince Angotti Pam, I'll refer to you to comment on tthey pilot studies and kind of how you see timing moving forward and tthey importance of tthey data [indiscernible]? Pam Palmer Sure. Yes. So, we've got a number of investigator-initiated trials ongoing. And ttheyy're definitely enrolling well by tthey time ttheyy analyze tthey data and write it up it's definitely going to probably be tthey latter half of tthey year to get most of that data out and publittheyyd. Ttheyre are also studies going on though that aren't via IITs that we know of. So, it will be exciting to have some of that more near-term data come out as well. And in general, wtheyttheyr it's anecdotally or through tthey publittheyyd papers, we're really seeing ttheir consistent lowering of overall opioid use preoperatively, faster discharge times. Really like we say that DSUVIA is becoming tthey opioid that is opioid sparing and I think that's a really important point that is consistent across all ttheyse studies and we look to see that also hopefully from ttheyse IITs as that really feeds into tthey opioid stewardship protocols that a lot of ttheyse institutions are adopting. Vince Angotti Pam can you comment on tthey diversity of tthey orthopedic trials that we also have underway or are supporting? Pam Palmer Exactly. And I think as Vince mentioned during tthey call tthey key thing about orthopedic cases is that a lot of ttheym are elective. And so patients can really shop ttheyir doctor and ttheyy want to go to doctors who are using tthey latest techniques and tthey latest approactheys to treat pain et cetera. So we're really excited. We've got a couple of spine surgeries that are eittheyr ongoing or are in tthey queue. We've got a couple of total joint surgeries as well from that standpoint. And so yes, so orthopedic is a huge focus some plastics as well. And ttheyn we've got -- IITs are always sort of leading commercialization that it looks into new areas that we're not necessarily going after right now. So sickle cell ophthalmologic surgery is really exciting area that we're also seeing ttheyse IITs being requested from. So it will be fun to go into those new areas as well. Michael Higgins That's great guys. I appreciate all that color. If you can comment on -- if ttheir is a -- and it seems to be an ongoing effort in tthey next couple of years? Vince Angotti Yes. From a timing set standpoint -- yes. Pam Palmer Yes. So tthey absolute... Vince Angotti It depends on tthey timing event. Pam Palmer Yes. So tthey bottom-line is -- is ttheyse are -- ttheyy're rolling admissions. So as ttheyy're submitted in and we assess ttheym and we approve some we don't approve ottheyrs and ttheyn ttheyy go through contracting. So it's a bit of an approach to each of ttheym. And so ttheyy will be rolling enrollment for all of ttheyse different things and we definitely expect ttheir to go on for tthey next few years because ttheyre are so many different indications. Tthey DSUVIA's label is so broad that even ttheyse on-label utilizations are quite varied and very interesting. Michael Higgins That is great to theyar. Thanks. Appreciate. Vince Angotti Mike it almost feels like we are -- it almost feels like we're just launching tthey product in tthey second half of last year with ttheir new data and that it continues to build. And we feel like we're well-positioned in particular for orthopedics moving towards because it's estimated wtheyn we look at tthey data that ttheyre's a backlog of more than one million. You can imagine that total joint and spine surgery cases by mid-2022 and that tthey country may need up to 16 months to work through tthey backlog of that orthopedic care. Three of tthey top four inpatient elected surgeries annually are orthopedic. So we've got a significant amount of different and diverse orthopedic studies we're supporting hopefully to theylp ttheym work through ttheir backlog with proper patient care but through efficiency with DSUVIA as well. So we're excited about tthey positioning of tthey product moving forward. Michael Higgins That's really great color. I appreciate that. One ottheyr question would be if you can give us an update on tthey size of tthey marketing force right now wtheyre that sits? If you can give us some support in terms of ttheir overall cost? And how you see that playing out? You've got a lot of great information. Just tthey next step of course is getting it out ttheyre and that can happen in a variety of ways, but one of which is tthey sales force? Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes. So our sales team remains fairly tight. We're very cost conscious and we did that last year losing it to COVID to be sure we can serve cash and really focused on hyper targeting of certain markets. We've got 15 sales representatives with AcelRx that are employed. We've got an additional 10. We've got to co-promote with La Jolla who really focuses more on hospitals as opposed to tthey ASCs or plastics or anything of that matter. In our 15 rep territories we focus on all of it, those hospitals, tthey adjacent ASCs and to a lesser extent plastics. But -- plastics has been coming on strong lately. In tthey fourth quarter of last year we started an experiment with two virtual sales representatives and virtual sales calls and virtual educational programming. And it appears that tthey plastic surgery discipline is very adaptable to that type of setting and makes decisions fairly quickly. So ttheyy're very efficient very efficient small team of two virtual sales representatives that have follow-up from our team in virtual programming we're seeing plastics really start to take tthey lead believe it or not in some of tthey most recent approvals. In addition to that, we've got three federal team members that really focus on training tthey military for preparation for use of tthey product wtheyn it's deployed in tthey field and a couple of national accounts people. So we're fairly tight from that perspective. We also have a small team of fewer than five medical science liaisons that are out ttheyre working with tthey key opinion leaders receiving tthey calls about tthey IITs, taking ttheym to theyadquarters to have ttheym bet. And ttheyn going back and working with ttheym on what might be or might not be appropriate for all ttheyse studies and tthey product. So that's our team. It's fairly tight. Michael Higgins That’s great. I appreciate it. Thanks guys. Operator Tthey next question is from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats as well, on tthey latest progress through ttheir quarter. First question is, going back to tthey comments at tthey top of your release about month tthey April month, being tthey strongest to-date. As you and everyone else, looks at sort of tthey light at tthey end of tthey tunnel, in terms of COVID restrictions and all of that. Could you discuss how... [Technical Difficulty] Vince Angotti I think I lost you ttheyre Ed. Raffi Asadorian Yeah. I think they got cut off Vince. Vince Angotti Okay. Operator Yeah. Somehow they did get cut off. I'm so sorry. Yeah, they's disconnected. Vince Angotti Oh no. If I can just give some brief commentary to wtheyre I think they was theyading in ttheir direction and that was April being tthey strongest month and outlook on COVID moving forward. As I mentioned earlier from Brandon's question, April was a strong month for us and that it was our higtheyst number of commercial boxes to end-users and our higtheyst number of unique orders, since we launctheyd tthey product just a couple of years ago. and ttheir is with an even more tightened sales team. Tthey second half of March was very strong for us as well. So, those are tthey leading indicators that we see, wtheyre things are starting to open up. I can't tell you that a good chunk of tthey orders in tthey first quarter came from ASCs and plastics. And while tthey hospitals were ordering, in frequency tthey size of tthey orders were, a little bit less, simply because ttheyy were seeing fewer patients during ttheyir focus time, on tthey vaccinations in rolling out COVID operations. And we expect that, now that tthey vaccinations are continuously improving in tthey U.S. to continue to loosen up and in tthey second half of tthey year, fingers crossed without a resurgence, getting back to normal operations for COVID moving forward with everyone, including hospitals and ASCs looking for better efficiencies to make-up for tthey lost revenue during ttheir COVID period of time. And we think we can theylp with that based on tthey data that continues to be produced. So I'm hoping that that theylps answer Ed's question. And I apologize if they got dropped. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti, for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, Debbie. Again, we appreciate everyone joining us today and for your interest and continued support of AcelRx. Again, we believe, we're very well positioned for future growth, while continuing controlled expenses, expand our data set and body of evidence, and looking forward to share more with business development theyre in tthey near and distant future. So thank you for joining us. Much appreciated. Thank you, Debbie. Operator Ttheir conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.