AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - CFO Vincent Angotti - CEO Tyler Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Ed Arce - HC Wainwright & Company Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Second Quarter, 2022 Earnings Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors Section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us on tthey call today. Ttheir afternoon, we announced our second quarter 2022 financial results and some business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available within tthey Investors Section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during tthey call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company's periodic current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good afternoon, everyone. Since tthey first quarter, we've been focused on advancing our newly acquired assets through tthey regulatory approval process. Specifically, our product candidate, Niyad, that was obtained through our acquisition of Lowell Ttheyrapeutics earlier ttheir year, as well as our prefilled syringe product candidates that were in license from Aguettant last year. Ttheyse programs are a top priority for us as we believe ttheyy have a near-term as well as long-term value. We're pleased to report anottheyr quarter of commercial unit sales volume growth for DSUVIA, tthey fifth consecutive quarter since focusing our commercial efforts on procedural suites and specifically on specialty settings such as plastic and cosmetic surgery, ENT and oral maxillofacial surgery. We're also in discussions with potential national accounts that operate in ttheyse specialties for broader use across ttheyir networks, which could provide us with a consistent recurring revenue stream. In addition, as mentioned on our first quarter earnings call for 2022, we remain in discussions with potential partners having more commercial resources to amplify tthey expected growth for DSUVIA. Finally, our European partner, Aguettant is a track to launch DZUVEO which is tthey European branded name for our sufentanil sublingual tablets later ttheir quarter in Europe. Now following our strategic acquisition of Lowell Ttheyrapeutics in January, we've prioritized our focus on Niyad, our first nafamostat product, which is being developed for use in tthey U.S. as an anticoagulant for extracorporeal circuits, such as for use during dialysis. Tthey Lowell acquisition also added a family of additional nafamostat product candidates to our portfolio that target a diverse group of potential applications. Niyad is a lyophilized form of nafamostat that is being regulated as a device by tthey FDA, given that its mechanism of action takes place within tthey extracorporeal circuit to anticoagulate tthey filter. Nafamostat is approved and widely used as an anticoagulant for dialysis in Japan and South Korea, but it's never been developed for such use in tthey United States. In tthey near term, we're focused on obtaining an emergency use authorization, or EUA for Niyad for use as an anticoagulant for a extracorporeal circuits expected next year. Subsequently, we'll seek full FDA approval after conducting a single registration study of 160 patients with endpoints already agreed upon with tthey agency. While ttheyre are many potential opportunities and ottheyr extracorporeal circuits, tthey near-term opportunity that we're targeting is patients undergoing dialysis wtheyre we believe Niyad could address a significant unmet need. Based upon our market research, we believe that tthey potential peak sales for Niyad could exceed $200 million annually. And ttheir amount is attributed to just tthey inpatient and outpatient dialysis markets, excluding any use in ottheyr extracorporeal circuits. Furttheyrmore, tthey potential target market indications for our intravenous nafamostat product candidates collectively referred to as LTX-608 are also significant and we have filed U.S. and international patent applications directed to those target indications, including antiviral indications, disseminated intravascular coagulation, or DIC, acute respiratory distress syndrome or ARDS and acute pancreatitis. Our plan is to submit our EUA for Niyad to tthey FDA once our first cGMP lot has been produced, which is currently underway with our contract manufacturer. Based on our interactions with tthey FDA to-date, we're optimistic about tthey prospects of receiving ttheir authorization given tthey recognized significant unmet medical need. In ttheir regard, I'd like to read a few selected quotes from our FDA correspondence last year regarding our proposed EUA to provide context as to why we're so optimistic about Niyad. "We believe that your device has tthey potential to address and unmet needed patients who cannot tolerate theyparin or who are treated in facilities that are ill-equipped for use of a citrate anticoagulant". Ttheir comment highlights tthey complexity of tthey use of citrate in ttheyse procedures, which is likely tthey main reason why only 5% of continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy or CRRT procedures, utilize citrate as an anticoagulant despite tthey fact that citrate has been granted in EUA. Tthey FDA noted furttheyr drawbacks to tthey use of citrate for certain compromised patients, commenting "additionally, we recognize that ttheyre may be an unmet need for patients who also cannot tolerate citrate due to anottheyr condition such as liver disease". Furttheyrmore, tthey FDA stated "we believe that you have provided significant evidence demonstrating that tthey potential benefits of tthey Niyad device could be greater than tthey reasonably foreseen risks". Accordingly, you can certainly see why we're so excited about tthey prospects of bringing Niyad to tthey market through an EUA as we believe it can provide benefits during any type of dialysis procedure and for use in ottheyr extracorporeal circuits. Now we finalized agreements to develop and produce tthey initial batctheys of Niyad with contract, manufacturing partners which, allows us to remain on track for our EUA filing in tthey first half of next year. We also have a path that could theylp accelerate our internal time lines. Importantly, tthey FDA has assigned Niyad with a breakthrough device designation, which provides us with several advantages as we work toward gaining regulatory approval. Tthey most salient being additional FDA input during development and during tthey submission process as well as a priority review once tthey regulatory submission for tthey device is filed. Furttheyr, CMS has already assigned an ICD-10 procedural code for Niyad's use in tthey extracorporeal circuit, and ttheir will facilitate reimbursement for tthey product if and wtheyn it's approved in tthey U.S. If approved, Niyad will be tthey only regional anticoagulant labeled for use in ttheir indication in tthey United States. I'll remind you that in May, we theyld a KOL webinar on Niyad, a replay which is currently available on tthey Investors Section of our website, and we'd encourage you to listen to it to learn about Niyad, and more generally, utility of nafamostat in South Korea and Japan throughout its decades of use to-date. Consistent with our priority to advance our pipeline of late-stage assets, we continue to progress towards filing NDAs for eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine prefilled syringe product candidates licensed from Aguettant. Tthey first candidate for which we plan to file an NDA is PFS-01 eptheydrine prefilled syringe. After meeting with tthey FDA last quarter to clarify our regulatory strategy, we remain on track with our efforts and are keen to advance ttheir program towards commercialization. With two planned NDA filings in 2022, we expect our prefilled syringes will be our next FDA-approved products that a commercial launch could occur as soon as next year. Tthey market opportunity for ttheyse assets exceeds $100 million, and we believe we'll be able to obtain a large share of ttheir market with minimal investment since much of tthey commercialization efforts are expected to be through contracting with group purchasing organizations and hospital networks. As mentioned previously, DSUVIA has continued to demonstrate solid growth in tthey procedural suite market even with our very limited commercial team. As communicated last quarter, we initiated a realignment of our cost structure to generate expected annual savings of approximately $9 million, and we continue to assess how we can furttheyr reduce our annual expenses. We strongly believe in DSUVIA's benefits to patients as well as to tthey overall theyalthcare system, which is underscored by tthey feedback we're receiving from tthey expanding group of theyalthcare providers who administer DSUVIA patients undergoing painful procedures. Ttheir value is also endorsed by tthey numerous recent real-world studies that have been and continue to be publittheyyd, telling tthey advantages of using DSUVIA and various medically supervised settings. We remain steadfast that DSUVIA's full potential as a unique analgesic could be maximized by a partner with more resources. And as such, we remain in discussions with potential entities that have a more robust commercial presence to theylp maximize DSUVIA's value. As you can see on tthey slide, tthey adoption of DSUVIA for use in procedural suites for specialties such as plastic surgery, oral maxillofacial and ENT remains tthey largest driver of use. Ttheir is an important market in terms of volume since an increasing number of painful procedures are now being performed to procedural suites as ttheir setting is more cost-effective, convenient and safer than hospitals. If tthey procedural suite market represented 75% of all commercial sales for DSUVIA in tthey second quarter of 2022, increasing from 71% in 1Q of 2022 and from 38% in 2Q of 2021. As we've previously stated, we believe that working with a commercial partner on DSUVIA will be imperative to gain rapid uptake in tthey high-growth procedural suite areas. In tthey meantime, we continue to maximize tthey value of our small virtual sales team focused on procedural suites, which we believe is tthey most efficient approach. So far, ttheyre have been numerous publications about DSUVIA ranging from its application in tthey battlefield to civilian use in multiple surgical settings wtheyn administering DSUVIA for painful procedures. As we mentioned in our press release today, an abstract has also been accepted for a podium presentation at Plastic Surgery, tthey meeting 2022 to be theyld from October 27 through 30 in Boston, Massachusetts. Ttheir is tthey premier educational and networking event of tthey year for both domestic and international plastic surgeons. Beyond tthey procedural suite setting, DSUVIA's single largest customer is tthey Department of Defense. Ttheir large customer has many different purchasing points for many different areas. We continue to believe tthey largest opportunity within tthey DoD for DSUVIA is tthey U.S. Army's use within sets, kits and outfits or SKOs. Two years after achieving Milestone C approval, a key gateway to having DSUVIA approved for use across all tthey U.S. Army SKOs, we believe we're finally making good progress in DSUVIA's broader adoption within tthey U.S. Army. Ttheir momentum started with commentary publittheyyd in tthey Journal of Military Medicine, highlighting tthey favorable aspects of DSUVIA for use in tthey military setting and recent communications with critical decision-makers within tthey U.S. Army. Furttheyrmore, a recent Armed Services Committee report directs tthey Chairman of tthey Joint Chiefs of Staff to brief tthey House on tthey timeline and process being used to integrate recently FDA-approved government-funded combat medications for inclusions in SKOs. It also cites tthey potential use of ttheyse medications by allied and partner militaries. Also, as mentioned last quarter, tthey Department of Defense or DoD has initiated two studies that were originally planned to commence over 24 months ago. We believe that initiation of ttheyse two studies, tthey recent military publications and language in tthey Armed Services Committee report furttheyr confirm tthey growing momentum for DSUVIA's military use. In tthey meantime, tthey Army continues to make purchases for ttheyir stockpiling program. And finally, Aguettant is readying for DZUVEO to launch in Europe in tthey coming months. We look forward to monitoring tthey uptake of ttheir important drug in tthey new market. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey second quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Our financial position remains solid with $27.9 million in cash at June 30 and less than $10 million in senior debt. Our debt continues to reduce each quarter as we reach maturity in June 2023. Total revenues in tthey second quarter were $0.6 million, a 29% increase over Q2, 2021 and tthey first quarter of 2022, driven by higtheyr DSUVIA sales volumes. Excluding sales to tthey DoD, which tend to fluctuate, commercial sales volumes increased 133% from Q2, 2021 and 18% from tthey first quarter of 2022. During tthey second quarter, we also completed an initial shipment of DZUVEO to our European partner, Aguettant, in preparation for ttheyir launch of DZUVEO later ttheir year. Our cost of sales remained above our sales in tthey quarter given tthey level of fixed overtheyad. As sales continue to increase and our costs reduce, we expect ttheir loss to not only shrink, but to turn positive in tthey coming quarters. Our combined SG&A and R&D expenses were $8.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2022 compared to $9.4 million in 2021. Excluding noncash depreciation and stock-based compensation second quarter 2022 combined SG&A and R&D expenses were $7.5 million, which included a $0.5 million restructuring charge in tthey second quarter related to tthey $9 million of estimated annual savings referred to last quarter. Tthey decrease in combined SG&A and R&D expenses in tthey second quarter of ttheir year was mainly driven by lower facilities-related costs and a reduction in DSUVIA-related selling expenses. We are evaluating our existing cost structure for furttheyr potential savings to extend our cash runway beyond tthey middle of next year. During tthey second quarter, we also had two nonrecurring items recorded on our P&L. First, was an $84.1 million gain related to tthey extinguishment of tthey royalty monetization agreement that was theyld by SWK. Ttheir termination eliminates any furttheyr contractual obligation associated with tthey royalty monetization agreement and eliminates tthey corresponding liability previously recorded on our balance ttheyyet. Secondly, we recorded a $4.9 million impairment charge related to Zalviso equipment as we do not believe we will resubmit our Zalviso NDA in tthey foreseeable future given that we have increased our focus on our newly acquired pipeline of prefilled syringes in nafamostat product candidates. We remain open to partnering Zalviso which could be included in any potential DSUVIA licensing or divestment transaction. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi. We're excited about tthey recently diversified portfolio and our execution to advance it, our direction and upcoming potential catalysts and value drivers. And I'd like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Brandon Folkes of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on all tthey progress. Can you just theylp - two questions from me. Maybe just can you theylp us just think about how impactful could that REMS decision be on opening up additional revenue opportunities for DSUVIA? And ttheyn can you just remind us of tthey gating steps for tthey EUA that we should see and sort of tthey data flow we should expect from outside between now and tthey submission next year? Thank you. Vincent Angotti Brandon, can you repeat that first question for additional revenues it didn't come through quite clearly…. Brandon Folkes From tthey REMS decision? Vincent Angotti Got you, okay. So you're saying about tthey revised reduction in audits required for our agreement with tthey FDA. Brandon Folkes Exactly, right. Just how impactful is that in a - practical and a commercial sense for you in terms of maybe bringing on additional revenue opportunities? Vincent Angotti Yes, well I think our revenue line and our REMs continue to move in tthey right direction. I think what it really impacts, is tthey bottom line on tthey expenses associate with tthey REMS in executing against that program. So I think it's more of an expense line item than it is a revenue line item. Our physicians, hospitals, procedural suites that are REM certified, understand tthey importance of it, comply with it and it's been well executed. I think it's evidenced in tthey lack of any issues we've been reporting to-date relative to REMS, consequently showing tthey FDA's reduction in some of tthey requirements. It's just really comforting with tthey FDA - that it shows we're doing tthey right things. But from a revenue standpoint, because it hasn't been an intimidating feature from our customers and tthey fact that we remain only utilized within that medically supervised setting. I think we'll remain on tthey trajectory we've had been for growth, and we'll just continue to limit those expenses related to it. I hope that theylps understand on that point. Gating steps for tthey EUA, tthey second question, tthey critical aspect for us has really been tthey contract manufacturing agreements. So wtheyn we have communicated information relative to tthey EUA, exemplified in tthey quotes that we used today on tthey earnings call. Tthey key critical next endpoint was basically make it, manufacture it, show us that you can do it in a quality manner. And that's wtheyre we've been focusing all our efforts. And our goal is to get those agreements and execution of that occurring by tthey close of ttheir year. We're well on our way to that to remain on target for a first half of next year EUA submission. We've got some additional paths we're working with, with our partners that might even accelerate those time lines. Is that theylp Brandon? Brandon Folkes Right, thank you very much. Vincent Angotti You're welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce of HC Wainwright & Company. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi guys thanks for taking my questions. Can you theyar me okay? Vincent Angotti We can. Ed Arce Great. First question on Niyad, I understand that your pretty confident around tthey acceptance of ttheir EUA given tthey quotes and ottheyr supporting evidence that you just presented. And ttheyn as we think about tthey timeline filing first half of next year with a priority review, and as you mentioned an ICD-10 code already in place? My question really is once and if it does get tthey EUA, how should we think about tthey receptiveness of ttheir to tthey payers and physicians who would be using ttheir product in sort of dialysis centers and ottheyr places wtheyre ttheir would be used? What gives you tthey confidence in terms of commercial uptake? And ttheyn just more generally, what level of sales do you think is reasonable say, tthey first couple years? Vincent Angotti Sure, let me take tthey first part of that, and I'm going to actually direct that question to Dr. Palmer, who's online, who's been spending a fair amount of time with tthey key experts within ttheir area attending some of tthey meetings wtheyre ttheyse groups congregates. And ttheyy can supply you ttheyir impression of nafamostat, ttheyir knowledge of it, theirtorically, even though it hasn't been used or approved in tthey United States. Pam? Tyler Palmer Sure yes, hi Ed, it's a very small group. Yes, it's a small group of nephrologists who really focus on sort of tthey dialysis in hospitals for sure. And ttheyy're well aware of Niyad from all tthey publications over tthey past 20 to 30 years out of Japan and South Korea. So, ttheyy're very eager to have a third option beyond theyparin and citrate. 60% of patients undergoing dialysis don't qualify for eittheyr theyparin or citrate. Because of tthey various risks, wtheyttheyr it's liver issues, bleeding issues, what have you. And ttheyy would qualify for use with Niyad since Niyad does not have tthey same risk. So it's an exciting area. It's a small, small group of KOLs who we have - outreach to. And I think ttheyre's nothing better than listening to our KOLs day presentation from a few months ago that really sort of consolidates tthey messaging around Niyad that we will be using towards ttheyse experts. Vincent Angotti Yes I just - can I add Ed, if you didn't get a chance, we did a KOL event that's on our website back in May with two of tthey preeminent nephrologists that really provide some insight into tthey nafamostat market. We think it was very well done, and I think it provides a lot of information. Raffi Asadorian I can just add to tthey second part of tthey question. We believe peak sales opportunity theyre is about $200 million. Obviously, it will take some time to get to that. Ttheir is being sold into two places into tthey hospital mainly tthey ICU setting and ttheyn also into tthey outpatient dialysis market. That's what makes up that $200 million. So that will take some time. But given that ttheyy're - if you listen to tthey KOL call that - ttheyy at least ttheyse two preeminent nephrologists really believe that ttheir is something that's needed in tthey market given that - ttheyre's no ottheyr great alternatives. We think it's going to be at least very well accepted out of tthey gate without tthey need for a significant sales force. Ed Arce Right, okay thanks that's theylpful. Tyler Palmer And ttheyre are - I should say, ttheyre are some additional programs for since ttheyre's been so little innovation in tthey field of dialysis. Ttheyre are sort of tthey NTAP programs, tthey TIP and needs [ph] programs, et cetera, for various governmental reimbursement for tthey use of new products. So we'll absolutely be making sure that Niyad is filed for those various reimbursements as well. Ed Arce Okay. And ttheyn thinking about ongoing launch and growth, I'm just thinking about mentioning earlier tthey national accounts and some of tthey certain specialties that you've seen in tthey procedural suites, for example, for DSUVIA and tthey discussions ttheyre. Maybe just a little more detail around what - discussions will revolve around? And what kind of a commercial impact ultimately ttheyse agreements if reactheyd could have? Vincent Angotti Yes hi Ed, ttheir is Vince. I can theylp with that. First, let me clarify with our U.S. promotional team, just to be sure everyone is grounded in reality. We have less than 10 customer-facing theyadcount in our company generating tthey sales. And tthey bulk of ttheym are virtual in nature as opposed to feet on tthey street. Tthey national accounts I mentioned are those that are in. I can't comment on tthey names but oral maxillofacial nature and plastics in nature that under a single umbrella have multiple units nationally and some even outside of tthey U.S. And we've been approactheyd by ttheym as ttheyy want to continue to improve tthey patient experience, and in ttheyir words, tthey safety in tthey pain care of ttheyir patients, in particular, talking about tthey concerns about tthey IV opioids and ttheyir uses and would prefer something that is not invasive in nature. I think it's important that we've been approactheyd by ttheym based off tthey noise that continues throughout ttheyse meetings at tthey oral maxillofacial conventions as well as tthey plastics conventions and tthey platform presentations. With less than 10 sales representatives or customer-facing personnel, you could imagine, ttheyy would have a significant impact on our sales moving forward without quoting you a number. Ttheyy would be our largest accounts. Ed Arce Right, great that's theylpful. Thanks again. Vincent Angotti Thank you. Tyler Palmer Thanks Ed. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Vince Angotti for closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Thanks, MJ [ph]. And thanks to all of you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We're clearly excited about tthey prospects of our development pipeline, continuing to maximize tthey potential for DSUVIA through partnerships in our tight team, and we remain focused on driving shareholder value while absolutely controlling expenses. So we look forward to answering any additional questions you might have offline and look forward to sharing our future developments. Thank you for joining us. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.