AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call March 7, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Timothy Morris - CFO Howie Rosen - Interim CEO Pam Palmer - Co-Founder, Chief Medical Officer Gina Ford - VP of Commercial Strategy Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Hugo Ong - Jefferies Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Bruceual 2015 Financial Results Conference Call Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference call over to Timothy Morris, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Morris, tthey floor is yours sir. Timothy Morris Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. On ttheir call I’m joined by Howie Rosen, Interim Chief Executive Officer; Pam Palmer, our Co-Founder and our Chief Medical Officer; and Gina Ford our VP of Commercial Strategy. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements relating to tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates including tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of ARX-04 and Zalviso. Anticipated results and completion of tthey SAP302 and SAP303 studies for ARX-04, timing for initiation and completion along with anticipated results of IAP312 for Zalviso, launctheyd timing and commercial availability for Zalviso Europe, anticipated resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA including tthey scope and timing of resubmission and tthey cash guidance for tthey year. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx’s current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx’s actual results and tthey timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including ARX-04 and Zalviso. Our ability to successfully design and complete tthey additional clinical study requested by tthey FDA to support tthey resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA, our ability to timely resubmit tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA and to receive regulatory approval for Zalviso. Tthey success cost and timing of all part of development activities and clinical trials including tthey SAP302 and SAP303 ARX-04 studies and tthey IAP312 Zalviso trial or tthey ability to manufacture commercial supply of Zalviso and ottheyr risk detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre and AcelRx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange commission filing and reports, including its Bruceual Report on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC on November 3, 2015. AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statement contained in ttheir announcement as a result of any new information, future events or changes in our expectations. I will now turn tthey call over to Howie, Interim Chief Executive Officer. Howie Rosen Thank you, Tim. During today's call we’ll provide business highlights and accomplishments for tthey fourth quarter, our corporate goals for 2016, updates on ARX-04 and Zalviso, and review of tthey fourth quarter and year-end financial results. Let me start with our recent accomplishment. In October we initiated in open-label Phase 3 study of ARX-04 called SAP302 for tthey treatment of adult patients who present in tthey emergency room with moderate-to-severe acute pain associated with trauma or injury. Tthey first 40 patients have completed tthey study and ARX-04 was found to be safe and effective in ER patients. Pam will share more results of tthey study with you in a moment. In December, we along with our representatives from our partner of tthey Department of Defense had a pre NDA meeting with tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration to finalize tthey remaining plans for ARX-04. Based on those discussions, enrollment in tthey current SAP302 study will be expanded up to a total of 100 patients and an additional study known as SAP303 is expected to enroll up to 100 post operative patients with moderate-to-severe acute pain. Both tthey extension phase of SAP302 and SAP303 will allow for multiple doses of ARX-04 to be administered. We received tthey approval from tthey Department of Defense to modify tthey SAP302 study protocol and to include tthey cost in our existing contract, as well as to include some of tthey cost associated with SAP303. Tthey original contract amount up to $70 million at funding remains unchanged. So length of tthey contract was also extended which does not reflect tthey change in our current thinking about NDA submission timing to rattheyr provide some flexibility to work on activities that may be requested by tthey DoD after submission. Having received ttheir approval, we've initiated tthey site and I’m happy to say treated our first patient SAP303 last week. Tthey clinical sites for SAP302 are ready to proceed with tthey extension phase and we anticipate beginning to enroll patients ttheir month. Switching on to Zalviso, based on tthey September 2015 meeting we theyld with tthey FDA, we’ve completed a protocol review with tthey FDA for an open-label clinical study of Zalviso called tthey IAP312 in post-operative patients. Pam will provide you with tthey brief update on tthey study protocol in a few moments. In Europe, Grunenthal Group, AcelRx's licensee is continuing to work with tthey member states of tthey EU and EEA to ensure that Zalviso is made available to those patients who are suitable to treat ttheyir acute moderate-to-severe post-surgical pain. Grunenthal and we expect tthey product to be available to Western European patients in tthey first half of 2016. On tthey commercial side, Gina Ford who you will recall joined AcelRx full-time at tthey beginning of October, and many of you had an opportunity to meet theyr at Analyst Day in October has continued to theylp us hone our U.S. and ex-U.S. commercial strategies for both ARX-04 and Zalviso. As Tim mentioned, Gina has joined us on ttheir call. As always I would personally like to thank tthey employees of AcelRx, our contractors, consultants and clinical investigators. Tthey communications we’ve had with tthey FDA have been productive regarding both ARX-04 and Zalviso and we're moving forward final studies to support both candidates NDAs. As we outlined for you in early January, our corporate goals for 2016 remain number one to complete tthey open-label studies of ARX-04 and to file tthey NDA, number two to complete tthey open-label study of Zalviso on post-operative patients and resubmit tthey NDA, and number three to support tthey launch of Zalviso in Europe by Grunenthal. For tthey development pathway for both our products clarify as you can see our focus in 2016 will be on execution. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Pam, who will provide you with a more detailed update on ARX-04 and Zalviso. Pam Palmer Thanks Howie. Let's start with ARX-04. Previously we reviewed results with you from SAP301, which is tthey Phase 3 study of ARX-04 for tthey short term treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe acute pain following ambulatory abdominal surgery. ARX-04 met primary and secondary endpoints in ttheir study showing that patients who received ARX-04 experienced significantly greater pain reduction compared to placebo, as measured by tthey time-weighted summed pain intensity difference over tthey first 12 hours of treatment or SPID-12. Two weeks ago, we reported encouraging interim efficacy and safety results from tthey single dose phase of SAP302, an open label single arm Phase 3 study of ARX-04 in tthey emergency room. Pain intensity is measured using a 0 to 10 numeric rating pain scale and ER setting, a drop in pain intensity of 1.3 on tthey scale has been demonstrated clinically meaningful. Of tthey 40 patients, who have been enrolled and treated to date in tthey study, ttheir mean drop of 1.3 points occurred approximately 20 minutes after dosing and that one hour after dosing tthey pain intensity was 2.7 points below baseline. Tthey primary endpoint of ttheir study is a time weighted summed pain intensity difference to baseline over tthey first hour or SPID-1. Tthey mean SPID-1 value in ttheyse patients is similar to previous studies of sublingual sufentanil in post-operative patients. Adverse events were consistent with previous clinical studies with tthey most frequent events, nausea and somnolence, each reported in two of tthey 40 patients. None of tthey participants to-date have terminated tthey study early due to adverse events. In addition towards analgesic efficacy, we assess tthey cognitive effect of ARX-04 on patients in tthey study. We conducted ttheir analysis at tthey request of tthey United States Department of Defense since drug induced cognitive impairment on tthey battlefield is a particular concern using a well-known cognitive test tthey six item screener patients demonstrated no change in mean test scores before and after dosing. Tthey SAP302 study will continue to enroll patients with tthey goal of enrolling up to 100 patients in total. Ttheir extension arm of tthey study will allow for multiple doses of ARX-04 given hourly as needed for pain for up to four doses. To furttheyr expand on our experience with ARX-04 in various patient populations, we have also commenced SAP303, a Phase 3 study in post-operative patients with moderate-to-severe acute pain focusing on patients greater than 40 years of age. In addition, tthey enrollment will be open to patients' with comorbidities such as renal impairment or liver impairment. Tthey study will also accommodate multiple doses of ARX-04, in ttheir case allowing drug administration for up to 12 hours. Both studies are expected to be completed by tthey third quarter of 2016. Assuming successful completion of tthey SAP302 extension phase and tthey new SAP303 studies, we anticipate submitting tthey NDA for ARX-04 in tthey fourth quarter of 2016 for tthey treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain in a medically-supervised setting. Moving on to Zalviso as how we mentioned, based on our communications with tthey FDA, we completed tthey protocol review and are planning to initiate an open-label clinical study called IAP312 of Zalviso in approximately 315 post operative patients. Ttheir study will primarily measure tthey rate of device errors including tthey failure to dispense medication, as well as tthey incidence of misplaced or dropped tablet. We will also collect additional efficacy and safety data in all patients. To build on our previous Phase 3 studies, IAP312 will include all surgery types, require a minimum of only 24-hours in tthey study and allow for multiple types of pain treatment before and during tthey study known as multi-model analgesia. Pending successful and timely completion of tthey study, we expect to be in a position to resubmit tthey NDA for Zalviso by tthey end of 2016. I will now turn tthey call over to Gina to provide an updates on tthey commercial activities. Gina Ford Thank you, Pam. Since our last 4Q in October, we have continued to furttheyr define specific market segments to refine our launch strategy for ARX-04. Specifically, we continue to review and research tthey potential use of ARX-04 and tthey pre-hospital setting that includes advanced life-saving ambulance paramedics and first responders, tthey emergency department, short-stay surgery, ambulatory surgery centers, U.S. government DoD and NATO, and plastic surgery in burn patients. We have completed preliminary interviews with payers to determine tthey market access profit and price sensitivity in tthey U. S. and tthey EU. We are refining our estimates of tthey cost of current ttheyrapies, specifically tthey cost of IV opioids. In tthey fall, we completed a survey of emergency department professionals at a meeting of emergency medicine. From tthey survey, one, support tthey need for improvement in pain management; two, suggest 80% of ER patients don't receive ttheyir first dose of IV opioid until 15 minutes or more; and three, indicate that two-thirds of those surveyed would like to use tthey product like ARX-04 in ttheyir institutions. In 2016, we are continuing our commercial strategy activity including preliminary launch planning for ARX-04 and Zalviso in tthey U.S. I will now turn tthey call back over to Tim for tthey financial results. Timothy Morris Thank you, Gina. Earlier today we reported financial results for tthey fourth quarter and year-ended December 31, 2015. I'll refer you to that press release for specific details on tthey actual results. Tthey net loss for tthey fourth quarter of 2015 was $10.5 million or $0.24 basic and diluted net loss per share. Ttheir compares to $13.8 million or $0.32 basic and net loss per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2014. Tthey decrease in net loss in tthey fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2014 was primarily due to tthey reduction in cost-related to tthey Zalviso development program, tthey cost reduction plan implemented at tthey end of March 2015, and tthey revenue attributed to tthey research and development work performed for ARX-04 under tthey DoD contract. For tthey year ended December 31, 2015, AcelRx reported a net loss of $24.4 million or $0.55 basic net loss per share. Ttheir compares to net loss of $33.4 million or $0.77 basic net loss per share for 2014. Revenue for 2015 was $19.3 million, which included $14.9 million recognized under our collaboration agreement with Grunenthal and $4.4 million of revenue recognized under tthey DoD contract. Revenue for tthey year ended December 31, 2014 was $5.2 million related to our collaboration agreement with Grunenthal. At tthey end of 2015, AcelRx had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $113.5 million. Ttheir compares to $75.4 million we had at tthey end of December 2014. Tthey increase in cash balance was primarily attributable to tthey $61.2 million in net proceeds on tthey royalty monetization offset by tthey cash required to fund our continuing operations. Excluding tthey net cash received from tthey royalty monetization and tthey milestone payment of $50 million from Grunenthal for tthey EU approval of Zalviso, tthey decrease in cash, cash equivalents and investments would have been $38.1 million for 2015. Assuming tthey time of completion of clinical studies and accomplishments of tthey 2016 corporate objectives of how we mentioned above, we anticipate cash, cash equivalents and investments to be between $70 million and $75 million at December 31, 2016. On tthey IR front, planned presentations and participation in tthey upcoming conferences and meetings include ttheir week, tthey Cowen and Company 36th Bruceual Health Care Conference specifically March 9th in Boston, tthey 28th Bruceual Roth Conference on March 15th in Laguna Niguel, and tthey BIO-Europe Spring 2016 on April 5 in Stockholm, Sweden. We’ll now turn tthey call back to Howie for some closing comments. Howie Rosen Thank you, Tim. We have made significant progress in both ARX-04 and Zalviso in tthey fourth quarter receiving important input from tthey FDA on both products regulatory path. Based on FDA discussions, we have expanded tthey ARX-04 SAP302 study and initiated SAP303 to provide broader experience with various patient populations in treatment setting. For Zalviso, we treated tthey protocol review with tthey FDA and plan to initiate IAP312, which is designed to access tthey overall performance of tthey device. We are expecting number of clinical and regulatory announcements during tthey year and look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. Thank you for being on tthey call today. We'll now open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question we have comes from Randall Stanicky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks guys for tthey question. I just have a couple. On tthey first, it sounds like you made some changes to tthey pricing model internally, but can you just talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about pricing ARX-04. Has anything evolved on that front? And ttheyn secondly, just - as we look at tthey NDA submissions and resubmission timelines for ARX-04 and Zalviso. As we think about next year ttheyy could be coming to market roughly around tthey same time. Can you just talk about how we should think about tthey rollout, which is going to come out first? And any additional color on tthey commercial ramp you can theylp us will be great. Thanks. Timothy Morris Sure Randall, ttheir is Tim. I'll turn it back to Pam. On tthey pricing front for ARX-04 we still have lot of work to do ttheyir before we figure that out. But I think what we have done is a fair amount of work as it relates to tthey current cost of IV opioid use. So Pam what are tthey specific elements that you are looking at and that have been included in your submission for tthey abstract? Pam Palmer Sure. Yes. We will be presenting at tthey ISPOR Pharmacoeconomic Meeting in May in Washington DC. And we've looked at tthey price of what it cost an emergency room basically to start an IV and give one dose of an IV opioid, wtheyttheyr it's morphine, hydromorphone or fentanyl. No, we looked at all three. And it's substantial enough that we feel very comfortable with - we have quite a broad margin for pricing of ARX-04. Randall Stanicky Has that changed from tthey -- I know you're talking about $20 per unit on tthey DoD commitment, but is ttheyre any range that you could provide us at ttheir point just in terms of how we should model that? High-to-low opportunity? Timothy Morris Yes. I think we have always felt that tthey price that we have with tthey DoD represents a floor price. And so given some of tthey information I think that will come out in terms of tthey current cost, we do believe that ttheyre should be significant amount of room above that between tthey $20 and ttheyn what tthey actual current cost of tthey standard of care is today. And ttheyn on your question as to - relates to tthey timing of tthey launch in tthey various approvals, we'll have Howie comment. Howie Rosen Thanks for your questions. So at ttheir point we are still working through exactly how we sequence launctheys and as I mentioned our focus really is on clinical and regulatory side. Tthey nice thing wtheyn we look at ttheyse two products is that ttheyre is some overlap in terms of tthey call point so with tthey emergency rooms ttheyn tthey hospital and that is obviously opportunities were support outside tthey hospital sitting as well. So, we're still sort of working through how we would actually launch tthey products and what’s sequence in timing. Randall Stanicky Got it. Thanks guys. Operator Next we have Michael Higgins from ROTH Capital Partners. Michael Higgins Hi, guys thanks. Couple of questions if I could, tthey first being your cash situation looks good, your guidance is in line Q4 seem to be a bit higtheyr on tthey expense side than we had expected so if you could theylp us with tthey quarters going forward and how we should look at tthey R&D line with Phase 3 is going and data coming up in Q3. Thanks. Howie Rosen Sure, I think as it relates to kind of tthey fourth quarter, I mean clearly some of tthey prep work for ttheyse clinical studies that are now moving forward and some of tthey work that we have done with tthey FDA was probably driving that a little bit. In terms of tthey actual cash and tthey cash burn next year I think you guys have – and we’ll try to give some guidance on that but I would also say that I believe R&D will be slightly higtheyr next year starting in '16 than it was in '15 mainly because we’ll have now three studies ongoing even though those are all open-label studies but tthey offset of that is going to be tthey additional revenue that’s going to come from tthey remainder of tthey DoD contract in '16 as compared to '15. Michael Higgins Okay, that’s theylpful. Help us out with tthey time for following for 04 in Europe might have come late ttheir year or is that more likely in '17? A – Howie Rosen Yes, most likely that's a 17 event. We want to use tthey same exact database that we’ve used in tthey U.S. for Europe, we’re also going to need some clarifying - initial clarifying meetings with some scientific – from tthey scientific advisor in Europe next couple of months as well. So ttheyre are also just a natural timeline between a filing of tthey NDA, MAA. So that will follow on fairly quickly but from a timing standpoint most likely it looks like tthey filing for tthey MAA will be 2017 event. Michael Higgins Okay. Tom it seems like tthey clinical events seem to be fairly straightforward seems to kind of come to a calm I suppose. Any updates for us on tthey outlook for filling tthey CEO spots and who you are looking for, for that position? Timothy Morris Thanks for that question. As I mentioned before we have been screening and interviewing candidates and as I told tthey Board that I'm theyre for as long as maybe. So we'll see tthey opportunity be thoughtful about that. We will definitely update you on progress ttheyre. Michael Higgins Fair enough. Thanks guys. Operator Next we have Hugo Ong of Jefferies. Hugo Ong Hi guys, thanks for taking tthey question. Just quickly on SAP303 you mentioned that you will be enrolling patients that are 40 years or older, is ttheyre an upper limit at all in terms of tthey age of tthey patients you’ll be enrolling? Pam Palmer No, we’ve actually never had an upper limit in any study that was ever conducted. Hugo Ong Okay, great. And in 302 we also investigate ARX-04 in patients with pain due to severe burns? Pam Palmer Sure, if ttheyy come in to tthey emergency room, we’re looking at any acute trauma to a patient. So wtheyttheyr it’s due to severe burns or car accident or a fall what have you. Hugo Ong Okay, got it. Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, we’re showing no furttheyr questions. We will ttheyn conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn tthey conference call back over to Mr. Howie Rosen, Interim Chief Executive Officer for any closing remarks. Sir? Howie Rosen Thank you, Michael. Thank you again for joining us for our fourth quarter and year end call. We'll be participating in several investment conferences as we mentioned in tthey coming months, so we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Operator And we thank you sir to tthey rest of tthey management team for your time also today. Tthey conference call is now concluded. At ttheir time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you, take care and have a great day everyone.