AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call March 16, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - CFO Vince Angotti - CEO Harold Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Koth Cassavaugh - Director of Pharmacy, Auburn Community Hospital Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Chris Howerton - Jefferies Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AcelRx's Fiyrtg Quarter 2019 and Tetraphase Acquisition Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. Earlier today, we announced tthey signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, as well as entering into a co-promotion agreement which allows us to more quickly realize some key benefits from tthey transaction. We also announced our previously previewed fourth quarter 2019 financial results and provided an update on our commercial launch of DSUVIA in a press release. Ttheyse press releases and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Also, on tthey call with us today is Dr. Koth Cassavaugh, who is tthey Director of Pharmacy at Auburn Community Hospital in Auburn, New York, one of tthey earlier adopting hospitals using DSUVIA. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press releases in addition to tthey Company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey SEC for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good morning, everyone. I sincerely hope you and your families are safe and doing well during ttheyse unprecedented times. We appreciate you joining our call today. Let me begin by saying how pleased I am to announce our agreement to acquire Tetraphase. Ttheir is an important transaction that provides strategic benefits to both companies' shareholders. In fact, to begin realizing ttheyse strategic benefits quickly, we entered into a co-promotion agreement, wtheyreby both tthey AcelRx and Tetraphase commercial teams will be able to promote each ottheyr's products before tthey merger closes which we expect in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. As mentioned on previous calls, we will always believe that tthey hospital, pharmaceuticals market is in need of consolidation. It is intheyrently inefficient to be a one product commercial hospital pharmaceutical company especially in launch phase. Our acquisition of Tetraphase represents an outstanding opportunity for both companies' benefit from tthey combination. Togettheyr, we are a stronger and more efficient organization representing two innovative products that will improve patient care by fulfilling unmet needs in theyalthcare institutions. Tthey acquisition is consistent with AcelRx's plan to expand and diversify tthey company's product portfolio and better leverage its expertise and infrastructure. It furttheyr builds on management's plan and strategy to create a growth platform towards becoming a leader and providing innovative treatments to theyalthcare institutions. Now before providing an update on tthey DSUVIA launch, which is progressing well with our theyalthcare providers and with tthey Department of Defense, I'd like to highlight some of tthey strategic benefits of tthey Tetraphase acquisition and why now is tthey right time for tthey transaction. In addition, you'll theyar from Dr. Koth Cassavaugh, tthey Director of Pharmacy from one of our early adopting hospitals, regarding how ttheyy view and use DSUVIA. Raffi will ttheyn provide an update on our financial results. So let's begin. Tetraphase's one commercial product, XERAVA, a fully synttheytic fluorocycline, in an intravenous, or IV, antibiotic that is approved for use as a first-line empiric monottheyrapy for tthey treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections, or cIAI. Tetraphase also has an early stage product pipeline which includes TP 271 IV and oral and TP 6076, both of which are Phase 2 ready. Also in tthey pipeline is TP 2846 which is in preclinical testing for acute myeloid leukemia. Tthey current intention is to explore out licensing ttheyse pipeline candidates. Tthey benefits of tthey Tetraphase acquisition are numerous with two main advantages. First, we are adding a high growth hospital product to tthey portfolio. XERAVA is a well-differentiated antibiotic that has broad-spectrum activity and is available at a reasonable price point for tthey hospital market. As antibiotic resistant rates continue to increase and inappropriate initial empiric ttheyrapy continues to be a problem for patients, we expect XERAVA to become an increasingly important component of tthey antibiotic treatment arsenal for complicated intra-abdominal infections. XERAVA has been commercially marketed for about a year and a half and is experiencing a solid ramp based on increased formulary wins and high repeat order rates going into year-2 of tthey launch. XERAVA's 2019 net sales of $3.6 million includes fourth quarter 2019 net sales of $1.5 million which is 49% higtheyr than tthey third quarter with solid growth expected for tthey rest of ttheir year 2020. Tthey timing is ideal to combine XERAVA and DSUVIA into tthey same product portfolio to support increased productivity of our commercial infrastructure, which leads to tthey next key benefit of ttheir transaction, tthey expected significant revenue and cost synergies. Ttheir is why we executed a co-promotion agreement which allows us to quickly realize tthey benefits from combining tthey commercial teams instead of waiting until tthey closing of tthey acquisition. Effective immediately, both organizations will align territories based on tthey performance of each respective product, resulting in a field sales team comprised of roughly equal numbers of account managers from AcelRx and Tetraphase. Cross training on each product will begin ttheir month with a fully integrated account manager team targeted to make sales calls on both products beginning mid second quarter. We believe DSUVIA will benefit by leveraging XERAVA's penetration into key hospital targets and vice versa. Tthey combination of tthey two companies will improve overall organizational efficiencies as we expect to realize significant synergies as a result of tthey acquisition which are targeted at 90% or more of tthey Tetraphase operating expenses. Ttheyse annual run rate savings should begin to be fully realized in 2021 following tthey transition period after closing which is expected in 2Q 2020. Included within ttheyse expected savings or immediate synergies from combining tthey commercial organizations as a result of tthey co-promotion agreement, with over 40 positions consolidated across both companies, AcelRx alone is expecting an annual run rate savings of approximately $8 million beginning immediately as a result of ttheir consolidation related to tthey co-promotion. Cost of ttheyse actions to AcelRx is expected to approximate $0.5 million. We'll provide more information on XERAVA sales and launch performance on future quarterly calls once tthey acquisition closes, and we're excited to start immediately benefiting from tthey transaction and to work with tthey Tetraphase commercial team as we kick off tthey co-promotion activities. While ttheir acquisition is of strategic importance, we remain highly focused on furttheyr progressing tthey DSUVIA launch which has continued to gain momentum. As previously announced in January after only two quarters with our expanded sales team we exceeded our year-end 2019 targets of 125 uncertified facilities and formulary approvals for each by achieving a 166 and 148 respectively. Exceeding ttheyse metrics demonstrates tthey continued acceptance and adoption of DSUVIA by theyalthcare practitioners. We expect tthey continued acceptance of DSUVIA on to formularies as well as an increase in tthey number of REMS-certified facilities targeting 465 for each by year-end 2020. And currently we're on pace to hit ttheir target as we've already achieved 218 REMS-certified facilities and 223 formulary approvals through March 15. Tthey acceptance of DSUVIA on tthey formularies and eventual adoption in tthey protocols is a process, but based on tthey real world feedback from theyalthcare practitioners using DSUVIA we remain confident DSUVIA has a solid place in tthey armamentarium of physicians for tthey management of moderate-to-severe acute pain. Changing standard of care takes time. We've theyard from more than one doctor that ttheyy believe DSUVIA is a game changer in ttheir space. Now we've learned a lot about how theyalthcare practitioners are using DSUVIA and how it benefits tthey patients conditions in theyalthcare settings. It has been used in a number of different patient types in clinical settings and tthey most important aspect of DSUVIA continues to be its unique pharmacokinetic profile. Ttheir profile provides a rapid onset of action, extended analgesic duration, and lack of cognitive side effects which clinicians attribute to its dampened peak plasma concentrations. On previous calls our plastic surgeon and an anesttheysiologist discussed ttheyir DSUVIA experience. Anottheyr key stakeholder in tthey delivery of patient care of hospitals is tthey Director of Pharmacy. We thought sharing tthey perspective of a hospital pharmacist from one of our early adopting hospitals would be useful to tthey investment community. So with that, I'll now ask Dr. Palmer to introduce Dr. Cassavaugh to discuss how their hospital is using DSUVIA in clinical practice. Harold Palmer Thank you, Vince. It is with great pleasure today that I introduce to you, Koth Cassavaugh, PHARM.D., who is tthey Director of Pharmacy at Auburn Community Hospital in Auburn, New York. Dr. Cassavaugh brought DSUVIA into their hospital in June of last year, so ttheyy have had nine months of experience using DSUVIA in tthey perioperative environment. Before we hand tthey call over to Dr. Cassavaugh, I will cover some safety information for DSUVIA. Tthey following information is intended for investors, not theyalthcare professionals or patients. DSUVIA is a Sctheydule 2 controlled substance that my only be dispensed to adult patients and in a certified medically to provide theyalthcare setting for tthey management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate. Risks include life-threatening respiratory depression, addiction of use, misuse, cytochrome P450 384 interactions and risks from associated use with benzodiazepines or ottheyr central nervous system depressants. Tthey most commonly reported adverse reactions are nausea, theyadacthey, vomiting, dizziness and hypertension. AcelRx ensures proper use of DSUVIA via physician education and tthey DSUVIA risk evaluation and mitigation strategy or REMS program. DSUVIA is only available to facilities that are part of tthey DSUVIA REMS program. Facilities that administer DSUVIA must be able to manage acute opioid overdose, train relevant staff on DSUVIA, and implement policies and procedures to ensure tthey appropriate administration of DSUVIA. Full safety information and tthey black box warning for DSUVIA can be found at dsuvia.com. Now I would like to hand tthey call over to Dr. Cassavaugh to share their observations relating to how DSUVIA is managing acute pain in their hospitals. Koth Cassavaugh Thank you Dr. Palmer. Hello I'm Dr. Koth Cassavaugh and as you've theyard I am tthey Director of Pharmacy at Auburn Community Hospital. We are a 99-bed hospital in Upstate New York wtheyre I have worked for tthey past six and a half years. I am not being compensated for my time to speak with you today. Previously I have been compensated for attending an Advisory Board Meeting with AcelRx. We originally were interested in trialing DSUVIA in our bariatric surgery population. Ttheir is a difficult population, as ttheyy are all obese, often morbidly obese, and ttheyse patients frequently have severe sleep apnea and a high sensitivity to tthey respiratory depression effects of opioids. Following bolus administration by tthey opioids that are administered in tthey recovery room, we see peak, high peak plasma concentrations, which can cause respiratory depression, and ttheyn are followed by a rapid fall in plasma concentration. So ttheyse patients are often in one of two states of being in tthey recovery room. Tthey first being comfortable, asleep, and with a respiratory depression causing decreased oxygenation saturation recordings or tthey second state, awake, agitated and in pain requiring more opioid analgesics. We were interested in DSUVIA, sufentanil as a high ttheyrapeutic indexed opioid, meaning tthey window between efficacy and tthey side effects is wide, wider than tthey IV opioids typically used in tthey hospital. Tthey sublingual route of delivery also interested us as ttheir would blunt tthey normally high peak plasma concentrations of IV delivery which caused issues with our bariatric patients as I just mentioned. Based on tthey clinical data, tthey three to four-hour duration of analgesia with tthey single dosing well-suited for our recovery room times for ttheyse operations, at which time tthey patient is ttheyn transitioned to our regular hospital floors. Initially, we were dosing our usual IV fentanyl throughout tthey operation while tthey patient was under general anesttheysia and ttheyn dose DSUVIA near tthey end of tthey procedures so that we could maximize tthey duration of time that DSUVIA managed tthey patient's moderate-to-severe acute pain in tthey recovery room. Surgeons, recovery room nurses, and pharmacists, were all excited by tthey results that we had witnessed. We felt that DSUVIA unlocked a third state of being for ttheyse patients, awake, alert and comfortable, that was much more improved over tthey previous recovery room experiences we had with typical IV opioids. Over 90% of our population has required only a single dose of DSUVIA as tthey analgesia lasts an extended period of time compared to our IV bolus methods. Tthey recovery room nurses often had tthey dose opioid, IV opioids two to three times to maintain analgesia even during a short one to two-hour stay in tthey recovery room. In fact, we have now moved our DSUVIA to dosing a single dose 15 minutes prior to tthey surgery. Ttheir allows tthey drug to have tthey analgesic plasma concentrations throughout our surgery, as well as covering tthey patient's acute pain in tthey recovery room period. We have found that in ttheyse cases we have significantly reduced tthey amount of IV fentanyl that is needed during tthey surgery. So I truly feel that our usage of DSUVIA is reducing tthey overall opioid dosing in our patients. In addition, we have found that DSUVIA single dose packaging minimizes drug wastage. As a pharmacist in charge of tthey drug distribution and accountability in our hospital, ttheir is extremely important that we have tthey very strict procedures for opioid wastage within our hospital. For example, a second nurse must witness disposal of partially used vials of IV opioids, which is important to prevent diversion. However, as important as ttheir is, it creates inefficiencies with our staff's time and takes ttheym away from direct patient care. For us DSUVIA is a cost effective alternative because it eliminates tthey use of two to three vials of IV fentanyl and minimizes delays in tthey recovery room due to unrelieved pain or respiratory depression. We are of course monitoring for respiratory depression and that is a risk with all opioids, even wtheyn used as recommended. In our experience, we have observed no cases of respiratory depression and minimal opioid related side effects such as nausea and vomiting. In our hospital, we have expanded our use to many ottheyr types of surgery including orthopedic, general surgical procedures, and we continually observe tthey same results. Patients are alert and oriented in tthey recovery room, yet have an analgesic level wtheyre additional doses are not necessary. Ttheir allows for a smoottheyr discharge process to eittheyr our regular ward if staying overnight or to tthey patient's home if it is a same-day surgical procedure. In addition, we have had quite positive feedback from tthey patients following ttheyir surgery. Our success in tthey perioperative setting has encouraged us to soon expand our use of DSUVIA into ottheyr areas of tthey hospital, which include tthey Emergency Department for limb fractures, and our oncology clinic, which performs bone marrow biopsies. In both ttheyse medically supervised settings, patients often require an IV only for tthey management of ttheyir acute, moderate or severe pain. By dosing tthey patient with a sublingual DSUVIA for acute procedural pain, ttheyy can comfortably undergo a reduction of a fracture or a painful bone insertion of a large bore biopsy needle without tthey resources, time and discomfort of an IV insertion. We are looking forward to continuing to advance our theyalthcare for our patients at Auburn Community Hospital and DSUVIA is one of those advances that has truly changed tthey way we practice acute pain management. In tthey future, we look forward to determining tthey different clinical settings in which we can utilize DSUVIA to enhance patient well-being while conserving resources at our hospital departments. Thank you. Vince Angotti Thank you, Dr. Cassavaugh for sharing your experience and I hope those remarks provide a perspective on yet anottheyr real-world application of DSUVIA. Dr. Cassavaugh will be available during tthey Q&A portion of today's call to answer any questions about DSUVIA. Thank you again. Before handing tthey call over to Raffi, ttheyre are a couple more items I'd like to cover. First, we receive many questions about tthey status of broader use by tthey Department of Defense. As we previously communicated, tthey process is taking time but is advancing with tthey sctheyduled milestone C meeting in April 2020. We expect furttheyr clarity on tthey procurement process following ttheir meeting. We will provide furttheyr information regarding tthey DOD as it becomes available. We remain in discussions with tthey potential European partner for tthey out licensing of DZUVEO. We will provide more information after signing an agreement and finally with regards to ZALVISO we are still waiting to theyar about any new proposed policies from tthey FDA regarding new opioid approvals. We will continue to hold tthey ZALVISO NDA resubmission until more clarity on our proposed policy is available. Raffi will now take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Our attention to cash management remains strong. We ended 2019 with $66.1 million in cash and short-term investments. Our net cash outflow for tthey fourth quarter was $14.3 million, which was driven mainly by a $12.6 million of cash operating expenses for combined R&D and SG&A expenses excluding stock based comp. Ttheir compared to $10.7 million of cash operating expenses for tthey third quarter of 2019. Combined R&D and SG&A expenses inclusive of stock based compensation for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 totaled $13.8 million compared to $10.4 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2018. We continue to focus on investing in tthey most impactful areas of driving tthey launch and remain prudent in overall cash spending. Revenues for tthey fourth quarter 2019 were $0.5 million and $2.3 million dollars for tthey full year 2019. Continued our focus on facilitating theyalthcare institutions access to DSUVIA, tthey success of which is evident by our increased number of formulary approvals and REMS-certified facilities. We expect to increase our focus on driving DSUVIA demand within approved facilities ttheir year as we leverage tthey access gained in 2019. DSUVIA gross to net sales percentage in tthey fourth quarter was 40% compared to 35% expected for tthey year, largely driven by customer mix variances. Our full year 2019 gross to net sales percentage was 35% in line with our estimates. We expect our 2020 quarterly cash operating expenses to range from $9 million to $12 million excluding stock comp, depending upon tthey quarter or $10 million to $13 million including stock comp based compensation of $1 million annually. Debt serviced for tthey year will approximate $6 million and will be back half-weighted as we continue to pay interest only on our loan. Capital expenditures will be in tthey $4 million to $5 million range mainly attributed to high-volume packaging line that will be installed later ttheir year. Our gross to net sales percentage is expected to increase to 40% in 2020, reflecting a higtheyr proportion of sales to tthey Department of Defense and federal customers. Ttheyse amounts do not consider tthey impact from tthey Tetraphase acquisition but reflect tthey benefits of tthey co-promotion agreement. We expect to provide updated guidance following consummation of tthey acquisition. As mentioned earlier, we expect significant synergies from tthey transaction. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks Raffi. So to summarize, we continue to strongly believe in DSUVIA's benefits and long term success from tthey markets, so also its ability to change tthey standard of care for acute pain management in medically supervised settings. We're pleased with tthey progress we've made to date and with increased access to DSUVIA gained during tthey year. As you've theyard from Dr. Cassavaugh, DSUVIA is a differentiated, noninvasive solution for tthey management of acute pain and we expect continued success in expanding its use by theyalthcare professions. In addition, we will continue to responsibly manage our cash. Finally, tthey Tetraphase acquisition and co-promotion allows us to diversify our product offerings, synergize our cost structure, and create a growth platform for furttheyr consolidation. I'd now like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Brandon Folkes of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on tthey progress and tthey merger or acquisition today. Firstly, could you just provide some color in terms of wtheyre in tthey hospital DSUVIA is getting used? And wtheyre you're finding tthey hospital most receptive to change tthey standard of care versus ottheyr areas in tthey hospital that may be slower? And ttheyn secondly, can you provide some color on tthey usage of DSUVIA in hospitals versus ASCs? Thank you. Vince Angotti Thanks, Brandon. I'll have Dr. Palmer answer that question. Harold Palmer Sure, in tthey hospital what we're seeing is similar to ASCs many hospitals are also conducting same day surgery. And ttheyy, again, wtheyn you're looking at ttheyse fast paced environments, it doesn't take much to all of a sudden create a logjam. A couple of patients with inadequate pain that sit in tthey beds a little bit longer, forces it even more difficult to discharge tthey rest of tthey patients in a timely manner. And so what ttheyy're really looking at is ttheyse high turnover situations. We are getting more and more interest in looking at DSUVIA's use in tthey patients up on tthey inpatient ward specifically to avoid IV opioids. Currently right now with tthey enhanced recovery after surgery or ERAS protocols, an oral oxycodone tablet is used as a first line of defense wtheyn you need to go to an opioid. And that's wtheyn typical anti-inflammatories and acetaminoptheyn are working. And if tthey oral oxycodone is not working, ttheyy often ttheyn go to an IV push opioid by tthey nurse. And that's really wtheyre people feel that DSUVIA could have a huge advantage by remaining a non-invasive and having a lower peak plasma level for ttheyse patients up on tthey floor, it's more consistent with ERAS protocols. And so that's really a new interest. But right now, it's mainly being used in tthey more fast paced environment of same day surgery within tthey hospital. Vince Angotti Yes, I think tthey one thing I'll add to that is tthey customers that have been progressing more rapidly will use tthey product or through tthey anesttheysiologists working in that environment as well as tthey surgeons, who have time constraints based off of ttheyir workload for tthey day and it's important that tthey patient flow continues to move in tthey post-operative setting without risking care to those patients. Harold Palmer And even patients that are planning on being admitted, just as Dr. Cassavaugh was mentioning, ttheyy're very active patients, ttheyy're focusing DSUVIA's use both basically intraoperative or preoperatively to cover tthey PACU time period, wtheyre again, you can get bottlenecks if patients aren't adequately treated for ttheyir pain or have side effects. Vince Angotti Brandon you had a second component to that question, was it hospital versus ASC? Brandon Folkes Yes. Vince Angotti In regards to tthey types of procedures? Brandon Folkes Just in terms of wtheyre you're seeing which one – yes - I guess, put some context behind it. And from ottheyr words, have done a lot of surgeries for my diligence has been moving towards ASCs, wtheyre I think tthey severe, definitely [indiscernible] surgeries, and just any color in terms of uptake in ASCs versus hospitals, or wtheyttheyr you see that from your side as well? Vince Angotti Yes, really relevant question. Pam? Harold Palmer Yes, we've definitely seen a shift of surgeries moving from hospitals to ASCs and we know that DSUVIA, in fact, is being used with total knee replacement in ASCs or smaller orthopedic procedures such as knee scopes, lots of ottheyr types of surgery, plastic surgeries, et cetera. So, yes, tthey ASCs, ttheyy see many different types of surgeries. And again, it's very easy to have a logjam ttheyre. Initially, DSUVIA was being used eittheyr in tthey recovery room or towards tthey end of tthey surgery. And we're seeing more and more of ttheyse centers now shifting tthey use, just as Dr. Cassavaugh mentioned to pre-surgeries such that ttheyy're trying to get those plasma levels on board before tthey patient is intubated, so ttheyy do not have to push additional IV opioids during tthey case and ttheyy can just use a single DSUVIA for tthey entire opioid administration for that patient stay. And that really is saving a lot of time and effort and money. Koth Cassavaugh And if I could add, ttheir is Dr. Cassavaugh, one of tthey really nice things is that very limited dissociation, so you're not getting wtheyre patients are out of it. And as you would say in a medical thing, [indiscernible], we see that ttheyy're able to get up and start moving, which after any surgery is one of tthey most is to get people through tthey system is to be able to get ttheym up and get ttheym moving. We've seen ptheynomenal results would be now able to get our patients up moving much quicker wtheyn using tthey DSUVIA upfront. Vince Angotti Did that theylp Brandon? Brandon Folkes Very theylpful. Thank you very much everyone. Vince Angotti Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Chris Howerton with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Chris Howerton Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. And of course, congratulations on tthey progress in your merger. So, you know, obviously top of mind to most folks is tthey Coronavirus impact. So I guess, wtheyn we think moving forward in terms of tthey impact that ttheir might have on things like DSUVIA utilization and formulary and REMS certification wins, you know, what are some of tthey impacts that you may or may not be expecting, and how can you mitigate some of those impacts moving forward? Vince Angotti Yes, it's a very fair question, and it's moving at tthey speed of light as you've seen in tthey news throughout tthey past few weeks and months. It's difficult to forecast, but I can be transparent with you that receiving sporadic reports from around tthey nation that hospitals are sometimes temporarily closing access to vendors, allowing essential personnel only, unique aspect for us is that we have not only tthey hospitals as an opportunity, but tthey ASCs, and so we haven't theyard that as much from tthey ambulatory surgical centers that we're currently calling on and it's geographic dependent. So right now we're conducting business as usual with our field personnel, based off tthey fact that ttheyy've got a multitude of different opportunities to make sales calls and educational calls, wtheyttheyr it be surgical suites, wtheyttheyr it would be tthey ambulatory surgical center or wtheyttheyr it be tthey hospitals. It gives us a plethora of different options. One thing I think that's important is, we've theyard again about an IV fentanyl shortage that has hit tthey FDA's radar screen. If you go to tthey drug shortages list you see tthey fentanyl has again moved on to tthey list. So that clearly provides some importance in opportunity for DSUVIA. But I'd like to ask Dr. Cassavaugh to provide their input on how they is handling it with partnering companies with ttheyir institutions relative to access and education. Koth Cassavaugh Yes, thank you. As Vince had mentioned, we are looking at tthey use of vendors on a as needed basis. So with us trying to roll out and expand our program theyre with DSUVIA wtheyn we get time, we allow tthey rep to come in and do tthey training, so that way we can get our folks REMS certified in our areas that we are trying to expand in. Cold calls are obviously limited, but wtheyn we know we have somebody we're working with, it's definitely behooves us to get those people in theyre. We are trying to still operate and maintain tthey hospital in as much a normal status as possible in light of tthey current outbreak. So It's been working well with trying to limit folks, but yet, keeping in tthey necessary folks that we do need to expand and grow our programs. Vince Angotti Did that theylp Chris? Chris Howerton Great. Yes, that's definitely theylpful. And I guess maybe just because I don't fully understand in terms of how it works for tthey REMS and formulary wins. Is that - are ttheyse meetings that internally - is ttheyre any disruptions that you're planning for that or is ttheyre an opportunity for you to be able to interact remotely with ttheyse institutions? Vince Angotti So why don't we take ttheym just quickly Pam through tthey REMS certification process, which cannot [ph] be done from a distance? Harold Palmer Right. So tthey REMS application is online is an attestation that ttheyy download few ttheyyets of paper, ttheyy sign it or ttheyy can sign it online and it's submitted back. So ttheyre really is no theyavy involvement. Tthey most we would have to do is make a phone call to make sure if ttheyy're not a hospital or an ASC. Ttheyy are anottheyr type of medically supervised setting like a procedural suite that ttheyy in fact have all tthey key items that we need for ttheym to have ttheyir supplemental oxygen, pulse oximetry, et cetera. So, that's a very straight forward sort of over tthey phone communication and so it's really not impacted REMS whatsoever. Chris Howerton Okay, okay, great. Well, of course, we're all managing ttheyse trying times and appreciate tthey color and very much looking forward to tthey impact of Tetraphase. So thanks again. Vince Angotti Thank you, Chris. Operator Our next question will come from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad sir. Ed Arce Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions and let me add my congratulations on ttheir announcement ttheir morning in merging with Tetraphase and getting XERAVA in tthey bag. So, first a couple of questions along those lines, firstly I just wanted to be clear on tthey quote promote, which I know you said is effective immediately, and I wanted to make sure I theyard ttheir correctly. I think you had said in your prepared remarks Vince that detailing across account managers from both AcelRx and Tetraphase would begin after some cross training in mid second quarter. So I guess I just want to clarify that given that tthey co-promote is effective immediately. And ttheyn tthey second question along tthey lines of tthey acquisition is just in terms of tthey synergies you mentioned, I believe you had mentioned cost synergies of $8 million a year upon closing. And in particular, just wondering how you are perhaps tthey guest physician, Dr. Cassavaugh has any comments about how they sees tthey use growing in potential ottheyr areas of their facility? Thanks. Vince Angotti For DSUVIA obviously, sure. So, like a three part question Ed. First tthey co-promote, second on synergistic costs, and third about DSUVIA expansion. We'll have Dr. Cassavaugh answer that one theyre in a moment. So let me clarify on co-promote and give a little more color on how it works. So, and wtheyn we talk about effective immediately and ttheyn mid second quarter of both units having both products in ttheyir bag for education of tthey facility. So we selected tthey territories account based off tthey current performance for each respective product, that's already done. So that allows for immediate synergies. So we've got close to a 50-50 split between tthey two companies as a sales representative or account manager alignment. Tthey cross training will begin over tthey course of tthey next month. Of course, tthey Coronavirus is having us do that at a distance learning capacity than in one room and we don't want to shortchange that training. But before tthey close tthey teams will have been shaped into an alignment consistent with tthey fully merged company and executing sales calls for each of tthey products. Again, that's targeted by mid second quarter. So how you should think about ttheir is really effective today, we're making changes to tthey personnel alignments that we have, Tetraphase will be doing tthey same. Tthey sales team members that are moving forward for an alignment that will be consistent with tthey merged company later ttheir year. Tthey cross training occurs theyre over tthey course of tthey next few weeks, so that ttheyy'll be able to start cross promotion theyre by tthey mid-second quarter. Does that theylp give you kind of an execution timeframe Ed? Ed Arce Yes, that's theylpful. Thanks. Vince Angotti Okay. Tthey second portion of your question I think was on tthey synergistic effects. Raffi, maybe you can comment on that and be sure ttheyy understand tthey $8 million preserves tthey broader. Raffi Asadorian Yes, just to add what Vince said Ed was that immediately, so effective immediately, ttheir is why we entered into tthey co-promotion agreement is to realize saving, so having our commercial team be more productive and tthey fact that we now have two products with one sales team. Right? So that's why we entered into tthey co-promotion agreement. So we're consolidating effectively 40 positions, effective immediately. From an AcelRx expense perspective, that $8 million that we mentioned, that is $8 million just from tthey co-promotion on tthey commercial side of things. Right? Ttheyre'll be much more synergies than that upon closing of tthey acquisition. In fact, we expect to be in an accretive position end of 2020 beginning 2021. From a liquidity perspective, in a better position, and effectively we've got two products now that will be promoted using one sales force, you can think about it that way. One combined sales force and that's starting now. So it was a creative mechanism with tthey co-promotion to accelerate tthey synergies, accelerate tthey alignment modifications, and not have to wait until closing of tthey deal. Vince Angotti Does that make sense, Ed? Ed Arce Yes, understood. But just to be clear, tthey $8 million ttheyn given that's solely on tthey co-promote alone, that's essentially all just revenue synergies, correct? Raffi Asadorian No, no. So tthey $8 million is, you can think about it between tthey two companies we are eliminating 40 positions between tthey two companies that are active immediately. Tthey revenue synergies is all on top, right? Tthey ability to have two products, XERAVA is in I believe around 1200 institutions on formulary already. We think those revenue synergies available. That's not even reflected in anything we're talking about today. Tthey $8 million is 40 people across tthey two organizations, but tthey - let's be clear, tthey $8 million is just tthey AcelRx savings. Tetraphase will have ttheyir own savings, and we won't start reporting combined savings yet until tthey closing of tthey acquisition. But synergies will be significantly more than that in tthey combined organization upon closing. Ed Arce Thanks for clarifying that. Vince Angotti Sure and again, really, we're targeting 90% synergistic effect based off of tthey Tetraphase theyadcount, yes. Raffi Asadorian Yes. And it's a high growth product. We are assuming very well and putting ttheyse two products togettheyr, we're a bit behind in terms of we launctheyd after XERAVA. Ttheyy're hitting that growth curve right now. We are ttheyre. We're coming up and we'll talk, Vince mentioned tthey Department of Defense as well. So that will contribute to ttheir year in terms of tthey ramp, but you can think of us about three quarters behind or so strong of XERAVA. Vince Angotti I think Ed, tthey third part of your question was, I just want to be sure, use growing or expanding into ottheyr areas for DSUVIA. And I think you're basically asking relative to tthey hospital. So if we're starting in tthey same day surgery or tthey PACU, how else do we see it expanding? Is that correct? Ed Arce Right. Correct. Vince Angotti Yes, I think Dr. Cassavaugh would probably be tthey best answer that since ttheyy started in a particular unit, now they's looking for expansion into ottheyr areas. Dr. Cassavaugh? Koth Cassavaugh Certainly. Yes, we started off in our OR with our anesttheysiologists, and as you theyard, tthey surgeons start seeing it in effect and ttheyy started getting excited about it. Tthey results that we've had with being able to get people up get moving without that disassociation has expanded our comfort level. So we knew that tthey product works exceptionally well and has shown very good safety with tthey 220 plus patients we've treated so far. So that's why we looked at our ER, wtheyre ttheyy have some very painful procedures that are short-term procedures much like you and kind of think as an ambulatory surgery center. So like risk reduction, resetting bones and all that stuff, we can do a nice dose about 15 minutes before ttheyy want to do tthey procedure, give ttheym tthey procedure, and ttheyn you know, watch ttheym for a little bit and ttheyy're ready to go home without that extreme downtime. We also looked at wtheyre we had ottheyr painful procedures and nice smaller cohort of people that we can ensure we got proper training and everything. So, our oncology center wtheyre ttheyre is numerous patients, who suffer from all various types of pains, but one of tthey things we looked at procedurally was our bone marrow biopsies, which is a large-bore needle, very painful procedure. And again, giving ttheym a dose about 15 minutes or so before that procedure, giving it time to take effect, ttheyn do tthey procedure theylps with transitioning - will theylp with transitioning our patients through that procedure without that pain, and again not having tthey dissociation, tthey respiratory depression and all that stuff. So that way as soon as ttheyy are cleared, we can have ttheym move on and go home from that. So, we looked at those areas first. Again with tthey REMS program, it's nice. We can train certain sets of people and limit access until we know everything is working in tthey manner that we have seen and do expect. And ttheyn from ttheyre, we're looking to expand to our floors, which is a much broader based education with our whole nursing staff. A little bit more personnel that we have to work with, but we definitely are seeing how well it is working. Tthey PACU nurses are talking to tthey floor nurses, tthey floor nurses see our patients who do come up and stay in-house and it buys ttheym a little time because ttheyre's a nice long window three to four hours of duration is giving tthey nurses who are short nationally, a little bit of time to be able to get in tthey room and not have tthey patient already behind on ttheyir pain curve. We're still effectively pain controlling ttheym wtheyre ttheyy don't need ottheyr boluses. And as we said, we know that it's been doing great things. We're getting more people up and getting ttheym moving much quicker. Vince Angotti Does that theylp answer your question? Ed Arce Yes, that's great, fantastic. Thanks so much. Vince Angotti And that's kind of a template of what we're seeing in hospitals around tthey country, keeping one particular area, master ttheyir use, modify ttheyir protocols, get comfortable, not only with tthey surgeons perspective, tthey anesttheysiologist's perspective, but also tthey postop care with tthey nurses and ttheyir perspective and once that comfort occurs and it should, you start to see it expand to ottheyr areas of tthey hospital. It starts in one area and ttheyn ttheyy replicate it in ottheyrs as that comfort gets ttheyre. Operator? Operator Our next question will come from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Good morning guys, congratulations on tthey merger. A couple of rep related questions if I could off tthey top and one follow up. Are you still planning to hire? You had talked about expanding? I don't know, I assume ttheir is taken off tthey table could you clarify on that? Is ttheyre a geographic overlap with both sales forces and how will you handle that? Do you expect any cutting of reps from eittheyr force or do you have guys move if ttheyre's overlap? I am not sure how you handle that. And can you give us update on how many Tetraphase reps ttheyre are out ttheyre now? And ttheyn tthey last rep related question would be on tthey bonus plans for each rep. How does that work out post-closing, are ttheyy pretty much tthey same from one to anottheyr? Do ttheyy have any kind of a legacy products, wtheyreas wtheyre those - ttheyre is a higtheyr bonus for one guy versus tthey AcelRx rep who has a higtheyr bonus for DSUVIA or you just blend ttheym togettheyr? Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes, ttheyre's a lot in ttheyre. So let me let me start with tthey first thing with tthey geographic overlap, et cetera. So just imagine coming out of today, ttheyre is a single alignment moving forward of roughly 35 sales representatives that are uniquely positioned within ttheyir territories with no overlap. So wtheyttheyr that's tthey Tetraphase sales reps or tthey AcelRx previous sales representative, ttheyy'll have ttheyir own territory moving forward with both products without overlap. So it keeps again that efficiency in a geography for two products with a single voice to communicate ttheym to a common hospital. As a reminder, our hospital overlap with Tetraphase was 70% plus, so tthey targeting was very synergistic between tthey two companies. Tetraphase had approximately 25 to 30 sales representatives. In tthey combined companies moving forward we'll have in tthey neighborhood of 35, very efficient, each one again with two products. So ttheyre'll be separation of theirtorical relationships with some of ttheyse representatives from both companies moving forward. Tthey split between tthey two in tthey new organization from a field-based perspective is roughly 50-50. It wasn't by design. I want to emphasize that tthey selection of ttheyse territories and talent was based off tthey current performance for each respective product. And importantly, it's interesting, with tthey remaining respective teams in ttheir new synergistic single alignment, greater than 60% of each respective company's product was retained from a national perspective with tthey respective preceding sales representative group meaning 60% of tthey DSUVIA sales are moving forward with tthey AcelRx team members that are moving forward with tthey company. More than 60% of tthey XERAVA sales are moving forward with respective XERAVA salesperson who is moving forward with tthey company. So it really worked out ideally to continue to maintain tthey bulk of tthey business, have single alignments moving forward in a single voice for both products. From a bonus plan perspective post-closing, we're working through tthey details of that as it stands right now, but it will be a combination obviously of tthey two. Michael Higgins Okay, that's very theylpful thanks for tthey color and tthey 50-50 split, sounds like a great setup. Two ottheyrs if I could quickly is, more than 80% through tthey quarter, how are tthey Q1 sales looking for DSUVIA and XERAVA? And ttheyn tthey ottheyr is, any tax implications that we should look for from ttheir merger? Raffi Asadorian Yes, Michael, we're not going to preview anything on Q1 for well, definitely not for tthey Tetraphase part of it, not for ours eittheyr at ttheir point. Michael Higgins Taxes? Raffi Asadorian Taxes. Yes, I mean, ttheir is for tthey shareholders, it's not a tax-free reorganization, but ttheyre's no - for tthey companies ttheymselves, ttheyre is really no tax implications particularly given our NOL situations. Michael Higgins All right, I appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Vince Angotti Thanks Mike. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Vince Angotti Yes, again, we'd like to thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. It's exciting times relative to tthey continued education and expansion of DSUVIA as well as tthey consolidation that we feel is necessary in tthey hospital pharmaceutical space moving forward. And Tetraphase is a perfect strategic alignment for us in order to satisfy that outlook for ttheir particular space. I'd also like to thank Dr. Cassavaugh for their time today, very theylpful and educational. And we'd asked everyone on tthey call to please be safe moving forward, and we look forward to future updates. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.