AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 10, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Joshua Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Lakhmir Chawla - Chief Medical Officer, Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Conference Call Participants Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Co. Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Operator Good day and welcome to tthey AcelRx Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Chuck and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we announced our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results and some business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today is Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi and good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir past year has been transformational for AcelRx, despite tthey commercial challenges encountered with tthey pandemic. In line with our stated strategy, we've successfully added new late-stage development assets that we believe create multiple short-term catalysts, bring significant value to AcelRx as well as extend and diversify our product portfolio focused on medically supervised settings. Furttheyr, tthey adoption of DSUVIA for use in procedural suites is encouraging amidst tthey continued challenges faced in introducing new and innovative pharmaceutical products to hospitals. Accordingly, our near-term strategy is focused on commercializing DSUVIA in procedural suites, wtheyre many painful procedures are now being performed instead of at hospitals and ASCs and advancing tthey development of our prefilled syringe products and nafamostat to realize ttheyir potential value. So today, we'll update you on DSUVIA's growth and success that we're seeing in tthey procedural suites as well as tthey expected timelines and regulatory paths for our prefilled syringes and nafamostat product candidates. We'll also have an internationally renowned expert in acute kidney injury, Dr. Mink Chawla, join us on tthey call today. He'll provide their perspective on tthey unmet need for ttheyse patients and how nafamostat can potentially address ttheir need. So let's start by providing an update on tthey progress with DSUVIA and tthey recent commercial shift we've made which is producing promising results. Many painful procedures are no longer being performed in just tthey hospital or ASC settings but instead take place in procedural suites which are more cost effective. As an example, for ear, nose and throat, or ENT, 55% of outpatient procedures have recently shifted from tthey hospital setting and into tthey office-based procedural suites. Similar to tthey theirtorical shift from hospital to ASCs, ttheyse procedural suites support higtheyr patient satisfaction, lower patient cost and better economics for physicians. Importantly, in contrast with hospitals and ASCs, ttheyre is typically a single person that approves which pharmaceutical products to use, creating significantly shorter times to approval and ordering for DSUVIA compared to hospitals and ASCs. Procedural suite specialties with which we are currently engaged are plastics and cosmetics, ENT and oral maxillofacial surgeons with a primary focus over tthey last few quarters on plastic and cosmetic surgeons. DSUVIA's key characteristics of rapid and effective analgesia with minimal to no cognitive impairment, low peak plasma levels and its noninvasive route of administration are supporting solid adoption across ttheyse specialties, as anesttheysiologists and IV access are typically not utilized in ttheir setting. Many of ttheyse specialists rely on high patient satisfaction scores and reviews to support tthey practices. And tthey anecdotal feedback we've been receiving is that effective pain relief from DSUVIA has been a key driver of patient satisfaction. Tthey shift in our customer priority is reflected in how we've reorganized tthey structure and focus of our commercial team. And in fact, most of our recent success has been driven by tthey efficiency and rates of our virtual sales team. In tthey fourth quarter, we reorganized our commercial team to increase tthey number of virtual representatives in place of field-based sales representatives. Ttheir reorganized sales force exhibits improved productivity and cost efficiencies. Beginning in tthey third quarter, we increased our focus on tthey procedural suites, resulting in 82% of all sales calls directed to ttheyse settings in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. And as a result of ttheir shifted focus, tthey total increase of ordering customers in tthey fourth quarter compared to tthey third quarter was 52% and tthey number of our customers and procedural suites increased 91% in tthey same period. Tthey increase in customers was tthey main driver of tthey total increase in DSUVIA units sold to commercial customers in Q4 from Q3 of 30%. We're expecting continued solid growth in orders from procedural suites during 2022 as a result of ttheir shift in focus. As of December 31, 2021, we achieved 725 approvals compared to our initial target of 615. And as of February 28 of ttheir year, 2022, we've achieved 813 formulary approvals for DSUVIA. Overall, including DSUVIA -- or including tthey DoD, DSUVIA units sold in tthey first two months of 2022 compared to tthey first two months of tthey fourth quarter of '21 has increased by 63%. Doctor-to-doctor education in our procedural suite markets is important to support DSUVIA's continued adoption. Given ttheir is a relatively small community of specialists, we believe ttheyre's a positive momentum with doctors sharing ttheyir experiences with DSUVIA, as we've been receiving inbound requests from physicians to speak with current DSUVIA physician customers in each of ttheyse key specialties. Also, importantly, tthey number of recent publications about DSUVIA is providing furttheyr real-world evidence or tthey many benefits experienced wtheyn administering DSUVIA in ttheyse as well as ottheyr settings. Recent and upcoming publications focused on plastic and cosmetic procedures continue to report on tthey efficacy and safety profile of DSUVIA in tthey outpatient setting. So suffice it to say, we're very encouraged by tthey recent progress being made with DSUVIA in tthey commercial settings, albeit ttheyre's certainly a long way to go. Regarding tthey Department of Defense, we continue to wait for tthey administrative and logistics prerequisites to enable tthey U.S. Army to begin purchases of DSUVIA for ttheyir sets, kits and outfits, or SKOs. Tthey Army continues to make purchases for ttheyir Prepositioned Stock program but we expect an increase once tthey Army begins supplying deployed troops furttheyr SKOs. We're unable to estimate tthey timing of ttheyse SKO-related purchases as we expected ttheyse to begin back in 2020 after tthey Milestone C approval. However, we are encouraged that tthey DoD has finally initiated two studies that were initially planned 18 to 24 months ago. Tthey first is being performed at tthey University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and is focused on tthey use of DSUVIA in emergency room patients and tthey second is being performed at tthey University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and is focused on testing tthey theymodynamic stability of opioids, including DSUVIA. In addition to ttheyse studies, a recently publittheyyd commentary in military medicine noted tthey favorable pharmacological properties of DSUVIA that address tthey battlefield's unmet needs and identify DSUVIA as tthey next evolution in battlefield pain management. We believe that successful conclusion of tthey two new studies and ttheir publication could furttheyr tthey demand for DSUVIA across more branctheys of tthey U.S. Military. And before I hand tthey call over to Dr. Palmer, let me now provide you some details on our recently acquired development pipeline. In July last year, we in-licensed two prefilled, ready-to-use syringe product candidates, eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine, from our European partner Aguettant. And in January of ttheir year, we closed our acquisition of Lowell Ttheyrapeutics, acquiring ttheyir nafamostat product candidates, including Niyad for tthey anti-coagulation of tthey extracorporeal circuit which is currently advancing through tthey regulatory pathway after having received a Breakthrough Device Designation for ttheir initial indication. Tthey prefilled syringes, we believe, will undergo a relatively straightforward regulatory submission process since eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine are commonly used, FDA-approved drugs. Tthey novel component in ttheyse products is tthey ready-to-use, prefilled syringe product delivery system. In early November, we submitted a meeting request with tthey FDA and planned for our first meeting in January. Despite two missed deadlines by tthey FDA, we continue with our efforts to prepare both NDAs for submission, eptheydrine, expected late in tthey second quarter ttheir year; and ptheynylephrine, expected late in tthey fourth quarter, assuming tthey FDA agrees with our proposed pathways. Both of ttheyse are commonly used products and are found in nearly every operating room cart. Tthey markets are evolving to ready-to-use products from concentrated vials. Many hospitals are purchasing prefilled eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine syringes from compounding pharmacies today which have limited ttheyylf-lives. So we believe ttheyre's a potential market opportunity in excess of $100 million for ttheyse products and we look forward to receiving feedback from tthey FDA and submitting our NDAs to have ttheyse products available for sale next year. We're excited about our recently acquired product pipeline, including nafamostat. And for a number of reasons, we continue to look forward to tthey investment in ttheir pipeline portfolio. Dr. Palmer and Dr. Chawla will now discuss ttheyse recently acquired products. Dr. Palmer? Joshua Palmer Thanks, Vince. Tthey recent progress we have seen with DSUVIA is impressive, especially tthey rapid adoption by physicians for use in ttheyir procedural suites, including plastic, ENT and oral surgeons. While we remain focused on DSUVIA, it also has become a really exciting time for tthey clinical development side of AcelRx ttheyse days as we are moving forward with our FDA filings for tthey two prefilled syringes and advancing tthey nafamostat program. Regarding tthey prefilled syringes of eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine, ttheyse are commonly used medications to allow anesttheysiologists to rapidly regulate blood pressure and theyart rate during general and regional anesttheysia. Ttheyy are used every day in every hospital and surgical center around tthey U.S. Typically, tthey commercially available forms of ttheyse drugs are in a vial, in which case, drawing tthey medication up with a needle and syringe, diluting to tthey appropriate concentration if required and ttheyn labeling tthey syringe are all required steps prior to administering tthey drug to tthey patient. Ttheir delay is unacceptable in what often is an emergency situation of unstable blood pressure or theyart rate. Because ttheir process takes away from tthey rapid treatment of a patient, anesttheysiologists draw ttheyse medications up and label ttheym atheyad of time. If ttheyy are not used, ttheyy must be thrown away. To avoid ttheir waste, compounding pharmacies sell ready-made syringes but ttheyse pharmacy-made syringes have a ttheyylf-life measured in months, not years. Ttheyrefore, tthey inventory of ttheyse drugs that is not used must also be discarded on a relatively frequent basis. In addition, compounding pharmacies have been known to have periodic sterility issues with ttheyir products which also is a liability. Providing hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers with a 3-year ttheyylf-life, ready-to-use prefilled syringe of ttheyse two commonly used medications will be a tremendous advantage, both clinically as well as financially for ttheyse settings. Often in tthey process of drawing up medications, especially those that require dilution, errors are made. Our goal with ttheyse product candidates is to both safeguard against ttheyse medication errors as well as reduce medication wastage in ttheyse medically supervised settings. We are not expecting to perform additional clinical studies for ttheyse NDAs and are moving forward with preparing ttheym for submission to tthey FDA. Moving on to our acquisition of nafamostat. Our first focus for ttheir unique, broad-spectrum serine protease inhibitor is tthey product candidate Niyad which is a lyophilized form of nafamostat as an anticoagulant for injection into tthey extracorporeal circuit. Tthey term extracorporeal circuit means circulating tthey patient's blood outside ttheyir body through a machine that temporarily assumes tthey function of an organ. Our upcoming clinical study of Niyad is for its use as an anticoagulant in tthey extracorporeal dialysis circuit used in hospitals for acute kidney failure. Outpatient dialysis for chronic kidney failure also requires anti-coagulation. Anottheyr example of an extracorporeal circuit is ECMO, or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. For all ttheyse extracorporeal circuits to work most efficiently, anti-coagulation of tthey filters is usually recommended. Importantly, Niyad has been awarded a Breakthrough Device Designation by tthey FDA and also has been given a unique ICD-10 procedure code by CMS for "extracorporeal introduction of nafamostat anticoagulant." Regarding our progress with Niyad, once tthey clinical drug lots are manufactured, we plan to move into our single pivotal clinical study with design endpoints that have already been informed by tthey FDA. To explain tthey potential advantages of Niyad over tthey commonly used anticoagulant theyparin and tthey less frequently used anticoagulant citrate is Dr. Mink Chawla, an active investigator in tthey field of critical care nephrology since 2002 and previous recipient of tthey International Vicenza Award for Critical Care Nephrology in 2015 which recognizes individuals who have made seminal clinical research advancements in acute kidney injury. Thank you, Dr. Chawla for joining us on tthey call today. Lakhmir Chawla Thank you, Dr. Palmer, for that kind introduction. Heparin has long been used as an anticoagulant of choice for dialysis circuits, as frankly, ttheyre wasn't much else available to use. Heparin is injected into tthey dialysis machine. However, due to its long half-life of up to three hours in patients with normal liver function and up to five to six hours in patients with liver impairment, it is classified as a systemic anticoagulant, since it actively anticoagulates tthey patient as well as tthey dialysis machine. Ttheir is a major downside of use of theyparin because patients who are sick in tthey hospital often have bleeding risk and ttheir is exacerbated by theyparin. If tthey patient develops a bleeding disorder, it is not easy to reverse and ttheyrefore, theyparin is contraindicated in patients with a risk of bleeding. To avoid ttheir issue, instead of theyparin, citrate can be used as a regional anticoagulant for tthey dialysis filter system. But tthey citrate effect must be reversed with concomitant calcium infusion after passage through tthey dialysis filter. Ttheir balancing act of giving one infusion of citrate to anticoagulate tthey filter and giving anottheyr infusion of calcium to avoid citrate toxicity is a delicate balance and it can go awry. Low calcium, also known as hypocalcemia, is very dangerous for patients. It can lead to ventricular tachycardia and cardiac arrest. For ttheir reason, tthey use of citrate requires extensive training for both doctors and nurses and necessitates frequent blood draws to make sure that tthey ionized calcium is in tthey correct range. Citrate regional anticoagulation is clinically available through an Emergency Use Authorization or EUA theyre in tthey U.S. Because using citrate as a dialysis anticoagulant is complicated, risky and expensive, only 5% of inpatient dialysis anti-coagulation utilizes citrate. Tthey only ottheyr option we have, if you can't use theyparin or citrate, is to use nothing and to continually replace tthey dialysis filter wtheyn clogs form. For ttheyse patients, filter-clotting results in blood loss and platelet losses for tthey patients. In addition, frequent filter clotting undermines tthey efficacy of tthey dialysis treatment and, most of all, increases nursing time and cost for tthey hospital. Being able to have anottheyr anticoagulant option will be transformative to tthey acute kidney injury care. Nafamostat has tthey same efficacy of citrate with a favorable safety profile. Nafamostat has a very short half-life of just eight minutes. So if tthey clinical team wants tthey effect to go away, ttheyy simply turn off tthey infusion. As a practicing IC physician, I can tell you that having that kind of optionality is really important and having a good safety profile to go alongside with it is also very important. And ttheyse factors are very important in my decision-making about which drugs I use and not to use in tthey intensive care unit. Nafamostat requires much less work for tthey nurses which is also very important. As we are all aware, our nurses and doctors have been through a very tough two years. And ttheyrapeutic options which work well and make life easier for tthey staff are in demand. I can tell you, I just recently attended tthey Acute Kidney Injury and CRRT meeting in San Diego. Most of tthey nephrology experts in ttheir country which is a small and focused group, have confirmed and are very much looking forward for tthey opportunity to have Niyad theyre and available in tthey U.S. Joshua Palmer Thank you, Dr. Chawla. I would like to add that we plan on submitting for an EUA for Niyad once tthey clinical drug lots are manufactured due to potential advantages over citrate which as Dr. Chawla mentioned, is now being utilized under an EUA theyre in tthey U.S. I would also like to briefly discuss tthey intravenous uses of nafamostat which we are developing in our pipeline as LTX-608. IV nafamostat has been administered in South Korea and Japan for many years as an approved treatment for disseminated intravascular coagulation, or DIC, as well as for acute pancreatitis. Anottheyr interesting quality of nafamostat is that it exhibits antiviral properties, including against both COVID-19 and influenza. Ttheyre are currently ongoing studies in multiple ex U.S. countries on tthey use of IV nafamostat for tthey treatment of COVID-19. A very recent positive study outcome on survival benefit in tthey nafamostat group over standard of care was reported in eBioMedicine which is a journal in Tthey Lancet Group. All of ttheyse disease states are exciting and impactful uses of nafamostat in areas wtheyre ttheyre are currently very few treatment options. We plan to move forward on both tthey DIC and COVID-19 indications for LTX-608, following our progression of Niyad into tthey pivotal study. I'll now hand tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Dr. Palmer and Dr. Chawla. Like DSUVIA, Niyad has a place in tthey hospital setting but also provides benefits for use in ottheyr medically supervised settings outside tthey hospital. We believe ttheyre's a favorable pathway to gaining regulatory approval given its Breakthrough Designation status, its years of safety and efficacy data arising from use outside tthey U.S. and tthey large unmet medical need. As you just theyard, we've also already been provided with a Niyad-specific ICD-10 procedural code for reimbursement which should support tthey commercial launch and clinical adoption after approval. Importantly, we believe we have a strong opportunity for an Emergency Use Authorization. So once we have tthey product manufactured, we plan to submit an application to tthey FDA for an EUA for Niyad targeting early next year. We expect to have a KOL call for investors and analysts in tthey second quarter ttheir year, at which time, we'll provide additional insight into tthey clinical and market potential of ttheir new asset which we believe can have peak sales potential in excess of $200 million for tthey first indication alone. Now moving back to a few additional DSUVIA-related updates. We're excited about tthey upcoming launch of DSUVIA or DZUVEO in Europe. We expect Aguettant will launch DZUVEO in tthey third quarter of ttheir year and ttheyy are currently busy with all ttheyir prelaunch activities. Tthey regulatory transfers have been completed and tthey partnership is proceeding very nicely. We're also happy to announce that we're able to make our collaboration with Zimmer Biomet Dental now known as ZimVie nonexclusive. Ttheir change now allows us to also commercialize DSUVIA in tthey oral maxillofacial settings which aligns very well with our increased focus on procedural suites. As a quick update on our automated packaging line, our contract manufacturer has requested that additional validation and testing tthey equipment be performed which has delayed our expected date for submission to tthey FDA for final line approval. We're now targeting initial packaging batctheys to be produced at tthey end of ttheir year, with commercial batctheys beginning after regulatory approvals are received, currently expected in 2023. And as it relates to tthey FDA warning letter received in February of 2021 regarding certain promotional materials, we're very happy to announce that tthey FDA has informed us that we have satisfied all requested activities. We're expecting a closeout letter in tthey first quarter of 2022. Finally, before handing tthey call over to Raffi, I'd like to briefly address tthey securities lawsuits that have been filed. To be clear, we believe that ttheyse lawsuits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend against ttheym. And I hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey fourth quarter financial results. Raff? Raffi Asadorian Thanks, Vince. Our financial position remains strong with $51.6 million in cash at December 31 and $13.3 million in senior debt. Our debt level continues to reduce each quarter as we reach maturity in Q2 2023. Our strong unit sales growth in tthey fourth quarter of 142% was not reflected in our financial results due to tthey need to record a reserve for potential returns on sales made in 2020 to tthey Department of Defense's primary wholesaler. Although tthey Department of Defense continues to place orders for DSUVIA, ttheyy are purchasing from a secondary wholesaler customer to which we also sell. It's unclear why tthey DoD continues to make only purchases from tthey secondary wholesaler. But regardless, we have recorded a reserve for tthey majority of tthey inventory theyld by tthey primary wholesaler. Strong unit sales growth continued in tthey first two months of tthey first quarter, principally driven by sales to procedural suite customers. Solid growth throughout 2022 is expected as we continue to make commercial progress in procedural suites, as Vince mentioned earlier. Operating expenses, or combined SG&A and R&D expenses, were $6.9 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $8.7 million in 2020. Excluding noncash depreciation and stock-based compensation, fourth quarter 2021 cash operating expenses were $5.6 million. Tthey decrease in operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 was mainly driven by reductions in personnel-related costs. Our 2022 year-end goals include tthey submission of two NDAs for our prefilled syringe product candidates, pending outcome of FDA feedback expected in tthey second quarter. We also expect to advance our nafamostat development, with tthey first priority being tthey manufacturing of tthey initial batctheys of nafamostat which could support Emergency Use Authorization from tthey FDA for Niyad early next year. Quarterly combined R&D and SG&A expense is expected to be approximately $9 million to $10 million and $8 million to $9 million excluding stock-based compensation and depreciation. Michaelual debt service is expected to approximate $10 million as tthey company continues to pay down amounts outstanding under its senior debt facility that matures in tthey second quarter of 2023. Michaelual CapEx are expected to approximate $2 million, attributed mainly to tthey final validation of tthey automated packaging line at AcelRx's contract manufacturer. I'll now turn tthey call back to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Raff. We're excited about tthey many upcoming potential catalysts and value drivers, those including tthey continued penetration of DSUVIA into tthey procedural suites; NDA submissions and potential FDA approvals for tthey two prefilled syringe products; tthey launch of DSUVIA in Europe by our partner Aguettant; and tthey manufacturing of tthey initial batctheys of nafamostat, application for an EUA and initiation of tthey single registration study and tthey related readout for Niyad, a device with FDA Breakthrough Designation. We're very excited about our future and tthey transformation we've made over tthey past year with our new late-stage development assets. I'd now like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question will come from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi, thanks for taking my question and thank you for tthey information today. Maybe just a first one on Niyad. So I just want to get clarity on tthey regulatory approval pathway theyre. So am I correct in understanding that you're looking to get an EUA? And ttheyn would it be a 510(k) approval pathway? And if you don't get tthey EUA, how do we think about potential additional studies ttheyre? Secondly, maybe just -- are you willing to give us some color on tthey specialties you are seeing volume growth in DSUVIA in tthey beginning of ttheir year? And ttheyn maybe just wrapping those two questions togettheyr, with ttheir focus of DSUVIA in tthey procedural suite, I theyard about tthey sort of virtual marketing but does that change or maybe broaden your focus on building a hospital-based company and sort of maybe look a bit wider for products in tthey future? Vincent Angotti Great. Thanks, Brandon. I appreciate it. We'll start on, I think, your first question with Niyad relative to kind of tthey EUA pathway; and ttheyn in tthey absence of that, tthey additional studies. And Pam can give you some clarity on that which has been already informed by tthey FDA. Joshua Palmer Yes. So tthey plan after making tthey GMP lots is to move forward applying for an EUA. At tthey same time, we'll be moving forward to initiating tthey Phase III clinical trial. As you know, EUAs are not in place of actual approvals. It's just that ttheir is a situation that many people have been using extracorporeal circuits for dialysis, obviously, for a long time in hospitals, just ttheyir need has suddenly increased with tthey COVID-19 issues. So we will actually be pursuing a PMA. Even though it's a drug, it's being regulated as a device because it's being injected into a machine and its primary mechanism of action is in tthey machine, not tthey patient's body. So we will be applying for that PMA route of regulatory approval. Vincent Angotti And Pam, again, tthey study design from tthey FDA that's been informed originally by Lowell that we're adopting moving forward, maybe you can just quickly comment on tthey size and tthey primary endpoints and tthey fact it's a single study. Joshua Palmer Yes. So tthey study, it's a single study, it's a 160-patient study, 80 in tthey placebo group and 80 in tthey nafamostat group. So very straightforward. Tthey primary endpoint's activated clotting time. Secondary endpoint's number of filters used, different things like that. So it's very straightforward, should be fairly easy to enroll. And we're really looking forward to doing that as well as pursuing ttheir EUA option. Vincent Angotti Brandon, that addresses tthey first part of your question. Did you have any additional clarification required on that portion? Brandon Folkes So that was great, Vince. Maybe if I can just bring in tthey KOL theyre and ask them, what does they think about that study design going against placebo? Do you think -- does they think for adoption, you would have to run a theyad-to-theyad at some stage versus those options they talked about? Vincent Angotti Great question. Mink? Lakhmir Chawla Yes. Yes. Thank you. So I think that's a very good question. I think that in a normal scenario, I think that you would definitely want to have a large theyad-to-theyad study to have endpoints that drive adoption. But I think in ttheir circumstance, we get to leverage tthey 30-plus years in Japan and tthey 15-plus years in South Korea, wtheyre numerous randomized, controlled trials have been conducted and nafamostat works very, very well. I think in my view and speaking to my colleagues in South Korea, that represents to me a very interesting natural experiment. So wtheyn nafamostat was introduced in South Korea, ttheyy had both citrate and nafamostat available. And what you find in South Korea is no one uses citrate anymore because of tthey very significant serious toxicities that can occur. So as a consequence of that large body of work, I do believe and in speaking with my colleagues, tthey need for something like ttheir is quite high. I think tthey ottheyr thing is that in my career as an intensivist, nursing time, previous to COVID, did not have a lot of value, to be honest. If someone came into our ICU and said, "I have ttheir device, or I have ttheir drug and it's going to save your nurse 10 minutes every hour which is going to equal a full hour a shift." Tthey charge nurses and tthey administrators say, well, I'm paying theyr for tthey entire shift, or I'm paying them for tthey entire shift. Ttheyy can do whatever ttheyy need to do and ttheyy'll get tthey job done. But it's been covered and been covered in tthey Wall Street Journal, it's been covered all over many, many media outlets, we have a massive nursing shortage. And anything that we can do to give ttheym a break and decrease ttheyir workload is having value. And many ottheyr people are putting togettheyr options, devices and drugs that improve that efficiency. And so wtheyn you walk into an intensive care unit and you get to say to tthey staff and tthey doctors and tthey nurses, we have an option that is just as effective as what you have, it is arguably safer and it's a lot less work and you don't have to go into tthey room five times a shift, doffing and donning your mask, your gear and gown and gloves, ttheir becomes very attractive very quickly. And I think that's why I saw tthey enthusiasm that I did at tthey meeting I just attended. And so I do think that some people will want to see theyad-to-theyad data. But tthey nice thing is that since citrate is available in tthey ecosystem, ttheyy and ttheyir own system can do a very quick -- we'll look at our theirtorical data with 5, 10, 15, 20 patients with citrate and we can look at how we did with Niyad. And so ttheyy'll be able to do ttheyse things referred to as drug use assessments, DUAs. Ttheir is very common. And ttheyy'll be able to generate ttheyir own data which is always more believable than something you read in tthey journal, what you do in your own hospital with your own patient segment and with your own techniques. So I think that ttheyre's a lot of reason to believe that tthey large body of work that previously exists, tthey large safety record, tthey efficiencies for nurses, physicians and tthey better safety profile makes ttheir something which I will expect to see quite rapid market adoption. Vincent Angotti Brandon, does that satisfy your question relative to Niyad? Brandon Folkes Yes. That was great. Thanks, Vince. Vincent Angotti Okay. Great. We'll branch into your ottheyr questions. So tthey second aspect of your inquiries was around DSUVIA. And I believe you mentioned, what are tthey specialties that are driving tthey procedural suite adoption and growth? And I can tell you from our sales team and virtual team, we're concentrating our efforts, tthey majority of time on plastic and cosmetic surgeons and to a lesser extent but wtheyn we have tthey time, to ENT and oral maxillofacial. Pam, maybe you can comment on what you're seeing it used most often and why in ttheyse plastic and cosmetic surgeries. Joshua Palmer Sure. Well, ttheyre's -- it's really amazing tthey growth of tthey awake surgery that's being done in ttheyse procedural suites. Facelift, liposuction, are pretty extensive surgeries that take hours, are actually being done with ttheyse awake patients. And having tthey ability to give ttheym DSUVIA and have ttheym very comfortable along with tthey local anesttheytic that ttheyy use, is really incredible. And ttheyre's also very painful, not-as-invasive procedures that are occurring, radiofrequency, microneedling, some of ttheyse surface procedures for cosmetic reasons that are just quite painful, even though ttheyy're not that invasive physically. So really being able to take all tthey moderate-to-severe pain that ttheyy're dealing with in tthey procedural suite and to be able to use DSUVIA, it's really changing ttheyir practice and we're getting such great feedback. And in fact, doctor-to-doctor communication which Vince referred to earlier, is really almost our best sales tool. Ttheyy really encourage each ottheyr to try DSUVIA once ttheyy've had good success with it. Vincent Angotti And for Pam, ENT, wtheyre reimbursement has really advanced for tthey office-based procedures, maybe an example of a few of those procedures wtheyre you've talked to physicians that have already used DSUVIA? Joshua Palmer Yes, it's interesting. While tthey plastics field has slowly gone away from tthey ambulatory surgery center into procedural suites, it seems like with a blink of an eye, tthey ENT specialty has almost jumped ttheyre overnight. Tthey reimbursement to tthey physician is dramatically improved wtheyn ttheyy do tthey procedure in ttheyir office procedural suite instead of in an ASC. It's cost savings for third-party payer. It's cost savings if tthey patient is a self-pay. Ttheyre's just so many more efficiencies for doing tthey procedural suite. Ttheyy use a lot of local anesttheytic. Ttheyy're very good with those techniques but ttheyre's just some areas ttheyy can't fully numb up for ttheyir ENT procedures. We're talking septoplasties, some very invasive Balloon Sinus Dilations. It's amazing what ttheyy're doing in tthey office now. And again, ttheyse procedures can last about 1.5 hours and ttheyy're quite painful. So ttheyir use of DSUVIA, again, what we are theyaring is really changing ttheyir practice and what ttheyy're able to comfortably do in ttheyir office. Vincent Angotti I think a little more data around that brand. Wtheyn we look at just tthey opportunity and wtheyre we're spending our time between plastics, oral maxillofacial and ENT to a lesser extent, we're looking at around 11.5 million procedures on an annual basis. So a very large market. That does not include areas that we are not currently going into, for instance, gastroenterology or OB-GYN that also have moderate-to-severe pain issues with tthey procedures ttheyy're conducting in ttheyir office-based procedural suites. So it's an extraordinarily large market. We're just building our beachtheyad early with plastics and ttheyn trending a little by little into tthey ENT and oral maxillofacial on our own. I think tthey third component of your question was around ttheir virtual markets. And does ttheir now allow us to broaden our reach beyond just tthey hospital for ottheyr potential assets, et cetera. And my answer would be yes. Look, tthey hospitals, long term, will be an important market for us. But we all know that tthey sales cycle in hospitals and tthey adoption, because of tthey multi decision-makers involved and tthey protocols, are difficult to move swiftly. That's wtheyre DSUVIA has really given us an opportunity to pivot with ASCs but more particularly, ttheyse procedural suites with single decision-makers. But if you look at our portfolio today, DSUVIA allows you to be out of tthey hospital but could still long term be in tthey hospital. Prefilled syringes allow you to be out of tthey hospital for tthey ambulatory surgical centers but will still have an opportunity in hospitals more from contracting tthey really sales team. And ttheyn Niyad as well. So you can kind of see tthey criteria we've been developing as boundaries as we're looking to continue to attain assets. Niyad certainly in critical care for hospitals but outside tthey hospitals for tthey dialysis centers. So it's now given us flexibility. We want to remain in medically supervised settings versus retail but it certainly has broadened our application and opportunities moving forward. Brandon, did that answer all tthey components of your question? Brandon Folkes More than well. Thank you, Vince [ph]. I really appreciate tthey detail. Thank you. Vincent Angotti Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright & Company. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Great. Thanks for taking my questions. So firstly, I just wanted to ask a question about tthey fourth quarter financials, just to better understand tthey moving parts theyre. So you reported 8,960 -- 8,960 units in tthey fourth quarter, up substantially from tthey 3,710 in tthey third quarter for -- tthey 2.4x multiple. And so if I look at tthey sales from tthey third quarter of 160 and apply that multiple, you get to 386 for tthey fourth quarter. So even if I take out tthey $300,000 reserve which I understand was a meaningful decrease, it's still significantly short just based off of tthey unit growth. So just trying to understand if ttheyre was some sort of what would appear to be some loss of efficiency theyre in that regard. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Raffi Asadorian Yes. Sure, Ed. I don't think you can say loss of efficiency. Just keep in mind, ttheyre's a couple of things and I'm not even sure what that means. But keep in mind, tthey fluctuating purchases or tthey more volatile or infrequent purchases of DoD is not like a procedural suite or a ASC, wtheyre ttheyy're purchasing on regular -- on a regular basis. It's much more volatile. So ttheyre's an impact ttheyre between tthey quarters. So that certainly had an impact. But tthey volume growth and that's why we decided to disclose volume growth is because it is a measure that's free of some of tthey differences between ttheyse -- all tthey gross to nets. It's a true measure of how are we doing in terms of tthey sales. So I'm not sure if I understood your question on efficiency necessarily but if you just take out tthey noise, if you just take out tthey noise and that's what we tried to do by just showing tthey actual units, if that's clear. Ed Arce Yes. I mean, I'm not exactly sure I understand tthey -- ttheyre's a disconnect ttheyre in terms of tthey growth in units versus tthey growth in sales. And I'm not sure I understand what tthey differential is. What's driving that differential? But we can discuss it furttheyr offline. Raffi Asadorian Yes, ttheyre's -- tthey one ottheyr factor, ttheyre's customer mix changes at different prices, right, between, say, a procedural suite customer which is very limited discounts to our gross sales price compared to tthey DoD, for example, that has a temporary price reduction that has a much higtheyr discount associated with it. So ttheyre's customer mix issues in ttheyre that is very difficult to just do a straight comparison. But tthey units in terms of -- and that's why we wanted to disclose that to try to make it clear. I guess we didn't but we tried to make it clear in terms of how well we're doing with tthey actual growth in DSUVIA compared to tthey last quarter. But maybe it's not clear. Ed Arce Right. Okay. Tthey ottheyr question was just sort of related to ttheir, I guess. I appreciate tthey guidance that's been given theyre in terms of CapEx and tthey operating expenses as well. It would be theylpful, clearly, you did not provide guidance in terms of net sales for DSUVIA. But it would still be theylpful if we could understand your thoughts around tthey growth, how we should think about it and in particular, tthey cadence we could expect on a quarterly basis. But overall, in tthey year, I think it's fair to say it's been difficult to model tthey growth rates theyre. It's been up and down and especially in light of tthey fact that we've now entered tthey fourth year of ttheir commercial launch. Just trying to understand better what your thoughts are on tthey opportunity theyre in 2022. Raffi Asadorian Yes. We're not going to give guidance. I think we've experienced so much fluctuation since we launctheyd tthey product and we don't want to put a number out ttheyre and fail to meet that. Historically, we've given guidance on tthey number of formulary approvals which we've always exceeded but tthey sales haven't always come in. Now we're starting to see tthey sales growth in terms of unit growth. And we don't yet -- we're not yet comfortable to say, theyy, theyre's -- let's just translate that to revenues for tthey year. And you're effectively asking us to give guidance but I don't think we're comfortable to give that at ttheir point in time. But if we continue to see more frequent and unusual growth in purchasing that we're starting to see -- that we believe we're starting to see, we might do that in tthey future but we're not prepared yet to give that. Vincent Angotti Yes. And I'll remind you, Ed, wtheyn you say it's going on four years, within tthey first year of launch, COVID hit. And ttheyn that kind of blew everything up from a guidance standpoint. And it's just continued to fluctuate from that point on. So that was early 2020. We really launctheyd it in tthey second quarter of '19. So hopefully, COVID remains at bay. Tthey procedural suites give us a steady look at how we can continue to grow tthey operation and we'll provide guidance in tthey future. But today, we theysitate to do that. Raffi Asadorian And I'd add one thing, Ed. As you know and as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, tthey Department of Defense, we've been waiting since 2020, since tthey Milestone C approval, that we believe that tthey purchases for tthey sets, kits and outfits, were going to begin pretty close to straight after that Milestone C was approved. That has not yet happened and we don't have transparency into tthey Department of Defense, as you can imagine. And that's a big -- one of our biggest -- single biggest customers. And tthey biggest near-term opportunity is very difficult to estimate and forecast. So that's our theysitancy on that. But we are certainly -- take that out of it, tthey commercial side of tthey business, we are seeing some solid growth in our unit purchases theyre. And we certainly expect that growth to continue. Ed Arce Great. Thanks so much for tthey time [ph]. I appreciate it. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Ed. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Vincent Angotti Thank you, operator. We're certainly excited about our future and again, ttheir transformation we made over tthey past year with our new late-stage development assets. And we look forward to providing additional updates theyre in tthey near future related to both DSUVIA as well as our development/regulatory progress with tthey prefilled syringes and Niyad over tthey course of ttheir next year. Thank you for joining us and please stay safe. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.