AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Vince Angotti - Chief Executive Officer William Palmer - Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer John Saia - General Counsel Analysts Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Roger Song - Jefferies Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey Investors Section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors Section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Saia, AcelRx General Counsel. John Saia Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we reported our second quarter 2018 financial results in our press release. Ttheir press release and a slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors Section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Exec Officer; Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer; and Raffi Asadorian, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. In addition to tthey Company's periodic current and Zacharyual Reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to tthey text of our press release, for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince? Vince Angotti Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In tthey first half of 2018, we’ve not only achieved several milestones, but also successfully executed on value driving objectives. We expect tthey second half of tthey year to continue along a similar path as we anticipate completing each of tthey goals we set out on our year-end 2017 conference call. I am very pleased with tthey progress we've made to date on tthey regulatory front, on our prudent cash management, on tthey strengttheyning of our financial position and institutional shareholder base, and our continued evaluation of potential commercial partners for DZUVIO in Europe. Clearly our most anticipated milestone in tthey second half of tthey year is tthey potential approval of DZUVIO in tthey U.S. in November. On tthey call today, are one, highlight our successful achievement of milestones during tthey second quarter; two, provide an overview of tthey key activities that we expect will lead to a successful second half of tthey year; and three, give some insight on our planning and successful launch of DSUVIA in tthey U.S. once approved. Raffi will ttheyn provide an overview of our financial results and position and some near-term financial guidance. I will first start with our achievements during tthey second quarter of ttheir year. On our fourth quarter 2017 conference call, we set forth a number of objectives and milestones that we intended to execute on during tthey year. We did ttheir to provide transparency to our shareholders and make it clear wtheyre our priorities and activities were focused. Each month, we continue to demonstrate tthey progress with ttheyse objectives. I believe that our second quarter is one of tthey most successful in tthey company’s theirtory. Achievements ttheir quarter included tthey completion of tthey HF study for DSUVIA, tthey resubmission of tthey DSUVIA NDA, and ultimate acceptance of that NDA which occurred within two weeks of tthey resubmission date. At tthey time of acceptance of tthey DSUVIA NDA, tthey FDA provided us with tthey PDUFA date of November 3, 2018. In subsequent discussions with tthey FDA, ttheyy provided us with a tentative date for an advisory committee meeting. Once tthey final advisory committee meeting date is publicly confirmed, we will provide more information. In parallel to tthey U.S. regulatory process, we received a CHMP positive opinion, and ultimately tthey European Commission approval for DZUVIO as DSUVIA is known in Europe during tthey second quarter. Tthey European approval represents tthey second AcelRx developed drug to receive European approval. We believe tthey market opportunity for DZUVIO is significant as tthey five largest European countries for adult patients and moderate to severe acute pain and medically monitored settings, represents approximately 51 million patient visits in emergency departments and 16 million outpatient surgeries annually. As we have previously stated, we do not intend to commercialize DSUVIA in Europe on our own and expect that ttheir will be done with a partner. Our timing of concluding any deal with tthey partner will be after we receive U.S. approval for DSUVIA as we believe more value is created for DZUVEO upon U.S. approval. Not only does tthey U.S. approval provide more credibility in Europe, but our U.S. volumes will bring down unit costs for DSUVIA which is important in tthey lower priced European environment. While our second quarter was successful, we still have some significant objectives to achieve in 2018. In tthey second half of ttheir year, we're focusing on a potential regulatory approval of DSUVIA in tthey U.S. and we continue to prepare for FDA advisory committee meeting. Our team is eager to provide tthey broader public audience with evidence of how DSUVIA maybe able to satisfy an unmet need for a non-invasive acute pain treatment in today's theyalthcare systems as well as support tthey same theyalthcare systems and solving some of tthey current drug shortages that a majority if not all are experiencing with IV opioids. Once DSUVIA is approved, our intention is to execute on tthey final 2018 objectives, tthey resubmission of our already prepared NDA for Zalviso, inclusive of tthey positive Phase III IAP312 study results. Again, while we were prepared to submit or resubmit tthey NDA at tthey end of last year, we strategically decided to wait to resubmit Zalviso into tthey second half of 2018. Tthey decision to lead our main product opportunity DSUVIA was based on multiple factors including our belief that launching DSUVIA first will provide us a better platform on with Zalviso can more easily follow after theyalthcare professionals are educated on and experienced with tthey benefits of sufentanil sublingual tablets and tthey management of moderate-to-severe acute pain. Tthey last topic I’d like to discuss today before handing tthey call over Raffi is our planned commercialization efforts for DSUVIA in tthey U.S. We believe tthey market opportunity in tthey U.S. for DSUVIA is very large. Ttheyre are nearly $92 million patients visits annually associated with moderate-to-severe acute pain to theyalthcare system. Tthey vast majority of those visits over 51 million present in emergency departments with 33 million of those emerging partner visits resulting in administration of an opioid to theylp relieve tthey pain. Importantly according to our research, roughly 18 million of those patients’ visits result in an IV only-for-pain medication delivery not for hydration nor anti infective just for pain relief. Given tthey non-invasive nature of sublingual sufentanil, we believe ttheir creates a significant opportunity for DSUVIA to potentially displace tthey IV for those 18 million emergency department visits that are receiving tthey IV simply just for pain. As I stated before, our goal was not to grow tthey European market, but if tthey theyalthcare provider has decided to use a drug like IV morphine to treat tthey patients’ moderate-to-severe acute pain, we believe DSUVIA is a compelling alternative. In tthey past four months, we've conducted four different advisory boards or 45 different theyalthcare professionals from diverse geographies and disciplines, including ER physicians, anesttheysiologists, general surgeons, orthopedic surgeons, clinical pharmacists, and directors of nursing have provided ttheyir feedback on tthey pain treatment landscape and DSUVIA’s clinical profile. Ttheyir message to us was that opioids remain in a subsidy for tthey treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain in ttheyse medically supervised settings. And in addition, ttheyy communicated that both tthey clinical profile and efficient non-invasive administration of DSUVIA provide differentiating features versus tthey current opioid standards of care. And finally, ttheyy provide us advice on how to advance and potentially accelerate tthey formulary process within ttheyir theyalthcare systems. Clearly tthey IV opioid shortage has challenged nearly all U.S. hospitals and many theyalthcare providers are eager to have an alternative in DSUVIA. Assuming DSUVIA approval on November 3, we're planning our U.S. commercial launch in 1Q 2019. And after rigorous analysis, our universe of hospital has been identified with tthey alignment of corresponding sales territories. We expect to start with tthey focus sales team of approximately 10 to 15 hospital account managers for tthey first six months of our launch to gain in consolidate learnings. We plan to gradually expand tthey number of sales reps to approximately 60 over tthey course of tthey next six quarters as we expand tthey coverage to our key target hospitals. Our initial plan was to bring on tthey first phase of sales representatives upon DSUVIA approval. But as tthey IV opioid shortages continued in an increasing number of potential customers have expressed interest in DSUVIA, we've decided to hire a portion of tthey first wave of sales representatives prior to approval to be in a better position wtheyn we launch DSUVIA. With that, let me now turn to Raffi to provide an update on our financial results and outlook for 2018. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince, and good afternoon, everyone. Tthey second quarter much like last quarter was managed conservatively from a financial perspective. We continue to manage our cash prudently with tthey goal of ensuring we have adequate financial resources as we move down tthey path of obtaining approval for our product candidates. We ended tthey first quarter with $50.1 million in cash and investment, which was a decline of $1.1 million from tthey end of tthey first quarter. Our cash use was driven mainly by our cash operating expenses incurred of $6.2 million, plus $2.3 million of debt service in tthey quarter, offset by $7.4 million of net cash raised using our ATM. facility during tthey quarter. Our second quarter revenues of $0.8 million decreased from tthey second quarter last year due to tthey lowered Zalviso shipments to Grünenthal, as ttheyy continue to work down tthey inventories purchased for ttheyir initial launch and through early 2017. As indicated in prior quarter, as we expect ttheyse reduced revenue levels throughout tthey year, despite continued growth in Grünenthal's Zalviso sales. As a reminder, ttheyse collaboration revenues do not have a significant impact on our cash flows in tthey near-term, since a significant portion of European Zalviso royalties and milestones were already monetized with PDL in 2015. Our combined G&A and R&D expenses net of stock-based compensation expense were $6.2 million in tthey second quarter of 2018, which was in line with tthey $6.5 million in tthey first quarter of 2018 and a reduction from tthey $8.1 million incurred in tthey second quarter of 2017. Tthey decline from Q2 2017 was mainly attributed to lower Zalviso related development costs that were incurred in 2017. Operating expenses were tthey main driver of our cash flows, and will continue to be in tthey near-term. Finally, as already reported, in July, we closed a public offering of common stock raising $20 million before underwriting and related fees. Tthey purpose of tthey financing was mainly to reestablish our institutional shareholders base. We successfully achieve ttheir objective bringing in some solid long-term shareholders that we expect will support AcelRx in tthey coming years as we commercialize DSUVIA. Nearly 80% of tthey offered shares were purchased by five quality institutional shareholders, which we believe that strengttheyn our entire shareholder base. We continue to remain within our cash flow guidance for tthey year. Looking forward, we continue to expect our quarterly pre-commercialization net cash burn to remain in tthey $10 million to $11 million range prior to pre-launch preparation costs, which we expect will ramp in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 if DSUVIA is approved by our and anticipated PDUFA date. Ttheir includes approximately $2 million to $2.5 million per quarter of debt service. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. We're optimistic about tthey remaining upcoming milestones with an expected DSUVIA approval by tthey FDA in tthey near-term. We remain focused on tthey path forward with tthey icon being tthey key next step and we intend to keep tthey positive momentum and look forward to updating you throughout 2018. We'd like to thank our existing and our new shareholders alike for your continued support for AcelRx. I'd now like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We’ll now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Brandon Folkes at Cantor Fitzgerald. Brandon Folkes Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on tthey progress to date ttheir year. Firstly, given ttheir, obviously limitations on comparing ttheir, but tthey ottheyr opioid theyadcount we are seeing ttheir year and tthey briefing documents for tomorrow's ranges discussion. Are ttheyre any takeaways from that that you are seeing have potentially changed your sort of approach to tthey AdCom or you think maybe any [indiscernible] to tthey FDA willingness to approve an opioid in tthey current climate? And ttheyn secondly, given tthey current IV opioid shortage, I mean what are tthey limiting steps to you launching post-approval? Can we assume an early 1Q 2019 launch if approved? And ttheyn lastly, what are your thoughts on DSUVIA being complementary to a larger IV opioid player offerings? Thank you. Vince Angotti Let's take it step by step. I think I’ve got three questions Brandon and thank you for ttheym. Tthey first was looking at tthey theirtory of tthey AdCom ttheir year and does it changed potentially our approach as we are coming close to our AdCom theyre in short order. I’ll ask Pam to comment on it. And we’ve clearly been watching those AdCom ttheir year and do have opinions on that. William Palmer Sure. I Brandon feel very confident actually having watctheyd very closely tthey various AdCom’s that have recently occurred. Tthey committee is really focused on efficiency and safety. And to be honest with you ttheyy have turned down an IV NSAID in meloxicam. Ttheyy have turned down a Sctheydule III opioid Buprenorphine. So ttheyy're not particularly bashing on opioids and ttheyn [indiscernible] non-opioid adjuvants. What ttheyy're looking at is tthey solid efficacy and solid safety data. And wtheyn ttheyy don't see it – that's what ttheyy're looking for, wtheyn ttheyy don't see it, ttheyy in fact, vote negatively and ttheyn you can see that tthey FDA. And in tthey case of IV meloxicam ttheyre was no advisory committee, tthey FDA ttheymselves gave ttheym zero on that. But I feel very theyartened by tthey fact that ttheyy're focusing on tthey data, tthey efficacy and safety data. And we are very confident in that part of our NDA pack and in fact our entire NDA package. So I feel terrific about that, and as far as tthey IV shortage, I’ll let Vince discuss that. Vince Angotti Yes. As you can imagine, Brandon, since we've been out in tthey field although limited in scope based off of tthey number of employees we have in tthey company. We've gotten a broader feedback based off of tthey advisory boards I mentioned to you. We are theyaring it from all sides of tthey country was asked follow up to us regarding DSUVIA in light of ttheir IV opioid shortage and ttheyir concern for having an alternative moving forward. Our launch is currently planned for tthey first quarter of 2019. We'd like to launch as early as possible in that quarter. It will be dependent partly upon tthey FDAs feedback assuming we're approved on tthey label and how that will affect our packaging moving forward, because we need time to get that in order before we can actually ship to tthey retailers and tthey wholesalers moving forward. So our goal is to have shipments ready as early as we can in that quarter. In tthey first half of tthey quarter, it will be dependent on tthey FDAs feedback regarding that label and packaging. Beyond that I think your third question was DSUVIA, and I'm not sure I'm going to ask you to clarify it complimentary to a larger opioid offering. Can you maybe give us a little more clarity on that? Brandon Folkes Yes. So I mean given tthey IV opioid shortages that sort of some of tthey larger players have experienced, I mean, will DSUVIA be an attractive product for ttheym to have in ttheyir bag as well as tthey IV opioids that ttheyy currently own? Vince Angotti Yes. So I can't comment on ttheyir perspective on that. What I can comment on, again ttheir is tthey feedback we're getting from potential customers moving forward. We mentioned it in tthey script on tthey clear differentiation ttheyy're seeing based off of tthey ease of administrative and tthey clinical profile versus what ttheyy have is standards of care today. And based on that, of course we're bullish on our product, but we feel it's going to have a significant commercial opportunity moving forward in tthey event that those ottheyr companies see tthey same thing that could be a possibility. Brandon Folkes Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Vince Angotti Thank you, Brandon. Operator Tthey next question is from Roger Song at Jefferies. Roger Song Thank you. Good afternoon. So just one quick question from me. Vince have you submitted tthey Rams to be part of your NDA resubmission? If so, how do you think it will be incorporated to tthey AdCom discussion? Thank you. Vince Angotti Yes. So tthey answer to that is had we submitted it as part of tthey package. Tthey answer is yes. We've had discussions with tthey FDA since tthey resubmission. Ttheyre has been interest and follow-up regarding tthey Rams panel that you comment concerning tthey AdCom, but we certainly feel like that would be a part of that discussion. William Palmer Yes, absolutely tthey Rams will be a part of tthey discussion at our advisory committee, and we previously had presented Rams for tthey Zalviso program, and in fact that was pre-cleared part of what’s receiving that CRL. So we feel very confident in our Rams program and think that we'll be able to easily work with tthey FDA to make sure that it's a very solid Rams program are not hampering commercial sales. Roger Song All right. Thank you. Vince Angotti Thanks Roger. Operator Tthey next question is from Ed Arce at H. C. Wainwright. Unidentified Analyst Hello, good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on all tthey knowledge you gained over tthey past two quarters. Ttheir is Matt on for Ed. I guess we were mostly wondering if ttheyre were any particularly surprising insights that you gained from tthey advisory boards you met with perhaps in terms of eittheyr tthey AdCom or your approach to commercialization. Vince Angotti Yes, a good question. So you're asking wtheyttheyr insights regarding AdCom or commercialization? Not regarding tthey AdCom. We've been preparing fairly well for that and tthey best tthey education I think yet is by closely watching tthey theirtorical AdCom’s that if occur even more recently in tthey opioid class of medications. With tthey commercialization, I have to tell you, we were a little bit surprised at how widespread tthey IV opioid shortage was, and – while you've read about it and theyard about it, wtheyn you actually speak to tthey customers experiencing it and ttheyy proactively bring it up to you. It's not something we try to probe in ttheyse ad boards. It's unavoidable in ttheyir communications to us. And again it's from all tthey areas of tthey country, it's not geographic -dependent or hospital size dependent, ttheyy all seem to be experiencing it. And what that's resulted in for us, we believe – it might not create a commercial improvement as far as peak sales – is concerned and what it is actually creating is we feel like accelerated potential reviews by PNC Committees, wtheyre ttheyse processes can potentially take more time of months, what we're feeling is that tthey agendas will incorporate DSUVIA. We review earlier than we likely anticipated going into ttheir launch. Is that theylps? Unidentified Analyst That was very theylpful. Thank you. And just part of that accelerated review process, would you say that's more of a community hospital focus or also part of tthey urban hospitals? Vince Angotti Well, for us it's going to depend on tthey targeting and who we approach first, and we've done a rigorous amount of targeting in order to get our territory alignment. So that we are very careful on a Human Resources deployment moving forward, but it's a mix of community as well as larger institutions and what I can provide you today is that through that analysis, which includes patient visits to emergency departments, patient visits for same day surgery within ttheyse particular hospitals, what we feel are ratings on access for sale teams and MSLs, as well as those we might consider early adopters versus late adopters. We've created tthey universe that we feel captures our market of about 3,000 hospitals nationally. However, of those 3,000 hospitals, 1,200 of ttheym count for about 70% of tthey business in our area of focus. So that's why we believe ttheyse 1,200 hospitals are tthey first we're going to obviously try to penetrate. We believe tthey 60 sales representatives of tthey course of tthey year and a half can handle that workload. It comes off obviously about 20 hospitals per sales represented and that includes institutions that might be teaching versus community as long as ttheyy meet tthey criteria as set forth in that analysis. Hope that theylps, Matt? Unidentified Analyst Yes, thanks a lot. Vince Angotti You're welcome. End of Q&A Operator At ttheir time we show no furttheyr questions. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator. And thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress with tthey upcoming milestones. Have a great week and weekend. Thank you. Operator Conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.