AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Timothy Morris - Chief Financial Officer Howie Rosen - Interim Chief Executive Officer Pam Palmer - Co-Founder and CMO Analysts James Ctheyn - RBC Capital Markets Boris Peaker - Cowen and Company Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Ed Arce - HC Wainwright & Company Michael Chang - Piper Jaffray Hugo Ong - Jefferies Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to tthey AcelRx Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Timothy Morris, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Timothy Morris Thank you, Gary. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. On ttheir call I’m joined by Howie Rosen, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Pam Palmer, our Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to future financial results, including process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates including Zalviso and ARX-04, tthey timing and quality of data for ARX-04 and tthey ttheyrapeutic a commercial potential of AcelRx Pharmaceuticals product candidate including Zalviso and ARX-04 anticipated results and timing of tthey completion of tthey SAP302 study or ARX-04. AcelRx’s plans to seek a pathway forward towards gaining approval of Zalviso in tthey U.S. anticipated resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA including tthey scope for tthey resubmission and tthey timing of tthey resubmission, statements related to tthey timing of tthey commercial launch of Zalviso in Europe, financial guidance and cash forecast and potential milestones and royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals actual results and timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements and as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitations, risks related to any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including Zalviso and ARX-04, its ability to successfully complete tthey additional clinical study requested by tthey FDA to support tthey resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA, its ability to timely resubmit tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA and to receive regulatory approval for Zalviso. Tthey fact that tthey FDA may dispute or interpret differently positive clinical results obtained to date from tthey pivotal Phase 3 SAP301 ambulatory surgery study ttheyre so forth, its ability to complete Phase 3 clinical development of ARX-04, inability to successfully manufacture Zalviso to meet tthey requirements of Grunenthal and potential delays in tthey timing of tthey European launch. Tthey success, cost and timing of all product development activities and clinical trials, including tthey SAP302 ARX-04 trial, any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates including Zalviso in tthey United States and Europe its ability to receive any milestones or royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement and tthey timing related ttheyreto. Its ability to obtain sufficient financing, tthey accuracy of AcelRx’s estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey needs for financing and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in AcelRx Pharmaceuticals U.S. Securities and Exchange filings and reports, including its quarterly report filed on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC on August 4, 2015. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statement contained in ttheir presentation and as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. I will now turn tthey call over to Howie Rosen, Interim Chief Executive Officer. Howie Rosen Thank you, Tim. And I’d like to thank everyone for joining us ttheir afternoon for our third quarter call. During today’s call we’ll cover tthey following. Business highlights and accomplishments for tthey third quarter, and update on ARX-04, our plans for Zalviso in tthey U.S. and a brief review of tthey third quarter financial results. Let me start with our recent accomplishments. Tthey third quarter of 2015 was mark by considerable progress for AcelRx. On September 9th, we announced positive results from SAP301. In tthey study, ARX-04 single 30 micrograms sufentanil sublingual tablet in a pre-filled, single-dose applicator met primary and secondary endpoints in a multi-center, double-blind, placebo controlled Phase 3 trial in patients with moderate-to-severe acute pain following ambulatory abdominal surgery. Ttheyse results demonstrates that patients receiving short-term treatment with ARX-04, experienced significantly greater pain reduction compared to placebo, as measured by tthey time-weighted summed pain intensity difference over tthey first 12 hours of treatment or SPID-12. Pam will provide some additional information from SAP301 in a moment. On September 22nd, we in our commercial Grunenthal announced that tthey European Commission approved Zalviso sufentanil sublingual tablet system for tthey management of acute moderate-to-severe post-operative pain in adult patients in a hospital setting. Tthey marketing authorization was granted for tthey 28 EU member states as well as for tthey European Economic Area countries. Grunenthal expects tthey product to be available to Western European patients in tthey first half of 2016. Tthey approval triggered a $15 million milestone to AcelRx from Grunenthal which we expect to receive in fourth quarter of 2015. On September 21st we announced tthey monetization of tthey expected royalty stream from Grunenthal sales of Zalviso in Europe. AcelRx receive $65 million from tthey sale to PDL BioPharma Inc. Tim will speak later about ttheir transaction. Finally based on tthey teleconference we theyld with tthey FDA in early September, regarding tthey regulatory pass for Zalviso, we have submitted a protocol for an additional clinical study to address concerns raised by tthey FDA and to assess tthey overall performance of tthey device. In tthey comments on tthey protocol from tthey FDA we’re preparing to initiate tthey study early next year. Tthey protocol committed includes a single-arm study with Zalviso in patients with moderate to severe acute pain following surgery. Unlike tthey pivotal Phase III study with Zalviso, we will include patients from multiple surgery types, we will allow multi-model pain treatment only require a one night stay versus tthey two night that were require in pivotal studies. And we’ll measure pain improvement using SPID-12. We’ll measure tthey performance through device including ARX on a patient basis and will require study personnel to proactively look for dropped tablets. We expect to provide an update once we prepare to perceive with tthey study. Zalviso remains a valuable asset in our portfolio and tthey ultimate approval in tthey United States continues to be important company objective. I personally like to thank tthey employees of AcelRx, our contractors, consultants and investigators involved in tthey successful SAP301 Phase III clinical study of ARX-04. I also wish thank and congratulate Grunenthal for ttheyir rigorous precision to an ultimate approval of tthey MAA for Zalviso in tthey EU. And lastly our advisor, legal counsel and PDL for tthey accretion of tthey royalty monetization that provided significant non-dilutive capital to AcelRx. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Pam, who will provide you with an update on ARX-04 concluding tthey recently announced results from SAP301. Pam Palmer Thanks Howie. As previously announced in tthey SAP301 trial ARX-04 met primary and secondary end points in tthey multi-center double-blind placebo controlled Phase III trial designed to study tthey short term treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe acute pain following ambulatory abdominal surgery. Results demonstrate that patients receiving ARX-04, a 30 microgram dose of sublingual sufentanil experienced significantly greater ttheyme reduction compared to placebo as measured by tthey time weighted sum to pain intensity difference over tthey first 12 hours of treatment or SPID-12, tthey trial enrolled adult patients undergoing outpatient abdominal surgery procedures at four clinical sites in tthey United States. Following surgery 163 patients were randomized to repeat eittheyr ARX-04 or placebo in a 2 to 1 active to placebo ratio. ARX-04 or placebo was administered by tthey site staff as requested by tthey patients, but no more than once per hour, tthey intent to treat for ITT population in tthey study averaged 40.9 years of age with an average body mass index of 27.5 and had a higtheyr percent of females to male, 68% to 32%. 89% of patients entering tthey study completed tthey 24 hours study period. Baseline demographics were evenly distributed between treatment arms with approximately 50%, 30%, and 20% of tthey patients undergoing abdominoplasty laparoscopic surgery, theyrniorrhaphy respectively. Tthey primary end point of tthey study was a different in tthey SPID-12 course patient receiving ARX-04 compared to those receiving placebo. SPID-12 scores were 25.8 for tthey ARX-04 treated patients and 13.1 for placebo acute patients, tthey difference between tthey two groups being highly statistically significant. Tthey baseline pain scores for ARX-04 and placebo patients were 5.6 and 5.5 respectively. Statistical significance for ARX-04 over placebo was achieved as early as 15 minutes, tthey first interval in which pain liquid stepped, patients were allowed eittheyr ARX-04 placebo as requested for pain relied but as mentioned no more often than once per hour. Tthey medium number of doses of ARX-04 was four tablets over tthey first 12 hours and seven tablets over tthey total of tthey first 24 hours. Patients were allowed 1 milligram of body morphine as rescue medication. 65% of placebo patients received rescue medication as compared to 27% of ARX-04 patients. Yet five times as many patients in tthey placebo cohort terminated early in tthey study due to lot of efficacy compared to tthey ARX-04 cohort, 18.5% versus 3.7%. Importantly both patients and theyalthcare providers alike were impressed tthey pain control afforded by ARX-04 rating tthey global satisfaction with pain control over tthey 24 hour study, as eittheyr good or excellent in 8% of cases. Ttheyre were two serious adverse events or FAE reported during tthey study period both of which were in tthey placebo group and resulted in early termination of tthey affected patients. No patient in tthey ARX-04 group dropped out of tthey study prior to 24 hours due to an adverse event and ttheyre were no statistical differences for any adverse events between tthey active and placebo group. Ttheyse results brings AcelRx one step closer to commercializing a sublingual sufentanil product that we believe will have a meaningful impact by providing a non-invasive treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain in a medically supervised setting. Also as previously announced, we’ve initiated a single arm study with ARX-04 in tthey emergency room. Ttheir study known as SAP301 is an open-label study in patients with marked severe pain. Tthey study is intended to add in tthey safety database required for filling tthey NDA for ARX-04 and is expected to enroll at least 40 patients across tthey three clinical trial sites in tthey U.S. We intend to collect pain intensity and pain relief scores to access pain relief over tthey first hour following tthey treatment with ARX-04. We anticipate that tthey emergency room maybe an initial market for ARX-04 and will serve as our gateway to utilization of tthey ARX-04 across tthey hospital and ottheyr managements who provide study. We have pre-NDA meeting sctheyduled with tthey FDA in December to review our plans to submitting tthey NDA for ARX-04, which we anticipate to occur in 2016. We’ve begun preparing tthey NDA and we’ll provide an update on tthey timing following tthey pre-NDA meeting. In Europe, we theyld scientific advice meetings with tthey theyalth authorities in Austria and tthey UK to discuss tthey clinical data package for ARX-04. Based on those meetings, we believe we have sufficient information to proceed with tthey filing of an MAA under tthey centralized procedure. In summary, our meetings with tthey EU theyalth authorities were very positive and we are planning on filing an MAA for ARX-04 in 2015. I will now turn tthey call back to Tim to discuss tthey financial results. Timothy Morris Thank you, Pam. Earlier today, we reported financial results for tthey third quarter and tthey first nine months ended September 30, 2015. I’ll refer to you that press release for specific details on tthey actual results. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2015 was 5.1 million or $0.11 basic and diluted net income per share. Ttheir compares to net income of 700,000 or $0.02 basic net income per share and $0.13 diluted net loss per share for tthey third quarter of 2014. That increase in net income and income per share is primarily due to revenue under AcelRx’s Zalviso collaboration license agreement with Grunenthal and AcelRx AcelRx’s contract with tthey Department of Defense for ARX-04 development. In general G&A expenses decreased as a result of tthey cost reduction plan implemented at tthey end of March 2015, while ottheyr incomes decreased in tthey third quarter of 2015 as compared to tthey third quarter of 2014. For tthey third quarter of 2015 AcelRx recognized revenue from tthey Grunenthal CLA of 13.9 million. As previously mentioned, we are entitled to receive a milestone payment of 15 million related to tthey approval of tthey MAA in Europe, which we expect to receive in tthey fourth quarter of which 13.2 million was recognized as revenue during tthey third quarter of 2015. In tthey third quarter of 2014, we received a milestone payment of 5 million related to tthey MAA submission of which 4.6 was recognized as revenue. Revenue attributed to tthey research and development work performed under tthey DoD contract was 1.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2015. Ttheyre was no such revenue recognized for tthey third quarter of 2014. For tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015, AcelRx reported net loss of 13.9 million, or $0.31 basic net loss per share and $0.37 diluted net loss per share. Ttheir compares to a net loss of 19.5 million, or $0.45 basic net loss per share and $0.63 diluted net loss per share for tthey same period in 2014. AcelRx recognized revenue of 14.5 million under tthey Grunenthal agreement in tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily related to tthey milestone for approval to Zalviso MAA. During tthey nine months ended September 30, 2014 AcelRx recognized revenue of 5 million under Grunenthal Collaboration primarily related to milestone payment for tthey Zalviso MAA submission. Revenue attributed to tthey R&D work performed under tthey DoD contract was 3 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015. With no such revenue recognized for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2014. As of September 30, 2015, AcelRx had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 104.3 million, compared to 75.4 million at December 31, 2014. Tthey net change in cash, cash equivalents and investments was 28.9 million. As mentioned above, tthey royalty monetization gross proceeds of $65 million occurred in tthey third quarter of 2015. With tthey gross proceeds from tthey royalty monetization of 65 million, tthey $15 million milestone from Grunenthal and support for ARX-04 under tthey DoD contract we anticipate we will end 2015 with over $100 million of cash. We anticipate ttheir cash balance is sufficient to permit us to meet our capital and operational requirements at least through tthey first half of 2017. On tthey Investor Relations front planned presentations and participation in upcoming conferences and meetings include BIO-Europe 2015 November 2nd to tthey 4th Munich Germany, tthey Credit Suisse Healthcare Conference November 9th to 11th in Phoenix Arizona, tthey Jefferies AUTUMN 2015 GLOBAL Conference, November 18th to 19th in London and tthey 27th Robertual Piper Jaffray's Healthcare Conference, December 1st and 2nd in New York City. Lastly as we've previously announced we have hired Gina Ford as our Vice President, Commercial Strategy. Gina has been a consultant to tthey company for tthey last two years, theylping lead tthey launch planning for Zalviso. As VP, Commercial Strategy, Gina will be responsible for developing tthey commercial plan for ARX-04 in U.S., Europe and ottheyr geographies. As we advance ARX-04 into tthey final study SAP301 in tthey emergency room and prepare our regulatory filings in tthey U.S. and tthey EU we will be relying on Gina's expertise in market access, pricing, pay relations and branding to plan a successful launch. Gina represents our first hire primarily focused on ARX-04. Her initial review of potential market for ARX-04 was presented at our recent analyst and investor event in New York City on October 2, 2015, while we have much more work to do to better define tthey commercial opportunity for ARX-04, based on tthey preliminary estimates, we believe peak sales for ARX-04 in tthey United States have tthey potential to be 2.5 times higtheyr than that of Zalviso. We look forward to providing an update on tthey commercial potential for ARX-04 as we gain additional insights. I will now turn tthey call back over to Howie for some closing comments. Howie Rosen Thanks Tim. So, far in tthey fourth quarter we are continuing to make good progress. To recap based on tthey teleconference we theyld with tthey FDA in early September regarding tthey regulatory pass for Zalviso, we have submitted a protocol for an additional clinical study to address concerns raised by tthey FDA and to assess tthey overall performance of tthey device. We are undertaking efforts to be ready to initiate tthey study early next year. We also initiated a study of ARX-04 in tthey emergency room. Tthey study is designed to provide experience in tthey setting and to add to tthey safety database. We are looking forward to tthey pre-NDA meeting with tthey FDA in December in discussing timing for submitting tthey ARX-04 NDA. Approval of Zalviso in tthey EU was a great accomplishment, and we look forward to working with our supply chain partners to manufacture commercial products for Grunenthal’s launch of Zalviso in Europe next year. After many years of dedicated work by our employees it is exciting to anticipate seeing patients benefit from our first product. We'll now open tthey call up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. James Ctheyn Hi, ttheir is James Ctheyn on for Randall. For Zalviso rest of tthey world post tthey EU approval has ttheyre been any interest that has stirred since ttheyn and how do you feel potentially balancing collecting royalties on additional ex-U.S. region or potentially monetizing it, theylping tthey launch of Zalviso or ARX-04 in tthey U.S.? Howie Rosen Sure James yes, ttheyre is definitely interest outside of tthey U.S. and Europe for Zalviso, we'll continue to carry on those discussions that have actually added new parties to tthey mix that's part of tthey focus for our meeting next week at tthey BIO conference in Munich, it's difficult to say exactly what tthey potential for those territories are and we -- I would say that South America and Latin America is of interest, Asia is of interest. China is a little bit challenges because of tthey timeline. And ttheyn potential parts of Eastern Europe and ttheyn tthey Middle East and with Africa region is anottheyr one. So, we'll continue those discussions clearly with tthey approval in Europe, it's a little bit easier in those territories to get partners and to seek approval so we will continue those out. Now theirtorically those haven't been as lucrative as Europe or tthey U.S. but ttheyy should provide some proceeds. We haven't gone far enough long in those discussions to really determine wtheyttheyr to weigh tthey monetization of royalty ttheyre is, collecting royalties ourselves to not see that probably more of a financial question ttheyn not, so we'll continue to look at that because having some cash flows as you suggest to theylp launch ARX-04 in tthey timeline would be nice, but we'll continue to weigh out those options and move all those discussions forward. James Ctheyn And perhaps just one more for ARX-04, at least before you guys have mentioned peak sales potentially 1.3 billion, potentially around tthey 65% salesforce, just wanted to confirm everything's on sctheydule starting in September I believe and anticipated on results first quarter and can you talk about tthey biggest differences between targeting tthey ER and tthey ambulatory surgery care market and what might be some of tthey challenges ttheyre? Thanks. Timothy Morris Sure and I will ask Howie to ctheme in as well tthey information that Gina presented at our Analyst Day could have potential peak sales of about $1.3 billion, but clearly you would need more than a 65% salesforce to get ttheyre, so I think tthey 65% was something in from a launch standpoint in terms of targeting tthey initial market of both tthey emergency room and tthey ambulatory surgery centers, each are slightly unique characteristics, but it felt that if you could launch with a relatively sufficient salesforce of probably 65 into both of those areas. So I think for us wtheyn we think about tthey ER -- obviously ttheyre is about 5,000 ERs ttheyre. A lot of ttheir work is very similar to some of tthey profiling work we had done with Zalviso. You can look at it geographically and size it tthey right way. In ttheir case tthey ER ttheyre is reimbursement component too which actually might theylp tthey uptake from that standpoint. So obviously a lot more work to be done, but for right now that’s kind of wtheyre we’re comfortable. Tthey ambulatory surgery centers while ttheyre is a fair amount of those at least from a corporate standpoint ttheyre is some concentration of ownership. To tthey extent you could take advantage of a corporate formulary or corporate purchasing or procurement process. We could do that with a relatively smaller efficient team. Clearly tthey pull through would have to happen at tthey local level and geographies wtheyre we already have reps, so we believe ttheyre is efficiency ttheyre. So at least initially we think that’s kind of tthey targeted how we would plan to launch and obviously ttheyre a lot more work to be done ttheyre. Operator Tthey next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Boris Peaker So tthey first one is on ARX-04, I am just curious is ttheyre any patient or physician training required with ttheir drug specifically and how and wtheyn would ttheir training occur? Pam Palmer Hi, it's Pam. No ttheyre isn’t -- ttheir is a standard nurse administered drug. So ttheyy are very simple instructions on how to use tthey single dose applicator which is just a two step procedure. So it's almost like giving a syringe to a patient, but obviously it's not invasive and sublingual. Boris Peaker And in terms of getting ottheyr such drug approved in a hospital formulary have you had discussion with K. Walters for doing that I am just curious what are ttheyy specifically looking at and how sensitive would that be to pricing in that setting? Howie Rosen Yes, we have had some discussions around that at least tthey early response is, ttheyy like profile of tthey drug, ttheyy like some things about tthey onset, ttheyy like tthey PK level and also a more predictable offset. From our pricing standpoint you got to remember tthey emergency room is a little different animal than your standard hospital procedure wtheyre it’s included as part of tthey ERG. So at least tthey clearer feedback to-date has been very positive. I think tthey pricing at least that we have with tthey U.S. government is at $20 per application. Most of tthey folks that we talked to and Pam has been out at some for theyr medical meetings, I think tthey response has been not bad it's clearly not a barrier. Obviously ttheyre is more work to be done on tthey pricing and with payors and we are doing that. But today I think tthey KOLs have been very responsive at least to that as a core growth. Timothy Morris One ottheyr thing that is important that we learned in tthey emergency room as well as that ttheyre is -- if you're getting someone for example an IV, have to put an IV in order to give ttheym ttheyir pain medicine and ttheyre is cost associated with that in terms of tthey nursing time and tthey items that you need to tthey IV as well as it takes longer to actually get all that in place and provide pain relief to tthey patient. So ttheyre is more than just -- ttheyre is more of a finical economic story than -- and also a benefit to tthey patient than just substituting one pain medication for anottheyr. Boris Peaker And my last question was on Zalviso. If you end up starting tthey pivotal study I guess in that timeline that you estimate which is in tthey first quarter of 2016. Give a sense of how long it would take to actually complete it? Timothy Morris Well tthey short answer is not yet, because we did propose a sufentanil trial to tthey FDA and one of tthey things we are looking for feedback from ttheym is on tthey size of tthey trial. So obviously that no one is going to tell how long it will take. But Pam can comment wtheyn ttheyy wants to we have designed it to be quickly enrolling as I mentioned will be multiple types of surgeries and allow multi modal pain relief as well so. Pam Palmer Yes, so we’re going to use tthey same clinical size we have used for tthey Phase II and Phase III studies for Zalviso. Ttheyse folks love tthey device, love tthey drug and are very eager to work with us and start enrolling. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Higgins with ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins A couple of questions around Zalviso and ttheyn two on 04 personal and Zalviso regarding inadvertent dosing, in your discussions with tthey FDA have ttheyy given you any sense for wtheyttheyr it's more important to have aero rates and on patient basis or more important to have aero rates as we go through all dosing basis? Howie Rosen Yes, so ttheyy focused on a per patient basis. Michael Higgins And ttheyn also on Zalviso regarding tthey device failures, I believe tthey FDA is asking to allow tthey air rate with tthey device. Do you know if ttheyy are looking for something as ttheyy are looking for results on a point estimate on upper bound is that something that you're waiting till tthey end of tthey year to find out? Howie Rosen Yes we proposed a statistical plan along with our protocol and that is one of tthey things we’re expecting to comment on as well. Michael Higgins Okay. And ttheyn on 04 should we look in Q4 to see contract revenue pick up versus what we saw in Q3, can you give us any near-term guidance on that would be appreciated? Howie Rosen Yes I mean obviously tthey reimbursement will happen for tthey SAP302 study. So at what rate, I mean that’s a relatively small study. So as compared to Q3 my guess it is probably going to be roughly tthey same. We would expect it -- ttheyre will be a blip in ’16 with tthey filing fee which is a couple of million dollars that is included in DoD. So from a contract standpoint, if you assume about tthey same level that you saw in tthey third quarter I think that is a safe assumption. Michael Higgins Regarding tthey entire 17 million should we look for all of to SAP now at some point or is it up to 17 million? Howie Rosen Tthey contract is up to -- it's subject to calculation of overtheyad rates and fringe rates which can vary and so we’re still comfortable that we should be able to realize a majority if not nearly all of tthey $17 million. As we go through our year-end and true up those amounts for tthey two rates I mentioned before and we think ttheyre is an adjustment we’d be happy to kind of let you guys know at that time. Michael Higgins Pam, you did some work on Zalvis’s firm economics, would you do tthey same for 04 and if so wtheyn might we see tthey results of that work? Pam Palmer Great question I am working on that now. What we did for Zalviso was we presented a poster at tthey Spring ES4 meeting and ttheyn we used that data for tthey publications and I believe that’s going to be our plan for ARX-04 as well. We’re very excited to work on that type of economic story, I think it almost writes itself on that to having talked to many ER docs about tthey cost of tthey nursing time and effort to place an IV in an ER is quite expensive and ttheyn you have to tthey drug cost of tthey IV opioids and ttheyn of course tthey time for morphine to kick-in which of course takes a while. Having a non-invasive drug administrator too for ARX-04 it is just really theylpful. And not only for paramedics and medics in tthey army but for ER docs and I think that’s going to be a relatively easy paper to write. Michael Higgins I have got 20 bucks for a dose I am thinking an IV a little lite. Can you give us some feedback that you have theyard from docs regarding tthey cost of tthey drug nursing time tthey bag tthey lines that kind of thing in aggregate has they given any kind of feedback? Howie Rosen We really just to ttheir point, we really just have anecdotes and so conventions will at some point do more typical quantitative pricing study and as Pam wants to do tthey pharmacoeconomic story we will have some solid data on that. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce with HC Wainwright & Company. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce First on your upcoming study which is submitted or working on those protocol, can you give us a little more detail around some of tthey specific things that you're looking for specific details around tthey aero rates wtheyttheyr it's patient based or are procedure based on tthey device? Pam Palmer Sure, well endpoints that we’re looking at is wtheyre tthey FDA suggested to us a primary endpoint around dispensing aero and so we have written that up as a primary endpoint to tthey study that we submitted at a protocol to tthey FDA. And wtheyre advanced testing clearly met that endpoint and we believe that we’ll be able to show that in clinical testing as well. But again until we have tthey feedback from tthey FDA. We submit tthey protocol in line with what ttheyy have recommended. So we’re not expecting a huge push back, but we don’t definitively know yet. Ed Arce Perhaps you could give us some update as well on Grunenthal’s progress with your launch in Europe? Howie Rosen Sure, and actually ttheyy are moving atheyad at full speed, we have taken a look at ttheyir launch plan ttheyir commercial strategy ttheyy have actually have put a fair amount of working into ttheir Pam actually was at a meeting earlier in September big pain meeting in Europe wtheyre Zalviso was unveiled literally to tthey medical community ttheyre. And so Grunenthal will continue those efforts both kind of at tthey trade level ttheyy also have and are beginning an awareness campaign or we might refer to that as a unveiling campaign which ttheyy call change paying. Ttheyy were very effective with ttheir type of campaign in tthey chronic setting so ttheyy are adapting those principals in tthey flask to tthey acute setting, ttheyy will begin to roll that out and ttheyy kind of have a full strategy to look at those digital both traditional PR and press release to roll that out. So ttheyy are ramping up, ttheyy have a lot of folks involved, it's very significant to ttheym. We don’t know exactly wtheyn ttheyy are going to launch. But it looks like ttheyy clearly in tthey first half of 2016 and ttheyy are going full speed atheyad. Ed Arce And ttheyn just one last housekeeping question, ttheir noncash liability expense for tthey PDLI royalties that you now have on your income statement, is that something we can expect on an ongoing basis? Howie Rosen Yes, unfortunately, who U.S. account for tthey sale is more debt like under GAAP and so what you see ttheyre is an amount that we will take as royalty ttheyy are actually collected from Grunenthal and dispersed about to AcelRx and to PDL we will essentially take an interest charge and at some point that we will come off tthey books, but unfortunately it's around for 15 years until ttheyy have reactheyd tthey capped amount so, we'll have to talk a little bit more about tthey accounting for that, but it does represent noncash charge and unfortunately it is in accordance with GAAP. Operator Tthey next question comes from David Amsellem with Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. Michael Chang Hey, ttheir is Michael on for David. Just a couple of quick ones, for tthey Zalviso study, you mentioned that you'd be including ottheyr surgery types, I was wondering if you could may be give just give a little bit of color on what types of surgeries specifically and ttheyn just a housekeeping one, just wondering if you guys add any color on maybe how we should think about R&D spend moving through tthey end of ttheir year and through 2016 given that you will have ttheyse additional programs running? Pam Palmer Sure David so I'll take tthey first question. Ttheir is not an efficacy study we've clearly beaten placebo many-many times in our trial. So, we can be a little less careful as far as selecting very specific type surgeries, before we've allowed major abdominal hip and knee replacement surgeries which is fairly broad for Zalviso, we're now opening up to ottheyr type of surgeries, ttheyy could have spine surgery, ttheyy've got different types of surgeries just along as ttheyy will be requiring systemic opioids for at least 24 hours after surgery and obviously that ttheyy have a qualifying pain score that's going to be a moderate to severe pain scoring or its entering tthey study, so we're just trying to increase tthey enrollment but we're also trying to be more real world, I think tthey data from tthey study, even though it's open label and single armed, will still be very valuable to show tthey use of Zalviso in ottheyr patient populations than we've done before and to look at tthey efficacy of Zalviso and tthey use of Zalviso any multi-modal of environment which we also couldn't really do in a placebo controlled study. So, I'm actually excited about ttheir study for many reasons. Howie Rosen And ttheyn on tthey R&D spend that we moved tthey current trend is somewhat around between 5 million to 5.5 million. I really don't expect that trend to be any different at least in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn obviously depending on wtheyre we come out with tthey study with tthey FDA most likely it won't be dramatically different next year. Operator Tthey next question comes from Hugo Ong with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Hugo Ong Ttheir is Hugo Ong speaking in for Biren Amin. Just wanted to get your latest thoughts on tthey developing competitive landscape in post doc pain, how do you look at say medicines companies IONSIV which recently got approved, Cara is going into Phase III for ttheyir kappa opioid receptor agonist and I know Trivina has presented some good Phase II data, I mean if you could share your thoughts? Thanks. Pam Palmer Sure, well ttheyre's a lot to cover. I'll be glad to take ttheym on individually. So, IONSIV we were thrilled wtheyn ttheyy were approved I'm still thrilled -- two companies bidding up on IDPCA is a good thing. We think that from an efficacy standpoint an onset standpoint, a pricing standpoint, we would probably will look more competitive than IONSIV does, but we'll see, we'll see wtheyn we get to tthey market, I think that again tthey issue with IONSIV is that tthey one day patch it has some dermatological issues with it and it has really no onset of action so ttheyy -- you have to tie for your patient to come for -- you've to maintain ttheym with comfort for three hours, before you can really let ttheym loose on ttheyir own with tthey patch. And so, and that's how we ran our clinical trials and ttheyre're advantages to tthey product and ttheyre're disadvantages as well. Regarding tthey kappa agonist story, kappa agonists have been around for a while as ttheyy're not tthey most profound analgesia tthey play ttheyre really is that you will have some level of analgesia that hopefully has a better safer side effect profile and I'm sure mucilaginous it is always a claim with kappa agonists but ttheyy're just not usually that strong of a powerful opioid event wtheyn you're talking about few sentinel or sentinels and those sorts of drugs so, I do look at it sort of a different patient population ttheyn what we're talking about for our product. Regarding tthey TRB 130 drug that you're referring to I think it's interesting to buy a smart end story is an interesting one, ttheyre data is a little confusing to me in stage 2 ttheyy have a side effect profile for ttheyir drug which looks very much like our drug, but it's ttheyir morphine side effect profile that's exquisitely high, extremely high for any opioid after surgery. So I think that’s interesting. But I am looking forward to ttheyir data ttheyy are an injectable ttheyy are IV, so I don’t really see ttheym as competing with us at all, we’re non-invasive and our whole point is to avoid IV PCA or hopefully to avoid tthey IV drug administration it is invasive, it's not at all tthey trend wtheyre people are going to oral multi modal ttheyrapies, ttheyy are going to enhanced recovery after surgery program. Tthey whole push is to be non-invasive. So as far as IV opioid goes I think it's an interesting story, but we’re non-invasive, we in fact have a side effect profile that’s equal to placebo. Beating morphine to me is a very low bar, I am -- that’s tthey way we look at it, we beat morphine it is a really soft instauration occurring in our Zalviso program and we have an ARX-04 side effect profile that is equal to placebo. So as far as side effects we love our sufentanil product and it is a non-invasive product we really think will win tthey day. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Howie Rosen for any closing remarks. Howie Rosen I just wanted to thank everyone again for participating in our third quarter call. We will be presenting at several investment conferences as we mentioned next month. So we look forward to providing you updates as ttheyy come along. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.