Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call February 14, 2020 1:00 PM ET Company Participants David Waldman - IR Jan D’Alvise - President and CEO Pierre Lemieux - COO, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder Brian Groch - Chief Commercial Officer Willie-François Boily - VP, Finance Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Toby Ma - Mackie Research Operator Ladies and gentlemen, Hello and thank you all for your patience and for joining today’s Acasti Pharma Third Quarter 2020 Business Update Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode, but you will have an opportunity to ask questions after today’s prepared remarks. Today’s session is being recorded. And with that, I am pleased to turn tthey floor over to Mr. David Waldman with Investor Relations. Welcome, David. David Waldman Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Acasti Pharma’s third quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are Jan D’Alvise, President and CEO; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder; Brian Groch, Chief Commercial Officer; and Willie-François Boily, Vice President, Finance. If you have any questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey Company, please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020. I’d also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts, constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. Federal Security Laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms believes, belief, excepts, intend, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue, or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call include but are not limited to information or statements about Acasti’s strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of management; Acasti’s ability to conduct all required clinical and non-clinical trials for CaPre, including timing and results of those trials; tthey timing and tthey outcome of licensing negotiations; CaPre’s potential to become tthey best-in-class cardiovascular drug for treating severe hypertriglyceridemia; Acasti’s ability to commercially launch CaPre to funds its continued operation; CaPre’s potential to meet or exceed tthey target primary endpoint of reducing triglycerides by 20% compared to placebo; Acasti’s ability to report top-line results for TRILOGY 2 within tthey contemplated timing; as well as Acasti’s ability to report key secondary and exploratory endpoints from both TRILOGY studies within tthey concentrated timing; and Acasti’s usability to file an NDA based on tthey TRILOGY studies. Tthey following statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement, tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking Information section contained in Acasti’s latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent Management’s Discussion and Analysis, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on tthey Investors section of Acasti’s website at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti’s public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commission, including Acasti’s latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent MD&A. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D’Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D’Alvise Hey. Thanks, David. And I want to welcome everyone participating on tthey call today. I’d like to start by expressing my gratitude to all of our shareholders for your patience and support. We realize ttheir has been a real volatile period for our stock. And we have been very limited in what we’ve been able to disclose to-date. To tthey extent possible, I’d like to use ttheir conference call today as an opportunity to provide you with some additional insights on tthey unexpected TRILOGY 1 results that we reported in January, tthey status of our ongoing investigations, tthey potential implications of those investigations, and possible next steps. That said, I’d also like to say that I’m cautiously optimistic that tthey information we gained from ttheir investigation may provide us a viable path forward with tthey FDA. Now, as we had recorded last month, we achieved a 30.5% and tthey 36.7% reduction in triglyceride levels compared with baseline, among patients receiving CaPre at 12 and 26 weeks respectively, as well as a 42.2% reduction in triglyceride levels among patients receiving CaPre at 12 weeks, while on a background of statin ttheyrapy. Ttheyse results were in line with our expectations based on previous studies that we conducted with CaPre and based on tthey fact that tthey TRILOGY trials were being conducted in a much sicker, severe hypertriglyceridemia population. However, as all of you are well aware, despite tthey meaningful triglyceride lowering in tthey CaPre arm, tthey study did not reach statistical significance. Tthey observed reductions in tthey triglyceride levels in tthey placebo group were far greater than anything seen in previous triglyceride lowering trials with tthey prescription omega-3. In ttheyse previous trials, tthey placebo responses ranged from a positive 16% to a negative 17% across 18 separate intervention arms with tthey placebo response in more than 75% of those arms ranging between a plus or minus 10%. So, our observed placebo response was 2 to 3 times what would have been ottheyrwise expected. We believe it’s highly unlikely that tthey placebo used in TRILOGY, which is simple cornstarch, could achieve a 27.5% median reduction in triglyceride levels at 12 weeks. Cornstarch is a complex carbohydrate with a low glycemic index. Note that a low fat diet derives about 55% of energy from carbohydrates, which would represent about 180 to 220 grams of carbohydrates per day. Consequently, taking an additional 4 grams per day of cornstarch, which represents only about 2% of tthey daily intake of carbohydrates, doesn’t significantly add to ttheir expected daily intake. In addition, cornstarch is generally regarded as safe and is a commonly used placebo in tthey pharmaceutical industry. It’s also known as tthey so called sugar pill and it’s well known to be an inert and inactive excipient with low nutritional value. So, for ttheyse reasons, cornstarch would be expected to have a neutral effect on key biomarkers of patients in tthey placebo group. And ttheyrefore, it’s highly unlikely to be a contributing factor to tthey unusually large placebo effect that we saw in TRILOGY 1. So, that left us with two possible explanations. First, eittheyr ttheir outcome was simply due to chance, which we view as highly unlikely, or something related to how tthey patients were screened and qualified for tthey study or how tthey trial was conducted must have contributed to ttheir unusually high placebo response. Consequently, ttheir is wtheyre our investigations are focused. Immediately after reporting our top-line results and with tthey theylp of our clinical and statistical advisors, we dug into tthey data and we noted a very high placebo response at 5 sites out of tthey total of 54 enrolling sites, which appeared to disproportionately contribute to tthey overall placebo response and treatment effect. Armed with ttheir information, we immediately launctheyd a full investigation including an audit of ttheyse sites as well as a compretheynsive review of all data and records from all patients taking both CaPre and placebo in order to identify a possible root cause of tthey unprecedented placebo effect. It’s important to note that while ttheyse five sites accounted for about 36% of tthey 242 patients enrolled in TRILOGY 1, ttheyy accounted for only about 12% of tthey total 278 patients in TRILOGY 2, with tthey majority of ttheyse patients coming from only three of those five sites. Before discussing tthey key aspects of tthey audit, I’d like to comment on tthey TRILOGY protocol and trial design as several investors have speculated that perhaps it was faulty in some way. I’d like to emphasize that our protocol was very consistent with ottheyr omega-3 ttheyrapeutic trials conducted in a severe hypertriglyceridemia population. Tthey inclusion and exclusion criteria were virtually identical with ttheyse previous studies. With tthey exception that TRILOGY allowed patients on concomitant fibrates, provided however that ttheyir triglyceride levels were stabilized going into randomization. And in fact, only 17 patients in TRILOGY 1 were actually on fibrates and all appear to have been properly stabilized before starting on CaPre or placebo. Now, anottheyr difference in tthey protocol design is that TRILOGY ran for a total of six months or 26 weeks, although our primary endpoint was read out of 12 weeks, which is identical to all of tthey ottheyr omega-3 studies in severe hypertriglyceridemia. However, while tthey protocols were virtually identical, we did note some differences in tthey patient demographics, with TRILOGY 1 having a higtheyr proportion of patients with diabetes. We had about 50% of our patients -- were diabetic versus 27% in Amarin’s MARINE trial, and 37% in tthey EVOLVE trial with EpanoVa. Also, about 43% of tthey patients in TRILOGY 1 reported concomitant use of tthey statin, which is actually about tthey same percentage as what was seen in EVOLVE, but compared to only about 20% of patients who are on statins in MARINE. Furttheyrmore, tthey sites were monitored by our CRO and by us throughout tthey TRILOGY 1 trial to ensure adtheyrence to tthey protocol. Our CRO is one of tthey world’s largest clinical research organizations and ttheyy manage trials for many of tthey largest pharmaceutical companies in tthey world. Furttheyrmore, ttheyy have a lot of experience conducting trials in hypertriglyceridemia. Now, having said that, despite both, our CRO and tthey Company having conducted routine patient and site monitoring activities throughout tthey TRILOGY 1 trial to ensure adtheyrence to protocol following tthey unblinding of TRILOGY 1 and tthey start of our investigation, we identified some unexpected and inconsistent findings that we believe may have negatively contributed to tthey overall top-line results. Ttheyse findings are now being very carefully explored via a compretheynsive and rigorous review of tthey data and patient medical records by an independent team of auditors. We’re working very closely with our CRO, our principal investigator, Dr. Mozaffarian, who has been extremely theylpful, as well as our ottheyr clinical and regulatory advisors. We’ve put togettheyr a team of experts who are conducting a thorough review of all data and records from patients taking both CaPre and placebo. We’re making steady progress with tthey audit of tthey clinical sites and additional post hoc analyses. We believe that we now have a better understanding of what may have contributed to tthey unusually large placebo response. And we hope that tthey results of tthey site audits and tthey additional data analyses will provide us with confirmation and validation. Once we have all of tthey information and data compiled, we plan to request a meeting with tthey FDA to discuss and get ttheyir feedback on a proposal to potentially adjust tthey statistical analysis plan for TRILOGY 2 based on ttheyse findings from TRILOGY 1. Now, specifically, some of tthey key areas of focus for our investigations include but are not limited to tthey following. First, we want to determine wtheyttheyr all patients, enrolled and randomized in TRILOGY 1, came from a valid study population. Ttheir means we need to verify that all patients were properly confirmed by ttheyir patient theirtory and fasting triglyceride levels during screening and tthey study qualification process as having severe hypertriglyceridemia, before ttheyy were randomized to placebo or active drug. Second, we need to confirm that tthey protocol was strictly followed at each of tthey five sites throughout tthey entire screening, randomization and trial periods. And related to that, we want to know if all patients not just at tthey five sites were actually compliant throughout tthey study, despite indicating to tthey clinical staff at each clinical site that ttheyy actually took tthey drug, we can verify wtheyttheyr ttheyy actually took CaPre by looking at levels of EPA and DHA in ttheyir blood at each time point before and during tthey trial. And finally, we want to verify wtheyttheyr patients inappropriately resumed use of ottheyr lipid-lowering drugs after being wattheyyd out during screening and/or wtheyttheyr ttheyy were properly stabilized on any concomitant ttheyrapy prior to tthey start of tthey trial. So, as you can see, ttheyre are a number of factors that we will continue to pursue and assess. And it’s extremely important that we fully understand and are able to validate what may or may not have contributed to tthey unusual and unexpected results in TRILOGY 1, and ttheyn determine to what extent any of ttheyse factors may also have impacted TRILOGY 2. We’re moving as quickly as possible now to complete ttheir work and to secure a meeting with tthey FDA to discuss tthey TRILOGY 1 data, and our rationale and proposal for revising our statistical analysis plan for TRILOGY 2. We clearly want to seek FDA guidance prior to unblinding TRILOGY 2. Ttheir is very important to give TRILOGY 2 tthey best chance of success. Once we submit our meeting request to tthey FDA, which we expect will occur in tthey second quarter of 2020, tthey FDA will ttheyn have 75 days to respond and ttheyn sctheydule a meeting for us to present our data, ask our questions and for tthey FDA to provide feedback and guidance. We regret that we’re currently unable to share any additional information and data from our investigations at ttheir time. But, until we can complete our audits and get tthey FDA’s perspective and guidance, our current information will continue to be preliminary and subject to change. Consequently, we made tthey determination that it was absolutely critical to first complete a thorough investigation of tthey data and in turn review ttheir data with tthey FDA before reporting our findings from TRILOGY 1, and what we might see as tthey potential implications for TRILOGY 2. Please also bear in mind that we would not be planning a meeting with tthey FDA, if we did not feel it was justified, based on our current understanding of tthey data and what we believe impacted tthey success of TRILOGY 1. Again, we recognize how frustrating ttheir delay is for our shareholders. However, we need to systematically work our way through ttheir investigation and do everything possible to position TRILOGY 2 for success. As a result, we currently anticipate tthey unblinding of tthey top-line results for TRILOGY 2 sometime in calendar Q3 of 2020. Acasti will provide furttheyr guidance as to tthey timing of tthey reporting of TRILOGY data, based on tthey progress of tthey audits and feedback from tthey FDA. Given ttheir timing for tthey top-line data, we would expect to report key secondary and exploratory endpoints from both TRILOGY 1 and TRILOGY 2 studies, as soon as possible, after tthey unblinding of TRILOGY 2. Now, as we’ve noted previously, ttheyre is establittheyyd precedent for tthey FDA accepting post hoc analyses of study results assuming tthey analyses are transparent, well-justified and well-supported. If tthey interpretation of tthey analyses produced as an outcome of tthey audits and post hoc data review are supported by tthey FDA and if TRILOGY 2 achieves statistical significance, we believe we may still have a viable path forward to file an NDA for CaPre. Now, switching gears a bit. I’d had a lot of questions recently from shareholders regarding our current cash position and how long it will last us. As you saw in ttheir morning’s press release, as of December 31, 2019, we had $25.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which we project will provide us with sufficient funding through at least December of ttheir year, December 2020. I also want to emphasize that we currently have no plans to raise additional capital until we have completed our meeting with tthey FDA, which of course will clarify our regulatory path forward and until we have unblinded TRILOGY 2 and tthey data is reported. Given our current cash position, we’re not dependent on our share price at tthey moment. And while tthey delay has certainly led to share price volatility in tthey near term, ultimately we believe our success will be measured by tthey final data that we report. Ttheyrefore, we’re taking a long-term view. And we have chosen a path that we believe will maximize our chances with tthey FDA and in turn maximize value for our shareholders. So, to wrap up, we’re working as quickly as possible to complete tthey investigations into TRILOGY 1, prepare a meeting package and secure a meeting with tthey FDA. Based on our Phase 2 data -- or Phase 2 trial results and tthey preliminary findings of our investigation into TRILOGY 1, I personally remain very confident in tthey potential of CaPre and look forward to providing furttheyr updates as soon as possible. So, with that, I’ll now turn it over to Willie-François Boily, our VP of Finance, to present our Q3 financial results. Willie-François? Willie-François Boily Thank you, Jan. Turning to our results for tthey quarter. R&D expenses before depreciation, amortization and stock-based expenses were $4.2 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2019, compared to $8.8 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2018. Tthey $4.6 million decrease was mainly attributable to a $5.6 million decrease in research contracts. That lower research contract expense is primarily attributed to tthey Phase 3 clinical program getting closer to completion. General and administrative expenses before stock-based compensation expenses were $1.6 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2019, compared to $800,000 for tthey three months ended December 31, 2018. Our loss from operating activities for tthey third quarter ended December 31, 2019 was $7.9 million compared to a loss from operating activities of $10.7 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2018. Tthey decrease again was due mainly to a reduction in research contract expenses as our Phase 3 clinical program is getting closer to completion. Our net loss for tthey quarter ended was $15.7 million or $0.18 per share, compared to a net loss of $4.6 million or $0.07 per share for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2018. Tthey higtheyr net loss was primarily due to tthey non-cash financial loss of $7.9 million for three months ended December 31, 2019, which was due mostly to tthey change in tthey fair value of tthey warrant derivative liability partially offset by a decrease in tthey number of warrants. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $25.7 million as of December 31, 2018, compared to $28.9 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2018. Tthey decrease was mainly generated by tthey operating losses, partially offset by tthey net proceeds from tthey sales of share through tthey establittheyyd ATM, at-tthey-market program, and tthey recent exercise of warrants. As Jan stated earlier, we believe that existing cash will fully fund tthey Company’s operation through at least December of 2020. Operator, we’ll now open tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Very good. Thank you all for your remarks today. [Operator Instructions] We’ll theyar first from Leland Gerttheyyll at Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Leland Gerttheyyll Hey, Jan and team. Thanks for taking my question. Just one question for me at ttheir point your discussions with your regulatory and perhaps statistical advisors, wondering to what extent tthey FDA would be insensitive to a P value that may be more rigorous than point 0.5, perhaps 0.1 or ottheyr as requirement for TRILOGY 2 with respect to what’s happened to TRILOGY 1 to a potential approval? Thanks. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Thanks, Leland. Pierre Lemieux, can you take that question? Pierre Lemieux Well, I mean, it’s obvious that tthey investigation will need to describe well tthey ptheynomenon that was observed in TRILOGY 1. And despite tthey fact that we don’t -- we might not necessarily see -- show a significant P value, being close to it will be theylpful to make tthey point. And so really, FDA will consider that post hoc analysis, based on what we’ve theyard from our regulatory experts. And I think that observation will be important to translate into TRILOGY 2. So, if ttheyre’s anything we can do in tthey SAP of TRILOGY 2 to improve tthey outcome and meet tthey primary endpoint. Even though we might be truncated on tthey number of patients, it’s still a good story. And ttheir is what we’re going to need to do with tthey FDA once we meet with ttheym. And it’s going to be a review issue, obviously. But still, ttheyre’s some precedence wtheyre companies can have even non-significant P value and yet still make tthey point to FDA that ttheyre was a, I would say, medical benefit, or maybe some potential post commitment, post approval commitment with tthey FDA. So, it’s a very good question. It all depends on how tthey FDA will react to in tthey feedback that we’re going to get from FDA and also what we could learn from tthey FDA. I’m pretty sure that ttheyy’ve seen that sort of a situation before. And honestly, I think ttheyy want to see tthey success of good product. So, if ttheyre’s anything scientifically that we can explain, even though we might be short on tthey P value for TRILOGY 1, and tthey TRILOGY 2 is turned out to be positive, it is still a good story and a possibility to improve tthey product. Leland Gerttheyyll Yes. I guess, [Technical Difficulty] Jan D’Alvise Leland, did you have any furttheyr question? Operator Leland, I believe we lost connection with your line. [Operator Instructions] All right. He’s re-singled. Sorry about that. Mr. Gerttheyyll. Please go atheyad. Your line is reopened. Leland Gerttheyyll I wanted to just push a little furttheyr on that question. Just with regard to tthey level of significance in tthey P value that you ultimately get from TRILOGY 2, to what extent would it matter, should you be more stringent, let’s say at a P 0.1 [ph] or better level versus between P 0.1 [ph] and P 0.5 [ph] in TRILOGY irrespective of what ultimately transpires with your post hoc and site review for TRILOGY 1? Pierre Lemieux Obviously, TRILOGY 2, that’s why we’re taking some very good time to exchange with FDA. So for us TRILOGY 2, tthey likelihood of getting an approved product is really -- will really base on tthey success of TRILOGY 2. So, what we’re looking for is a P value of 0.05. And so that’s what we’re looking for. So, as I said before, you can have one trial that is positive. And tthey second one might not be -- or tthey one that we’ve seen with TRILOGY 1 is not as is. But, if we start explaining why, tthey combination of tthey two, because at tthey end of tthey day what we’ve been requested to do was to have three Phase -- two Phase 3 trials. And it’s exactly for that reason that you see reproducibility. But, ttheyre might be an explanation for not being able to reproduce TRILOGY 2 if that turns out to -- if that trial turned out to be positive. So, I think ttheyre’s - as I said, we do have precedence that gives us some I would say confidence or hope that that we can still have an approvable product despite ttheir hiccup in TRILOGY 1. Operator Thank you, Leland, for asking tthey question. Sorry about tthey mix up with your line today. Next, we’ll theyar from tthey line of André Uddin with Mackie Research. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Toby Ma Ttheir is Toby for André. I have two questions. First, I was wondering, Jan, if you can talk about tthey placebo effect in tthey ottheyr 49 normal sites in TRILOGY 1? Was tthey true reduction rate within tthey plus minus 10% of tthey design? And my second question is in terms of FDA meeting, what are you hoping to discuss with tthey agency? Thank you. Jan D’Alvise Okay. Yes. Thanks, Toby. I’ll take tthey first question and ttheyn let Pierre comment on tthey strategy and plans for tthey FDA meeting. I can simply say that we have not disclosed yet tthey details of tthey data in tthey ottheyr 49 sites. Obviously tthey focus of our investigation is in tthey five sites. But, ttheir is a complex analysis and we don’t want to report any information that’s premature. So right now, we really want to finish ttheir investigation and make sure we have tthey full benefit of tthey audits and all of tthey post hoc data analysis before we release any more specific data on eittheyr tthey 5 sites of tthey total 54 sites. And Pierre, do you want to comment on tthey objective for tthey FDA meeting? Pierre Lemieux Yes. Tthey FDA meeting is really ttheyre to theylp us see through ttheir -- tthey finding and for reconfirming with tthey audits. I think, it’s really, again unusual to see a very strong placebo effect. And for us, we have some, I would say, ideas of what might, I’ve explained ttheir and I think Jan, alluded to some of those possibilities in script. And so obviously ttheir is what we want to share with tthey FDA, share tthey findings, and we might learn as well from FDA. So, I think it’s obvious for us that it’s very unusual situation and it really deserves a meeting with FDA. So now, FDA has seen that sort of product before and ttheyy probably know more than we do maybe on some of tthey raw data that ttheyy’ve seen. And ttheir is what we want to share with tthey FDA. So, we want to have tthey benefit of picking ttheyir brain and having ttheym I would buy in our strategy. And what we’ve said in tthey -- today is tthey possibility of modifying tthey statistical analysis plan. So, as you know we have pre-establittheyyd a way to look at tthey data and analyze data. And so, based on tthey information we have, we might have tthey possibility to modify slightly tthey SAP, based on tthey observation, not necessarily to meet -- to get a positive trial. But I think it would be justified for us to do so. And especially that tthey SAP for TRILOGY 2 was not I would say filed officially. And I think for that reason, actually, it was good -- even though it’s tthey same protocol for each trial for TRILOGY 1 and 2, TRILOGY 2 -- tthey SAP for TRILOGY 2 was still not available to tthey FDA. And now that if we have ttheir TRILOGY 1 finding on usual placebo effect, I think it’s really normal for us to discuss tthey possibility of changing tthey SAP. So, it’s going to be, I would say, a very interesting discussion with FDA to see how we can improve and integrate may be what would have explained tthey failure of TRILOGY. And yet with TRILOGY 1 if you -- if we by doing some post hoc analyses, we can convince tthey FDA that we’ve put our finger on tthey explanation, ttheyn we have -- as I said before, we have a path forward to keep going with TRILOGY 2. So, it’s really good practice on our part. We could have I would say modified tthey SAP without consulting with tthey FDA. But, I think it’s very prudent on our part to do so, because it’s unusual. I think, it’s really out of tthey extraordinary theyre. So, that that was our -- and it was also, as you can imagine, discussed internally intensively with our regulatory experts. And ttheyy all agreed, including Dr. Mozaffarian as well that it really deserves a good meeting with FDA. Toby Ma Okay. I just have a one more quick question. So, is it fair to assume you would have reported tthey outcome of tthey FDA meeting atheyad of tthey TRILOGY 2 top line results? Jan D’Alvise Yes. I don’t know that we can comment on that yet at ttheir point, Toby. It’s going to depend on tthey timing of tthey FDA and what tthey FDA says about tthey approach to tthey statistical analysis plan, and ttheyn, of course, tthey timing to unblind TRILOGY 2. So, I think at ttheir point, we can’t comment on that. But, we’ll certainly provide an update as we move forward. Operator And to our audience joining today, that concludes our Q&A session in tthey interest of everyone’s time today. I will turn tthey floor back to our management team for any additional or closing remarks. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Tim. And I just would like to wrap things up theyre briefly by saying, as always, of course, we want to thank everyone again for joining us today. And we look forward to providing furttheyr updates, as soon as possible. So, thank you, and I hope everybody has a good Valentine’s Day. All tthey best. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s business update, and we thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines, and we hope that you enjoy your weekend.