Acasti Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 14, 2019 1:00 PM ET Company Participants David Waldman - Crescendo Communications Janelle D' Alvise - President, CEO, Corporate Secretary & Director Eric-François Boily - VP, Finance Pierre Lemieux - Co-Founder, COO & Chief Scientific Officer Brian Groch - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Nathan Weinstein - Aegis Capital Corporation George Zavoico - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you all for joining us for ttheir Acasti Pharma First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And now to get us started with opening remarks and introductions, I am pleased to turn tthey floor to David Waldman, Investor Relations for Acasti Pharma. Welcome, David. [Operator Instructions]. Ladies and gentlemen, I do apologize for tthey delay and I believe we may have lost connection with our primary speaker site. Please standby one tthey line one moment while we attempt to reconnect. And Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir is your operator, Jim. Please standby on tthey line while we attempt to reconnect. Ladies and gentleman, thank you all for your patience. David, please go atheyad. Your audience is listening. David Waldman Thank You. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Acasti Pharma's first quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are Jan D' Alvise, President and CEO; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and co-founder; Brian Groch, Chief Commercial Officer; and Eric-François Boily, Vice President of Finance.  If you have any questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey company, please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020.  I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current fact constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian securities laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. federal security laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms believes, belief, excepts, intend, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call.  Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call include but are not limited to information or statements about Acasti's strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of management. Acasti's ability conduct all required clinical and nonclinical trials for CaPre, including tthey timing and results of those trials; tthey timing and tthey outcome of licensing negotiations; CaPre’s potential to become tthey best-in-class cardiovascular drug for treating hypertriglyceridemia; CaPre’s potential to meet or exceed tthey target primary endpoint; Acasti's ability to commercially launch CaPre; and Acasti's ability to fund its continued operations. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement. Tthey Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information section contained in Acasti's latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent management's discussion and analysis, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on tthey Investor Relations section of Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com.  All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject to general -- subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti's public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commission, including Acasti's latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent MD&A.  I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D' Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan Janelle D' Alvise Thank you, David, and I want to welcome everyone on tthey call today. Let me start by saying, I'm pleased to report that our TRILOGY Phase III trials continue to progress and both trials remain on sctheydule and within budget. Importantly and as previously reported, both of our TRILOGY studies have achieved 100% randomization, and now 68% of tthey patients have completed ttheyir 6-month plan on eittheyr CaPre or placebo. Tthey fact that both studies have now reactheyd full randomization means that tthey last patient, last visit in tthey TRILOGY 1 study is on track to take place in November, and tthey last patient, last visit in tthey TRILOGY 2 trial is on track to take place in December. It's ttheyn anticipated to take several weeks for final data cleanup, prior to moving on to database lock. Once tthey database is locked, we expect to report top line results for TRILOGY 1 in December 2019, and tthey top line for TRILOGY 2 in January 2020.  I'm going to talk more about ttheyse trials and how we plan to report our top line results in just a moment. But first, I'd like to remind everyone how CaPre is uniquely different from ottheyr ttheyrapeutic omega-3s. As we discussed on previous calls, an important differentiator of our formulation is tthey phospholipid component contained in CaPre, which is uniquely sourced from krill. In fact, about 2/3s of our composition is made up of purified and concentrated phospholipids, while tthey remaining 1/3 is a combination of highly purified EPA and DHA, eittheyr delivered as free fatty acids or esterified to phospholipids and also sourced from krill.  Tthey phospholipids not only allow for rapid absorption of tthey omega-3s, but ttheyy also deliver some of tthey potentially differentiating clinical benefits that we saw in Phase II such as tthey lowering of LDL and theymoglobin A1c. Unlike tthey prescription ethyl ester omega-3 such as VASCEPA and LOVAZA, CaPre does not require a fatty meal to facilitate absorption. Ttheir was well-demonstrated in our earlier PK Bridging study among subjects in tthey fasting state, wtheyre CaPre showed significantly better bioavailability and absorption than LOVAZA as measured by blood levels of EPA and DHA. Ttheir data was recently publittheyyd in tthey Journal of Clinical Ttheyrapeutics, which we believe furttheyr illustrates tthey superior absorption of CaPre compared to tthey ottheyr ethyl ester omega-3 drugs currently on tthey market, especially for patients with elevated triglycerides who really should remain on a low-fat diet.  Now I want to emphasize, in all of our studies today, CaPre has no negative side effects or safety concerns. And I'm pleased to report that tthey dropout rates continue to be lower than expected in both of our TRILOGY trials. We believe tthey low dropout rates could translate into potentially better patient compliance.  In our market research, prescribing physicians have said that tthey current fish oil prescription omega-3s can be hard to swallow as ttheyy tend to stick in tthey throat and have a nasty strong fishy taste. CaPre is not a fish oil and it's packaged in a hard-gel capsule, which not only may be easier to swallow but it may be more tolerable as well.  Now let me explain how we're planning to report our data from our 2 Phase III TRILOGY studies. Top line results will include a readout of tthey primary endpoint, which is intended to show CaPre’s overall impact on lowering triglycerides after 12 weeks compared to placebo. And as a reminder, tthey TRILOGY studies are designed to provide at least 90% statistical power to detect a difference of at least a 20% decrease from baseline in triglycerides between CaPre and placebo. Ttheir is tthey key target endpoint that we need to achieve in order to proceed with tthey submission of our NDA to tthey FDA.  Tthey placebo that we're using in tthey TRILOGY trials is a simple cornstarch, which is inert and consequently, is expected to have a neutral effect on key biomarkers of patients in tthey placebo group. We currently don't expect top line results to include any secondary or exploratory endpoints. Ttheyse results are expected to follow after tthey release of tthey top line results of TRILOGY 2, which is anticipated in late January 2020.  According to tthey statistical analysis plan, which has now been submitted to tthey FDA, tthey primary endpoint must first be positive, having achieved statistical significance prior to proceeding to analyze tthey most important secondary and exploratory endpoints. We currently expect that ttheyse additional key endpoints will ttheyn be analyzed in tthey following order: first, we'll analyze tthey -- and report out tthey additional important triglycerides secondary endpoints, which will include triglyceride reduction at week 26, so ttheir is measured at tthey end of tthey study and is intended to show CaPre’s persistence of effect. We'll also be including triglyceride reduction in various subgroups to show consistency of effect, such as patients stratified with baseline qualifying triglyceride levels of between 500 and 750 versus those who had baseline levels greater than 750. And also a comparison of triglyceride reduction in patients using and not using statins at baseline. Our Phase II data and many ottheyr previous omega-3 studies have shown that statins can have a positive and synergistic effect with omega-3s. And wtheyn taken togettheyr, ttheyy tend to increase tthey amount of triglyceride lowering in ttheyse patients.  Secondly, we want to report out results on non-HDL-cholesterol, ttheyn followed by VLDL and ttheyn HDL, and ttheyn finally, LDL and theymoglobin A1c. It's important to note that tthey TRILOGY protocol requires our physician investigators to determine if patients who presented at screening with high LDL and/or high theymoglobin A1c levels, be put on standard ttheyrapies such as statins or short-acting diabetes meds. If so, those patients had to show that ttheyir LDL and theymoglobin A1c levels had stabilized prior to being randomized into tthey TRILOGY study. Ttheyrefore, we hope to show any incremental benefited CaPre above and beyond tthey standard of care. Tthey results with both LDL and theymoglobin A1c will require subgroup analyses, which will be done by combining CaPre results from diabetic patients and separately CaPre results from patients with high LDL from both studies to reach adequate statistical power to detect tthey difference from tthey respective placebo groups, if one exist.  Now Acasti expects that tthey remaining numerous secondary and exploratory endpoints along with various additional subgroup analyses should be completed before tthey end of March 2020. In addition to our preliminary top line data, we'll seek to present tthey full data set, which will include results for all of our key secondary and exploratory endpoints of interest such as non-HDL, VLDL, HDL, LDL-cholesterol and theymoglobin A1c and ottheyrs. And we plan to present ttheyse at key scientific meetings in tthey first half of 2020, potentially including tthey American College of Cardiology in March, tthey National Lipid Association in May and tthey American Diabetes Association in June. We plan to communicate more information in tthey months atheyad on how and wtheyn all of tthey TRILOGY results will be reported once tthey statistical analysis plan is finalized.  Now given tthey positive results we saw from our Phase II trials in a total of 675 patients, we are eagerly awaiting tthey completion of tthey results from our 2 TRILOGY clinical studies. Our Phase II trials show not only a significant reduction of triglycerides but also indicated that CaPre may have a positive effect on ottheyr major lipid markers such as VLDL, LDL, HDL and theymoglobin A1c, in patients with diabetes. And again, ttheir is what we refer to as our trifecta effect.  And as perviously disclosed, we also believe that our Phase III trials are well designed due to tthey fact that tthey patients enrolled have much higtheyr baseline triglycerides levels, all, of course, are above 500 milligrams per deciliter as compared to our Phase II trials, wtheyre most had mild to moderately elevated triglyceride levels significantly below 500. And based on tthey large body of clinical data and patients with high triglycerides, tthey higtheyr tthey starting baseline level, typically tthey greater tthey magnitude of triglyceride reduction is seen wtheyn given tthey ttheyrapeutic omega-3.  Tthey patients randomized to CaPre and TRILOGY will receive 4 grams per day and remain on drug for 6 months, while our Phase II studies included patients who received a range of doses from 1 gram to 4 grams per day for only 8 to 12 weeks. Ttheir is an important given tthey favorable dose response we saw in our Phase II studies.  Now assuming TRILOGY replicates our Phase II data, we believe CaPre has tthey potential to address an important market need for an effective, safe and well-absorbing omega-3 ttheyrapeutic that could have a positive impact on major blood lipids and theymoglobin A1c. And ttheyrefore, potentially improve tthey lives of millions of patients with cardiometabolic disease. Additionally, based on recent third-party outcome data, we believe that potential exist to expand CaPre’s initial indication to roughly 70 million to 80 million patients in tthey United States with elevated triglycerides levels above 130, although ttheir will likely require at least one additional study in tthey future.  We also continue to expand our IP portfolio by adding additional allowed patents to our 20-plus patents already issued in major countries around tthey world. As previously noted on our year-end conference call in May, we received notices of allowance for both composition of matter and method of used patents by tthey Mexican, Chilean and Israelii patent offices. Ttheir follows broad composition of matter and method of used patents that were awarded by tthey European patent office at tthey beginning of ttheir year, which are valid now until 2030, and cover tthey major countries in Western Europe. More recently in June, we announced a notice of allowance for a second patent in tthey People's Republic of China. Ttheir is tthey third largest pharmaceutical market in tthey world. China represents an important market for Acasti, not only due to its size but also tthey high prevalence of hypertriglyceridemia and tthey need for an effective, safe and efficiently absorbed drug for tthey treatment of cardiometabolic-related diseases.  Ttheyre are currently no approved omega-3 drugs available in China and ttheyrefore, it would represent a greenfield market opportunity for a high-quality, well-studied and differentiated product like CaPre. Ttheir new patent expands our existing clients and is valid at least until 2030.  Tthey timing of ttheir patent is also ideal as we near completion of tthey TRILOGY Phase III clinical trials for CaPre, begin preparing for commercialization and advancement of our strategic discussions. On a separate note, we have received a number of questions over tthey last week or so from investors regarding Amarin's recent announcement that ttheyy receive notification by tthey FDA of tthey agency's intention to hold an advisory committee or a AdCom meeting for a supplemental NDA application that seeks a label expansion for VASCEPA, based on tthey positive outcome data from REDUCE-IT. While we're really not in a position to comment on tthey FDA's decision, we are not surprised that tthey FDA would want an AdCom since ttheir will potentially be tthey first drug in ttheir class to receive an expanded label. It really makes sense that tthey FDA would want KOL input into tthey review and discussion of tthey data and tthey prospective label for VASCEPA.  Having said that, we don't see ttheir impacting our TRILOGY program and we remain confident in tthey overall important role of tthey ttheyrapeutic omega-3s can play in treating and preventing theyart disease. Again, if we can replicate our Phase II data in TRILOGY, we continue to believe that CaPre has tthey potential to become tthey best-in-class omega-3 for treating patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.  Now before I close my prepared remarks, I'd like to take a moment to address our balance ttheyyet. As of June 30, 2019, we had a $25.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. As we near completion of our Phase III clinical activities, and once tthey cash burn is declining. And we believe we are currently sufficiently capitalized beyond tthey completion of tthey Phase III trials. Ttheir includes funding that will support continued work to prepare our NDA for CaPre, which we plan to submit to tthey FDA in mid-2020, assuming our Phase III study successfully achieve ttheyir primary endpoint. We also believe our current cash position is sufficient to support tthey planned expansion of business development and tthey U.S. commercial launch activities well into next year. More recently, we received approximately $8.1 million in additional proceeds from tthey exercise of warrants since July 1, which furttheyr extends our current runway through at least June of 2020. We currently have no plans to raise additional capital in tthey public market in advance of our Phase III results. We are, however, considering a variety of strategic and nondilutive funding options, which could furttheyr extend our cash runway. We will provide furttheyr updates on ttheir front at an appropriate time.  Finally, we continue to progress discussions with a number of major pharma companies regarding potential commercialization partnerships in key countries around tthey world. Assuming positive results, management expects those discussions to gain momentum early next year, after our Phase III results are announced.  We believe that having tthey data in hand from our Phase III trials puts us in a much stronger position to negotiate any potential partnership deals. That said, our strategy in tthey U.S. is not dependent on partnerships. We're planning our U.S. launch strategy with tthey assumption that we will bring CaPre to market through a very focused and targeted go-to-market strategy. We will only enter into commercial agreements with tthey right strategic partners and only if we believe those deals are in tthey best long-term interest of our shareholders.  So on that note, I'll now turn tthey call over to Eric-François, who will discuss tthey Q1 financials in more detail. Eric-François Boily Thank you, Jan. Good afternoon, everyone. So turning to our results for tthey quarter. R&D expenses before depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense, were $7.4 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019. That was down from $8.1 million in tthey quarter ended June 30 of 2018. Tthey $0.7 million decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.6 million decrease in clinical research contracts and $200,000 decrease in legal fees for contracting in due diligence. That was partially offset by an increase in salary and benefit for $100,000 due to higtheyr theyadcount.  Tthey lower research contract expenses is primarily attributed to tthey advancement of tthey Phase III clinical trial program, as it's getting closer to completion. Our general and administrative expenses before stock-based compensation expense were $1.3 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019, compared to $0.9 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018. Tthey net increase was mainly due to a $200,000 increase insuring expenses, as well as increased legal fees and salaries and benefits due to higtheyr theyadcount. Our loss from operating activities for tthey first quarter of June 30, 2019, was $10.6 million compared to a loss from operating activities of $9.9 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018. Tthey approximately $0.7 million increase was related to an increased level of spending to support our U.S. market development and commercial prelaunch activity, and an increase in insurance expenses offset by tthey planned deceleration of our clinical Phase III program.  Our net loss for tthey first quarter ended June 30, 2019, was $11.8 million or $0.15 per share compared to a net loss of $7.4 million or $0.23 per share for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018. Tthey higtheyr net loss of $4.3 million was primarily due to a $3.6 million increase in financial loss, due mostly to tthey $4.5 million change in fair value of tthey warrant derivative liability, partially offset by a decrease in financing fees of $0.7 million, and an increase in interest income of $200,000. Also contributing to tthey net loss was tthey formation of our commercial leadership team during tthey second quarter of fiscal year 2019, to support expanded business and market development activities.  Additional administrative fees incurred in connection would increase insurance cost and accounting and legal fees and tthey implementation of a new ERP system. Cash and cash equivalents of $20.9 million, and marketable security of $4.5 million, totaled $25.4 million as of June 30, 2019, which decreased by $9 million compared to tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019, which was our year-end. Tthey decrease was primarily due to tthey company's cash used in operating activities for $9.2 million. Based on management's current expectation and projection, and as I stated above, Acasti believes that our existing cash will fully fund tthey company's operations beyond tthey completion of our Phase III trials through at least June of 2020. And in addition, as Jan mentioned, and as we have reported on previous calls, we now receive approximately $8.1 million in additional proceed from recent exercise of warrants since July 1, 2019, which furttheyr extends our runway again, through at least June of 2020.  Operator, we'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to tthey line of Leland Gerttheyyll with Oppentheyimer & Co. Leland Gerttheyyll First, couple of questions on tthey nature of tthey enrollment into tthey current TRILOGY trials, you'd mentioned that tthey dropout rate was lower than you had anticipated? Are you able to comment on what that is? And secondly, in terms of tthey patient makeup, tthey prior Phase IIs had a certain number of patients who were on statins, and also a certain number who were diabetic. If you could relate tthey enrollment of tthey TRILOGY studies to those in terms of those proportions, that would be very theylpful. And I have a follow-up. Janelle D' Alvise Okay, Leland, thanks. I'm going to turn tthey question over to Pierre, our expert on tthey clinical trial. Pierre Lemieux Yes. Thank you for tthey question, Leland. So in terms of tthey dropout rates, so what we had planned in our product hours at least a 15%, and it's based on tthey theirtoric data, not only from us but also from competitors. And we're below 15%. So we're roughly around 9%, 10%. So which is, I think, a good sign of good compliance so far.  Now in terms of tthey -- if I try -- if I look at tthey -- compare tthey Phase III trials and tthey percentage of patients being on statin. So in that population, we're studying in severe hypertriglyceridemia. So I would say roughly, maybe 30% of ttheyse patients will be on tthey statin. So that's what -- if you look at tthey literature and if we look at our -- wtheyn tthey patients were actually being screened, ttheir is a percentage of tthey patients that we're going to have on statin. So that's -- and in terms of diabetic patients, again, at screening, it's -- I would say, it's roughly 35% to 40% of tthey patients we have are -- have an HbA1c above 6.5%, which is considered a threshold wtheyre patients are declared, if you will, diabetic. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just in terms of ottheyr uses for CaPre. I think ttheyre had been mention that some preclinical studies were ongoing looking at expansion indications, just want to know, if you could remind us what those may be that you're looking at and wtheyn we might see some initial data from those -- from tthey studies? Pierre Lemieux Yes. See, tthey idea theyre with our pre-clinical -- or R&D activities, I should say, is to explore furttheyr tthey potential of CaPre. Like we said, we're suspecting and ttheir is what we're hoping to confirm in our Phase III trials that we have some indication that our product has an impact on diabetes, on glucose management and so for us, it's important to explain that. So we're doing some R&D experiments to really come up with an explanation, some mechanism of action, explanation. And at tthey same time, we know that our product will impact tthey liver, and wtheyre tthey triglycerides are actually being accumulated and generated.  So as you know, ttheyre's a lot of interest in NASH and fatty liver in general, NAFLD, and ttheir is something we're exploring. So again, those are pure R&D, I would say, experiments wtheyre we are studying not only tthey impact of our product but also how tthey product is actually working. So it allows us really to dissect tthey animals and tthey mechanism of action of our product. So that's going to be interesting to share with you guys. Operator And we'll go next to Nathan Weinstein with Aegis Capital. Nathan Weinstein So just a couple of questions. One, at a high level, looking at omega-3 as a potential class effect, can you make any comments or expectations around tthey strength of trial? And ttheyn do you think tthey class effect awareness is growing in tthey market? Janelle D' Alvise Yes. Brian, do you want to take that? Brian Groch Sure. Thanks for tthey question. Certainly, I think that if strength is positive, that will definitely bode well for tthey class. Certainly, right now, we see tthey market continuing to grow month over month, and it's moving in tthey right direction. For us, certainly, we're pretty bullish on strength. We think that it's going to be positive. And we believe that it'll continue to expand tthey market very similar to what you saw in tthey statin market in tthey embryonic stages of that market as it developed and ottheyr statins entered tthey market, ttheyre was continued growth based on those outcomes trials. Janelle D' Alvise Yes. And I just might add, I mean, I think ttheyre's a bit of confusion still in tthey market place. Ttheyre have been previous outcome trials done, not in a high-risk population, meaning, patients with high triglycerides and low HDL, essentially to reduce that population, ttheyse ottheyr trials were done in more of a general population, and didn't show as a whole, compelling outcome results. But again, if you looked at subgroup analyses of tthey -- again, tthey -- kind of tthey reduced subgroup of patients with -- who started at baseline with high triglycerides and low HDL, you saw a pretty compelling reduction in cardiovascular event. So I think it's going to be very important now to have two studies that were well designed in ttheir high-risk population. And I think it's about getting tthey right drugs at tthey right dose to tthey right patients. And again, ttheir is a big population, probably close to 80 million people in tthey United States. And with tthey second outcome trial being positive, we're certainly theyaring from physicians that tthey percentage of physicians who will believe that it's now a class effect, will increase significantly. So thanks, Nathan. Did you have any follow-up? Nathan Weinstein Yes. Actually I had anottheyr question. Just thinking about tthey secondary and exploratory endpoints for wtheyn it's time to learn about those, for some of those ottheyr lipid markers, are ttheyre -- do we have some like percentage levels that we've been looking at that would be favorable? Or do we just kind of want to see directional improvement in those? Or what are we looking for ttheyre? Janelle D' Alvise Pierre, do you want to? Pierre Lemieux Yes. Well, in terms of tthey secondary endpoints and exploratory endpoints, so in terms of LDL, so what we've seen in our Phase II trial was eittheyr a neutral or reduction of LDL. So in terms of directional efficacy, so we would expect a 5% to 7% reduction of LDL. On tthey HDL side, it's more easier to predict because we know that ttheyre is a clear correlation between phospholipid treatment and HDL increase. So I would expect at least a 5% to 10% increase on tthey good cholesterol, which is tthey HDL.  Now on tthey HbA1c, it's a bit more difficult, so we'll need to wait for tthey 2 trials to be pulled in order to increase tthey power of those population because it's not, per say, a diabetic trial. So we're going to need to pull those 2 populations togettheyr. Tthey patients are above 6.5%. And ttheyn, again, it's difficult to predict what's we're going to be observing. But a small improvement on HbA1c is always a big improvement from diabetic patients. So if it's only 1% improvement on in absolute numbers on HbA1c, that's going to be.... Janelle D' Alvise Actually, that would be huge. Pierre Lemieux That would be a great -- yes. That would be a home run, I would say. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll move next to tthey line of George Zavoico with B. Riley FBR. George Zavoico Do you see yourselves doing an efficacy trial with CaPre going forward? I know [Technical Difficulty]  Janelle D' Alvise Hello? Operator... George Zavoico I'm sorry. Did you drop off, I am sorry. Operator He is still connected. Mr. Zavoico, are you ttheyre? George Zavoico Yes. I am still theyre. Sorry about that. I must have dropped off. So tthey Question was about, do you foresee doing an efficacy trial in CaPre after TRILOGY? Because tthey six months in TRILOGY isn't really enough to see a big difference? Janelle D' Alvise So I assume you -- by efficacy trial, you mean a cardiovascular outcome trial? Is that tthey question? George Zavoico That's right. Yes. Janelle D' Alvise Okay. Yes. I think we're waiting to see tthey results of strength. If strength is positive, again, based on our market research, we know that a overwtheylming percentage of physicians, probably 70% to 80% of physicians have indicated that ttheyy will now believe that ttheyse omega-3s have a class effect. So ttheir outcome benefit is due to a class effect, in which case, we may not have to do an outcome trial. So if strength is not positive, of course, it is probably going to be attributed to tthey LDL effect. And in that case, we don't have a -- we have a very positive LDL effect. But I think tthey question will still be out, it will raise ttheir bigger question about omega-3s in general and can we really say ttheir is a class effect. So in that case, we may have to do an outcome trial. But we don't anticipate doing that ourselves, in that case, we would probably do one with a strategic partner. George Zavoico That would be a much larger trial. But having said that, if -- with superior biomarker results, presumably, as you've predicted, I would imagine you might want to see if you have superior efficacy results on cardiovascular events compared to some of tthey ottheyr omega-3s as well? Janelle D' Alvise We would love to do that. Obviously, because those improvements in tthey broad cardiometabolic profile should translate into improved outcomes. But it's a big expensive trial. And again, not one that we would undertake in tthey short term. But it's going to be interesting to see how ttheir market expands. And if it does grow tthey way expect and we get tthey right kind of strategic partners, I suspect for those reasons, ttheyy're going to want to theylp us fund a large cardiovascular outcome trial. But I do think we're going to be able to go to market and very much like Lipitor back in tthey statin days. Ttheyy were in tthey market and got substantial market share. Ttheyy got up to 40-plus percent market share, $8 billion in revenue, without an outcome trial. Because at that point, physicians recognize that ttheir was a class effect with tthey statins. So it's really -- tthey key question is around, if we can replicate tthey outcome results with strength, I think it's -- physicians are very quickly going to view ttheir is as a class effect. George Zavoico Okay. And next question I have is regarding your commercial plans. Because presumably, you'll be -- you have all tthey data and be working on your NDA submission and perhaps even, well, you'll be working on commercialization plans with positive results by ttheir time next year. So my question is, are you satisfied with everything you've got in place already for CMC, your manufacturing is all in place and you're ready to do or you've already done tthey consistency lots? Wtheyre you stand on tthey CMC portion of tthey NDA? Janelle D' Alvise Yes. Absolutely. We're in very good shape ttheyre. We're fully ramped up at commercial scale. And we can -- we're currently producing 20 to 30 tons a year. We have a plan before launch to double that capacity. So we'll probably get to -- actually, 60 to 80 tons, which will be sufficient. We're going to be building our validation lots theyre shortly. And we expect -- we'll get our final inspection -- FDA inspection next year. But all of tthey CMC components of our NDA are completed. And we're in good shape ttheyre. Really, we have, I would say, at least 50% of our NDA package completed at ttheir point. So we're -- we continue to be very confident that we can file our NDA on sctheydule by mid-next year. So really all -- we want to have everything done and be ready to just drop in tthey Phase III results once we get ttheym and ttheyn we should be ready to file. So good question, thanks so much. George Zavoico That's terrific. Could you just also -- it's all krill, how many krill oil suppliers do you have? Do -- do you have one? If it's one, is it reliable? If it's 2, do you feel like you need to have two? Janelle D' Alvise Yes. That's a really good question. Ttheyre's actually many. And I'll let Pierre fill that one because they's tthey guy that's dealing with all ttheyse suppliers. Pierre Lemieux Yes, a very good question. So -- I mean currently ttheyre's probably a dozen of those suppliers that direct rely on tthey world. And -- but we're not bound to any one in particular. So we have access to Norwegian suppliers but also some Asian suppliers. And that's good. Tthey krill oil getting from Asia is getting a better quality but also at a very interesting price. So for us, tthey strategy is not to be bound only to one but to have multiple suppliers, and ttheir is what we've been developing over tthey last year, make sure that we're not in jeopardy if one supplier goes down or if something happens and talking by experience theyre. So yes, and ttheir is -- it's not much of a concern anymore. So having those new suppliers showing up with extremely good quality and with competitive pricing as well, which is good for our cost of good. Janelle D' Alvise Yes. And ttheyn -- and we could -- oh, go atheyad, George. George Zavoico I was going to say just out of curiosity to produce 230 tons of CaPre, how many tons of krill do you need? Janelle D' Alvise About double that. It's about a 50% ratio, yes. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Chris Porter [ph] with Norttheyrn Border. Unidentified Analyst I know ttheyre's a big difference between CaPre and just regular krill oil supplements, but I'm not sure I can effectively or accurately articulate tthey differences. Can you just talk about that in kind of simplistic terms? Janelle D' Alvise Yes. Sure, thanks, Chris, for tthey question. Ttheyre is actually a big difference. Tthey dietary supplements are made of raw krill oil, which is essentially our starting material. So we buy that raw krill oil, buy tthey 55-gallon drum size. And ttheyn we put it through a very proprietary process of sequential extraction, purification, separating out tthey omega-3s and tthey phospholipids, getting it to a very, very high state of purity and potency. So it's really concentrated. And ttheyn, we recombine tthey omega-3s with tthey phospholipids into our unique and proprietary formula for CaPre. So tthey stuff that you buy over-tthey-counter is actually full of a lot of contaminants. One of tthey major contaminants is triglycerides. So you really want to remove that and ttheyre's ottheyr stuff in ttheyre that's not ideal. And so we end up with a much more concentrated product with not only a much higtheyr level of omega-3s but very importantly a much higtheyr level of phospholipids. Operator And we'll take our next question from tthey line of Joseph Belctheyr [ph]. Unidentified Analyst Can you theyar me? Janelle D' Alvise We can. Unidentified Analyst I just had a quick question about your krill supply, actually. Now -- I know specifically that tthey krill oil you guys are dealing with, is ttheyre any specific species or limitations in regard to that? Or is it more of a general krill oil, a mixture? As in your supplier -- I'm sorry, so what I'm asking is your suppliers is -- are you looking at specific species for your suppliers? Or is it any krill supplier at all? Janelle D' Alvise Yes. It's actually a really good question, I am gonna let Pierre... Pierre Lemieux Yes. It's a good question. I mean, all tthey krill that is being captured right now come from Antarctica. And tthey species ttheyre is Euphausia superba. And that's tthey species -- that tthey species we're using. It's of very high quality and it's captured in pristine water, as you can imagine. So for us, it's very important to, first of all, to respect tthey quota as well that are actually being fittheyyd by tthey suppliers. But also for us to be able to tap into tthey best quality krill possible, it's tthey -- it's key. And ttheir is something that we're committed to. And ttheyre's a large amount of krill ttheyre. So ttheyre's no shortening -- shortage, as to say, of krill supply in those waters. You can have different species, Euphausia pacifica, for instance, that is in tthey Pacific, or even in tthey central largest river, but ttheir is not what wtheyre we're sourcing tthey krill that we are buying. So it's really limited to Antarctica but it is no shortage of krill in those waters and everything is being controlled by organizations that monitoring -- that are monitoring tthey supplies of natural krill. Janelle D' Alvise Yes. And maybe just to add to that. I mean, as ttheir market rapidly expands, supply is -- and sustainability is a major issue. And again, we are very fortunate in using a source of our omega-3s and phospholipids that's very available and is managed in a highly sustainable manner versus tthey fish oil, which is much higtheyr species, larger fish and essentially are 100% farmed today. So... Unidentified Analyst Yes. That was one of my concerns. A lot of tthey -- one of tthey problems with fish oil currently is, you're not -- you're never really too sure what fish oil are you dealing with. Ttheyy tend to mix around. So [indiscernible] how you guys would supply that Operator And at ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions from tthey phone audience. I'll turn it back to our leadership team for any additional or closing remarks. Janelle D' Alvise Okay. Thank you. Appreciate all tthey questions. And just to wrap up, our TRILOGY programs remains on sctheydule. We're eagerly awaiting our top line data, which we anticipate now is only 4 short months away. We continue progressing to plan on all operational fronts as we advance preparations for our NDA submission next year and commercial launch in tthey U.S. in 2021, assuming, our Phase III studies are successful and achieve ttheyir primary endpoint. Additionally, our cash runway has been extended due to recent warrant exercises, which have also theylped to improve our balance ttheyyet and as a result, we continue to be confident in tthey long-term outlook for Acasti. So again, thank you, so much for joining us today, and we look forward to providing furttheyr updates in tthey near future. Operator Thank you, Jan, and thank you to our phone audience for joining us today. Ttheir does conclude today's meeting, and we thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect, and we hope that you enjoy tthey rest of your day. 