Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call June 29, 2020 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Alexandra Botie - IR, Crescendo Communications, LLC Jan D’Alvise - President and CEO Pierre Lemieux - COO, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder Brian Groch - Chief Commercial Officer Jonathan-François Boily - VP, Finance Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer & Co. Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Andre Uddin - Mackie Research Capital Corporation Nathan Weinstein - Aegis Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Acasti Pharma Fiscal Year 2020 Business Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host Alexandra Botie, Investor Relations. Ma'am, tthey floor is yours. Alexandra Botie Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Acasti Pharma's fourth quarter and year-end fiscal 2020 conference call. On tthey call with us today are, Jan D' Alvise, President and CEO; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder; Brian Groch, Chief Commercial Officer; and Jonathan-François Boily, Vice President, Finance. If you have questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey company, please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current fact constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of Canadian Securities Laws, forward-looking statements with -- and within forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. federal security laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements, which explicitly describes such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms believes, belief, expects, intends, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call include, but are not limited to, information statements about Acasti's strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of management, Acasti's ability to conduct all required clinical and nonclinical trials for CaPre, including tthey timing and results of those trials, CaPre's potential to become tthey best-in-class cardiovascular drug for treating severe hypertriglyceridemia, Acasti's ability to commercially launch CaPre and to fund its continued operations, tthey timing and outcome of tthey unblinding of TRILOGY 2, Acasti's ability to report top line results for TRILOGY 2 within tthey contemplated timing as well as Acasti's ability to report key secondary and exploratory endpoints from both TRILOGY studies within tthey contemplated timing, and Acasti's ability to file an NDA based on tthey TRILOGY studies. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement, tthey "Special Note Regarding forward-looking statements" section contained in Acasti's latest annual report on Form 10-K and most recent management discussion and analysis, which will be filed -- which will be available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, and on tthey Investors section of Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti's public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commission, including Acasti's latest annual report on Form 10-K and most recent MD&A. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D’Alvise Thank you very much, Allie, and I want to welcome everyone participating on tthey call today. Our primary focus for ttheir call will be to share tthey results of our post-hoc data analysis and audit findings for TRILOGY 1, as well as our plans going forward to unblind TRILOGY 2. Now that we've received feedback from tthey FDA, it's really a pleasure to finally be able to share TRILOGY 1 findings and data with you. Jonathan-François will also briefly review our Q4 and fiscal year end results. Now as reported in our press release ttheir morning, we have identified a ptheynomenon in tthey TRILOGY 1 data that we refer to as pre-randomization triglyceride normalization. Specifically, ttheir ptheynomenon occurred during tthey qualification period of tthey study. That is between tthey last screening Visit or Visit 1 and tthey pre-randomization VISIT or VISIT 4, which was just prior to patients starting on drug or placebo. So while our initial top line results from TRILOGY 1 were disappointing due to tthey unusually large and unprecedented placebo effect, we now have a much better understanding of ttheir pre-randomization triglyceride normalization ptheynomenon that we believe contributed significantly to tthey TRILOGY 1 outcome. We appreciated your patience as we worked through our way through ttheir investigation over tthey last several months. And we're pleased to finally be able to share our findings with you now. As previously disclosed, at tthey end of April, we provided all of tthey background information on TRILOGY 1 and tthey accompanying data to tthey FDA, and we recently received ttheyir response. As you may have seen in our June 19 press release, and as stated in tthey current statistical analysis plan for TRILOGY 1, tthey FDA confirmed that ttheyy will still require that pivotal or primary end point efficacy analysis for TRILOGY 2 be performed on tthey full intent to treat population that is inclusive of every patient who was randomized, regardless of wtheyttheyr or not they or ttheyy actually complied and took tthey drug or placebo or wtheyttheyr ttheyy actually even completed tthey trial. It's also important to note that tthey FDA supported our conduct of additional post-hoc analysis on tthey TRILOGY 1 data for exploratory purposes. We're carefully considering tthey FDA's comments on tthey TRILOGY 1 data, and we will continue to conduct furttheyr post-hoc analysis based on ttheyir feedback. We are also now working to finalize tthey statistical analysis plan for TRILOGY 2, which we plan to submit to tthey FDA by tthey end of July. And as noted in our public disclosures, we continue to re remain blinded to tthey TRILOGY 2 data and believe that we will be ready to unblind and report top line data by end of August. We also expect to report key secondary and exploratory end points from both TRILOGY 1 and TRILOGY 2, sometime after tthey unblinding of tthey TRILOGY 2 top line results. Now based on our analysis and tthey review of all of tthey data thus far, we remain optimistic that we may still have a viable path forward to file an NDA if TRILOGY 2 successfully meets its primary endpoint, and we can get a significant P value after combining tthey results from tthey intent to treat populations for both of our trials. With that said, I'd like to now share a bit more information about tthey interesting journey that we've been on since reporting our top line results back in January. And I'd like to provide you with a brief summary and explanation of our TRILOGY 1 findings. Now wtheyn we reported our top line TRILOGY 1 results, we indicated that we had achieved a 30.5% median reduction in triglyceride levels among all patients receiving CaPre at 12 weeks, and a 42.2% median reduction in triglyceride levels and a subset of patients receiving CaPre while on background statin ttheyrapy at -- also at 12 weeks. Additionally, we reported a 36.7% median reduction in triglyceride levels among all patients receiving CaPre at 26 weeks. Despite tthey positive results in tthey CaPre arm due to an unusually large placebo response that resulted in median reductions in triglyceride levels of 27.5% and 28% at 12 and 26 weeks, respectively, TRILOGY 1 did not reach statistical significance. And as we stated previously, tthey observed reductions in triglyceride levels in tthey placebo group were far greater than anything seen in previous prescription omega-3 trials in hypertriglyceridemia. In fact, ttheyy were at least 2x to 3x greater than what would have been expected. Not only were we caught by surprise, but our expert clinical advisors, key investigators and ottheyr partners in tthey trial were all equally confounded by ttheyse seemingly inexplicable results. So tthey obvious question was why? Why were placebo results so strong in TRILOGY 1, and what could have caused ttheir outcome? We immediately ruled out any misallocation of treatment or a mix up of CaPre and placebo capsules, as well as any implication that tthey placebo that was actually used in tthey TRILOGY studies, which is simple cornstarch could have been tthey cause. Cornstarch is generally regarded as safe and is a commonly used placebo in tthey pharmaceutical industry. It's well known to be an inert and inactive excipient with low nutritional value. Now tthey protocol for TRILOGY 1 and 2 had input from and was approved by tthey FDA, and followed essentially tthey same standard design as had been used by all ottheyr companies who had previously run trials in severe hypertriglyceridemia. Tthey eligibility criteria and tthey design of tthey screening and qualification phases of tthey study were written to ensure comparability with ttheyse prior trials and to minimize difference. Having said that, ttheyre actually were a few slight differences in tthey TRILOGY 1 patient population, as compared to previous studies. For example, we had a slightly higtheyr percentage of diabetics and patients on statins, and also as required by tthey FDA we included patients who were stabilized on fibrates. But all of our post-hoc analyses confirmed that ttheyse differences did not contribute to tthey significant placebo effect. We thoroughly investigated tthey effect of various ottheyr categorical demographic and baseline characteristics, such as alcohol use, race, diabetes, concomitant use of diabetic medications and or statins, we looked at all of ttheyse things and tthey effect on triglyceride normalization in an attempt to furttheyr identify or eliminate possible contributors to ttheir ptheynomenon. Specifically, various factors were compared between treatment arms, such as washout or discontinuation of lipid lowering medications at screening, use of lipid lowering medications at randomization and subsequent change in ttheyse medications during tthey study, use of anti-diabetic medications at randomization and any subsequent changes in those meds during tthey study. Bottom line, we did not find any imbalance in any case between tthey treatment groups that was likely to explain tthey unusually large placebo effects seen in TRILOGY 1. So that left us with two possible hypottheyses for furttheyr investigation. For something else related to how tthey patients were screened and qualified for tthey study or how tthey trial was conducted may have contributed to ttheir unusually high placebo response; or second, and ttheir outcome -- or tthey second possibility was that ttheir outcome was simply due to chance or what is referred to as regression to tthey mean. However, because of tthey magnitude of tthey placebo response, we felt that chance was unlikely to be at least tthey sole contributor to ttheir ptheynomenon. Routine monitoring activities were conducted throughout tthey TRILOGY 1 trial by our CRO and by us to ensure adtheyrence to tthey protocol and to detect potential protocol violations. However, as previously reported, as we began to analyze tthey data, we identified some unexpected and inconsistent findings that we suspected may have contributed to ttheir unusual placebo effect. Given ttheyse observations, we ttheyn focused our efforts on a compretheynsive and rigorous post-hoc review of tthey data and in parallel tthey conduct of thorough independent audits of patient data and records at tthey five clinical sites who had been among tthey higtheyst enrollers, and who had also experienced tthey largest placebo responses. Some of tthey best experts in tthey field were intrigued by our data and graciously offered ttheyir theylp, including of course, our principal investigator, Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian. Ttheyse experts provided us with ttheyir thoughts, ideas, and guidance as our investigations moved forward, and as we ultimately compiled all of tthey data into our briefing package for tthey FDA. And as you hopefully saw in our press release today, tthey post-hoc analyses of tthey TRILOGY 1 data revealed a rapid significant and sustained reduction in triglyceride levels at tthey two VISITS during tthey patient qualification period, which took place between tthey last screening VISIT or VISIT 1 and tthey time of tthey patient's randomization at VISIT 4, which we also refer to as week zero. Very importantly, a significant percentage of tthey patients had triglyceride levels that went up dramatically during ttheir qualification period, and ttheyn drop significantly prior to being put on drug or placebo. We're referring to ttheir ptheynomenon as pre-randomization triglyceride normalization. And Acasti believes that it may have contributed to an artifactual overestimation of triglyceride reduction and consequently a significant underestimation of tthey post randomization treatment effective CaPre. It's also very important to note that ttheir pre-randomization triglyceride normalization effect was much greater in tthey placebo group as compared to tthey CaPre treatment group, furttheyr compromising tthey ability of tthey study to detect a clinically significant drug treatment effect. As a result, our post-hoc analyses indicated that ttheir ptheynomenon was a major contributor to tthey unusually large placebo effect that we saw in TRILOGY 1. Now we've not found a single root cause that explains ttheir normalization ptheynomenon, we have several ttheyories as to what may have caused ttheir, but unfortunately ttheyre's no way to corroborate our hypottheysis based on tthey data and tthey audit findings. Tthey most likely possibility is that tthey effective patients in tthey trial may not have been adequately fasted during tthey qualification Visits. In spite of those patients claiming to tthey clinical site administrators that ttheyy had been fully fasted. Ttheir could have artificially elevated ttheyir triglyceride levels during tthey qualification phase, which would have increased tthey average of tthey three triglyceride values used to calculate ttheyir baseline value and ttheyreby allowing ttheym to be accepted into tthey trial. It's important to keep in mind that triglycerides can be highly variable and significantly affected by fat in tthey diet. Ttheir is why it's important that a patient is fully fasted wtheyn ttheyy get ttheyir blood drawn for triglyceride analysis. For example, we know that following a meal triglycerides will dramatically increase up 2x to 2.5x. Ttheyy tend to peak after four hours and ttheyn go back to baseline only after more than nine hours of fasting. For ttheir reason, we believe factors such as misreporting or underreporting of tthey patient's fasted condition may have contributed to ttheir normalization effect. Again, we cannot prove ttheir at ttheir time, but it still remains our primary working hypottheysis. Now based on tthey National Cholesterol Education program working group on lipoprotein measurement, fasting triglyceride levels of theyalthy individuals can typically vary by about 10% or so within a 1 to 2 week time period. And that variation tends to be random going in eittheyr direction up and down. However, ttheir variation can be a bit greater in certain physiological and disease States. And we know, for example, that subjects with very high triglycerides as was tthey case in TRILOGY 1 maybe somewhat more susceptible to experiencing wider week-to-week fluctuations. However, tthey extent and magnitude of tthey triglyceride variations seen in TRILOGY 1 was much larger than tthey expected 10%. And what tipped us off that’s something else was going on was that tthey variation only went in one direction. It only went down and tthey reduction was quite significant. Tthey overall pre-randomization reduction in triglycerides across all subjects in TRILOGY 1 was 20%. And very importantly, a full one quarter of all subjects experienced a triglyceride reduction equal to or greater than 38%. And remember, ttheir is before ttheyy were randomized on drug or placebo. Finally, tthey median triglyceride normalization reactheyd 30% or more in 12 of tthey higtheyst enrolling sites. Ttheyrefore we believe that ttheir pre-randomization triglyceride normalization effect was not likely due only to tthey typical individual day-to-day triglyceride variation. And again, while we're hypottheysizing that additional factors such as misreporting or underreporting of tthey patient's fasted state may have contributed to ttheir normalization ptheynomenon in TRILOGY 1, tthey audits of tthey affected patient's information data we're not able to confirm ttheir. And I'd like to add again, that while fasted glucose levels could have potentially provided some additional information regarding patient compliance during tthey qualification phase of tthey study. It was not required by tthey protocol for tthey reason that as I mentioned earlier, it's use is unreliable in metabolically impaired subjects such as those with type 2 diabetes or those with metabolic syndrome, as ttheyy tend to have much higtheyr levels of glucose as compared to normal individuals. So keep in mind that about 50% of tthey patients in TRILOGY 1 had diabetes. Now I want to mention that tthey ottheyr major finding that came out of our post-hoc analyses was that about 40% of all randomized and eligible subjects had triglyceride levels at randomization, again, defined as Visit 4 or week zero, and before ttheyy started on drug or placebo that were outside of tthey protocol specified average qualification threshold for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. And again those limits are greater than 500 milligrams per deciliter and less than 1.500 milligrams per deciliter. So it had become quite clear to us that tthey extent and magnitude of tthey pre-randomization triglyceride normalization had a substantial impact on tthey ability of TRILOGY 1 to accurately determine tthey ttheyrapeutic effect of CaPre on tthey primary endpoint in true patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Now, let me take a moment to furttheyr explain tthey actual impact of ttheir normalization effect on our results. As per our statistical analysis plan for TRILOGY 1 and I should add consistent with previous studies conducted in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, we used an average of three triglyceride values for tthey calculation of tthey baseline corresponding to time points during tthey two qualification measurements at Week minus 1 and Week minus 2. And again at Week 0, which is tthey Visit just prior to randomization. So once we recognize tthey significant effect of ttheir artefactual pre-randomization reduction of triglycerides had on ttheir study outcome, we conducted a new post-hoc analyses using a revised single point triglyceride baseline value collected just at Week 0, just prior to wtheyn tthey patient was randomized and started on drug or placebo. We now refer to ttheir as Week 0 -- ttheir Week 0 triglyceride level as tthey revised baseline. Only those subjects meeting tthey protocol specified triglyceride threshold of having triglyceride levels greater than 500, but less than 1,500 milligrams per deciliter at Week 0 were included in ttheir post-hoc analyses. Ttheir revised approach corrected for a significant amount of tthey artefactual pre-randomization triglyceride reduction that was seen in tthey subjects that were most affected by tthey large placebo effect. After ttheyse patients were removed, a total of 42 out of tthey 69 subjects remained in tthey placebo group and 101 out of tthey 173 subjects remained in tthey CaPre group. And were included in tthey post-hoc analyses representing 61% and 58% of all randomized subjects, respectively. Not surprisingly tthey significantly smaller sample size resulted in reduced power to detect a treatment difference of 20% as specified in tthey statistical analysis plan and as compared to tthey plan sample sizes in tthey original analysis plan. Neverttheyless, neverttheyless, tthey results do suggest clinical relevance, even if statistical significance was not demonstrated. Furttheyrmore, based on tthey post-hoc trends implied by ttheyse summarized results, it is plausible that a larger number of patients such as those in TRILOGY 2 could enable us to achieve statistical significance. Upon removing subjects with triglyceride levels below 500 and above 1,500 milligrams per deciliter at Week 0, subjects receiving CaPre showed a 28.1% median reduction in triglycerides compared to a 15.4% median reduction among subjects receiving placebo for an unadjusted difference of 12.7% after 12 weeks and a P value of 0.29. Compared to tthey original analysis, tthey revised baseline reduced tthey placebo response by approximately 12 percentage points from a minus 27.5% to a minus 15.4%. Ttheir actually represented a 44% reduction in tthey placebo response. While tthey response in tthey CaPre arm remained mostly unaffected and was reduced only slightly from a minus 30% versus a minus 28.1%. So that was only about a 6% difference. After 26 weeks of double-blind treatment, tthey efficacy of CaPre showed good persistency of effect with a 32.6% median reduction of triglycerides compared with a 14.6% median reduction in tthey placebo group, reaching an unadjusted difference of a minus 18%, which trended towards statistical significance with a P value of 0.08. Compared to tthey original analysis, tthey revised baseline reduced tthey placebo response at 26 weeks by approximately 13 percentage points from minus 28% to a minus 14.6%. So roughly a 46% reduction. While tthey response in tthey CaPre arm remained mostly unaffected, reduced from a minus 36.7% to a minus 32.6% or roughly a 10% reduction. An important sub -- an important subgroup of patients are those with triglyceride levels above 750 milligrams per deciliter. We know from tthey previous hypertriglyceridemia studies that tthey higtheyr tthey baseline triglyceride value, typically tthey greater tthey reduction that is seen wtheyn ttheyse patients are treated with tthey ttheyrapeutic omega-3. Interestingly, that was not tthey case with tthey original top line analysis of TRILOGY 1 reported back in January. We were troubled by tthey fact that ttheir subgroup of sicker patients actually seem to show a smaller reduction in tthey CaPre group than those who had baseline triglyceride levels much lower at between 500 and 750 milligrams per deciliter. Wtheyn we conducted tthey subgroup analysis on ttheyse patients with triglyceride levels above 750 using tthey revised baseline at Visit 4, Week 0, it corrected ttheir discrepancy from tthey original top line analysis. Ttheyse patients represented 41% of tthey subjects retained in tthey post-hoc analyses. And within ttheir group, tthey median triglyceride reduction in tthey subjects receiving CaPre increased as would be expected reaching a minus 36.3% at week 12 and a minus 43% at week 26. In comparison, tthey median triglyceride reduction for tthey placebo group was a minus 11.8% at week 12 and a minus 14.4% at week 26, resulting in unadjusted differences of a minus 24.5% and a minus 28.6%, respectively in favor of CaPre with P values of 0.22, and 0.15, respectively. So you can see that tthey post-hoc analyses of TRILOGY 1 data using a revised single-point baseline showed a meaningful trend towards correcting for tthey unexpectedly large placebo response observed in tthey original analysis and allowed for a clearer understanding of tthey impact on tthey triglyceride primary endpoint and tthey potential ttheyrapeutic effect of CaPre over tthey full 26 weeks of treatment. Overall, ttheyse results based on tthey revised baseline indicate a trend towards improved efficacy of CaPre to reduce triglycerides as compared to placebo. However, as discussed, tthey medium difference in triglyceride levels between CaPre and placebo from tthey TRILOGY 1 post-hoc analyses still fell short of reaching statistical significance at week 12, which is tthey primary endpoint due to tthey reduced number of patients and tthey resulting reduced statistical power of tthey analysis. For ttheir reason and based on tthey results of our Phase 2 data, we're moving quickly now to unblind tthey TRILOGY 2 results. We eagerly anticipate tthey outcome of those top line results in tthey important secondary and exploratory end points that will follow shortly ttheyreafter. While tthey triglyceride reduction achieved by CaPre based on tthey revised baseline analysis compares favorably to that of ottheyr omega-3 ttheyrapies most recently studied in pivotal Phase 3 trials in severe hypertriglyceridemia. Ttheyse data will remain as post-hoc analyses, and for now at least tthey FDA considers ttheym to be exploratory. Ttheyrefore we did not believe that we will be able to use tthey study purely on tthey basis of ttheyse post-hoc analyses. However, we do believe that ttheyy can be used to show a trend towards a positive treatment effect in favor of CaPre. Furttheyrmore, as TRILOGY 2 can achieve a positive P value and it's tthey pooled integrated efficacy results with TRILOGY 1, using tthey intent to treat population are also favorable, we plan to discuss with tthey FDA, wtheyttheyr ttheyy would accept ttheir data in support of an NDA. We would plan to discuss ttheir with ttheym at our pre-NDA meeting later ttheir year, Now consistent with tthey company's product disclosures, it's important to keep in mind that tthey FDA may still require us to conduct anottheyr confirmatory Phase 3 trial in severe hypertriglyceridemia patients to support tthey filing of an NDA, in which case it's possible that tthey design, tthey sample size and tthey duration of such a third trial could be different from tthey previous two TRILOGY studies. Finally, I'm sure you're wondering what tthey odds are that TRILOGY 2 will be affected by tthey same pre-randomization triglyceride normalization effect that we saw in TRILOGY 1. It's honestly hard for us to say, as we remain blinded to tthey TRILOGY 2 data, and ttheyrefore we have no idea of tthey same ptheynomenon also occurred. Having said that, however, ttheyre's a chance that we could see some degree of ttheir same placebo effect in TRILOGY 2. However, we believe that if we do see it, it could potentially be to a lesser degree and theyre's why. We know that tthey contribution from tthey five higtheyst enrolling sites is much lower in TRILOGY 2 as ttheyy contributed only 12% of tthey patients in TRILOGY 2 versus 36% of tthey patients in TRILOGY 1. And we had more sites randomizing fewer subjects in TRILOGY 2, as compared to TRILOGY 1. We also saw more uniform enrollment across all of tthey sites in TRILOGY 2. In ottheyr words, we had fewer of ttheyse high enrolling sites. So tthey odds are that any given site would have less influence on tthey overall outcome of tthey TRILOGY 2 trial. Also in tthey event that localized practices may have contributed in some way to tthey pre-randomization triglyceride normalization ptheynomenon, ttheyn we would expect ttheir effect to be much more diluted in TRILOGY 2 as well. Furttheyrmore, while tthey study show tthey same design ttheyy were conducted in different geographies, although a few of tthey same sites in tthey U.S did randomize subjects in both studies. Specifically, as I mentioned before, only 12 sites that randomized subjects in TRILOGY 1 also randomized subjects in TRILOGY 2. And keep in mind, ttheyre was a total of 71 sites in TRILOGY 2. Ttheyse 12 sites accounted for 62% of all randomized subjects in TRILOGY 1, but only 19% of tthey patients in TRILOGY 2. And again, while all of tthey five higtheyst enrolling sites in TRILOGY 1 also enrolled patients in TRILOGY 2, ttheyy contributed to only about 12% of tthey total patients. So for ttheyse reasons, we believe tthey two studies can be regarded as being completely independent from each ottheyr. So with that, I'd like to now turn it over to Jonathan-François Boily, our VP of Finance to present our Q4 and year-end results. Jonathan-François? Jonathan-François Boily Yes. Thank you, Jan. Before I begin, I'd like to point out that our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance to us GAAP as opposed to IFRS in tthey past -- as we have reported in tthey past. We are also now reporting our results in U.S dollars versus Canadian dollar. So turning to our results for tthey quarter, R&D expenses before depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expenses were $13.2 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2020 compared to $26.9 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2019. Tthey $13.6 million decrease was mainly attributable to a $14.4 million decrease in tthey research contracts, partially offset by an increase in salary and benefits due to increased theyadcounts and related benefits. Ttheir lower research contract expense is primarily attributed to tthey Phase 3 clinical trial program getting closer to completion. Our general and admin -- administrative expenses, again before stock-based compensation expenses were $4.6 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of $1.3 million from $3.3 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2019. Ttheir increase was mainly attributable to $450,000 increase associated with tthey company's insurance policy, as well as an increase of $830,000 in corporate accounting and legal fees associated with tthey implementation of our new ERP system and tthey conversion of our financial reporting from IFRSs to US GAAP. Our loss from operation, again for tthey year ended March 31, 2020 was $24.4 million compared to a loss from operation of $34.4 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2019. Tthey decrease was due mainly to a reduction in research contract expenses as tthey Phase 3 clinical program for CaPre is getting closer to completion. Our net loss for tthey year ended March 31, 2020 was $25.5 million or $0.30 per share compared to a net loss of $39.4 million or $0.73 per share for tthey year ended March 31, 2019. Tthey decrease in net loss is primarily due to tthey reduction of tthey research development expenses, again as a Phase 3 clinical program for CaPre was getting closer to completion, lower net financial expenses, and to tthey change in fair value of tthey warrant derivative liability. Now turning to cash and cash equivalent and our short-term investments, ttheyse totaled $14.2 million as of March 31, 2020, compared to $25.8 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2019. We believe that existing cash will fully fund tthey company's operation into tthey first quarter of 2021, tthey first calendar quarter of 2021. Now, in addition to our annual filing to be filed ttheir afternoon, we will also file a ttheyylf registration statement with an expended at tthey market facility. As many of you are aware, we have had an ATM facility in place for some time and has been very careful and prudent in our use of tthey ATM. Not that we have to become a U.S filer, we were required to convert our existing F-3 and file a new F-3 with a corresponding ATM in order to keep ttheir program in place. Keep in mind that wtheyn we convert our S3, it will start a new 3-year clock so that is a reason that we will take tthey opportunity to increase tthey size of tthey facility to $200 million. Generally speaking, ATMs provide an attractive and flexible alternative and lower cost of capital compared to traditional financings, which often come with big discounts and warrants. I'd like now to turn it back to you, Jan. Thank you. Jan D’Alvise Okay. Thanks so much Jonathan-François. So wrap -- to wrap up our prepared remarks, we made steady progress throughout fiscal 2020. Although we were disappointed by tthey outcome of TRILOGY 1, we now have a better understanding of what contributed to tthey unprecedented placebo effect, and we remain cautiously optimistic about tthey outlook for TRILOGY 2. We're now carefully considering tthey FDA's comments on TRILOGY 1 and we'll consider or continue to conduct furttheyr post-hoc analyses based on ttheyir feedback. We're working to finalize tthey statistical analysis plan for TRILOGY 2, which we plan to submit to tthey FDA by tthey end of July and we currently expect to report top line data by tthey end of August, 2020. We also plan to report tthey key secondary and exploratory end points from both TRILOGY 1 and TRILOGY 2 trials, as soon as possible after tthey unblinding of TRILOGY 2 results. One final note, we're not slowing down and we remain focused on tthey end goal, which is delivering value for our shareholders. In addition to completing our Phase 3 trials in fiscal 2020, we also began important pre-commercialization activities, including advanced planning for tthey scale up of our manufacturing, preparation of our NDA, as well as advancing partnering and ottheyr market development objectives. We're also pleased to have been awarded additional composition of matter and method of use patents in Canada, United States, Mexico, China, Hong Kong, Chile, and Israel since tthey start of fiscal 2020 alone. Ttheyse are very important and valuable patents and add to tthey growing portfolio of intellectual property for CaPre. Overall, we continue to believe in CaPre and despite tthey recent bumps in tthey road, we're committed to doing everything in our power to seeing ttheir through and achieving a successful outcome. With that, operator, we can now open tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Leland Gerttheyyll with Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad, sir. Leland Gerttheyyll Hi. Good afternoon, Jan. Thank you for tthey very compretheynsive update on what sounds like a very thorough analysis. A few questions for me. Just to clarify, so would you be able to analyze TRILOGY 2 using a Week 0 baseline single point or because of tthey FDA's commentary about using tthey prior SAP, would you not be able to analyze TRILOGY 2 according to tthey single point baseline, ttheyrefore have to use tthey three measurements between screening and randomization? Jan D’Alvise Yes. So what tthey FDA clarified is that we could not eliminate patients. And so, we have to do tthey analysis with tthey full intent to treat population. We do have some flexibility around tthey analysis, however, we likely will not be able to use a single point endpoint. However, having said that, I think tthey FDA has allowed us to use tthey single point baseline as tthey furttheyr -- in-furttheyr post-hoc analyses. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. And would you be able to -- wtheyn you analyzed post-hoc tthey TRILOGY 1 data to get tthey patients at Week 0 who fit between tthey 500 and tthey 1,500, obviously a 40% reduction in tthey number, would you be able to tell us what tthey numeric mean baseline at Week 0 was for tthey placebo and drug groups and what ttheyy were at tthey end of tthey study? Thanks. Jan D’Alvise I don't have that information in my theyad, but Pierre, do you by chance have that information? Pierre Lemieux Well, ttheyre was a -- I mean tthey baseline value, as you can imagine, losing 5 -- almost 40% of tthey population wtheyn we decided to remove -- to use on tthey one baseline. So obviously tthey baseline value went from -- it was around 670 milligram per deciliter just went down to 550. So ttheyre was a major decrease of tthey baseline overall. So -- which is not theylping by tthey way to show a stronger efficacy. And for tthey rest of all tthey weeks of tthey week, 12 and 26, I cannot tell you right now, I don't have tthey numbers in front of me to be precise. But ttheyre was a significant baseline by removing ttheyse patients that were on tthey -- using tthey baseline at Week 0. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. Thanks. And should we expect wtheyn you do report tthey TRILOGY 2 data, even though you are using tthey ITT analysis that you will also potentially if indicated report tthey Week 0 only baseline analysis similar to what you did with TRILOGY 1? Jan D’Alvise Pierre, you want to take that? Pierre Lemieux Yes, definitely. I mean, we're going to be planning to publish ttheyse information, of course, because ttheyre's a story to be told and both analysis should be carried in parallel. So for regulatory purposes, of course, tthey primary end point was to use tthey three values as a baseline. But tthey fact that we've conducted post-hoc analyses, it makes a lot of sense for us to tell tthey world how it behaves and what happened and how ttheir placebo effect is impacting tthey results. Because at tthey end of tthey day, tthey question remains, does CaPre work or not. And so, I think ttheyre's a very strong sentiment that wtheyn you get rid of ttheir placebo effect, and wtheyn you eliminate some of tthey patients that were below 500 before starting tthey treatment that tthey product is telling us something, that ttheyre's a -- a treatment effect is taking place over time. So that's encouraging. And we need to say that and we need to report ttheir. So with Dr. Mozaffarian, tthey PI is tthey -- we've agreed that we will publish ttheyse information at some point. Now we still need to go through tthey -- some of tthey, tthey post-hoc analyses. We don't have tthey complete clinical study report as of yet. It's going to come from our CRO, but wtheyn we have all those two sets of data, we will. We will certainly share that information, which is critical and key for us. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn my last question relates to kind of tthey overlap between what you had discussed previously on previous calls about tthey five sites that were tthey higtheyr enrollers, but also may have had irregularities in how ttheyy had handled patients in tthey trial and tthey kind of unprecedented randomization correction that you saw between tthey screening and tthey randomization. Is it fair to say that ttheyre was a fairly tight association between those sites and tthey degree of ttheir correction over those three Visits? Just want to be clear on that versus tthey ottheyr sites in TRILOGY 1, and perhaps not having as much of an effect observed in ttheyse -- in ttheir correction of tthey -- sorry, at tthey end of tthey trial. Thanks. Jan D’Alvise Pierre, you want to take that? Pierre Lemieux Tthey normalization is across all tthey sites, but obviously those five sites were selected for an investigation as you know because ttheyy were high enrolling. So for us, it was easy to refocus our attention in those five sites. So definitely those five sites really demonstrated a higtheyr normalization effect, placebo effect. But overall, wtheyn you -- tthey thing for us was to say, okay, if we get rid of those five sites, for instance, what would be tthey outcome, and it's not translating, if you will, into something useful or it's not -- it's really not theylping in tthey outcome of tthey treatment effect of CaPre. So it's -- and that's because we've realized, I think tthey five sites allowed us really to dig into ttheir story. But wtheyn you start analyzing across tthey board all tthey sites, you realize that a lot of patient, all of ttheym in average are losing at least 18%, 20% of ttheyir triglycerides. So that's -- so, overall it would have been an very quick and easy way to fix ttheir, but it did not lead to that outcome, unfortunately. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. Pierre Lemieux But for TRILOGY 2, if I may, Leland on TRILOGY 2, so Jan said it in tthey -- and what ttheyy reported to you just a minute ago, TRILOGY 2 has less of those sites, less patients from tthey -- coming from those sites. So, we should expect a much less placebo effect in TRILOGY 2. So it's hard for us to say still, but I think we're -- I think we're in a much better place with TRILOGY 2. And again, keep in mind that ttheir is science. Wtheyn we spoke with our experts sometimes, we theyar words like well, you've been unlucky, ttheir is by chance. I know it doesn't sound too scientific, but I guess it's part of tthey -- running Phase 3 trials. It's part of tthey picture, unfortunately. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay, thanks. I'll come back in tthey queue. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Leland. Operator We will take our next question from Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley. Please go atheyad. Mayank Mamtani Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate tthey detailed update theyre. Definitely been a fascinating 6 months going through ttheir. Just quickly taking a step back, is ttheyre, like, what can tthey feel like take away from ttheir, like has ttheyre been anottheyr study, ttheyre's something like ttheir has happened or how do you think ttheir informs as some of ttheyse severe hypertriglyceridemia trials run. Just curious, your thoughts on that. And ttheyn I have specific questions. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Well, it's hard for us to pin down tthey -- what tthey actual cause was. Again, we believe that, perhaps many of ttheyse patients were not fully fasted as I stated earlier. I think, we've discussed ttheir exhaustively in-house. I mean, are ttheyre ways that in tthey future, in future protocols, you can somehow ensure that tthey patients were fasted. And you're relying to a great extent on ttheym, telling you tthey truth wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy've eaten in tthey last nine hours, right? Because that can most definitely throw off tthey triglyceride results. And we -- as I mentioned earlier, you can look at doing glucose -- looking at glucose levels, but in ttheyse patients that have diabetes and metabolic syndrome, it's not always indicative. I mean, I think it's one measure we probably would add in tthey future. I think also -- I'll comment on ttheir and let Pierre jump in, but I think to tthey extent we could have stuck with more, I would say routine clinical sites that are actually treating tthey patients, ttheyse high enroller sites were more of ttheyse clinical trial factories, if you will. And ttheyy take people in off tthey street and ttheyy don't have a theirtory with those patients. So ttheyre's not that connection with tthey patient. On tthey flip side, it's not easy to find ttheyse patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. So we do believe if we could have ensured that we had true severe hypertriglyceridemia patients in tthey trial, it might've reduced ttheir effect to some degree. Pierre, I don't know if you want to add anything. Pierre Lemieux Well, thank you. You've said it all, Jan. Yes, I mean, tthey difference is between our product goals and tthey -- our competitors or tthey previous protocols, I mean, ttheyre are very small differences. And so, to explain ttheir -- ttheir difference in placebo that ttheir was unprecedented for sure. And maybe over time, ttheyre's also eittheyr better management of those patients or ttheyy're really in demand. So again, we can prove it, but we could have thought that some of tthey sites were now geared to redefine those patients and tweak in a way some of tthey ways to make ttheym eligible. We can prove it. But maybe over time ttheyre's a gain of intelligence from those sites in order to find those patients. So -- but again, it's not something that we can prove and just pure speculation from our part. It might be a mixture, a mix of all ttheyse things too, lack of fasting. Tthey fact that, like Jan said, I think ttheir is -- we would have been more, I would say comfortable knowing that all tthey patients had a medical theirtory long-term severe hypertriglyceridemia, but it's not tthey case and it was not part of tthey protocol as well. So, in terms of differences in tthey future, we might impose and put into protocol in writing because it was not, and none of tthey ottheyr protocols as well. It did not impose on tthey site, a long-term medical I would say a dossier on tthey patient ttheymselves, but ttheir is something that can be probably added. At tthey same time in tthey future. I mean, in tthey same time, it would have had a lot of time to ttheyse -- to those trials. So that's also to keep in mind. So tthey more you’re imposing restrictions and exclusion criteria, it's already difficult to find ttheyse patients [indiscernible] put a long list of tthey same criteria, it becomes -- it would have taken us maybe 3, 4 years before we could have completed. So, overall, if I may, I think we don't think tthey protocol was wrong or bad or miss, I think it was according to what was done in tthey past by ottheyrs and even improved in some cases. So tthey fact that we have fibrates in our trial as well was a plus. But overall, ttheir is what I can add on what Jan have covered. Mayank Mamtani Okay. Thanks for that. And I understand it's a cash [indiscernible]. So two quick specific questions. Can you maybe comment on tthey error bars that you may have seen with tthey post-hoc versus ITT? Just trying to understand like tthey super responder ptheynomena, if ttheyre is. And ttheyn tthey background fish oil supplement use, I know you said lipid medication in general, but just curious if ttheyre was any background fittheyyr supplement news in pre-randomization or afterwards that you noted could be something worth highlighting. Just curious about that. Pierre Lemieux Yes. Well, I take tthey second question, to be honest. Tthey first one, I hadn't quite understood, but to answer your question, of course, supplements, fish oil, or ottheyr concomitant medications even lifestyle, lifestyle change as well was looked at to determine wtheyttheyr or not ttheir -- ttheyse elements could have disturbed tthey trial and we didn't find anything. So honestly ttheyre was no unbalance or anything to be reported theyre that would have changed tthey outcome of tthey trials. So it's -- it was looked at. Good question. But we can -- so we ruled it out. Tthey first question, I'm not sure I understood what you were asking. Mayank Mamtani Yes. Tthey error bars of wtheyn you look -- wtheyn you do your [indiscernible] just kind of tthey super responders or under responders like just curious if that was different in ITT versus post-hoc analyses? Pierre Lemieux No. I mean -- yes, exactly. So that's a good question. So in our protocol, we had planned for all tthey statistical power is based on potential standard deviation, for instance. In our protocol it was set at 40%. And again, it's based on what we've seen in tthey -- in previous trials. And wtheyn we did tthey original analysis versus tthey, let's say, tthey post-hoc analyses, ttheyre was not much difference in variability. So tthey standard deviation was not that different. You could have expected because you're only using one value that you have a lot of variation, using only one value. And surprisingly, we were in tthey same ballpark comparing tthey original analysis versus tthey post-hoc analyses. So … Mayank Mamtani Okay, great. And just final one, if you could comment on tthey FDA request that you had for a [indiscernible] like what specific outcome you were looking for and as you think about going forward from TRILOGY 2, just kind of highlight what is tthey desired outcome from TRILOGY 2 that will theylp you get to that request that you had for tthey FDA in type C? Jan D’Alvise You know, I'm not sure I caught tthey first part of that Mayank, sorry. You said -- could you repeat it? Mayank Mamtani Yes, sure. So as you obviously highlighted wtheyn you have tthey FDA meeting request, I've seen some request, ttheyre was a number of items you wanted to discuss with ttheym live … Jan D’Alvise Right. Mayank Mamtani … and ttheyre was a desired outcome from that, and it seems like ttheyy responded to you with a written response. So I'm just curious, what was your desire like your blue sky [ph] scenario ttheyre in that meeting and how do you think TRILOGY 2 could theylp you get ttheyre to that desired outcome? Jan D’Alvise Okay. Yes. So if I understand -- and keep in mind that during COVID, tthey FDA is not conducting meetings. So ttheir was handled we had to submit questions in writing and all of our background materials in writing. So we sent ttheym an extensive package and a list of questions and ttheyy reviewed tthey package and provided some answers back. So it's really based on that as we said that we will continue to do some additional actual post-hoc analyses based on tthey FDA's response, and ttheyn proceed with modifying tthey -- and finalizing tthey TRILOGY 2 statistical analysis plan, which will include tthey ability to do some of ttheyse post-hoc analyses now that we understand what happened in TRILOGY 1 and submit that to tthey FDA, and ttheyn we'll proceed to unblind. And once we unblind TRILOGY 2, tthey plan would ttheyn be to pull tthey data from both trials to see if we could get to a favorable P value. Now ttheir would be combining tthey ITT populations from both trials. And so if -- we believe ttheir, if we can get a strong positive P value with TRILOGY 2, and if tthey pooled efficacy results with TRILOGY 1 using tthey ITT population from TRILOGY 1 are also favorable, that we would ttheyn plan to discuss with tthey FDA wtheyttheyr ttheyy would allow us to use that data to proceed to file an NDA. And again, ttheyre's precedence for that. And I think we believe that tthey post-hoc analyses has definitely shown a strong trend in favor of CaPre. That's what we were hoping to understand what happened, how do we explain ttheir placebo effect. And wtheyn you correct for that placebo effect, do you have resulting data that supports tthey effectiveness of CaPre. We believe we have that now. So tthey next step is to unblind TRILOGY 2, pull tthey data and see if we can get to a positive P value. And if we do, ttheyn I think it's a matter of sitting down with tthey FDA in a pre-NDA meeting, which would be theyld sometime later ttheir year, and to go through all tthey data, discuss it with ttheym and get ttheyir guidance on wtheyttheyr or not we can proceed to file an NDA. I don't know if that answered your question, but that would be tthey plan. Mayank Mamtani Yes, that's very theylpful. Thank you, Jan. I appreciate it and look forward to more updates. Jan D’Alvise Thanks. Thanks, Mayank. Operator We'll take our next question from Andre Uddin with Mackie Research Capital. Please go atheyad. Andre Uddin Hi, Jan. Hi, Pierre. Just a … Jan D’Alvise Hi, Andre. Andre Uddin Just a couple of questions. In terms of tthey TRILOGY post-hoc analyses, how many patients would have needed -- would you have needed to show statistical significance? Jan D’Alvise I don't know that. Pierre, do you have that number in your theyad? Pierre Lemieux I don't actually. Yes, I don't. We can get back to you Andre on ttheir. Andre Uddin Okay. Sure. And just in terms, I know you sort of answered ttheir before, but in a future based on that, you don't quite understand what happened in tthey pre-randomization in a future trial design would you be able to prevent tthey same issue if you ran anottheyr Phase 3 trial? Jan D’Alvise Yes, so again, as I think, Leland kind of touctheyd on ttheir as well. I think -- and I guess Mayank did that we probably would want to do fasted blood glucose levels, even though ttheyy're not as meaningful in that population. I think we would want to get those levels just to see what ttheyy tell us. And see if ttheyre's, significant change any surprises ttheyre, throughout tthey qualification period. And I don't know, Pierre, if you want to comment. I mean, I know you guys have been kicking around some additional things that in terms of monitoring that you might do. Pierre Lemieux Yes. I mean as I said to Mayank as well, so tthey medical theirtory becomes also very important. I think it gives you more confidence about tthey eligibility of tthey patient as well. So that's one thing. Ttheyre's also ttheir -- potential compliance issue that might still -- again, we [indiscernible] could prove that eittheyr, but that too would have been easy for us to rule out tthey sites or patients to say, ttheyy didn't take tthey drug. So -- and we have tthey data, but I think we could do more to monitor, if you will, levels of EPA DHA, we've done it. But maybe we could do more. And again, it really -- previous trials in ottheyr fields and lipid management, for instance sometimes, some of tthey trials have failed because tthey patients were not taking ttheyir drugs. So in our case, it doesn't seem to be tthey issue, but I wouldn't take any chance in tthey future. So that's something we could probably improve. Not that it was an issue theyre, but I think it could be useful, yes. Andre Uddin Okay. That's great. Thanks. Thanks, guys. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Andre. Operator We'll take our next question from Nathan Weinstein with Aegis Capital. Please go atheyad. Nathan Weinstein Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And it's clear you've been literally working on going through TRILOGY 1 and thanks for sharing your findings with us. And so my first question relates to tthey fact that tthey FDA is going to require tthey analysis to be performed on tthey [indiscernible]. I just was curious wtheyttheyr that was a surprise compared to your expectations going in? Jan D’Alvise No, not at all. We honestly expected that. I think we're encouraged by tthey fact that ttheyy allowed us to do tthey -- and will continue to allow us to do ttheyse additional post-hoc analyses. Tthey ottheyr thing I should mention is that we, again, we don't have tthey answer yet, Pierre and tthey statisticians are working on ttheir now, but we're taking a look at modeling what kind of results we would need to get in TRILOGY 2 to be able to get an overall favorable P value in a pooled analysis. So that's an important analysis that's underway right now. So I don't know if that answers your question, but … Nathan Weinstein Yes, thank you. And so obviously I'll be watching to see what TRILOGY 2 looks like, but to sort of take a little weight off of a binary situation if we think about a scenario wtheyre you do kind of have to run anottheyr Phase 3 trial, prospectively speaking, would that be separate in terms of tthey analysis and data [indiscernible] that went into it separate from tthey first two TRILOGY trials? Jan D’Alvise Pierre, do you want to answer? I think it would be considered part of tthey TRILOGY program. So it would be in effect a TRILOGY 3, if you will. Tthey question is -- and Pierre can jump in theyre, but tthey question is how big that study would need to be, how long tthey study would need to take, because we already just in TRILOGY 2 alone, have more patients than for example [indiscernible] had with ttheyir Marine [ph] trial. Remember ttheyy just had one trial to get approval in severe hypertriglyceridemia. So, tthey question is how big will that trial need to be? And could it go for 12 weeks instead of 26 weeks? Pierre, I don't know if you want to add anything. Pierre Lemieux Yes. I mean, it's part of tthey story. So if we have TRILOGY 3, it will be used as -- all tthey trials, even our Phase 2 trials will be part of tthey story. So you cannot just take a trial and hide it, it's out ttheyre and if ttheyy're going to be looking at ttheir. And so, I think, and -- on tthey efficacy as well. So not only safety, but -- not only figures about safety as well, it will be combined. So definitely, but like Jan said, I think it's an important point. We have tthey biggest program and if we have TRILOGY 3, it's going to be even bigger than tthey ottheyrs. And those numbers now might be very, very useful for us. So and ttheir is what Jan was alluding earlier. Tthey fact that we have ttheir is tthey biggest program if TRILOGY 2 turns out to be positive, ttheyre's ways to, if you will, mitigate tthey impact of TRILOGY 1. So ttheir is tthey magic of statistical analysis, but we'll know more in tthey future about ttheir, but it's [indiscernible] that tthey more patients are better. And it allows really to mitigate some of ttheyse fluke or bad luck that we've seen. So I would imagine that tthey TRILOGY 2 is have to be done. It will be, you'll need to confirm some of tthey doubts tthey FDA will have. So -- and that's why those post-hoc analyses become important because you're -- you can show [indiscernible] to tthey FDA that if you -- if you're really limiting your population to ttheir that you have in a very interesting outcome, and ttheir is how you can define tthey future design of phase of tthey TRILOGY 3, if need to be. So, yes -- so overall, everything will be taken togettheyr for sure. Nathan Weinstein Thank you. And if I could just ask one more question. After you guys reported all tthey secondary and exploratory end points from tthey two TRILOGY 1 and TRILOGY 2, and if you just sort of a confirmation of tthey [indiscernible] effect, and maybe do you think you could build in something to look more at a diabetic population in a future trial? Thank you. Jan D’Alvise Yes, I'm not sure I caught what tthey question was, Nathan, but we absolutely are looking at all of that in tthey secondary and exploratory endpoints. None of that has been unblinded yet. So we'll look at all of that after we unblind TRILOGY 2. Remember, it was really important to make sure we were clear on how tthey FDA wanted us to handle tthey TRILOGY 1 data before we fully did tthey analysis on all tthey secondary and exploratory endpoints. So, of course, that's really, really important because we believe that CaPre has some unique advantages. And we would hope to see what we saw in Phase 2, that we have at least a neutral to favorable effects on LDL, neutral to positive effect increasing HDL. And ttheyn it's going to be very, very interesting tthey fact that we had 50% of our patients were diabetics in TRILOGY 1, we've got tthey population ttheyre to really look at what's going on with ttheyir theymoglobin A1C. And we don't know what tthey mix is yet in TRILOGY 2, but we should have enough data ttheyre to really look at those key lipid end points and be able to show hopefully some advantage with CaPre. Nathan Weinstein Thanks and I appreciate tthey color. Jan D’Alvise You bet. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. We'll turn tthey floor back over to our speakers. Jan D’Alvise Okay. Well, I don't have much more to add. I want to thank everyone for listening in today and we absolutely look forward to continuing to provide you with additional updates as soon as we have ttheym and as soon as possible. So with that, I'd just say, everyone take care. Stay safe and we'll speak to you all soon. Bye-bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a great day.