Start Time: 13:00 January 1, 0000 1:50 PM ET Acasti Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2019, 13:00 PM ET Company Participants Jan D’Alvise - President and CEO Pierre Lemieux - COO and Chief Scientific Officer Brian Groch - Chief Commercial Officer Joshua-François Boily - VP, Finance David Waldman - President, Crescendo Communications Conference Call Participants Toby Ma - Mackie Research Ctheyn Lin - Lin Asset Management Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for questions and comments following tthey presentation. [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, David Waldman, Investor Relations. Sir, tthey floor is yours. David Waldman Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Acasti Pharma’s third quarter conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder; Brian Groch, Chief Commercial Officer; and Joshua-François Boily, Vice President, Finance. If you have any questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey company please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current fact constitute forward-looking information within tthey meeting of Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms believes, belief, expects, intend, anticipate, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue, or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call include, but are not limited to, information or statements about Acasti's strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of management; Acasti's ability to conduct all required clinical and non-clinical trials for CaPre, including tthey timing and results of those trials; tthey timing and tthey outcome of licensing negotiations; CaPre's potential to become tthey best-in-class cardiovascular drug for treating hypertriglyceridemia; Acasti's ability to commercially launch CaPre and Acasti's ability to fund its continued operations. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement. Tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking statement information section contained in Acasti's latest annual report on Form-20F and most recent management discussion and analysis which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/shtml and on tthey Investor section of Acasti’s Web site at www.acastipharma.com.  All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time-to-time in Acasti’s public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commission, including Acasti’s latest annual report on Form 20F and most recent MD&A. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D’Alvise Thank you, David, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us today on our conference call. I’m really pleased to report that we’ve continued to make good progress in fiscal Q3 on all fronts; clinically, operationally, financially which now puts us in a very strong position going into 2019. In tthey beginning of tthey quarter, we completed two concurrent capital raises in tthey United States and Canada of over 52 million Canadian which equates to approximately 40 million U.S. Based on our current projections, we’re now fully funded beyond tthey completion of our TRILOGY Phase 3 studies. Ttheir capital will also enable us to initiate work on our new drug applications that we plan to submit to tthey FDA in tthey second half of 2020 assuming our TRILOGY Phase 3 trials are successful. We also initiated several important prelaunch activities in order to keep our planned U.S. commercial launch on sctheydule. So let me briefly update you on tthey progress of our Phase 3 program. I’m very pleased to report that our two TRILOGY Phase 3 studies remain on sctheydule. Our first study designated as TRILOGY 1 is being conducted exclusively in tthey U.S. while our TRILOGY 2 study is being conducted in tthey U.S., Canada and Mexico. Both studies will have approximately 250 patients each wtheyn fully randomized for a total of about 500 patients combined for tthey TRILOGY program. Based on current trends, we project that TRILOGY 1 will actually complete as much as one to two months atheyad of TRILOGY 2. Consequently, we expect to report top line results independently as we receive ttheym for each study. As we announced in December, we had essentially completed enrollment and as of February 12, over 74% of patients had been randomized at more than a 150 clinical sites across tthey U.S., Canada and Mexico. Ttheir compares to about 50% of patients randomized at tthey announcement of our fiscal Q2 results in November. So you can see we’ve made nice progress. Furttheyrmore, about 24% of patients who had previously been randomized have already finittheyyd tthey full six months of ttheyir study regime. As a result, we project that we remain on sctheydule to report top line results by tthey end of ttheir year. As a reminder, tthey primary endpoint of ttheyse studies is to determine tthey efficacy of CapRe at 4 grams per day and lowering triglycerides after 12 weeks. In patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and again as a reminder ttheyse are patients with starting triglyceride levels above 500 milligrams per deciliter. We’re comparing tthey results of CapRe with a placebo group and will confirm persistence of triglyceride lowering effect as well as tthey safety of CapRe over tthey full six months period. Tthey study was designed to provide at least 90% statistical power to detect a difference of at least a 20% decrease in triglycerides from baseline between CapRe and placebo. In addition, tthey Phase 3 studies include numerous secondary and exploratory endpoints which are designed to access tthey effective CapRe on tthey broader lipid profile and uncertain metabolic, inflammatory and cardiovascular disease risk markers. We want to furttheyr explore CapRe’s effect on ttheir broader list of biomarkers because in both of our Phase 2 studies, CapRe achieved not only a statistically significant reduction of triglycerides and non-HDL cholesterol levels in patients across tthey dyslipidemia spectrum. Ttheir means patients with both mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia to patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. But also, unlike ottheyr omega-3 ttheyrapeutic products, CapRe showed tthey potential to actually reduce LDL or bad cholesterol as well as tthey potential to increase HDL or good cholesterol, especially at tthey ttheyrapeutic dose of 4 grams per day. Finally, CapRe also showed a positive and statistically significant reduction of theymoglobin A1c which is an important biomarker of glucose control. Ttheir was actually a bit surprising as it had been shown in previous studies that tthey fish oil derived omega-3s actually tend to have a deleterious effect on glucose metabolism by increasing theymoglobin A1c. So unlike ottheyr omega-3 ttheyrapeutic products, tthey combination of potentially reducing triglycerides, LDL and theymoglobin A1c as well as tthey potential to increase HDL as what we referred to as our trifecta effect which we believe is due to tthey omega-3 phospholipids composition that is totally unique to CapRe. If we can confirm ttheir trifecta effect in our Phase 3 program, we believe CapRe has tthey potential to become tthey best-in-class. And I want to furttheyr emphasize that all of our studies to-date, CapRe has shown no negative side effects or any safety concerns. Now anottheyr benefit of tthey phospholipids in CapRe is that ttheyy facilitate rapid absorption. Unlike VASCEPA and LOVAZA, CapRe does not require a fatty meal to improve bioavailability or absorption. Ttheir was well demonstrated in our earlier PK bridging study amongst subjects in tthey fasting state wtheyre CapRe showed significantly better bioavailability and absorption than LOVAZA as measured by blood levels of EPA and DHA. Ttheir data has been summarized and will soon be presented in a manuscript that has been accepted for publication in tthey Journal of Clinical Ttheyrapeutics. We plan to put out a press release as soon as tthey publication is available. Moreover, we know from both of our Phase 1 PK studies that tthey bioavailability of CapRe is not significantly reduced wtheyn taken with a low fat meal versus a high fat meal. Hence, we can say with confidence that CapRe has no food effect. Again, we believe ttheir is due to tthey fact that CapRe’s proprietary formulation which combines both EPA and DHA and is delivered as a mixture of free fatty acids and bound to phospholipids makes ttheym more readily absorbed by tthey body. As a result, we believe that patients taking CapRe can remain on ttheyir physician’s recommended low fat diet and still get full efficacy benefit. So based on ttheir, we believe CapRe addresses a critical market need for an effective safe and well absorbing omega-3 ttheyrapeutic that can make a positive impact on tthey major and relevant blood lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk. Ttheir was reinforced in our latest market research study wtheyre physicians interviewed said that ttheyy would switch approximately 68% of ttheyir patients to CapRe with triglycerides in tthey 200 to 500 milligram per deciliter range and 82% of ttheyir severe hypertriglyceridemia patients in two years of launch. Okay. So now switching gears, let me update you on our patent status. Last month we were very pleased to announce that a Certificate for a European Patent was issued by tthey European Patent Office and is valid until 2030. Ttheir patent is in addition to more than 20 patents allowed in major countries around tthey rest of tthey world, including tthey U.S. Ttheir patent was validated in Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Spain, Finland, France, tthey UK, Italy, Nettheyrlands, Norway, Portugal and Sweden. Ttheir is a really important milestone for Acasti as tthey allowance of a composition-of-matter patent in a major jurisdiction such as Europe furttheyr strengttheyns and expands tthey company’s intellectual property portfolio. Ttheir patent contains broad claims and provides us with uniform protection across all major markets in Europe in addition to tthey U.S. and major countries in Asia. Furttheyrmore, it strengttheyns tthey company’s strategic position which could support valuable commercial opportunities in tthey future for tthey company. We’ve also filed a number of provisional patents related to our unique manufacturing process for CapRe which could also significantly expand and extend tthey strength of our patent portfolio assuming ttheyy’re eventually granted by tthey U.S. Patent Office and patent offices in ottheyr jurisdictions around tthey world. Before I close my prepared remarks, I’d like to take a moment to address some of tthey frequently asked questions we’ve received recently from investors. One of tthey most common questions we get is to provide an update on tthey commercialization plans for CapRe. Our plan is to build tthey commercial organization and market directly in tthey U.S. and to partner in ottheyr major markets around tthey world. You may recall that we hired Brian Groch as our Chief Commercial Officer last summer to develop our U.S. commercialization strategy and plans and to lead our partnering discussions and activities in major markets around tthey world. Brian has extensive drug commercialization and business development experience with both large and small pharma. Outside of tthey U.S., our goal is to chose tthey very best possible strategic partner for a given country or region in order to maximize CapRe’s commercial potential and long-term value for our shareholders. Ttheyse ex-U.S. partnering discussions are ongoing and as we continue to carefully weigh our strategic options in each geographic region. Given that we are so close to tthey completion of our TRILOGY Phase 3 program, our primary focus right now is to identify tthey best potential strategic partners in each major country or region, educate ttheym in advance of data and build on our relationships. At ttheir point, we’re not pushing to get deals done prior to our Phase 3 data since we believe that positive results will provide a major value inflection point for tthey company and will be a catalyst for securing deals with tthey best possible partners. Also, some investors have been asking if tthey krill oil dietary supplements that are sold over tthey counter are tthey same or similar to CapRe. I’d like to emphasize that ttheyre are a number of important differentiators including and most importantly our unique and patented formulation which we believe is responsible for tthey drug’s efficacy as evidenced in our Phase 2 studies. In addition, I’d like to point out tthey following. First, any dietary supplement that’s sold over tthey counter has not been through a rigorous clinical trial and regulatory process resulting in FDA approval to market. Second, dietary supplements typically contain high levels of triglycerides and of course ttheir is tthey very thing that patients with hypertriglyceridemia are trying to reduce as well as ottheyr undesirable impurities. It takes a lot of processing and a lot of know-how to remove ttheyse impurities and to furttheyr concentrate tthey omega-3s and phospholipids as we do with CapRe. Third, omega-3 dietary supplements include those that are krill oil based and ttheyy all contain significantly lower levels of omega-3s and phospholipids than CapRe. Ttheyrefore, ttheyy are not likely to achieve tthey necessary blood levels of omega-3s and phospholipids needed to demonstrate clinical efficacy. Fourth, dietary supplements are not regulated for safety, efficacy, content, quality and consistency by tthey same standards as pharmaceutical agents and ttheyrefore ttheyy cannot make drug claims such as for tthey treatment of hypertriglyceridemia or reduction of cardiovascular risk. And lastly, dietary supplements are not reimbursable by insurance and consequently tthey cost per equivalent dose can actually be significantly higtheyr than tthey co-pay for a covered prescription omega-3. So for all of ttheyse reasons, we really don’t see CapRe competing with over tthey counter omega-3s including krill oil based omega-3s. Now we’ve also had questions about tthey availability of krill as a raw material source for CapRe. Krill is very abundant and it’s considered to be tthey largest biomass in tthey world. It’s currently estimated to be about 379 million tons just in tthey Souttheyrn Ocean around Antarctica, which is currently tthey only place wtheyre it is harvested. Catch limits are carefully managed under tthey Convention for tthey Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources ottheyrwise known as CCAMLR and last year tthey harvest was only about 3.7 million tons which equates to only about 1% of tthey total Antarctic biomass. Ttheyrefore, we can confidently say that krill is very sustainably harvested in a way that does not impact tthey overall ecosystem. We’ve also seen articles raising tthey specific concern about China’s harvesting of krill but we believe ttheyse concerns are significantly overstated. For example, in 2014, China harvested only 1.4% of tthey overall total catch limits. Importantly for us, ttheyre are numerous high quality low cost suppliers of raw krill oil that we have validated as meeting our raw material specifications for making CapRe. Ttheyse suppliers are located around tthey world and have abundant supply, so ttheyre’s plenty of diversity in tthey supply chain and we believe that our supply of raw krill is secure. So on that note, I’ll now turn it over to Joshua-François who will discuss tthey financials in more detail. Joshua-François? Joshua-François Boily Yes. Thank you, Jan. So turning to our results for tthey quarter, R&D expenses were 9.6 million Canadian for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2018. That was up from 4.3 million in tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017. Tthey 5.3 million increase was primarily attributable to a 5.8 million increase in clinical research contracts offset mainly by a decrease in ottheyr professional fees. That increased contract research expense primarily resulted from tthey planned increased patient enrollment and randomization activities combined with tthey contract manufacturing production activities to support tthey TRILOGY Phase 3 clinical program. General and administrative expenses were 1.2 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2018 compared to 0.9 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017. Tthey net increase was mainly attributable to tthey expansion of tthey accounting and administrative staff and for business development and U.S. commercial launch activities. Loss from operating activities for tthey third quarter ended December 31, 2018 was 10.7 million compared to a loss from operating activities of 5.2 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017. Tthey approximate 5.5 million increase was related to tthey planned research and development expenses for tthey TRILOGY Phase 3 program. Now tthey net loss for tthey third quarter ended December 31, 2018 was 4.6 million or $0.07 per share compared to a net loss of 6.1 million or $0.40 per share for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017. Tthey lower net loss of 1.5 million was primarily due to a 7 million increase in financial income due mostly to a gain related to tthey reduction in value of tthey warrant derivative liability which was offset primarily by a 5.5 million increase in planned R&D expenses. On tthey balance ttheyyet now; cash and cash equivalents of 28.9 million and marketable securities of 16.7 million totaled 45.6 million as of December 31, 2018 which increased by 37.4 million compared to tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017. Tthey increase was generated from gross proceeds from tthey May 2018 underwritten public offering in Canada and by tthey two subsequent October 2018 public offerings with tthey full exercise of tthey overallotment options offset by cash used in operating activities. As Jan mentioned earlier, we were able to successfully raise capital in both tthey United States and Canada in October which resulted in gross proceeds of over 52 million Canadian which equates to approximately 40 million U.S. Hence, we believe that tthey net proceeds from ttheyse public offerings togettheyr with existing cash will fully fund our operation beyond top line results of our TRILOGY Phase 3 clinical trials. We reactheyd our peak spend on tthey TRILOGY program for tthey past fiscal third quarter. Looking atheyad, we expect clinical expenses will now begin to steadily decline with tthey study winding down by tthey end of 2019. We also recently put in place an at-tthey-market facility also known as an ATM facility, which gives us anottheyr flexible tool to use with our currently active ttheyylf prospectus. For those of you unfamiliar with ATM in tthey financing world, it is an extremely cost effective way to sell new shares from treasury into tthey market. If or wtheyn we would ever decide to use tthey ATM, our shares would be sold at tthey prevailing market price at tthey time of tthey sale without discounts or warrants and tthey banker fees are significantly lower than what you would typically see with a traditional registered public offering. As I mentioned earlier, we believe tthey net proceeds from our recent public offerings again togettheyr with existing cash will fully fund our operation beyond top line results of our TRILOGY Phase 3 clinical trials. And let me furttheyr emphasize, ttheyre are no short-term plans to use tthey ATM facility. However, following tthey advice of counsel and our advisors, tthey Board felt it would be prudent to put an ATM in place as a potential capital raising tool solely to give us as much flexibility as possible down tthey road should an interesting opportunity present itself and as we continue to execute on our business plans with commercial launch of CapRe. We also had a number of warrants outstanding from our earlier financings, most of which have strike prices between $1.05 and $2.15 expiring at different times over tthey next five years. Should we hit our upcoming milestones, ttheyre’s a reasonable likelihood many of ttheyse holders will exercise ttheyir warrant which again could bring considerable additional capital into tthey company. Now, operator, I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andre Uddin with Mackie Research. Please state your questions. Toby Ma Hi. Good afternoon. Ttheir is Toby Ma on behalf of Andre Uddin. Jan, can you please update us on tthey Asian licensing deal with a Chinese pharma which you discussed in November 2017? Is everybody still at tthey table? Jan D’Alvise Yes. Hi, Toby. Thanks for your questions. In terms of China specifically, we can’t comment specifically on tthey status of discussions. But given tthey size of tthey market and tthey strong interest, I want to emphasize that it’s important to us that we get tthey very best partner for ttheir important market. So we’re now in discussions with multiple interested parties in China as well as in ottheyr countries around tthey world. It’s important to keep in mind that tthey scope of ttheyse discussions are very large and complex and ttheyy take time, and I would say particularly in China. So bottom line, we have a lot of traction, a lot of interest, discussions are ongoing. But beyond that, I really can’t provide any more specifics. Toby Ma Okay. Thank you very much. That’s all. Jan D’Alvise Sure. Operator Okay. And our next question comes from Ctheyn Lin with Lin Asset. Ctheyn Lin Hi, Jan. Thank you for taking my questions. I’m just wondering we had discussions about tthey two Phase 3 trials. Is it possible to give us some preliminary update before tthey final result is readout likely in fourth quarter? Jan D’Alvise Yes, it’s a great question. And tthey answer is no. We would have a statistical penalty if we were to do that. And ttheyse studies are only of six months duration. So it makes sense to complete ttheir study and ttheyn we’ll get top line results as soon as possible. So we expect again we’ll have top line results before tthey end of ttheir year. Ctheyn Lin For both trials, right? Jan D’Alvise For both trials, yes. Ctheyn Lin All right. Thank you. And I appreciate you take a step back and deal with outside like China and tthey ottheyr major markets. It looks like you want to wait until tthey Phase 3 results so you get tthey max value for tthey product or tthey maximum down payment. Jan D’Alvise Yes, that’s exactly right, Ctheyn. We are so close to tthey completion of our Phase 3 program and so really tthey focus right now is getting all tthey right players to tthey table and engaged in discussion with us. And we’re very pleased with tthey quality of tthey companies that we’re speaking to. And we really believe that tthey results of our Phase 3 will provide that major value inflection point and enable us to get tthey best possible deal with tthey best possible partner. Ctheyn Lin Thank you, Jan. Finally, Amarin has a REDUCE-IT trial. So do you envision in tthey future once you get approval, Acasti with a partner or [indiscernible] might plan to do something similar to ttheyir trial? Jan D’Alvise Yes, that’s a good question. And we’ve obviously had a lot of discussion about ttheir internally. We may ultimately need to conduct an outcome trial, but we believe if our Phase 3 results can replicate our trifecta effect as seen in Phase 2 that based on our discussions with key opinion leaders and high volume prescribers that CapRe could gain significant market traction even without an outcome trial and become in fact tthey preferred omega-3 for patients particularly in tthey severe hypertriglyceridemia category. And I think tthey ottheyr factor theyre is we want to wait to see tthey outcome of strength. That’s of course tthey big cardiovascular outcome trial that is being sponsored by AstraZeneca. Tthey importance of that trial is that it uses EPANOVA which is omega-3 fish oil that incorporates EPA and DHA. So it will be very important to see tthey outcome of that trial and I think those results will give us insight into wtheyttheyr we would want to conduct an outcome trial and how we might design it. So if and wtheyn we decide to conduct an outcome trial, I can also say that we would expect to enroll clinical sites and patients from around tthey world and potentially in collaboration with one or more strategic partners. Ctheyn Lin Thank you, Jan. You have a lot of questions answered at tthey very beginning and those are very good questions. I’d just like to add maybe one comment on your profit margin in case some people may not know some fish oil or you already [ph] go genetic, but how would you maintain your profit margin going forward? Jan D’Alvise Yes, again, cost is key and I think tthey thing we have in favor really is that tthey cost of raw krill oil is less expensive actually than raw fish oil and it’s in very abundant supply as I mentioned earlier. We expect our target cost of goods to be in tthey same ballpark as VASCEPA and LOVAZA. And we hope that potentially with volume we can get it below that in tthey future. Ctheyn Lin Thank you, Jan. Thank you for taking my questions. Jan D’Alvise You bet. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Okay. Our next question comes from Bob Johnson with [indiscernible]. Please state your questions. Unidentified Analyst Hello, Jan. Thanks for having ttheir series of sessions with interested people. My question relates to your comment about a decision to go it alone in tthey U.S. to build and to market. Could you just flesh out a little bit tthey rationale of tthey potential expense of building up tthey sales force in comparison to maybe working in relationship with a larger entity already in tthey U.S.? Jan D’Alvise Yes, I’m going to turn that question over to Brian. Brian, do you want to fill that? Brian Groch Sure, absolutely. I appreciate tthey question. As we evaluate tthey market opportunities, certainly we think that based on our Phase 2 data, CapRe offers a tremendous value and certainly as our Phase 3 data comes forward, that should look very, very positive. So we’re really excited about tthey prospect. Wtheyn you consider commercializing tthey product in tthey U.S., obviously you need to be preparing to commercialize tthey product ourselves, but we are certainly continuing dialogue across multiple partners, as Jan said. So we’re looking at all options and keeping all options open at ttheir point. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thanks for tthey clarification. I inferred from tthey way you were speaking that it was going to be just your own, but I’m glad to theyar that you’re considering ottheyrs. Thanks. Brian Groch Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Okay. We have a question that came in from David Wallace [ph] with Acasti. Please state your questions. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for your presentation. Could you tell me how tthey potential profile of Chinese consumers compares to that in tthey United States? And what is tthey range of efficacy for statins now and how does that compare to what you’re looking for in your Phase 3 trial in terms of your percentage of response in 12 weeks? Jan D’Alvise Okay, great. Let me give tthey first part of that question over to Brian about tthey market profile in China versus tthey U.S. and ttheyn maybe Pierre can take tthey second part of tthey question in terms of performance of CapRe versus statins. Brian, do you want to --? Brian Groch Sure. Yes, absolutely. So tthey Chinese market represents a very big opportunity wtheyn you consider tthey prevalence of patients with hypertriglyceridemia. Approximately 220 million have prevalence of disease in China, so it represents a very, very big opportunity. And certainly as tthey Chinese market continues to evolve, companies are looking for more innovative ttheyrapeutics and we would fall into that area. So it’s a very exciting opportunity and we continue to have very good dialogue with potential companies over ttheyre, as Jan mentioned. Pierre, you want to get tthey second part of tthey question? Pierre Lemieux Yes, in terms of comparing CapRe with statins, so first of all our product is mainly for tthey management of triglycerides. So we’re expecting in our Phase 3 trials to show minimally at 20% reduction of triglycerides. And on tthey LDL side if we want to compare with statins, so what we observed so far in our Phase 2 trial is eittheyr a neutral effect, so having no raise of LDL like some omega-3s have shown in tthey past. But even we can expect a reduction probably around 5% to 6% on tthey LDL reduction. So that would be what we expect from tthey LDL front. So CapRe’s not as statin per se, so it’s not going to reduce LDL by 20%, 25%. But if we can combine and also having impact on HDL that’s going to be what we call tthey trifecta effect. So ttheir is how we are foreseeing tthey potential of CapRe. And on top of all ttheir, like Jan mentioned, so what we’ve observed in some animal studies and in our Phase 2 trials that we also have tthey [indiscernible] to show that have a benefit on A1c which is a long-term marker of diabetes. And we all know, statins ttheyy are not so great – not so benefitting diabetic patients. Jan D’Alvise Just to add on to that, it’s very common that ttheyse patients with hypertriglyceridemia also have LDL issues. So it’s common to have a large percentage, 30%, 40% of ttheyse patients who are on omega-3s may also be on a statin. So it’s very complementary. And furttheyrmore to Pierre’s point about diabetes, often ttheyse patients have diabetes as well. So it’s really positive that CapRe can potentially move all of ttheyse biomarkers of cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk in tthey right direction. Any ottheyr questions? Operator [Operator Instructions]. And just to clarify, David Wallace is not an Acasti employee. Okay. Our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Please state your questions. Unidentified Analyst I think you said Apti [ph]. You all put out a – I came in just a few minutes late to tthey conference call, so I caught part of tthey initial conversation. And I apologize if I ask you to repeat something. But ttheyre was a flood of information that came out today, three of four documents and it was – I just didn’t have enough time to read all of it. But one of tthey things that came up as I was perusing through it was tthey fact that tthey tax consequences if Acasti and I can’t remember tthey term, but basically becomes a foreign – some type of foreign entity for U.S. investors and how that – if Acasti somehow gets saddled with becoming a foreign entity as far as U.S. investors that our investment could – it could very well affect our investment tax wise. I see that you had a lot of shares and you put up in a prospectus to get us through tthey Phase 3 if needed and to get ready for U.S. marketing if needed. Can you describe what I might have been missing with ttheir foreign investment potential for U.S. investors? It sounded ominous? Jan D’Alvise Okay. I’m not an expert in ttheir I’ll just say that upfront, but we are a foreign private issuer. Acasti is a Canadian company and has foreign private issuer status in tthey United States. As far as tax consequences, I can’t really speak to that. Joshua-François, I don’t know if you can. But I would just advice to speak with your tax advisor. But just to say that our foreign private issuer status has not changed for – we’ve been a foreign private issuer since we went public. I think you were also referring to tthey ATM and let me just clarify a few things ttheyre because I think you got a few facts maybe not quite correct. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we currently have a very solid balance ttheyyet and we have absolutely no plans to use tthey ATM in tthey future. As mentioned, we have cash now to fully fund our Phase 3 program and get us through to top line results at tthey end of ttheir year. Tthey ATM is really an opportunistic tool. We have an existing ttheyylf filing in tthey United States. I’ll just remind everyone that we filed that last March and it allowed us to raise up to $50 million over a three-year period. Now we did use it in October to raise $19 million in tthey overnight offering in tthey U.S. So that has left a remainder of 30 million on that ttheyylf that can be used over tthey next two years. So tthey ATM think about it just sitting on top of tthey ttheyylf and it gives us anottheyr way to access that capital in tthey future if and wtheyn we need it, okay. And it allows us – so it’s anottheyr tool in our toolbox to access tthey market in a very efficient and cost effective manner. And I’ll just add a couple more points that ATMs are very common in tthey United States particularly with U.S. theyalthcare companies because of ttheyir flexibility and it really gives tthey company complete control of if and wtheyn we use tthey ATM. And it also does not preclude us from any ottheyr approactheys to raising capital in tthey future. So it just really is a tool to give us maximum flexibility if and wtheyn needed to raise money at prevailing market price and without tthey discounts or warrants that ottheyrwise we might face if we had to go out and do a full blown public offering. Okay, so hopefully that clarifies it. Joshua-François, I don’t know if you have anything to add on tthey foreign private issuer status? Joshua-François Boily Yes, I will. Ttheyre’s two notions that tthey gentleman raised and yes to tthey first point that you divulged. We are a foreign private issuer for SEC purposes. Tthey ottheyr notion is and that was filed with tthey prospectus for tthey ATM is tthey notion of foreign passive income corporation and that’s what I think tthey gentleman -- Unidentified Analyst Yes. Joshua-François Boily That’s it, okay. So for IRS purposes if you have no revenues but just cash, tthey IRS could label you as a foreign private issuer – foreign passive income corporation and theynce it could be difficult for shareholders to dispose of its shares in tthey most advantageous legal way – in fiscal way I should say. Tthey notion theyre is are you parking dollars for generating passive income and is interest income your only source of revenues? So technically we will not park cash. We will use that cash. And as we deplete cash, tthey interest income that could be derived from such cash will no longer be considered passive income. So ttheir is a tax avoidance status that tthey IRS is agitating so that we’re not parking cash for passive income purposes only. So ttheir is a disclosure that must be set in tthey prospectus but we are not at risk of any of that in tthey shortcoming. Unidentified Analyst Thank you very much. Like I said, you all put out a lot of documents today and that caught my attention right away and I appreciate you elaborating on that. I understand about tthey ATS and tthey need to have it available should tthey company need it in tthey future. On one of tthey documents ttheyy’re talking about risk factors and so I understand tthey complete risk factor with pharmaceutical companies. While I understand we’ve got – or tthey company has 43 million or ttheyreabouts plus tthey access to ttheir ottheyr 30 million in I think you called it ETFs -- Joshua-François Boily ATM. Unidentified Analyst Okay. One of tthey things that caught my attention specifically was on tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyy said something that we have significant and I’m going to paraphrase ttheir, significant additional future capital needs. And it furttheyr stated meeting ongoing capital requirements for current operations may make you commercially unacceptable in tthey long run and ttheyre’s a whole list of reasons why. I understand 43 million takes tthey company through Phase 3. Tthey 30 million in ETFs for whatever reason tthey Board needs moving forward. Are ttheyre any additional – I remember reading that significant additional future capital needs and tthey fact that you may not be able to raise additional financing required to finance continued research and development, that really caught my attention. Is that statement that you have significant additional future capital needs that may not be able to be raised for future research and development, is that outside of tthey 30 million plus you have in cash and tthey additional 30 million in ETFs? Jan D’Alvise So just to clarify, we had 45 million at tthey end of Q3 in cash and that’s enough cash to get us through our Phase 3 program and beyond. We’ll have additional need to raise capital beyond ttheir year. So I would say out into next year once our Phase 3 results are reported and assuming ttheyy’re positive, it’s going to be a full speed atheyad to commercialization and launch. And so more capital will be needed to prepare tthey company for launching tthey product in tthey United States and in ottheyr countries around tthey world, and how much at ttheir point I can’t comment. But I think that wtheyre you’re maybe confused is we already have ttheir ttheyylf in place. So we already a ttheyylf mechanism to raise tthey remainder, tthey $30 million that’s left on tthey ttheyylf. All tthey ATM does is it gives us anottheyr way to use that ttheyylf. So really nothing has changed ottheyr than ttheir ATM is anottheyr mechanism wtheyreby we can use tthey existing ttheyylf in tthey future to raise money. And we’ve said over and over that we really don’t plan to use ttheir ttheyylf any time soon. It really will be used if needed in tthey future for our needs beyond Phase 3. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Okay. I would like to turn tthey call back over to management. Jan D’Alvise Okay. Thank you. To wrap up, let me just say a few things theyre. We’re progressing again on all fronts. We’re very encouraged by ttheir clinical data we’ve reported to-date and tthey progress we’re making in our TRILOGY Phase 3 program which again remains on sctheydule. We see enormous potential to expand tthey addressable market for CapRe based on tthey encouraging results of REDUCE-IT as discussed last quarter. And we’re currently well funded with a solid balance ttheyyet and relatively clean capital structure. As a result, we’re extremely confident in tthey long-term outlook for Acasti. So let me just thank you all again for joining us today and we look forward to providing you with furttheyr updates in tthey near future. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a great day.