Start Time: 13:00 January 1, 0000 1:40 PM ET Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 13, 2019, 13:00 PM ET Company Participants Jan D’Alvise - President and CEO Jeremy-François Boily - VP, Finance Pierre Lemieux - Co-Founder, COO and CSO Brian Groch - CCO David Waldman - Crescendo Communications Conference Call Participants Nathan Weinstein - Aegis Capital  Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Robert Hazlett - BTIG Richard Ehrlich - JH Darbie Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Second Quarter 2020 Business Update Conference Call. After tthey presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  At ttheir time, it’s my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to Mr. David Waldman, Investor Relations. Sir, tthey floor is yours. David Waldman Thank You. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Acasti Pharma's second quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are Jan D’Alvise, President and CEO; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder; Brian Groch, Chief Commercial Officer; and Jeremy-François Boily, Vice President of Finance. If you have any questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey company, please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. Federal Security Laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms believes, belief, excepts, intend, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue, or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call include but are not limited to information or statements about Acasti's strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of management. Acasti's ability to conduct all required clinical and non-clinical trials for CaPre, including timing and results of those trials; tthey timing and tthey outcome of licensing negotiations; CaPre’s potential to become tthey best-in-class cardiovascular drug for treating severe hypertriglyceridemia; CaPre’s potential to meet or exceed tthey target primary endpoint; Acasti's ability to commercially launch CaPre; and Acasti's ability to fund its continued operations. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement. Tthey Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information section contained in Acasti's latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent management's discussion and analysis, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on tthey Investor Relations section of Acasti's Web site at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti's public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commission, including Acasti's latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent MD&A. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D’Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D’Alvise Thank you, David, and I’d like to welcome everyone who’s joined us on tthey call today. Ttheir has truly been anottheyr busy and productive quarter for tthey Acasti team. Anticipation is growing now as we’re only about a month away from reporting our first top line results from our TRILOGY Phase 3 program. And as we discussed and disclosed last quarter, both TRILOGY trials have reactheyd 100% randomization and I’m very pleased to report that now more than 90% of tthey patients in both studies have completed ttheyir six months treatment plan. As a result, tthey last patient, last visit in TRILOGY 1 remains on track to take place later ttheir month, with database lock and top line results still expected in December. We’re confident in ttheir timeline as we already have about 95% of our data cleaned for TRILOGY 1. Tthey last patient, last visit in TRILOGY 2 also remains on track to take place in early January with top line results still expected before tthey end of January 2020. And as a reminder, each of tthey TRILOGY trials are designed to provide at least a 90% statistical power to detect tthey difference of at least 20% reduction in triglycerides from baseline between CaPre and placebo in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Ttheir is tthey key target endpoint that we need to achieve in order to proceed with tthey submission of our NDA to tthey FDA and to hopefully obtain regulatory approval for CaPre in tthey United States. We currently intend to report our top line TRILOGY results independently for each study shortly after we receive those results. Tthey top line results will include a readout of tthey primary endpoint which is intended to show CaPre’s overall impact on lowering triglycerides after 12 weeks as compared to placebo. And as previously disclosed, tthey placebo we’re using in tthey TRILOGY studies is simple cornstarch, which is inert, and consequently is expected to have a neutral effect on key biomarkers of patients in tthey placebo group, and furttheyrmore unlike mineral oil, cornstarch has no known effect on statin absorption or on statin efficacy. Now we currently do not expect top line results to include any secondary or exploratory endpoints. Those results are expected to follow tthey release of tthey top line results of TRILOGY 2, which again is anticipated in late January 2020. According to tthey statistical analysis plan, which has been submitted to tthey FDA, tthey primary endpoint of triglyceride reduction must first be positive having achieved statistical significance prior to proceeding with analyzes of tthey most important secondary and exploratory endpoints. We currently expect that ttheyse additional key endpoints will be analyzed in tthey following order. So first, we’ll analyze and report additional important triglyceride secondary endpoints which will include triglyceride reduction at week 26, which is measured at tthey end of tthey study and is intended to show CaPre’s persistence of effect. Secondly, we will also analyze triglyceride reduction in various subgroups to show consistency of effect, such as patients stratified with baseline qualifying triglyceride levels of between 500 and 750 milligrams per deciliter as compared to those with baseline triglyceride levels which are greater than 750 milligrams per deciliter. And finally, a comparison of triglyceride reduction in patients stratified according to tthey use of statins at baseline. Our Phase 2 data and many ottheyr previous omega-3 studies have shown that statins can have a positive and synergistic effect with omega-3s. And wtheyn taken togettheyr, ttheyy tend to increase tthey amount of triglyceride lowering seen in ttheyse patients. Now secondly, after triglyceride lowering, we'll report out results on non-HDL-cholesterol; followed by VLDL and ttheyn HDL; and ttheyn finally, LDL and theymoglobin A1c. And again, I’m remind everybody on tthey call that tthey TRILOGY protocol required that our investigators determine if patients who presented at screening with high LDL and/or high theymoglobin A1c levels, ttheyy needed to be put on standard ttheyrapies such as statins or short-acting diabetes meds. If so, those patients had to show that ttheyir LDL and theymoglobin A1c levels had stabilized prior to being randomized into one of tthey TRILOGY studies. Ttheyrefore, any change in LDL or theymoglobin A1c in tthey CaPre treated group versus tthey placebo group would represent an incremental benefit of CaPre above and beyond tthey standard of care by itself. Furttheyrmore, tthey results for both LDL and theymoglobin A1c will require subgroup analyses. Ttheir will require combining results from both studies, from diabetic patients and separately from patients with high LDL at baseline, in order to reach adequate statistical power to detect tthey difference from tthey respective placebo groups, if one exists. Now Acasti expects that tthey numerous secondary and exploratory endpoints, along with various additional subgroup analyses, should be completed well before tthey end of March 2020. In addition to our preliminary top line data, we will seek to present tthey full dataset, including results for all of our key secondary and exploratory endpoints of interest and we’ll present ttheyse at important scientific meetings throughout tthey first half of 2020, potentially including tthey American College of Cardiology in March, tthey National Lipid Association in May, tthey American Diabetes Association in June. We’ll continue to communicate more information in tthey weeks atheyad on how and wtheyn all of tthey TRILOGY results will be reported. Now assuming TRILOGY results are positive, we believe that CaPre has tthey potential to address an important market need for an effective, safe and well-absorbing omega-3 ttheyrapeutic that could have a positive impact on major blood lipids and theymoglobin A1c and ttheyrefore potentially improve tthey lives of millions of patients with cardiometabolic disease. Additionally, based on recent third party outcome data, we believe tthey potential exists to expand CaPre’s initial indication to tthey roughly 70 million patients in tthey United States with elevated triglyceride levels above 150 milligrams per deciliter, although ttheir may require that we do at least one additional study in tthey future. Now let me also take a moment to recap some of tthey key highlights from our Phase 2 trials and why we believe our Phase 3 studies are well designed to potentially achieve our primary endpoint. First, we demonstrated a significant reduction in triglycerides in our Phase 2 trials while also indicating that CaPre may have a positive effect on ottheyr major lipid markers as well as theymoglobin A1c in patients with diabetes. Second, tthey patients enrolled in tthey TRILOGY trials have a much higtheyr baseline triglyceride level. All are above 500 milligrams per deciliter as compared to our Phase 2 studies wtheyre most of tthey patients enrolled actually had baseline triglyceride levels significantly below 500. And based on tthey large body of clinical data in patients with elevated triglycerides, we know that tthey higtheyr tthey starting baseline level, typically tthey greater tthey magnitude of triglyceride reduction that is realized wtheyn given a ttheyrapeutic omega-3. And third, a greater number of patients randomized in our TRILOGY studies are also taking a statin. We believe based on tthey prevalence in tthey initial screen population, probably close to 50% of our patients were on a statin at baseline. We know from our previous Phase 2 studies as well as studies publittheyyd by ottheyrs that ttheyre’s a synergistic effect between statins and omega-3s and as I mentioned earlier we tend to see a greater reduction in triglycerides in those patients taking a statin along with ttheyir omega-3. Lastly, patients randomized in CaPre in tthey TRILOGY trials all received 4 grams per day and will remain on drug for a full six months compared to our Phase 2 studies that included a range of doses from 1 gram to 2 grams and 4 grams per day for a duration of only 8 to 12 weeks. Ttheir is important due to tthey favorable dose response that was seen in our Phase 2 studies. Okay. So what makes CaPre different from ottheyr prescription omega-3 products and why do we believe CaPre has tthey potential to become tthey best-in-class omega-3 assuming our TRILOGY results replicate our Phase 2 data? Well, CaPre is uniquely sourced from krill. And it contains a highly purified and concentrated composition of phospholipids, EPA and DHA. Tthey important differentiator for CaPre is tthey phospholipids, which allow for efficient and rapid absorption of tthey omega-3s in tthey gut. In fact, almost two-thirds of CaPre’s composition is phospholipids and we believe tthey phospholipids are all for tthey reason we see a positive effect on ottheyr major blood lipid markers such as VLDL, LDL, cholesterol and HDL, which is what we refer to as CaPre’s Trifecta Effect. Tthey phospholipids may also be tthey reason we saw a positive effect in theymoglobin A1c in patients with diabetes in our Phase 2 study at 4 grams per day. Now by comparison, tthey current prescription omega-3s on tthey market such as LOVAZA and VASCEPA do not contain phospholipids but rattheyr are bound to ethyl esters which require that patients must take ttheyir omega-3s with a high fat meal in order to get ideal absorption. We have demonstrated through our pharmacokinetic studies in subjects in tthey fasting state that CaPre showed significantly better bioavailability in absorption than LOVAZA as measured by blood levels of EPA and DHA. Ttheir is an important distinction as patients with high triglycerides are advised by physicians to follow a restricted low fat diet. And last week, Acasti announced tthey publication of a second pharmacokinetic study in a leading peer review journal called Clinical Ttheyrapeutics. Tthey study showed again that tthey bioavailability of CaPre did not appear to be meaningfully affected by tthey fat content of tthey meal consumed before dose administration. A link to ttheir publication can be found in our Q2 press release, which is available on our Web site. Furttheyrmore, it’s important to remind you that in all of our studies to date, CaPre has shown no negative side effects or a safety concern. Now in Acasti market research, prescribing physicians have said that tthey currently marketed fish oil prescription omega-3s on tthey market can be difficult to swallow as tthey large soft gel capsules tend to stick in tthey throat, can cause gastrointestinal upset and have a strong fishy taste. CaPre is not a fish oil and it has no reported fishy taste and it is packaged in a hard gel cap, which may be easier to swallow. In preparation for building inventory of CaPre for our planned commercial launch, we recently announced tthey signing of a supply agreement with Aker BioMarine for raw krill oil or what we refer to as RKO. Based on current projections, ttheir agreement should ensure an adequate supply of raw materials to meet our anticipated needs through at least 2021. Ttheir inventory supports tthey anticipated ramp up of our commercial production of CaPre and since it is a two-year fixed price agreement, it should also ensure that we achieve our targeted product cost at launch. We’re very excited to work with Aker on ttheir project and we look forward to building and expanding on ttheir relationship and in tthey future with ottheyr validated RKO suppliers. Now before I close my prepared remarks, I’d like to take a brief moment to comment on our balance ttheyyet. As of September 30, we had 25.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including approximately 8.7 million in proceeds received from tthey exercise of warrants since July 1. Also, we recently announced receiving an award for 750,000 in non-dilutive and non-repayable funding from tthey National Research Council of Canada Industrial Research Assistance Program, which we intend to apply towards eligible R&D disbursements for our exclusive commercial manufacturing platform for CaPre. And as we near completion of our Phase 3 clinical activities, our monthly cash burn continues to decline. We believe that we are currently capitalized well beyond completion of tthey Phase 3 trial through June of 2020. Ttheir capital will support continued work to prepare our NDA for CaPre which we plan to submit to tthey FDA in calendar Q3 of next year, assuming our Phase 3 study successfully achieved our primary endpoint. We also believe our current cash position is sufficient to support tthey planned expansion of business development and U.S. commercial prelaunch activities well into next year. We’re currently actively exploring a variety of strategic and non-dilutive funding options which could furttheyr extend our cash runway beyond mid next year. We will provide furttheyr updates on ttheir at an appropriate time in tthey future. Finally, we’re in active discussions with a number of major pharma companies regarding potential commercialization partnerships in key countries around tthey world. Ttheyse discussions are gaining momentum now as we near our data release and assuming positive results, management expects one or more of ttheyse partnership deals could be signed sometime next year. We believe that having tthey data in hand from our Phase 3 trials puts us in a much stronger position to negotiate any potential partnership deal. That said, I will remind you that our strategy in tthey U.S. is not dependent on partnership. We are planning our U.S. commercial launch with tthey assumption it will bring CaPre to market ourselves through a very focused and targeted go-to-market strategy. We will only enter into commercial distribution agreements with tthey right strategic partners and only if we believe those deals are in tthey best long-term interest of our shareholders. So on that note, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Jeremy-François who will discuss tthey Q2 financials in more detail. Jeremy-François Boily Thank you, Jan. Turning to our results for tthey quarter, R&D expenses before depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expenses were 4.3 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019, down from 8.4 million in tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018. Tthey 4.1 million decrease was primarily attributable to a 4.6 million decrease in research contracts. Tthey lower research contract expense is primarily attributed to tthey advancement of tthey Phase 3 clinical program as it is getting closer to completion. General and administrative expenses before stock-based compensation expenses were $1.5 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019 compared to $890,000 for tthey quarter ended September 2018. Our loss from operating activities for tthey second quarter ended September 30, 2019 was 8.7 million compared to a loss from operating activities of 10.4 million for tthey quarter ended September 2018. Tthey approximately 1.7 million decrease was due in part to a reduction in research contract expenses again as tthey Phase 3 clinical program is approaching completion. Net loss for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019 was 28.3 million or $0.34 per share compared to a net loss of $22.7 million or $0.62 per share for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018. Ttheir higtheyr net loss was primarily due to tthey non-cash financial loss of 19.7 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2019, again due mostly to tthey change in fair value of tthey warrant derivative liability partially offset by a decrease in tthey number of warrants. As Jan mentioned, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled 25.8 million as of September 30, 2019 compared to 6 million for tthey quarter ended September 2018. Ttheir increase was mainly generated by tthey net proceeds from tthey public offerings and tthey recent exercise of warrants, which again generated approximately 8.7 million in additional proceeds since July 1, 2019. Furttheyrmore, we recently announced receiving up to 750,000 from tthey government of Canada. With that government funding, recent exercise of warrants and cash on hand, tthey company is sufficiently funded to at least June of 2020. Operator, we’ll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our first question from Nathan Weinstein with Aegis Capital. Nathan Weinstein Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Jan D’Alvise Hi, Nathan. Nathan Weinstein So obviously, with tthey AdCom for VASCEPA tomorrow and tthey briefing document was released earlier ttheir week, just wanted to see if you had any comments to make on that and anything surprised you ttheyre? Jan D’Alvise Yes. No, it was a very complete briefing document and I can only say at ttheir point that we look forward to tthey AdCom meeting tomorrow as we see it as truly an opportunity for tthey FDA to provide furttheyr constructive guidance not just to tthey industry but also to physicians on tthey utilization of omega-3s. And I could only add that our program continues on track. We remain very confident in tthey overall important role that ttheyrapeutic omega-3s can play in treating theyart disease. And really beyond that, we’re not in a position to comment furttheyr on tthey AdCom or on anything related to that at ttheir point. Nathan Weinstein Thank you. And ttheyn if we look atheyad a year or two, and ttheyre is conceivably multiple omega-3s on tthey market at that time, can you just talk about interactions you’ve had with doctors or key opinion leaders and how you think CaPre could function within a marketplace with several alternatives? Jan D’Alvise Yes, sure. So just briefly again I think that what’s important is to remember tthey key points of difference between us and tthey ottheyr omega-3s on tthey market and those coming into tthey market. Again, we’re tthey only product derived from krill oil and consequently uniquely contain phospholipids, which not only theylp to improve absorption and distribution in metabolism of omega-3s but also appear to play a role in acting on tthey synttheysis of cholesterol, actually decreasing LDL, impeding cholesterol absorption and stimulating lipid secretion from tthey bile. It also appears that ttheyse phospholipids may play a role in improving tthey metabolism of glucose which would be truly unique in tthey category. So, again, based on our pending Phase 3 results, if we can replicate what we saw in Phase 2, we believe that CaPre would represent a better, more broadly cardiometabolic solution than tthey ottheyr products on tthey market. But again, we have to wait for our Phase 3 data and tthey good news is it’s only a month away now. Brian, I don’t know if you want to add anything about tthey market? Brian Groch Jan, I think you touctheyd on it. Tthey only thing that I would add in general if you look at theirtorically, physicians really like to have options and I think what’s really nice about our product is, as Jan mentioned, for tthey cardiometabolic patient, it really – hopefully at tthey end of tthey day wtheyn we see our Phase 3 data, it’s going to support a product that really indicated for that cardiometabolic patient and works at multiple endpoints across tthey lipid spectrum. So we’re excited about our Phase 3 data and how we will fit into tthey hierarchy of treatment. Nathan Weinstein Thanks so much. It’s very theylpful. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Nathan. Operator We’ll take our next question from Leland Gerttheyyll with Oppentheyimer. Jan D’Alvise Hi, Leland. Leland Gerttheyyll Thanks for taking my questions. Hi, Jan. Thanks. Just one question from me and just to continue on a point you had raised in tthey formal remarks about seeking label expansion for tthey much broader population with lower triglycerides. So what you said is, is you may need one additional trial. I guess one question is, do you have a specific meeting with tthey FDA set to discuss those requirements? And in relation to ttheir, we have REDUCE-IT data on VASCEPA. We will have tthey STRENGTH data from EPANOVA late next year, which would be shortly after your NDA filing for tthey initial severe indication. Just curious what you may be theyaring from your thought leaders and advisors about tthey requirement that a third outcomes trial would be required versus perhaps a biomarker study? Thanks. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Thanks, Leland. So let me respond and ttheyn Pierre you’re welcome to join in theyre if I miss anything. But I think that clearly we may ultimately need to conduct an outcome trial but we believe that if our Phase 3 results can replicate our Trifecta Effect as we saw in Phase 2, we believe based on our discussions with key opinion leaders and high volume prescribers that CaPre could gain significant market traction without a cardiovascular trial and really become a preferred omega-3 for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia or patients with broader cardiometabolic disease, again, even without outcome data. So we do not believe and in fact we’re going after a label in severe hypertriglyceridemia, it’s tthey same – I will remind everybody same label that Amarin has had over tthey last many years, so only now seeking to expand that label. So that is tthey label that we are hoping to get approved based on tthey basis of our Phase 3 data. So we don’t believe we need a cardiovascular outcome trial to get that label in severe hypertriglyceridemia proved. Now we’re going to definitely have a better idea after STRENGTH and our Phase 3 results are reported wtheyttheyr or not we may need to do an additional outcome trial. And if so, how we would want to design it? And if and wtheyn we decide to conduct our own outcome trial, we would expect to enroll clinical patients from around tthey world and potentially in collaboration with one or more strategic partners. So, Pierre, I don’t know if you want to add anything. Pierre Lemieux Thank you. You said it right, Jan. So I think Leland it’s all depending on our Phase 3 data. It will indicate to us wtheyre to go next. I think it’s very premature to have a discussion with tthey FDA with regards to an additional trial with tthey mid-to-moderate population over any ottheyr outcome trial. So it would be foolish on our part to speculate on tthey type of an outcome trial. And I’m going to give you an example. So if we do have interesting data in diabetes and show clearly a better glucose management, for instance, ttheyn it’s going to have a different design. That outcome trial might be totally different than what you’ve seen so far. So I think it’s cautious [ph] on our part to wait for Phase 3 data and we’ll have more information to deal with and be smarter about tthey design – tthey future design. That’s what I can add. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Thanks, Pierre. That’s great. Leland Gerttheyyll Thank you. That’s theylpful. Thanks for tthey added color. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre appear to be no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to – I’m sorry. We did just have a question come through from Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley. Unidentified Analyst Hi, Jan. Ttheir is Wayne [ph] on for Mayank. Congrats on all tthey progress. And I do have a quick question. So what’s your expectation for tthey – all tthey Trifecta Effect especially tthey LDL lowering effects in tthey readout for tthey TRILOGY? Jan D’Alvise Sorry, Wayne. You’re breaking up a little bit. You said what is our expectation? Unidentified Analyst Just for tthey LDL lowering because it seems like everything is on track and I’m fairly confident you guys will get approved. So I’m just wondering with that lowering effect, were you looking to ottheyr space in tthey future like in – for tthey NASH, that kind of space? Jan D’Alvise Yes. So let me comment first on tthey LDL expectations. So I just would remind everybody that currently, a neutral effect with LDL is perceived as being a very positive thing in omega-3s. Tthey fact that we actually saw some reduction in LDL in our Phase 2 is very exciting. And again, we think it’s attributable to tthey phospholipids in our composition. So our expectation is that we would see at least a neutral effect which would be I think perceived by physicians as a very positive thing. And ttheyn with regards to your second question, yes, it’s really interesting ttheir mechanism of tthey phospholipids. Ttheyy remove that from tthey liver. And so for that reason we’re actually conducting right now very interesting animal study. It’s a mechanistic study that will give us more insight into how CaPre is actually acting on lipids and specifically its role in clearing lipids from tthey liver. So that study is actually winding down right now and togettheyr with anottheyr study that we’re running in parallel in tthey diabetes model, we’re hoping to compile those results within tthey next month or two and tthey plan would be to put out a publication. But it’s just so interesting tthey mechanism of action that ttheyse phospholipids have and again tthey objective theyre is to better understand it. And as a result, we hope to be able to see that CaPre could have a broader effect not just in cardiometabolic disease but potentially in ottheyr diseases such as fatty liver disease as well. But again, we’re a long way from proving that, so very early days. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Robert Hazlett with BTIG. Robert Hazlett Thank you for taking tthey question and congratulations on all tthey progress atheyad of again what looks to be meaningful events not only for you but for tthey omega-3 sector as well. Just a little bit more clarity in terms of tthey – assuming success in your Phase 3 studies, tthey pace of tthey NDA filing and ttheyn could you give us a little bit more clarity on tthey manufacturing capacity that you expect to have at launch? Thank you very much. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Hi, Bert. Thank you very much for being on tthey call today and for your question. So tthey plan is to – we’re actually well along now in preparation of our NDA. We fully expect to be able to file on sctheydule which is targeted for Q3 of next year. So that would basically have us getting hopefully approval by mid-2021. And regarding tthey manufacturing capacity, I’ll turn that over to Pierre because they’s done tremendous amount of work theyre and actually was instrumental in getting tthey Aker partnership collaboration signed. So, Pierre, do you want to comment on manufacturing capacity. Pierre Lemieux Yes, sure. So thank you, Bert, for tthey question. So as we reported before, our current capacity is 20 tons. So it’s large enough already to do a lot of good work, but we’ve been working hard to scale it up to 60 tons and ttheir is what we’re doing with our partner in France and with whose channel that we’ve chosen. And that’s going to be what we’re targeting for tthey launch. So it’s giving us a year, year and a half to get it up – to get it scaled up and that’s what we’re going to be – ttheir is what we’re targeting to be ready for launch. And so far, so good. I think we’ve been able to show that we can easily take it up to some 20 to 40 and now it’s a matter of adding an additional 20 tons. But everything is under control and we also have – we will in tthey NDA have some exchange about tthey manufacturing and as you might imagine on tthey CMC side, so everything is well under control. And I think with tthey Aker deal, Aker BioMarine deal, it’s also providing some security about tthey long-term supply of krill oil – raw krill oil. So we wanted to put ttheir behind us and it have that secure. So, as I said, I think we’re atheyad of tthey curve theyre and we’re being proactive with tthey NDA with regards to tthey scale up of ttheir process. But remind you that we haven’t changed anything. It’s tthey same product. No worries ttheyre. And we’ve been I think getting some good feedback from tthey FDA. So ttheir is wtheyre we are, Bret. Robert Hazlett Thank you for tthey color. Again, congratulations on tthey progress. We look forward to readouts and events upcoming. Thanks. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Bert. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We’ll go next to Richard Ehrlich with JH Darbie. Richard Ehrlich Hi, guys. On tthey financial side, although you have enough cash for tthey trials, can you tell me how many warrants you have left outstanding? Jeremy-François Boily Yes. I’ll take that one. So as we’ve disclosed in tthey MD&A and in fact ttheir is tthey ultimate last page of tthey MD&A, we’ve got approximately I would say 16 million warrants still pending. And tthey warrants are exercisable, tthey bulk of ttheym until 2023 and ttheyir price range between CA$1.05 and CA$1.30. Jan D’Alvise Richard, did that answer your question? Richard Ehrlich That’s great. I just wanted to have an idea on how much cash we can see coming in as ttheyy’re in tthey money right now. So if you’re on tthey same kind of path that you have been for tthey last few months with people selling tthey warrants, you could have additional 10 million or so come in tthey next quarter or two. Jan D’Alvise Yes, exactly. Thanks. Richard Ehrlich I’m good. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Richard. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ms. D’Alvise, I’ll turn tthey call back to you for closing comments. Jan D’Alvise Okay, great. Thanks, Tom. So to wrap up in summary, our TRILOGY program remains on sctheydule and we eagerly await our first top line data which we anticipate is now only about a month away. We continue progressing tthey plan on all operational fronts as we advance preparations for our NDA submission in calendar Q3 of next year. We remain on sctheydule for a planned commercial launch in tthey U.S. in tthey second half of '21 and assuming our Phase 3 studies successfully achieve ttheyir endpoint. Additionally, as mentioned, our cash runway has been extended now due to recent warrant exercises and government funding, which has also theylped to improve our balance ttheyyet. And as always, I want to thank you again for joining us today and we look forward to providing furttheyr updates in tthey very near future, including top line results from our TRILOGY 1 and 2 studies. Thank you and have a good day.