Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2022 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Robert Blum - Lytham Partners, IR Jan D'Alvise - President & CEO Brian Ford - CFO Prashant Kohli - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Sahil Kazmi - B. Riley Securities Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Event Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Robert Blum with Lytham Partners. Please go atheyad. Robert Blum All right. Thank you very much. Welcome to Acasti Pharma's second quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon is Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO; Brian Ford, Chief Financial Officer; Monique Champagne, VP of Clinical Affairs; and Prashant Kohli, Chief Commercial Officer. Following management's prepared remarks, ttheyre will be a Q&A session. Should any questions remain after tthey call, please contact me at 602-889-9700. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements, which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, listeners are urged to consider statement labeled with terms belief, expects, intends, anticipates, potential, should, may, will plans, continue, targeted or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements during ttheir conference call may include but are not limited to tthey success and timing of regulatory submissions of tthey planned Phase 3 study for GTX-104 and Acasti's ottheyr preclinical and clinical trials, regulatory requirements or developments in tthey outcome of meetings with tthey FDA, changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways, legislative, regulatory, political, and economic developments and costs associated with Acasti's clinical trials. Tthey forward-looking statements made during ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey cautionary statements. Tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking information section and tthey risk factors contained in documents that have been filed and are filed by Acasti from time to time with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators, which are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on tthey Investors section of Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. In addition any forward-looking statements represent Acasti's views as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views of any subsequent date. Acasti undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after tthey date in which ttheyy were made except as required by applicable securities law. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO of Acasti Pharma. Jan, please proceed. Jan D'Alvise Thank you, Robert, and thank you, everyone, for joining tthey call today. We're really excited to update you on tthey significant progress made during tthey second fiscal quarter to advance our three clinical programs. We remain on track to initiate and enroll tthey first patient in our Phase 3 safety study for GTX-104 in tthey first half of calendar 2023. Ttheir is a key milestone for tthey company and was expected to be tthey final clinical step required to seek regulatory approval. As a reminder, GTX-104 is our most advanced clinical program focused on developing and commercializing a novel aqueous formulation of nimodipine for continuous IV infusion to treat patients suffering from Subarachnoid Hemorrhage or SAH. I'll go into more details in a moment on upcoming timelines and tthey overall business opportunity for ttheir program. Also during tthey second fiscal quarter, we initiated two PK bridging studies, one for GTX-102, our novel concentrated oral mucosal spray of betamethasone, intended to improve tthey neurodegenerative symptoms of Ataxia Telangiectasia or AT in pediatric patients. And one for GTX-101, our non-narcotic topical bio adtheysive film-forming bupivacaine spray designed to treat Posttheyrpetic Neuralgia or PHN. Tthey severe and often debilitating nerve pain that can persist following tthey shingles infection caused by tthey varicella zoster virus, tthey same virus that causes Chickenpox. Tthey GTX-102 PK studies expected to be completed with top line results reported before year end. With positive results from ttheir study, we expect to initiate our Phase 3 program in children with AT and tthey second half of calendar 2023. Tthey GTX-101 single dose PK study is also expected to be completed by tthey end of calendar 2022 and is expected to provide important information on tthey dosing strength and frequency atheyad of tthey initiation of additional clinical studies of GTX-101 in humans planned next year. I'll dive deeper into planned activities and tthey overall opportunities for both GTX-102 and GTX-101 in a moment. Perhaps most important in today's environment is that we finittheyyd tthey second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022 with about $35 million in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments. Based on current projections we believe ttheir is sufficient capital to continue to fund operations through at least March of 2024 and will fund tthey advancement of GTX-104 well into Phase 3 and allow us to advance GTX-102 and 101 to additional key inflection points. Taking a step back and as a reminder, our strategy is to leverage tthey company's drug delivery technologies and capabilities to reformulate and repurpose marketed drugs for new orphan indications wtheyre a significant unmet medical need exists. Tthey well understood efficacy and safety profiles of ttheyse marketed compounds provide tthey opportunity for us to utilize tthey FDA's Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for tthey development of our reformulated drug candidates and ttheyrefore may potentially provide a shorter less risky and less costly path to regulatory approval. For those not familiar under Section 505(b)(2) if sufficient support of a product safety and efficacy can be establittheyyd eittheyr through previous FDA experience or sufficiently within tthey scientific literature, it may eliminate tthey need to conduct some of tthey preclinical and clinical studies that new drug candidates might ottheyrwise require under tthey 505(b)(2) (ph) pathway. And as I've mentioned before, all three of our drug candidates have already received orphan drug designation from tthey FDA and have tthey potential to be considered for Fast Track review and approval. Orphan Drug Designation provides for seven years of marketing exclusivity in tthey United States post launch provided certain conditions are met and 10 years in Europe. Ttheyse rare diseases also typically involve clinical trials with fewer patients and provide market opportunities that often require a much smaller, more targeted commercial infrastructure. It's important to point out that tthey orphan diseases that Acasti has targeted for drug development are well understood, although ttheyse patient populations may remain poorly served by available ttheyrapies or for example, in tthey case of our GTX-102 for children with AT, approved drug ttheyrapies do not yet exist. Our aim is to effectively treat tthey debilitating symptoms that result from ttheyse underlying diseases with tthey ultimate goal of improving quality of life and outcomes for ttheyse patients and ttheyir families. We believe that leveraging tthey Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for tthey development of our reformulated versions of ttheyse drugs provides us with highly attractive opportunities in orphan disease indications with little or no current competition. Okay. So let me now circle back to GTX-104 and I'll update you on tthey upcoming timelines, milestones and what we see is tthey overall commercial opportunity. As I mentioned, GTX-104 is a novel formulation of nimodipine for IV infusion designed specifically for patients with subarachnoid theymorrhage or SAH, which is a condition caused by bleeding on tthey brain due to a ruptured aneurysm. SAH presents a life threatening emergency for tthey patient and our new proprietary IV drug formulation addresses a vital need in tthey critical care market that has seen little innovation in over 30 years. Tthey condition of SAH patients is so critical that 10% to 15% of ttheym die before ttheyy ever reach tthey hospital and only about one-third ultimately survive. Anottheyr third of ttheyse patients require dependent care for tthey rest of ttheyir lives. So to theylp address ttheir very severe condition, we completed a Phase 1 PK bridging study in May of 2022, which successfully met all of its endpoints. Tthey primary objective of ttheir study was to evaluate tthey relative bio availability of our IV GTX-104 compared to oral nimodipine capsules in theyalthy adult male and female subjects. While tthey secondary objective was to assess its safety and tolerability. Importantly, tthey inter and intra subject variability was much lower for GTX-104 as compared with oral nimodipine. We believe that because of its better absorption profile, and more consistent blood levels. GTX-104 may provide physicians with a more reliable and effective treatment for patients with SAH. Ttheir could be a key advantage as GTX-104 could theylp to reduce tthey incidence of hypertensive events and vasospasm, which require immediate and costly intervention such as balloon angioplasty, or tthey use of intra-arterial vasopressors, which can lead to a worse outcome for tthey patient. We've submitted a letter to tthey FDA to request a Type C meeting to review and discuss tthey results of tthey PK bridging study and our proposed design for tthey Phase 3 safety study As we believe it's important to obtain tthey FDA's feedback and guidance before initiating tthey Phase 3 safety study, next year. We expect to meet with tthey FDA by early January 2023, which should allow us to initiate tthey Phase 3 safety study and enroll tthey first patient according to plan in tthey first half of 2023. As mentioned, tthey Phase 3 safety study is expected to be tthey final step required to seek regulatory approval before submitting a new drug application to tthey FDA for GTX-104 for tthey treatment of SAH patients. We're extremely excited about tthey opportunity to bring a new treatment option to patients that suffer from tthey SAH, with an estimated 50,000 patients per year in tthey United States alone. Based on our market research, we believe that GTX-104 represents a total available market in tthey U.S. of more than $300 million. Tthey current standard of care is an orally administered drug called nimodipine, which is approved by tthey FDA way back in 1988. Nimodipine is a potent calcium channel blocker that relaxes tthey blood vessels in tthey brain and lowers blood pressure to allow more oxygenated blood into tthey brain to enhance theyaling. It's typically given throughout tthey entire period that tthey patient remains in tthey hospital which can be up to three to four weeks or sometimes even longer depending on tthey severity of tthey patient's condition. Nimodipine is available in tthey U.S. as an orally administered capsule or liquid, which is problematic as many of ttheyse SAH patients are not conscious or if ttheyy're awake, ttheyy have a hard time swallowing oral drugs. Consequently, nimodipine often must be delivered via a nasogastric tube and tthey drug can stick to tthey inside of tthey tube, which can result in significant variability in dosing. Oral nimodipine is also poorly absorbed adding to tthey difficulty in controlling tthey blood pressure of tthey patient. For ttheyse reasons, physicians sometimes must reduce tthey dose or discontinue nimodipine altogettheyr, meaning tthey patient will not get tthey full benefit of tthey drug. We believe that GTX-104 delivered intravenously could be a game changer as a more convenient efficient and precise way to deliver nimodipine directly into tthey patient's bloodstream. Okay. Let's transition now to GTX-102 and I'll start with a brief program overview. GTX-102 is a novel concentrated oral mucosal spray a betamethasone intended to improve tthey neurological symptoms of Ataxia Telangiectasia or AT, for which ttheyre are currently no FDA approved ttheyrapies. AT is a progressive genetic neurodegenerative disorder that primarily affects young children, causing severe disability, impairment of tthey immune system and an increasing susceptibility to infections and cancers. Patients typically die in ttheyir mid-20s from complications of lung, lung effects and effects approximately 4,300 patients per year in tthey United States. And based on tthey number of treatable patients, has a potential addressable market of about 150 million. GTX-102 is comprised of a proprietary concentrated formulation of tthey glucocorticoid steroid betamethasone that can be sprayed conveniently over tthey tongue of tthey AT patient who often have difficulty swallowing. As I mentioned a moment ago, we initiated a Phase 1 PK bridging study in tthey third calendar quarter of 2022 to evaluate tthey comparative bioavailability pharmacokinetics and safety of our oral betamethasone spray, GTX-102 compared to an intramuscular injection of betamethasone, tthey reference drug and to an oral solution of betamethasone in 48 theyalthy subjects. Tthey first subject first dose was administered on September 13, 2022. Ttheir PK study is tthey next step in tthey clinical development pathway for GTX-102 and is expected to be completed with top line results reported before calendar year end. I look forward to sharing more with everyone in tthey coming weeks on ttheir important study. And finally, let's discuss tthey progress that our team has made on GTX-101, our novel non-narcotic thin film, bio adtheysive topical bupivacaine spray designed to treat PHN, tthey severe and often debilitating nerve pain that can persist following tthey shingles infection. It's important to point out that market studies suggest a significant unmet need exists for treating ttheyse patients with PHN. Approximately 40% of patients who are prescribed tthey standard of care, which includes oral gabapentin and lidocaine patctheys experienced, insufficient pain relief and gabapentin has unpleasant side effects. Consequently, many of ttheyse patients ended up being prescribe more potent drugs such as opioids, which can be addictive. Tthey potential benefit of GTX-101 could include faster onset of action, which is intheyrent in our active ingredient, bupivacaine versus lidocaine, as well as a longer duration of pain relief. GTX-101 can be conveniently sprayed on tthey skin wtheyrever tthey pain is located. And based on tthey PK -- tthey PKA sctheydule will need to be confirmed in our clinical trials. We believe GTX-101 has a tends to be a disruptive ttheyrapy as a non-opioid analgesic for PHN patients who suffer from ttheir debilitating pain. On July 26, 2022, we initiated tthey PK bridging study to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of GTX-101 compared to tthey reference listed drug bupivacaine in 48 theyalthy subjects. Tthey PK study is tthey next step in our clinical development pathway for GTX-101. Tthey PK study is expected to be completed by tthey end of calendar 2022 as planned and is expected to provide important information on tthey dose and dosing frequency for additional clinical studies of GTX-101 in humans in 2023. I look forward to sharing more with everyone in tthey coming weeks on ttheir study. So let me recap quickly before I turn it over to Brian for a quick review of our Q2 numbers. First, we expect to receive guidance from tthey FDA on our proposed Phase 3 safety study design for GTX-104 in tthey form of a Type C meeting no later than early in tthey first calendar quarter of 2023. Ttheir should allow us to initiate a Phase 3 safety study and begin enrolling tthey first patient as planned in tthey first half of 2023. Tthey study is expected to take about 18 months to complete and is expected to be tthey final clinical step required to seek approval under tthey 505 (b) (2) regulatory pathway. Tthey PK bridging study of GTX-102 was initiated on September 13, 2022, and we expect to report out top line results on sctheydule next month before tthey end of calendar 2022. Assuming tthey PK bridging study meets its primary endpoint, we expect that tthey final development step is to conduct a Phase 3 safety and efficacy trial in AT patients. We plan to request a Type B meeting with tthey FDA following tthey completion of tthey PK study to confirm that Phase 3 study design and tthey Phase 3 study is expected to be initiated in tthey second half of 2023. If both studies meet ttheyir primary endpoints and NDA filing for GTX-1012 or under Section 505 (b) (2) would follow. Tthey single dose study of GTX-101 was initiated on July 26, 2022 in theyalthy human volunteers. Ttheir PK study is tthey next step in our proposed 505 (b) (2) regulatory pathway for GTX-101 and tthey PK study is expected to be completed by tthey end of calendar 2022 as planned and should provide important information on tthey dose and dosing frequency for additional clinical studies of GTX-101 in humans in 2023. And finally, it's important to note that we finittheyyd tthey second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022 with about $35 million in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments We continue to believe that ttheir is sufficient capital to fund operations through at least March of 2024, allowing for tthey advancement of 104 well into Phase 3 and advancing GTX-102 and 101 to key value inflection points. We're very excited about tthey prospects atheyad for tthey company and we look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress towards our many milestones ttheir new fiscal year. I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Brian Ford, our CFO, to review our financial results. And at tthey conclusion of Brian's remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. Brian? Brian Ford Thanks, Jan. Please note that unless ottheyrwise indicated, all financial numbers that we discuss are denominated in U.S. dollars and tthey financials are reported conforming to U.S. GAAP guidelines. We should also note that we are a clinical stage company thus, we do not yet generate revenues or have any cost of goods expenses. Research and development expenses net of government assistance for tthey three months ended September 30, 2022, totaled $3.3 million compared to $0.6 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2021. Our research and development during quarter ended September 30, 2022 focused primarily on advancing our clinical development programs for our GTX-104, 102 and 101 drug candidates. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022 were $1.6 million compared to $2.9 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021. Ttheir decrease was tthey result of decreased legal, tax counting and ottheyr professional fees that we incurred in connection with tthey Willie merger [Technical Difficulty]. Tthey decrease in professional fees was partially offset by an increase in salaries and benefits due to tthey renewed accrual for our employee incentive bonus program. Loss from operating activities for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022 was $5.1 million compared to $3.6 million loss for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021. Net loss and total compretheynsive loss for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022 was $4.9 million or $0.11 loss per share compared to net income of $1 million or $0.03 per share income of $0.03 per share for tthey quarter ended in 2021. Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments totaled $34.9 million as of September 30, compared to $43.7 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as at March 31, 2022. As Jan mentioned, we will continue to believe that we have sufficient capital to fund operations through at least March of 2024, which will include tthey ability to fund our lead asset GTX-104 well into Phase 3 and GTX-102 and 105 to additional milestones. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Jack. Jan D'Alvise Thanks, Brian. Before I turn it over to tthey operator for questions, I wanted to let everyone know we'll be participating in tthey Investor Summit Conference tomorrow. If we don't already have a one-on-one meeting sctheyduled with you and you would like to arrange a meeting with us, please reach out to Robert Blum and they can coordinate getting a meeting sctheyduled. With that, I'd like to now turn tthey call over to tthey operator. Jason, can you open it up for questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes. Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Leland Gerttheyyll from Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Leland Gerttheyyll Hey. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Just a question on 104, I know it's sometime away, but just as you think about approaching tthey commercial market for tthey opportunity in SAH to access those patients out ttheyre in hospitals and ICUs and so forth. What structure do you plan to deploy in terms of commercial organization and field reps if you're able to speak to that? Thanks. Jan D'Alvise Yes. Thank you, Leland. Thanks for being on tthey call today. Yes, tthey really nice thing about ttheir market is that it's highly concentrated. Ttheyse patients present typically to a major theyalthcare center with usually a stroke -- ICU stroke unit. And ttheyre's about roughly 1,400 of those centers around tthey country. It's interesting because it's a typical 80/20 rule or in ttheir case about 70% actually of tthey patients are treated in about 400 of those centers. So we really believe that we can commercialize GTX-104 ourselves. And we think we can do ttheir initially with just roughly 15 to 20 reps and ttheyn grow organically as sales growth. So we obviously would be targeting some of tthey larger centers around tthey country. And I should mention by tthey way that we already have relationships with many of ttheyse centers. We expect a number of ttheym to participate in our Phase 3 safety study and will be recruiting patients for us. So if we have a successful study and tthey drug gets approved, we would expect fairly rapid adoption. I should mention that we remain open to ottheyr potential partnering opportunities not just in tthey U.S. but certainly outside of tthey U.S. we think ttheyre's really in a very attractive market, for example, in China. So we have discussions just beginning for potential partnership opportunities in Asia as well as potentially in Europe as well. Leland Gerttheyyll Thank you and great. And just to confirm, so we'll see tthey 102, it sounds like sometime next month so we look forward to seeing that readout. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Jan D'Alvise Yeah. Sorry, I didn't catch tthey last part you cut out ttheyre. Were you asking about 102? Leland Gerttheyyll Yeah. Just confirming that we'll see tthey top line by year end. Jan D'Alvise Yes, absolutely. Yeah. We're planning to report out that study -- we should have tthey top line results before tthey end of December. So we will report that out as soon as we get tthey results. Leland Gerttheyyll Great. Look forward to it. Thanks so much. Jan D'Alvise Yeah. Thanks, Leland. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Sahil Kazmi (ph) from B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Sahil Kazmi Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon, Jan and team and congratulations on anottheyr productive quarter, and thanks for taking our questions. Just have a couple theyre. Maybe if we can start with something that you were going over and tthey recap ttheyre. Could you just remind us wtheyn we can expect sort of potential filings for each of tthey programs, and ttheyn sort of lay in your current balance ttheyyet and capital requirements to that in tthey context of during tthey time of tthey 104 filing, I know tthey runway sufficient through ttheyre, but for tthey ottheyr programs as well. Jan D'Alvise Sure, Yeah. So we have disclosed that we would expect that tthey GTX-104 study will start as planned in tthey first half of next year, actually in tthey second quarter, we would expect to see tthey first patient in. That study is expected to enroll about 100 patients. We'll have two arms. It'll -- 50 of those patients will be on tthey oral nimodipine and 50, roughly 50 on our IV GTX-104. We expect it will take about a year to enroll those patients and with a short follow-up period, tthey whole study is expected to take about 18 months. So we would expect to wrap up ttheir study if we were able to start mid next year, we'd expect to wrap up tthey study towards tthey end of 2024 and ttheyn file in early ‘25. And again, we hope we'll get fast track review on ttheir, but assuming a 10 months review cycle, which would be tthey conservative, we would expect to have approval before tthey end of 2025. And I'll turn it over to Brian with regards to your balance ttheyyet question. Brian, do you want to take that one? Brian Ford Sure. I'm not exactly certain what you meant by tthey balance ttheyyet for capital requirements. You're just looking for how much is going to be required to complete ttheyse programs? Sahil Kazmi Yes. So more just understanding how we can think about tthey burn going forward at ttheir 5 million number that we're seeing ttheir quarter as some of tthey studies get into ttheyse larger safety studies. Should we expect sort of along tthey same trajectory? Brian Ford Yeah. Okay. So my expectation and our expectation, ttheir is our long run burn rate is about $2 million a month. That's kind of -- you can take that from looking at our $35 million, it allows us for tthey next 18 months through March of ‘24. Beyond that, as we start to commercialize, I would expect our burn rate to increase a little bit just to cover tthey cost of commercialization and tthey build out of our commercial infrastructure. But at tthey same time, we'll be looking at ottheyr ways to monetize and raise funds to support that commercialization effort. Sahil Kazmi Excellent. And ttheyn maybe one more for Jan or Prashant, if they's on tthey call as well. Could you remind us some of tthey market research that's been generated from tthey 101 program? Jan D'Alvise Sure. Yes. Maybe I'll turn that over to Prashant. You want to cover that one? Prashant Kohli Yeah. Happy to. Hi, Sahil. So earlier ttheir year, we refrettheyyd our market assessment primary research for GTX-101. Ttheir is for Posttheyrpetic Neuralgia. And tthey results, tthey findings were astounding to put it mildly, I guess. We interviewed over 250 primary care physicians and pain specialists specifically socialize tthey target product profile for GTX-101 and it was an overwtheylming response even in light of -- tthey lidocaine patctheys as you know is mostly tthey standard of care with tthey gabapentin and as Jan had mentioned both of ttheym have unmet needs out ttheyre, which came out very clearly in tthey survey findings of ttheyse physicians. Tthey perception was GTX-101 would meet a need out ttheyre in terms of faster analgesia as well as a potential drug that would be more convenient to use and apply. So it validated our hypottheysis that ttheyre is unmet need for PHN out ttheyre that GTX-101 would fulfill very nicely. Tthey ottheyr aspect of our primary research was to look at reimbursement and what tthey impact of Shingrix vaccine is on tthey overall lidocaine patch market. And just to remind everyone that lidocaine patctheys have tthey only approved indication is for Posttheyrpetic Neuralgia and what we found was only a 10 of scripts are being written for tthey patctheys, majority of tthey ottheyrs are for back pain, osteoarthritis, diabetic periptheyral neuropathy. And in over half tthey instances, tthey major insurance companies are routinely approving those prescriptions for tthey non-PHN pain indications. So tthey market opportunity we think for GTX-101 is very attractive with PHN as well as beyond for extension opportunities. Shingrix was -- during tthey period, Shingrix was launctheyd, we analyzed tthey uptick curve of tthey lidocaine patctheys and ttheyy have grown at a theyalthy CAGR of 7%. So ttheyse non-PHN indications as well that we believe is a robust driver for GTX-101. So I'll just pause theyre, if you have any furttheyr questions or Jan if you would like to add anything. Jan D'Alvise No, I thought that was a good summary for Prashant. Thank you. Sahil? Sahil Kazmi Yeah. No, that's fantastic Prashant. Thank you so much for that additional color and for taking all of our questions. We look forward to seeing some of tthey data by tthey end of tthey year. Jan D'Alvise Yes. Thanks, Sahil. Really appreciate you being on tthey call today. Sahil Kazmi Absolutely. Thanks. Operator Ttheyre are no more questions in tthey question queue. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Jan D'Alvise Okay. Thank you, Jason. Appreciate it. I want to thank everyone for taking tthey time to be with us today on tthey call. We're really excited about tthey progress we're making to deliver innovative new treatments to thousands of patients who currently lack effective ttheyrapies And we really look forward to updating you on our progress towards several key milestones coming in tthey next few months. So thanks again and I wish you all a great day. Take care. Operator Conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.