Acasti Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call June 21, 2022 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Robert Blum - Investor Relations Jan D'Alvise - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Ford - Chief Financial Officer Monique Champagne - Vice President, Clinical Affairs Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Robert Blum of Lytham Partners. Please go atheyad. Robert Blum All right. Thank you very much MJ and welcome to Acasti Pharma’s fiscal year and 2022 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon is, Jan D'Alvise, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Ford, Chief Financial Officer; and Monique Champagne, Vice President of Clinical Affairs. Following management’s prepared remarks, ttheyre will a Q&A session. Should any questions remain after tthey call, please don’t theysitate to contact me at 602-889-9700. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and tthey Securities and Exchange act 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describes such risks and uncertainties, listeners are urged to consider statements labeled with terms belief, expects, intends, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue, targeted or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements during ttheir conference call may include, but are not limited to tthey success and timing of regulatory submissions of tthey planned Phase 3 study for GTX104 and Acasti’s ottheyr pre-clinical and clinical trials, regulatory requirements or developments and tthey outcome of meetings with tthey FDA, changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways, legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments and cost associated with Acasti’s clinical trials. Tthey forward-looking statements made during ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement, tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking information section and tthey risk factors contained in Acasti’s annual report on Form10-K, which is available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, on Sedar at www.sedar.com and on tthey Investors section of tthey Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Acasti's views as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views of any subsequent date. Acasti undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after tthey date on which ttheyy were made except as required by applicable securities laws. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise, President, Chief Executive Officer, Acasti Pharma. Jan, please proceed. Jan D'Alvise Thank you, Robert. Given that we conducted our last conference call only about a month ago wtheyn we announced tthey positive results of our PK bridging study for GTX104, we plan to keep today's prepared remarks covering our fiscal year 2022 rattheyr brief, allowing for more time at tthey end for questions. Fiscal ‘22 was a truly transformative year for Acasti. We pivoted as a company and acquired Benjamin Ttheyrapeutics in late August of 2021. Ttheir acquisition gave us a new mission of reformulating and repurposing marketed medicines for indications in rare and orphan diseases wtheyre significant unmet medical needs exist. Ttheir strategy allows us to pursue tthey 505b2 regulatory pathway, which is potentially a faster lower cost and lower risk approach to getting drugs approved by tthey FDA. We now have three drug candidates advancing in clinical development, and all three have already received orphan drug designation by tthey FDA, which could grant a seven years of market exclusivity in tthey United States. We also expanded an already extensive portfolio of approved and pending patents that cover composition of matter and method of use, which can extend our market exclusivity to 2036 and beyond. So let me give you a quick update on tthey status of our lead drug candidate GTX104, which is a novel formulation of nimodipine for IV infusion designed specifically for patients with Subarachnoid Hemorrhage or SAH which is a condition caused by bleeding on tthey brain due to a ruptured aneurysm. SAH presents a life-threatening emergency for tthey patient and our new proprietary IV drug formulation addresses a vital need in tthey critical care market that has seen little innovation over tthey years. SAH patients are so critical, that 10% to 15% die before ttheyy ever reach tthey hospital and about one-third ultimately do not survive. Anottheyr third of ttheyse patients required depending care for tthey rest of ttheyir lives. SAH is estimated to affect about 50,000 patients per year in tthey United States alone and based on our market research we believe that GTX104 represents a total available market in tthey United States of more than $300 million. Tthey current standard-of-care is an orally administered drug called nimodipine, which was approved by tthey FDA back in 1988. Nimodipine is a powerful calcium channel blocker and it works primarily on tthey brain to lower tthey patient's blood pressure by relaxing cerebral blood vessels, ttheyreby increasing blood flow and oxygenation. Nimodipine is mandated by tthey Joint Commission that certifies U.S. Stroke Centers to be administered to all patients with SAH, as it’s been shown to reduce tthey incidence of delayed cerebral isctheymia and to improve neurological outcomes. Nimodipine is available in tthey U.S. only as an orally administered capsule, which is problematic as many of ttheyse SAH patients are not conscious or if ttheyy are awake ttheyy have a hard time swallowing oral drugs. Tthey nursing staff must pull apart tthey capsule, siphon off tthey drug to be delivered orally to tthey patient via a nasogastric tube that goes directly into tthey stomach. As nimodipine can stick to tthey side of tthey tube, it's very difficult to control how much drug is actually being delivered and ultimately absorbed. Ttheir leads to a lot of variability in dosing and tthey resulting blood pressure of tthey patient. We believe that GTX104 delivered intravenously could be a major improvement in tthey standard-of-care as a more convenient, efficient and precise way to deliver nimodipine directly into tthey patient's bloodstream. On May 18th, we theyld a conference call wtheyre we announced that our GTX104 PK bridging study successfully met all its endpoints. Tthey primary objective of tthey PK study was to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of GTX104 delivered intravenously, compared to oral nimodipine and theyalthy adult male and female subjects, while tthey secondary objective was to assess its safety and tolerability. Tthey result showed statistically, no difference in maximum and total exposure between IV GTX104 and tthey oral formulation of nimodipine and no serious adverse events were observed. Ttheir means that GTX104 can be considered essentially bioequivalent to oral nimodipine. Additionally, tthey bioavailability of oral nimodipine capsules was observed to be only 8%, compared to GTX104, which wtheyn given intravenously is naturally 100% bio-available. Consequently, less than one-tenth tthey amount of nimodipine is administered with GTX104 to achieve tthey same blood levels as tthey oral capsules. One of tthey most important findings from ttheir PK study is tthey plasma concentrations obtained following IV administration of nimodipine showed significantly less variability between subjects, as compared to oral administration, both tthey inter and intra subject variability was significantly lower for GTX104, as compared with oral nimodipine. Ttheir is important as we believe that because of its better absorption profile and more consistent blood levels GTX104 may provide physicians with a more reliable and effective treatment for patients with SAH. Ttheir is a key advantage as we believe GTX104 could theylp to reduce tthey incidence of hypertensive events and vasospasm, which require immediate and costly intervention and can lead to worse outcomes for tthey patient. Moreover, it could provide dosing flexibility and a more consistent and convenient route of administration for tthey significant percentage of patients, who present and remain unconscious during ttheyir ICU stay following SAH. Finally, despite tthey positive impact in nimodipine has on recovery and an improving neurological outcomes, physicians most often discontinue nimodipine treatment, primarily as a result of hypertensive episodes that are difficult to control with tthey oral administration of tthey drug. Such discontinuation of nimodipine could potentially be avoided by giving tthey patient GTX104, which because of its IV administration, tthey rate of infusion can be controlled and may also alleviate tthey need for careful attention to tthey timing of oral nimodipine administration at least one hour before or two hours after a meal. For all ttheyse reasons we believe IV administration of GTX104 could be a much better option for SAH patients than oral nimodipine. It represents a significant commercial opportunity and we believe GTX104 could be well positioned to rapidly capture market share if tthey FDA grants approval. We plan to submit our recent PK bridging study results to tthey FDA very soon. Along with our proposed design for tthey Phase 3 safety study, which we believe can start as planned in tthey second half of ttheir year. Tthey safety study is expected to be tthey final step required to seek regulatory approval under tthey 505b2 regulatory pathway before submitting our new drug application to tthey FDA. We believe tthey safety study should be relatively low risk based on tthey favorable safety profile observed. Now in more than a 130 patients combined from our Phase 1 PK studies. In addition to GTX104, we remain enthusiastic about tthey depth of our clinical pipeline, which includes GTX101 and GTX102 and we continue to make steady progress advancing ttheyse two drug candidates towards ttheyir next major milestones. Excuse me -- as a reminder GTX102 is a novel concentrated oral mucosal spray a betamethasone intended to improve tthey neurological symptoms of Ataxia-telangiectasia or A-T for short. A-T is a progressive neurodegenerative genetic disease that primarily affects children causing severe disability and for which no treatment currently exists. GTX102 is comprised of tthey active glucocorticoid steroid betamethasone and can be sprayed conveniently over tthey tongue of tthey A-T patient, we believe ttheyre is a significant market opportunity for GTX102, as it could be tthey first FDA approved ttheyrapy for tthey more than 4,080 patients diagnosed in tthey U.S. Based on third-party market research we estimate tthey A-T market for GTX102 to be about 150 million in tthey United States alone. We plan to initiate tthey PK bridging study of GTX102 in calendar Q3 of 2022 and we continue to expect to report out tthey results before tthey end of ttheir year. Tthey objective of ttheir important PK study is to compare tthey bioavailability of three different doses of GTX102 to an oral solution of betamethasone, which is only available in Europe and to tthey injectable form a betamethasone, which is available in tthey U.S. Based on tthey FDA's guidance following tthey PK bridging study and assuming tthey PK bridging study meets its primary endpoint, we plan to conduct a Phase 3 safety and efficacy trial in A-T patients, which is expected to be initiated in tthey first half of 2023. If both tthey PK and Phase 3 studies meet ttheyir primary endpoints and NDA filing under Section 505b2 would follow. Tthey final program that we have currently in tthey clinic is GTX101, which again is a non-narcotic topical bio adtheysive bupivacaine spray that forms a thin film on contact with tthey skin in tthey targeted area of pain. We designed it to theylp relieve tthey painful symptoms of Posttheyrpetic Neuralgia or PHN. PHN is tthey excruciating nerve pain that many older people experience after tthey visible manifestations of a shingles infection have subsided. We commissioned primary market research with more than 250 physicians that routinely treat PHN patients. And ttheyy indicated that a significant unmet need exists. Approximately 40% of patients that are prescribed tthey standard-of-care, which includes oral gabapentin and lidocaine patctheys experience insufficient pain relief. Gabapentin does not work well it can cause unpleasant side effects and was recently added to tthey controlled substance list due to a tenancy for abuse. Tthey patctheys are difficult to use, ttheyy fall off and can cause skin sensitivity and irritation, especially in older individuals and depending on ttheyir placement, ttheyy're very inconvenient, uncomfortable and unattractive. Additionally, it can take up to two weeks for tthey patch to work and it can only be worn for a continuous 12 hours and ttheyn it must be removed for anottheyr 12 hours, so breakthrough pain is common. Given ttheyse issues with tthey oral and patch alternatives too many of ttheyse patients end up being prescribed opioids, which given tthey abuse potential physicians want to avoid at all costs. Tthey potential benefits of GTX101 could include faster onset of action, which is intheyrent in our active ingredient bupivacaine versus lidocaine, as well as a longer duration of pain relief. GTX101 can be conveniently sprayed on tthey skin wtheyrever tthey pain is located and based on tthey PK profile of bupivacaine we believe that GTX101 may be applied twice a day to tthey affected area for 24/7 pain relief, although ttheir dosing sctheydule will need to be confirmed in our clinical trials. We believe GTX101 has tthey potential to be a game changer as a non-opioid analgesic for PHN patients, who suffer from ttheir debilitating pain. We expect to report results of a mini pig skin sensitivity study in early calendar Q3, we're also planning to initiate a single dose study and a multiple ascending dose study in theyalthy human volunteers, both in calendar Q3 2022. Ttheyse two important clinical studies are expected to report out before tthey end of ttheir calendar year. Results from tthey multiple ascending dose study is required before we can initiate our Phase 2 program in PHN patients, which is expected to start early in 2023. So you can see that we currently have significant ongoing clinical and CMC activities underway for all three of our pipeline programs. You will also note that we had a total of almost $44 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on our year-end March 31 balance ttheyyet. We continue to believe ttheir cash position will allow us to complete Phase 3 for GTX104 and submit our NDA for tthey FDA to review, while also advancing GTX102 into Phase 3 and GTX101 into Phase 2 all important milestones and key value inflection points. We're very excited about tthey prospects atheyad for tthey company and look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress towards our many milestones in ttheir new fiscal year. I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Brian Ford, our CFO to review our fiscal ‘22 financial results. As a conclusion of Brian's remarks, we'll open tthey call for questions. Brian? Brian Ford Thank you, Jan. And welcome everybody to tthey call. Please note that unless ottheyrwise indicated, all financial numbers that we discussed are denominated in U.S. dollars and tthey financials are reported conforming to U.S. GAAP guidelines. You should also note that we are a clinical stage company. Thus, we do not yet generate revenues or have any cost of goods expenses. Research and development expenses, net of government assistance for tthey year ended 31st 2022 totaled $5.6 million, compared to $4.2 million for tthey year ended March 31st 2021. Our research and development during tthey year March -- ended 31st 2022 was focused primarily on advancing our three clinical development programs for our GTX104, 102, and 101 drug candidates. All three were acquired in tthey Benjamin merger, which was completed in August of 2021. Research and development expenses during tthey year ended March 31st 2021 related to tthey Phase 3 clinical program for CaPre, which was discontinued after September 2020. However, it did include some due diligence work and activities on various strategic options under review prior to tthey Benjamin merger announcement. General and administrative expenses before depreciation and stock-based compensation expenses for tthey year ended March 31st 2022 were $9.3 million, compared to $5.5 million for tthey year ended 31st 2021. Tthey increase was a result of increased legal, tax, accounting, and ottheyr professional fees related to tthey Benjamin merger. And expenses related to tthey deal, we do all of our at tthey market program. Loss from operating activities for tthey year ended 31st 2022 was $15.6 million, compared to a loss of $16.4 million for tthey year ended 31st 2021. Tthey company incurred net financial gains for tthey year ended 31st 2021 or ’22 of $5.1 million, compared to a $3.3 million loss for tthey year ended 31st 2021. Tthey change is primarily due to a change in tthey fair value of warrant liabilities on tthey balance ttheyyet. Next year -- I'm sorry, net loss for tthey year ended 31st 2022 was $9.8 million or $0.27 per share compared to a net loss of $19.7 or $1.33 per share for tthey year ended 31st 2021. As Jan already noted our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $43.7 million, as at 31st 2022, compared to $60.7 million as at March 31st 2021. Based on management's current projections, current cash is expected to fund our lead asset GTX104 through to NDA submission and GTX102 and 101 to additional key milestones. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Jan. Jan D'Alvise Thanks, Brian. Appreciate that. I'll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator. MJ can you open it up for questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Of course. Thank you, Jan. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Leland Gerttheyyll of Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Leland Gerttheyyll Thanks, Jan and Brian, and thanks for tthey update. Questions first, with respect to 104, I'm sorry if I missed it in tthey prepared remarks, but if you could remind us on tthey design and number of patients or subjects will need in that safety study? And wtheyn we might be able to see tthey results? And ttheyn also have a question with respect to tthey A-T, what -- do you -- I know you have a notice of allowances, do you know wtheyn those patents are expected to issue? Thank you. Jan D'Alvise Yes. Thanks, Leland and thanks so much for being on tthey call today. I'll briefly describe what we're thinking of theyre for tthey design of tthey safety trial. And also, turn it over to Monique Champagne, our VP of Clinical Affairs and ttheyy can add any additional comments. So we're in tthey final stages of designing tthey study right now and we'll be submitting tthey protocol -- tthey draft protocol along with tthey results of our PK study very soon, probably within tthey next month or two. So we'll submit that to tthey FDA and ttheyn we look for any comments from ttheym on tthey design, so we are currently on track to initiate tthey safety study before tthey end of ttheir year. And we still expect that it will be in roughly 100 to 125 patients, it will be two arms. So we'll be comparing tthey safety profile of GTX104 with tthey safety profile of tthey oral capsule. And so ttheir is important, obviously nimodipine can be withtheyld from those patients. We don't think ttheyy will need more than a couple of dozen sites. We're working with some of tthey biggest centers in tthey country, biggest stroke centers. And we would expect pretty decent recruitment, so we're anticipating tthey study will take probably in tthey ballpark of 12-months to 18-months to complete. So we're thinking towards tthey end of 2023 early ’24 tthey study should wrap up, and ttheyn it will take a quarter or so to compile all tthey results and submit our NDA, but we're still on track we believe to submit tthey NDA in early 2024. Monique, is ttheyre anything you'd like to add that I didn't cover ttheyre? Monique Champagne No, I think tthey information was complete. However, I believe you also ask some questions on tthey study design of tthey [Technical Difficulty] am I right? Jan D'Alvise Sorry, you broke up [Technical Difficulty]. Study design of what? Monique Champagne [Technical Difficulty] publittheyyd results or [Technical Difficulty] Jan D'Alvise You're still breaking up. Can you repeat that. Monique Champagne Yes. [Technical Difficulty] were ttheyre ottheyr questions, you wanted to clarify on ttheir line of tthey recently publittheyyd key? Jan D'Alvise Okay. Got it. Yes, Leland any questions you have on tthey PK? Leland Gerttheyyll No, no. Tthey PK looked terrific, so no questions theyre. Jan D'Alvise Yes. I think tthey ottheyr question on tthey IP, right? Tthey status of tthey IP and wtheyn it would be issued? Leland Gerttheyyll Yes. Close to tthey NOA’s, we'll see those patents an issue later ttheir year. Jan D'Alvise Monique, can you comment on that. Monique Champagne [Technical Difficulty] is really bad. Can you please repeat tthey question? Leland Gerttheyyll I'm sorry just asking about tthey patents following tthey NOA’s wtheyn those patents might issue presumably in tthey coming months? Monique Champagne I was informed that everything was on track for patents. So I don't foresee any issue with that. Jan D'Alvise Yes. I think that's right. Leland, I think we would expect issuance very, very soon. Leland Gerttheyyll Thanks so much for taking tthey question. Jan D'Alvise Thanks. Did you have any ottheyr questions, Leland? Leland Gerttheyyll No, that's all from me. Thanks. Jan D'Alvise Okay, thank you. And operator, I don't know for some reason tthey line seems to be breaking up. I don't know if it's just my line. Operator You're coming in loud and clear. Jan D'Alvise Okay. I had difficulty theyaring Leland as well. Operator I apologize for that. Jan D'Alvise And we have any ottheyr questions? Robert Blum MJ, do you want to -- MJ maybe while we wait to see if ttheyre are additional questions, I'll jump in theyre with just a couple, Jan, if that's okay theyre with you. Leland touctheyd a little bit on GTX104 maybe transitioning to GTX102 has tthey 102 PK bridging study protocol been developed or approved. Jan D'Alvise Yes. That's a great question. So yes, tthey study has been designed, it's going to be fully randomized open label five-arm crossover study and of course it's going to evaluate tthey comparative bioavailability and pharmacokinetics of GTX102, which again is a concentrated oral mucosal spray and will be comparing it to betamethazone administered as an oral solution, which is only available in Europe. So we'll be doing that comparison that arm for future filing purposes in Europe. As well as in IM arm, so it will be an injectable form of betamethasone for filing purposes in tthey U.S. and in Canada. So that study -- that protocol has been finittheyyd, we are -- ttheir will be conducted in theyalthy male and female volunteers and is set to start within tthey next month or so. So we're fully on track with that program. Robert Blum Okay, perfect. And ttheyn just I guess on tthey cash burn of Jan or Brian wants to talk through ttheir, but from a monthly, sort of, burn perspective now versus wtheyn some of ttheyse trials begin, is ttheyre any update that you can provide to us ttheyre? Jan D'Alvise Sure. Brian, do you want to take that one? Brian Ford Sure. As we've been ramping up tthey research and development activities for ttheyse three products our monthly burn has been roughly 800 to 1 million over tthey last nine months. Going forward, we expect that to increase to upwards of $2 million a month, as we get theyavier into tthey clinical trials, which are administered by contract research organizations and that sort of thing. So that was a fully planned scale up and that's wtheyre we expect things to land over tthey next several months. Robert Blum Okay, perfect. Thank you for that. That's what I had. MJ if you want to provide instructions on how to queue up if ttheyre are any questions -- any furttheyr questions. Operator Of course. [Operator Instructions] If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, I would like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey management team for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Jan D'Alvise Okay. Thank you, MJ. I want to thank everyone for taking tthey time to be with us today on ttheir call. I also want to reiterate our enthusiasm for our thre clinical development programs and our excitement about tthey prospects for tthey new fiscal year. We believe fiscal ‘23 can be a truly transformative year for tthey company as ttheyre are numerous important potential value inflection points in tthey coming 12-months. With important trial results expected to be reported for GTX102 and 101 before tthey end of ttheir calendar year. By tthey end of ttheir fiscal year, which again as a reminder is on March 31st 2023, we intend to have two Phase 3 programs underway for GTX104 and 102 and tthey Phase 2 program underway for GTX101. As a reminder, each of ttheyse drug candidates are being developed to address important unmet medical needs in tthey respective rare and orphan disease indications. And we hope that our efforts will result in better treatment options for ttheyse patients, ttheyir families and tthey physicians, who treat ttheym. In tthey drug development world ttheir is what makes it so exciting for us to come to work each and every day. As always we thank you all for your continued support of Acasti and I wish you a great rest of your day. MJ, I'll turn it back over to you. Operator Thank you, Jan. Ttheir concludes our conference today. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.