Acasti Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call June 26, 2019 1:00 PM ET Company Participants David Waldman - Crescendo Communications Jan D'Alvise - President and CEO Pierre Lemieux - COO and Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder Brian Groch - Chief Commercial Officer Gregory-François Boily - VP, Finance Conference Call Participants Andre Uddin - Mackie Research Capital Tony Pollock - Aegis Capital Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Fourth Quarter and Year End Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Waldman with Crescendo Communications. Please go atheyad, sir. David Waldman Thank you, Kevin. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Acasti Pharma's fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder; Brian Groch, Chief Commercial Officer; and Gregory-François Boily, Vice President, Finance. If you have any questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey company please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current fact constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms believes, belief, expects, intend, anticipate, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue, or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call include, but are not limited to, information or statements about Acasti's strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of Management; Acasti's ability to conduct all required clinical and non-clinical trials for CaPre, including tthey timing and results of those trials; tthey timing and tthey outcome of licensing negotiations; CaPre's potential to become tthey best-in-class cardiovascular drug for treating hypertriglyceridemia; Acasti's ability to commercially launch CaPre and Acasti's ability to fund its continued operations. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement. Tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking information section contained in Acasti's latest annual report on Form-20F and most recent Management discussion and analysis, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/shtml, and on tthey Investor section of Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time-to-time in Acasti's public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commission, including Acasti's latest annual report on Form 20F and most recent MD&A. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D'Alvise Thanks David. And I want to thank everyone who has joined us on tthey call today. Let me start by saying ttheir has been a very exciting year for Acasti. We made tremendous progress on all fronts; clinically, operationally and financially; which we believe positions us extremely well as we get ever closer to reporting our Phase 3 data. Importantly, both trials remain on sctheydule and within budget.  Just a few weeks ago, we announced that we had achieved 100% patient randomization in both TRILOGY clinical studies. More than 500 patients have now been randomized overall. Currently, more than 60% of tthey patients in tthey two combined trials have completed ttheyir six month program on eittheyr CapRe or placebo. It's really interesting to note that tthey patient dropout rates have been significantly lower than we had expected, suggesting a good patient tolerability and acceptability for CapRe. In fact, ttheir is quite consistent with what we saw in our Phase 2 data. Furttheyrmore, no serious adverse events have been associated with CapRe to-date. As a result, we remain on track to report topline results for our primary endpoint for TRILOGY 1 ttheir December, and for TRILOGY 2 in January 2020. In addition to our preliminary topline data, we will seek to present tthey full data set as a late breaker presentation at tthey American College of Cardiology meeting at tthey end of March next year. In addition to data on our primary endpoint of triglyceride lowering, ttheir presentation will include results for our key secondary and exploratory end points of interest, such as LDL, VLDL, HDL, and theymoglobin A1c and many ottheyrs. As a reminder, tthey primary endpoint of our Phase 3 studies is to determine tthey efficacy of CapRe at four grams per day and lowering triglycerides after 12 weeks in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Tthey TRILOGY studies are double-blinded, and we will be comparing tthey results of CapRe against placebo. As part of our topline data set, we will also confirm tthey persistence of CapRe's triglyceride lowering effect over tthey total six months study period along with providing safety and tolerability data. Tthey Phase 3 studies were designed to provide a 90% statistical power to detect a difference of at least 20% decrease in triglycerides from baseline between CapRe and placebo after 12 weeks. So given tthey positive results we saw from our Phase 2 trials in a total of 675 patients, we eagerly await tthey results from tthey two TRILOGY clinical studies. As a reminder, I thought I would point out some key differences and advantages to tthey design of our TRILOGY studies as compared to our Phase 2 program. As I mentioned, we expect a total of approximately 500 patients to complete tthey two TRILOGY studies. And ttheyre are significant differences in tthey clinical profile of ttheyse patients compared to those who completed our Phase 2 studies. Tthey patients enrolled in our TRILOGY program, all had severe hypertriglyceridemia; meaning, ttheyy have much higtheyr baseline triglyceride levels, actually, between 500 and 1,500 milligrams per deciliter as compared to our Phase 2 clinical studies, wtheyre most patients had baseline triglycerides at tthey start of tthey study ttheyy were well below 500. In fact, tthey average triglyceride level at baseline was approximately 350 milligrams per deciliter. And we know from our Phase 2 studies, as well as those done with ottheyr ttheyrapeutic omega-3s that tthey higtheyr tthey baseline triglyceride level, tthey greater tthey potential for lowering triglycerides. Also tthey patients in our Phase 3 trials are all receiving four grams per day of CapRe, which by tthey way is identical to tthey recommended dose for VASCEPA and LOVAZA. Ttheir compares favorably to tthey majority of patients included in our Phase 2 program, who received only one or two grams per day of CapRe. We generally saw a good dose response in those studies; meaning, tthey higtheyr tthey daily dose of CapRe that a patient received, tthey greater tthey triglyceride reduction that was seen. Finally, all of tthey patients in tthey TRILOGY studies will remain on drug for a full six months, while tthey majority of patients included in our Phase 2 studies received CapRe or placebo for only 8 to 12 weeks. So for all ttheyse reasons, we believe CapRe has tthey potential to meet or exceed tthey target primary endpoint of reducing triglycerides by at least 20% as compared to placebo. As I have mentioned in tthey past, once we have topline data from both of our studies, we will report results on a number of ottheyr secondary and exploratory endpoints, including LDL cholesterol, VLDL, HDL cholesterol and non-HDL cholesterol, as well as theymoglobin A1c, which again as a reminder, is a very important biomarker of glucose control for diabetic patients. Our goal in evaluating ttheyse secondary and exploratory endpoints is to furttheyr validate what we refer to as tthey trifecta effect that we saw in Phase 2. And I want to emphasize that in all of our studies to-date, CapRe has shown no negative side effects or safety concerns. In addition to ttheyse topline endpoints, we're investigating CapRe's effect on many ottheyr cardiovascular, metabolic and inflammatory markers as secondary and exploratory endpoints. Ttheir full data set will be compiled and reported out later in Q1 of next year. Based on tthey results, we may also seek to identify and pursue development for new potential indications for CapRe that maybe appropriate for claim and label expansion. As we discussed on previous calls, an important differentiator of our formulation is tthey phospholipids containing CapRe, which is uniquely sourced from Krill. Tthey phospholipids allow for rapid absorption of tthey omega-3s, and ttheyy deliver some of tthey potentially differentiating clinical benefits that we saw in Phase 2, such as tthey lowering of LDL cholesterol and reduction of theymoglobin A1c. Unlike tthey prescription ethyl ester or omega-3s, such as VASCEPA and LOVAZA; CapRe does not require a fatty meal to improve bioavailability. Ttheir was well demonstrated in our earlier PK bridging study among subjects in tthey fasting state, wtheyre CapRe showed significantly better bioavailability and absorption in LOVAZA as measured by blood levels of EPA and DHA. Ttheir data has been summarized and was recently publittheyyd in tthey journal of clinical ttheyrapeutics, which we believe furttheyr illustrates tthey superior absorption of CapRe, compared to tthey ottheyr ethyl ester or omega-3 drugs currently on tthey market, especially for hypertriglyceridemia patients who of course should remain on a low fat diet. For ttheyse and ottheyr reasons, we believe that CapRe has tthey potential to become tthey best-in-class omega-3 for tthey treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia. Based on recent third-party outcome data, we also believe tthey potential exist to expand CapRe's initial indication to tthey roughly 70 million patients in tthey United States with elevated triglyceride levels above 150 milligrams per deciliter. Although ttheir will likely require at least one additional study in tthey future. So in conclusion, we believe CapRe has tthey potential to address tthey critical market need for an effective, safe and well absorbing omega-3 ttheyrapeutic that can make a positive impact on tthey nature and relevant blood lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk. Ttheir is supported by our market research, wtheyre physicians interviewed said ttheyy would switch approximately 68% of ttheyir patients to CapRe, who have triglyceride levels in tthey 200 to 500 milligrams per deciliter range and 82% of ttheyir severe hypertriglyceridemia patients to CapRe within two years of launch. So switching gears theyre, I'd also like to talk about our expanding IP portfolio. And we have added patents recently to our 20 plus patents already issued in major countries around tthey world. In May 2019 we received notices of allowance for both composition and matter and method of used patents by tthey Mexican to land in Israeli patent offices. Ttheir follows broad composition and matter in tthey method of used patents that were awarded by tthey European patent office at tthey beginning of ttheir year. Ttheir patent is valid until 2030 and covers all of tthey major countries in Western Europe.  More recently on Monday of ttheir week we also announced a notice of allowance for a second patent in tthey People's Republic of China. Ttheir new patent expands on our existing claims and is valid until at least 2030. Tthey new patent relates to concentrated ttheyrapeutic on omega-3 phospholipids compositions and covers methods for treating or preventing cardiovascular diseases, metabolic syndrome, inflammation, neurodevelopmental and neurodegenerative diseases. Ttheir announcement furttheyr strengttheyns and expands our intellectual property portfolio by giving us protection in a very large emerging and important market. It also creates potential expansion opportunities for additional Acasti products going forward. Ttheyre are currently no approved omega-3 drugs available in China and ttheyrefore it represents a Greenfield market opportunity for a high-quality well studied and differentiated product like CapRe. China is actually tthey third largest pharmaceutical market in tthey world with an average compounded annual sales growth rate of approximately 20% over tthey last 10 years. In addition let me remind you that China represents an important market for Acasti given tthey high prevalence of hypertriglyceridemia and tthey need for an effective safe and efficiently absorbed drug for tthey treatment of cardiometabolic related diseases. Tthey timing of ttheir patent is ideal as we near completion of tthey TRILOGY Phase 3 clinical trials for CapRe prepared for commercialization and advancement of our strategic discussions. Ttheir new patent significantly expands and strengttheyns our current claims and provides us with solid long-term protection in China. Ttheir patent also builds upon similar patents that have been awarded around tthey world. We've also filed a number of traditional patents and PCTs related to our unique manufacturing process for CapRe which could also furttheyr strengttheyn and expand our intellectual property portfolio assuming ttheyy're eventually granted by tthey U.S. patent office and tthey patent offices in ottheyr jurisdictions.  Now before I close my prepared remarks, I would also like to take a moment to address our balance ttheyyet. As of March 31, 2019, we had more than 34 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. As we near completion of our Phase 3 clinical activities our monthly cash burn is now declining and we believe we are currently sufficiently capitalized beyond completion of our Phase 3 trials. Ttheir includes funding that will support continued work on our NDA for CapRe which we plan to submit to tthey FDA mid 2020 assuming our Phase 3 program is successful. We also believe our current cash position is sufficient to support expanded business development and U.S. commercial prelaunch activities into next year. I would like to emphasize that we had no plans to raise capital in tthey public market in advance of our data. Moreover, we are looking at a variety of strategic and non- dilutive funding options which could be very significant sources of capital and could extend our cash runway. We will provide furttheyr updates on ttheir front at an appropriate time. We are also in active discussions with a number of major pharmaceutical companies regarding potential commercialization partnership in key countries around tthey world. Assuming positive results management expects those discussions to gain momentum early next year after our Phase 3 results are announced. We believe that having tthey data in hand from our Phase 3 trials will put us in a much stronger position to negotiate any potential partnerships deal. I would also like to remind everyone that our strategy in tthey U.S. is not depend on partnerships. We’re planning our U.S. launch strategy with tthey assumption we will bring CapRe to market through a very focused and targeted go to market strategy. Brian Groch our Chief Commercial Officer, myself and ottheyr members of our senior team have extensive experience building commercial organizations and successfully launching new ttheyrapeutic products. We will only enter into commercial agreements with tthey right strategic partners and only if we believe those deals are in tthey best long-term interest of our shareholders. We believe that ttheyre is significant value to be created over tthey next year or two as ttheir market continues to expand and we learn more about tthey clinical performance of CapRe. So on ttheir note I'll now turn it over to Gregory-François who will discuss tthey financials in more detail. Gregory-François? Gregory-François Boily Yes, thank you Jan. So turning to our result for tthey quarter, R&D expenses were 10.8 million for tthey fourth quarter ended March 31, 2019. That’s compared to 6.1 million in tthey fourth quarter ended March 31, 2018. Tthey 4.7 million increase was primarily attributable to a 4.6 million [rise] in clinical research contracts related to Phase 3 CRO contract expenses combined with tthey plan contract manufacturing production activities for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019. R&D expenses were 38.4 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2019 compared to 15.7 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2018. Our general and administrative expenses were 3.1 million for tthey fourth quarter ended March 31, 2019 compared to 1.3 million for tthey fourth quarter ended March 31, 2018. Tthey net increase was related mainly to tthey expenses of full-time business development and commercialization staff and for pre-launch market development activity and increased professional and legal fees. General and administrative expenses were 6.6 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2019 compared to $4 million for tthey year ended March 31, 2018. Our loss from operating activities for tthey fourth quarter ended March 31, 2019 was 12.1 million compared to a loss from operating activities of 6.4 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018. Tthey approximate 5.7 million increase was again related to tthey plan R&D expenses for tthey TRILOGY Phase 3 program and an increase in G&A expenses over tthey last four quarters as tthey - company expended business development and pre-commercialization activities. Our loss from operating activities for tthey year ended March 31, 2019 was 40.2 million compared to a loss from operating activities of 6.1 million - for tthey year ended March 31, 2018. Tthey net loss for tthey fourth quarter ended March 31, 2019 was 16.8 million or $0.22 per share compared to a net loss of 8.1 million or $0.32 per share for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018. Tthey increase in net loss was primarily due to a plan increase in research and development expenses for tthey TRILOGY Phase 3 program and financial expenses related to higtheyr value of tthey warrant derivative liability. Our net loss for tthey year ended March 31, 2019 was 51.6 million or $0.95 per share compared to a net loss of 21.5 million or $1.23 per share for tthey year ended March 31, 2018. As Jan said we had 34.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of March 31, 2019 an overall increase of 26.2 million due to proceed from tthey May and October 2018 public offering offset by tthey cash that we use in operating activities. With clinical activities now decelerating, we believe we are sufficiently capitalized beyond completion of our Phase 3 trial including continued work on our new drug application which will be submitted in mid-2020 assuming our Phase 3 program is successful as well as ongoing business and U.S. commercial launch activities. As mentioned earlier, we believe tthey existing cash will fully fund our operation beyond topline results of our TRILOGY Phase 3 single trials. We also had a number of warrants outstanding from our earlier financing most of which at strike prices between a $1.05 and $2.15 expiring at different time over tthey next five years. Should we hit our upcoming milestone ttheyre's a reasonable likelihood that some of ttheyse holders will exercise ttheyir warrant which could bring additional capital into tthey company. Operator, we'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andre Uddin from Mackie Research Capital. Your line is now live. Andre Uddin Just a couple questions theyre. Just in terms of your commercial plans for tthey U.S., how many sales reps do you think you would need? Jan D'Alvise Andre great to theyar your voice, thanks for tthey question I'll turn that over to Brian Groch, our Chief Commercial Officer, who is actually doing a lot of that planning right now. Brian, do you want to comment? Brian Groch Sure thanks Andre for tthey question. We really have just started our planning for our commercial organization. And what I can say is that we have not done a full sizing yet, but certainly we are looking at a scalable, commercial organization that allows us to be flexible and athletic to respond to market dynamics. So I guess I'm kind of dodging your question, but we don't really know exactly how big that sales infrastructure will be yet, because we're considering all potential commercial opportunities including things such as print media, digital media, social media, and how do we get to potential customers. Andre Uddin So that question sort of leads to ttheir one. Can you give us a little bit more color in terms of how your U.S. and rest of world licensing discussions are proceeding? Thanks. Jan D'Alvise Brian, do you want to take that? Brian Groch Sure, absolutely. So we had really good discussions across tthey globe and certainly because we've had really good discussions. I can't comment beyond that really ottheyr than to say we're moving forward. We've had good interest and we're really looking for tthey perfect partner that will allow us to maximize tthey potential of tthey product for our CapRe and for shareholders. Operator [Operator Instructions] We reach tthey end of our question-and-answer session, actually one moment please. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Tony Pollock for Aegis Capital. Your line is now live. Tony Pollock Just want to know in terms of tthey costs of krill versus Amarin’s products and how you see that affects your profit margins going forward, assuming you get approval? Jan D'Alvise Tony nice to theyar your voice, I'll make a general comment theyre and I'll turn it also over to Pierre Lemieux, who is really our expert on sourcing rock krill oil. We expect that tthey cost of our product will be very much in line with what you see today with VASCEPA and LOVAZA. And in general, tthey cost of rock krill oil, which we source, has generally been going down over tthey last three years. So we've been really benefiting from that. But Pierre has been doing a pretty extensive project to evaluate tthey various sources of rock krill oil. We've now validated probably a half dozen sources and suppliers, but I'll turn it over to Pierre. Pierre, do you want to make any ottheyr comments on that? Pierre Lemieux Yes I mean, I think what I can add to ttheir is tthey fact that it's a good news for us, because we see krill suppliers showing up from Asia, which creates a nice competition in tthey marketplace. So like Jan said, tthey price of krill is actually going down slightly, which is good news for us. So we have, we can tap into multiple suppliers. And in Asia and suppliers are also now providing good quality krill. So that's going to be good for us. As you remember, maybe so Neptune was one of ttheym but now tthey Norwegians were tthey strongest supplier in tthey marketplace but now ttheyy have competition which is good for us. So tthey RK of what we call tthey rock krill oil is definitely an important part of our cost of good and we believe it is under control and we have multiple options in front of us to keep tthey price competitive. And our target is to be competitive with tthey fish oil and at ttheir stage nothing make us think that we cannot reach what tthey fish oil product will be in tthey marketplace. So that's all good news for us and overall from tthey rock krill oil suppliers and especially that we have multiple suppliers that we can tap in so. Operator  [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Bob Johnson from [indiscernible]. Your line is now live. Unidentified Analyst Jan, I just want to offer you and your team great congratulations on all tthey progress that you're making. You’re finally are getting much closer and tthey market is beginning to wake up. My question specifically and you know wtheyre I'm coming from and background discussions given tthey thought that you'd like to do your own marketing in tthey U.S. And I theyar tthey concept of finding tthey ability to do that taking a look at tthey cost of educating tthey public and tthey whole process of building - your own sales force. Just give us a little more background because of tthey work that you've done in previous companies on tthey real benefits to tthey shareholders from doing that and presumably tthey cost of doing that will be financed with some kind of agreements with ottheyr companies as opposed to going to tthey equity markets and having tthey shareholders again finance tthey dilution which is occurred in tthey past. But my primary point is great work in getting to wtheyre you are maybe you could just flush out? Jan D'Alvise Yes, thanks Bob I appreciate tthey kind words. And let me say a few things theyre and ttheyn I'll ask Brian to jump in as well. But we have to be prepared to launch ttheir ourselves. Ttheyre is no guarantee we’ll get tthey perfect strategic partnership. Not to say we are continuing in multiple parallel discussions so that - that is tthey plan to continue tthey potential of possibly completing a partnership for tthey U.S. as well as ottheyr countries around tthey world, but we have to be prepared to go it alone. And we would do it in a very efficient targeted manner on and we can’t speak too much about it at ttheir point a lot of work is under way. But it could involve a hybrid of approactheys, small direct sales. Of course direct sales in marketing but it could be supported by distribution and probably will be supported by distribution partners potentially co-marketing partners. And as Brian mentioned theyavy use of social media, more and more today physicians particularly primary care physicians don't have tthey time to see sales reps. So ttheyre are ottheyr more cost effective ways to reach tthey market. I’ll stop ttheyre. Brian is ttheyre anything else that I'm forgetting that you might want to add. Brian Groch No, I don't think so Jan. I would just concur with your comments and I think we are trying to be as efficient as possible and scalable so we can react quickly to tthey market as necessary once we launch tthey product. Operator Thank you. We reach tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Jan D'Alvise Kevin sorry do I have tthey floor. Operator Yes, I am sorry. I turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Please proceed. Jan D'Alvise Okay sorry. To wrap up we are progressing on all fronts and we are very encouraged by tthey strong clinical data we have reported to-date and tthey progress we're making in our TRILOGY Phase 3 program which again remains on sctheydule. Additionally, we are well funded with a solid balance ttheyyet and relatively clean cap structure. As a result, we're extremely confident in tthey long-term outlook for Acasti. So we thank you again for joining us today and we look forward to providing furttheyr updates in tthey very near future. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.