Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl - Vice President-Investor Relations Rohit Gupta - President and Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mihir Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Shane - JPMorgan Eric Hagen - BTIG Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling Partners Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Q2 2023 Enact's Earnings Conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Daniel Kohl, vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Daniel Kohl Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, president and Chief Executive Officer and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our quarterly results before turning tthey call back to Rohit for closing remarks. We will ttheyn take your questions. Tthey earnings materials we issued after market closed yesterday contain our financial results for tthey quarter, along with a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics. Ttheyse are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.ir.enactmi.com. Today's call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current assumptions, estimates, expectations and projections as of today's date. Additionally, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause results to be materially different, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise such statements as a result of new information. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release, as well as in our filings with tthey SEC, which will be available on our website. Please keep in mind tthey earnings materials and management's prepared remarks today include certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our earnings presentation and our upcoming SEC filing on our website. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Daniel. Good morning, everyone. Our team delivered anottheyr very strong quarter in a dynamic environment. We reported adjusted operating income of $178 million or $1.10 per diluted share and delivered a 16% adjusted operating return on equity. Insurance-in-force grew 9% year-over-year to a record $258 billion, driven by new insurance written of $15 billion and elevated persistency of 84%. during tthey quarter, we delivered solid new business production, disciplined growth in our insured portfolio, favorable credit performance, continued acceleration in investment income and expense efficiency. We remain confident in our strategy, as well as tthey strength and stability of tthey private mortgage insurance business model. While tthey macroeconomic environment remains uncertain with elevated inflation and theyightened borrowing costs, tthey labor market has been resilient and household balance ttheyyets are theyalthy. We continue to see evidence that manufacturing quality in tthey mortgage industry remains strong and that despite ongoing challenges to affordability, credit risk remains within our risk appetite. In addition, looking beyond housing, research indicates that serious delinquency rates for prime borrowers are at or below pre-pandemic levels across consumer sectors. Overall, we remain constructive on tthey long-term outlook for housing, as well as tthey demand for mortgage insurance. Low housing inventory and first-time homebuyer demand are likely to continue to support home prices, and MI will remain an important affordability tool to theylp buyers qualify for a mortgage. As higtheyr interest rates have affected mortgage originations, elevated persistency has continued to act as a counterbalance, supporting insurance enforced growth. Pricing on new insurance written remained constructive during tthey quarter and we observed increased pricing on new insurance written in tthey market. We increased our price on NIW in response to continued macro uncertainty while continuing to onboard tthey right risk for tthey right price. tthey credit quality of our insured portfolio remains strong. Tthey weighted average FICO score was 744, tthey weighted average loan-to-value ratio was 93% and our layered risk was 1.3% of risk enforce, our delinquency rate was 1.9%, even with tthey first quarter of ttheir year and consistent with pre-pandemic levels. tthey loss ratio in tthey quarter was negative 2%. Continued strength in tthey labor market and household balance ttheyyets, as well as our loss mitigation efforts theylped drive cures above our expectations and as a result, we released $63 million of reserves. We continue to take a prudent approach to loss reserves and believe we are well reserved for a range of scenarios. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and remain well capitalized, relative to our regulatory requirements. PMIERs sufficiency at tthey end of tthey quarter remained robust at 162% or $2 billion of sufficiency, and 90% of our risk in-force was covered by credit risk transfers. Earlier in July, we announced our first quota share reinsurance agreement with a broad panel of highly-rated reinsurers. Ttheir agreement builds on tthey success of our CRT program and reflects our ongoing commitment to pursue high-quality new business while driving capital efficiency and minimizing credit risk volatility. We also continue to allocate capital in keeping with our balanced approach and three pillars, supporting our policyholders, investing to enhance and diversify our platform and returning capital to our shareholders. I'll focus on two of those pillars theyre. I'll start with capital returns. Given tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, tthey stability of our cash flows and our continued confidence in tthey business, we have increased our capital return guidance for 2023 to $300 million from $250 million. As we announced previously, we increased our quarterly dividend, 14% from $0.14 per share to $0.16 per share, and tthey first dividend at that level was paid during tthey quarter. Additionally, we repurchased $41 million in stock during tthey second quarter and through July, we have substantially completed tthey original $75 million share repurchase program. With that said, I am pleased to announce that tthey Board has authorized a new $100 million share repurchase program. Dean will provide additional detail on our capital return plans shortly. I will now turn to investment in tthey business. We seek opportunities that will create long-term value by growing, extending and differentiating our platform, supported by our deep expertise in mortgage insurance. I'm pleased to note that during tthey quarter, we successfully launctheyd Enact Re, a reinsurer that expands our franctheire through access to new business opportunities that are expected to create shareholder value over time. Enact Re is a long-term growth opportunity that provides us with capital efficient access to tthey GSE credit risk transfer market. Having received approval from Bermuda Monetary Authority, tthey GSE's and an A- rating from A.M. Best, Enact Re has participated in two Fannie Mae CRT transactions and one Freddie Mac transaction since launch. Tthey attractive risk-adjusted returns and strong underwriting we have seen from ttheyse transactions reinforce our decision to enter ttheir market. In addition, we executed a quota share arrangement with EMICO to provide scale for Enact Re's A- rating. Importantly, we have intentionally structured Enact Re to preserve Enact's dividend capacity. And as you can see from our decisions to increase our guidance for total capital returns ttheir year to $300 million and tthey authorization of a new share repurchase program, our commitment to returning capital to shareholders remains strong and well balanced with our growth initiatives. Led by an experienced Leadership Team and board, tthey launch of Enact Re leverages our industry expertise, analytic capabilities and operating infrastructure and is aligned with our commitment to drive compelling returns and create value for our shareholders. I will now turn it over to Dean, who will cover our performance in detail and will have more to say on Eanct Re in a moment. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks, Rohit. Good morning, everyone. We again delivered very strong results in tthey second quarter of 2023. GAAP net income for tthey quarter was $168 million, or $1.04 per diluted share, as compared to $1.25 per diluted share in tthey same period last year, and $1.08 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2023. Return on equity was 15.5%. Adjusted operating income was $178 million, or a $1.10 per diluted share, as compared to $205 million, or $1.26 per diluted share in tthey same period last year, and $176 million, or $1.08 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2023. Adjusted operating return on equity was 16.4%. Turning to revenue drivers. primary insurance-in-force increased in tthey second quarter to a new record of $258 billion, up $5 billion, or 2% sequentially, and up $20 billion, or 9% year-over-year. New insurance written of $15 billion was up $2 billion, or 15% sequentially, driven in part by higtheyr originations and down $2 billion, or 14% year-over-year, driven by lower mortgage originations resulting from continued elevated interest rates. With elevated interest rates, persistency remained high at 84% in tthey second quarter, down 1 percentage point sequentially and up 4 percentage points year-over-year. Given that most of our insured portfolio has mortgage rates at or below 6%, and tthey expectation that interest rates will remain elevated in tthey short term, we anticipate continued strength and persistency, which is a positive for tthey future profitability of our insurance-in-force portfolio. Our base premium rate was 40.3 basis points, down 0.2 basis points sequentially, 2.2 basis points year-over-year and 0.7 basis points year-to-date. Tthey rate of change in our base premium rate continues to narrow and is in line with our expectations. As a reminder, base premium rate is impacted by a variety of factors and can deviate from quarter-to-quarter. Our net earned premium rate also reflected lower single premium cancellations year-over-year. For tthey quarter, single premium cancellations were flat sequentially and contributed only $2 million of net earned premium, limiting its potential for meaningful future dilution. Investment income in tthey second quarter was $51 million, up $6 million, or 12% sequentially, and $15 million, or 42% year-over-year. Tthey rise in interest rates and tthey current rate environment are favorable for our investment portfolio, as our new money yield for tthey quarter was over 5%. as of quarter end, unrealized losses in our investment portfolio increased by $32 million to $439 million. As I've mentioned, although we generally do not expect to realize ttheyse losses, we will act upon opportunities that are expected to generate tthey higtheyst value at a given time. During tthey quarter, we identified assets that upon selling, generated a loss, but presented an opportunity for higtheyr net investment income going forward. We'll continue to evaluate similar opportunities to maximize tthey value of our portfolio, but ttheir does not change our view that our investment portfolio's unrealized loss position is materially non-economic. Revenue for tthey quarter were $278 million, down $3 million, or 1% sequentially, and up $4 million, or 1% year-over-year. Excluding tthey opportunistic investment trade just mentioned, which resulted in a $13 million loss in exchange for higtheyr future investment income, revenues in tthey quarter were up $10 million, or a 3% sequentially and $17 million or a 6% year-over-year. Net premiums earned were $239 million, up $3 million or 1% sequentially and relatively flat year-over-year. Tthey increase in net premiums earned sequentially was driven by strong IIF growth, partially offset by tthey lapse of older higtheyr price policies, as compared to our NIW. Turning to credit. losses in tthey quarter were a benefit of $4 million, as compared to a benefit of $11 million last quarter and a benefit of $62 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Our loss ratio for tthey quarter was negative 2%, compared to negative 5% last quarter and negative 26% in tthey second quarter of 2022. Our losses and loss ratio were primarily driven by favorable cure performance, which was above our expectations, resulting in a $63 million reserve release in tthey quarter. Included in tthey reserve release were delinquencies from tthey first half of 2022, which were reserved at a 10% claim rate. New delinquencies decreased sequentially to 9,200 from 9,600. Our new delinquency rate for tthey quarter was 1%, consistent with pre-pandemic levels and reflective of ongoing positive credit trends. We continue to book new delinquencies at an approximate 10% claim rate, reflecting our prudent and measured approach to reserving in ttheir dynamic environment. total delinquencies in tthey second quarter decreased by approximately 500 to 18,100 as cures outpaced new delinquencies. Tthey associated delinquency rate stayed flat at 1.9%, which is stabilizing near pre-pandemic levels. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses in tthey quarter were $55 million, relatively flat sequentially and down $7 million, or 11% year-over-year. Tthey expense ratio for tthey quarter was 23%, flat to tthey first quarter of 2023 and below tthey 26% we reported a year ago. Our performance reflected tthey ongoing benefit of our cost reduction actions. We continue to expect costs for tthey full year to decline 6% year-over-year to $225 million. Moving to capital and liquidity. we continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility. As Rohit referenced, ttheir quarter, we executed our first quota share reinsurance transaction as part of our credit risk transfer program. Tthey transaction secured coverage from a panel of highly-rated reinsurers covering approximately 13% of our current and expected new insurance written throughout 2023. We believe tthey inclusion of quota share reinsurance coverage into our CRT program provides incremental capacity on attractive terms at a time of volatility in tthey CRT market and serves as anottheyr proof point for tthey value of diversified capital sources. As of June 30, 2023, our CRT program provides $1.5 billion reduction to our PMIER's minimum required assets. Before moving on to a discussion of PMIERs and capital allocation, I wanted to take a minute on Enact Re. As Rohit discussed, we are very pleased to have launctheyd Enact Re during tthey quarter. Enact Re is a Bermuda-based, wholly-owned subsidiary of EMICO and is classified as a non-exclusive affiliated reinsurer for PMIERs purposes. EMICO has initially contributed $250 million to Enact REIT, which serves as a reallocation of capital to Enact Re that will be used to support tthey initial 7.5% quota share of business from EMICO and our participation in transactions with tthey GSEs. Tthey strength of our credit ratings is a key factor in our ability to successfully enter and participate in tthey GSE's CRT market. Tthey quota share agreement with EMICO has provided tthey scale and efficiency to support our strong ratings and opportunities to pursue third-party risk on attractive terms. Over tthey long-term, we believe Enact Re will contribute to increasing our income and shareholder order value while preserving our dividend capacity. Additionally, we expect it to have a minimal impact on our expense structure, as evidenced by tthey fact that we have reaffirmed our expense guidance of $225 million for tthey year. We have structured Enact Re to be efficient from a ratings capital and expense perspective, and will take an intentional approach to growing tthey business that balances scaling it to optimize a return on capital with our disciplined approach to capital allocation and commitment to our core franctheire. we intend to prudently build scale in ttheir business and we'll continue to keep tthey market apprised of progress through time. Let me now shift gears to talk about PMIERs and capital allocation. Our PMIER's efficiency remains strong at 162%, or $2 billion above PMIER's requirements, compared to 164% or $2.1 billion in tthey first quarter of 2023. At quarter-end, we had $1.5 billion of PMIER's capital credit and $2.7 billion of seeded risk, provided by our third-party CRT program, which currently covers 90% of our risk in-force. Turning now to capital allocation. we remain committed to our prioritization framework, which balances prudently investing to strengttheyn and differentiate our platform, maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet, and supporting our policyholders and returning capital to shareholders. I've already talked about Enact Re and our strong PMIER's position, which touch on tthey first two pillars. So, let me take a moment to speak to capital return. Yesterday, we announced that our board has approved a new $100 million share repurchase program. As with our prior program, Genworth will participate proportionately to ttheyir 81.6% ownership, ensuring ttheyir proportional ownership of Enact remains unchanged. We returned a total of $67 million to shareholders during tthey second quarter, consisting of our $26 million, or $0.16 per share quarterly dividend, which was increased 14% and share repurchases totaling $41 million. As of July 30, 2023, we have repurchased $71 million in stock and have $4 million remaining on our current $75 million share repurchase authorization. We are well-positioned to return capital to shareholders in 2023. And as Rohit mentioned, with a strong first half behind us, we are increasing our capital return guidance for tthey year to $300 million, up $50 million from 2022 levels through a combination of our quarterly dividend, share repurchases and a potential special dividend in tthey fourth quarter. In April, EMICO, our primary mortgage insurance operating company completed a distribution of $158 million that will be used to support our ability to return capital to shareholders and bolster financial flexibility. We had a strong quarter in an outstanding first half of 2023. We remain focused on prudently managing our risk, driving cost efficiencies and maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet while executing against our capital allocation strategy. With that, I'll turn it back to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Dean. We are very pleased with our results for tthey second quarter, delivering continued high-quality growth in our insured portfolio and strong return. Looking forward, we will continue to deploy capital in a manner that balances investment in tthey business, balance ttheyyet strength and distributions to our shareholders. Overall, we are well positioned to continue to serve our customers and ttheyir borrowers, grow our franctheire, and deliver strong performance and value creation for our shareholders. Finally, I'd like to thank our talented team for ttheyir commitment and for driving us forward. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Mihir Bhatia Hey. good morning and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to start with competitive intensity in tthey industry right now. wtheyn I look at tthey market share numbers quarter-over-quarter. And I understand you don't manage tthey business by market share, but I guess tthey question on tthey competitive intensity is wtheyn you look at your market share numbers or tthey growth, you're seeing versus tthey growth some of tthey competitors are seeing. ttheir quarter, I think you've had of tthey companies that I've reported, tthey lowest increase in quarter over quarter origination, suggesting you may be lost a little bit of market share. Now, like I said, I understand you don't manage tthey business from a market share perspective, but what does that tell you about tthey competitive intensity or tthey pricing that ottheyrs are doing? Is it driven by pricing? Is it that ottheyrs are pricing more aggressively? Maybe, just talk about that in general, what you're seeing in tthey pricing environment, how people are responding, tthey changes in pricing? Is pricing getting better, or getting worse? What's happening? Thank you. Rohit Gupta Good morning, Mihir and thanks for tthey question. As you stated, we have said in tthey past, market share is not a strategy for us. It's an outcome of our successful execution of our go-to-market strategy, wtheyre we talk about charging tthey right price for tthey right risk. So, I would start off just by saying we like tthey $15 billion of NIW that we wrote in tthey quarter and its profile from both pricing and credit mix perspective. Also, I think important to kind of emphasize, especially in ttheir environment, that we continue to see strong underwriting quality and credit policy, which is very much within our risk appetite. Now, market share right now is tough to calculate, because ttheyre are only three MI companies reporting and three to go. But from our perspective, we think of quarterly market share being volatile. And we have seen that over tthey last, I would say, three or so years, especially after all tthey MI companies move to opaque rate engines. It's just tthey volatility on quarterly market share has been higtheyr. And that could be driven by just tthey timing of pricing moves by different companies. It could also be driven by specific lenders that MI companies do business with, and who is growing and who is shrinking in tthey origination market. I think our focus continues to be that we have a good market position, and actually are writing product and new business at very good returns. As I also said, coming back to your question on pricing, I said in my prepared remarks that we saw pricing being constructive in tthey marketplace. And during tthey quarter, we saw pricing across tthey industry move up and we actually moved our pricing up on new insurance written given tthey economic uncertainty that's in front of us. So, I think that hopefully provides you color on how we think about intersection of pricing and our market position. Last thing I would say, obviously, market share numbers are not known, but our directional sense is that if you look at our trailing 12 months of market share last quarter, tthey quarter before while ttheyre has been quarterly volatility. That number is actually relatively stable and within a range that is very much aligned with how we think of our market participation, that diversity of our customer base and doing business with close to 1,800 active lenders. Mihir Bhatia Got it. Thanks for that. In terms of tthey origination market in general, I guess particularly, on tthey purchase side, wtheyre are you seeing particular growth or areas of strength, I mean, you called out a little bit of tthey economic uncertainty. So maybe, talk about just wtheyre you expect things to trend for tthey back half of tthey year? Thank you. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Mihir for tthey question. I would say, ttheir is a tough environment to predict mortgage originations. I think just given tthey volatility we have seen in 10 years, treasury yield and tthey spreads to mortgage rates makes it difficult to predict mortgage rates on an ongoing basis. And that in turn means that wtheyn you think about consumer behavior, consumers are very interested in buying homes. But between broader inflation ever-to-date home price appreciation and ttheyn now, higtheyr mortgage rates in 2023, I think consumer are just taking that step more carefully. I think what we are optimistic about is wtheyn you think of first-time homebuyers, we believe that ttheyre are more Americans coming to tthey age of being first-time homebuyers around tthey age of 33 to 36 in higtheyr numbers than we have seen in a decade. And ttheyn we also know that in terms of ttheyir propensity or ttheyir desire to buy a home that is still in place. So, wtheyttheyr those folks come to market ttheir month, ttheir quarter or next year, I think that aspect is tough to predict. Our estimate is that origination market size will still be -- purchase origination market size will still be meaningful material ttheir year. So, about $1.3-ish trillion is our general range for purchase originations market. Just to give you color on second quarter, we think second quarter did see that spring selling season. Obviously, we don't have final numbers, but our expectation is purchase market was up maybe 40%-ish over first quarter. Historical seasonality would be about 50% on that number. So, tthey seasonality is a little bit subdued with borrowers maybe holding back. What gives us more optimism is my point on first-time homebuyers will come to market and with tthey market dynamics, we are talking about MI being a very strong affordability tool for those borrowers. So, we still expect MI market size ttheir year to be in tthey $300 billion plus range, maybe slightly over $300 billion. And while it's lower than prior years, it's mostly purchase driven, which means it's not churning tthey book and still gives us reasonable size scale from a new insurance written perspective. Mihir Bhatia And my last question just on persistency. It seems to have leveled off around ttheir 85% area, I think 84% ttheir quarter. It's tthey right number to think of through tthey rest of ttheir year or really till we start seeing rates come down. Thank you. Dean Mitctheyll Yes, Mihir. it's Dean. Thanks for tthey question. Just for some context again, ttheir is for tthey broader market. Our higtheyst persistency is really in tthey high 80% and that happened for one quarter. So, we really think about 84% persistency in tthey quarter as remaining elevated on a theirtorical basis. I do think you saw tthey one-point decline sequentially in part by what Rohit just talked about tthey seasonality during tthey spring selling season, kind of like we've talked about wtheyre persistency is going to level out. It's hard to predict. We do have a combination of a large new book with very low interest rates coupled with a pretty dynamic rate environment that Rohit just referenced. It's obviously never going to be 100%. You got life events, job changes, theyalth issues, divorce and ottheyr things that do cause borrowers to pay off ttheyir mortgage. I guess, what I would say is our view maybe not as prescriptive, but our view is given that our insured portfolio has loans with mortgage rates kind of at or below tthey 6% level, and our expectation that mortgage rates remain elevated in tthey short term, we'd expect persistency to remain elevated in tthey near term. Wtheyttheyr that's 84%, 85%, 83%, hard to predict, but elevated relative to kind of theirtorical levels, Mihir. Mihir Bhatia Thank you. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Mihir. Operator One moment for your next question. And your next question comes from tthey line of Bose George with KBW. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hey. good morning, everyone. Ttheir is actually Alex on for Bose. Thank you for taking our questions. I have anottheyr question on pricing. I was wondering if you guys would be willing to discuss your thoughts on tthey durability surrounding tthey price increases, we've seen across tthey industry over tthey past year. And ttheyn maybe, to drill a little bit deeper, if we were to see tthey macro-outlook potentially improve, could tthey industry potentially give some of that pricing power back? Rohit Gupta Good morning, Alex and thank you for tthey question. I would say, tthey way we think about pricing is difficult to comment at an industry level. Every MI company has ttheyir own macroeconomic view, and ttheyir own view of returns and credit risk. I think our perspective is that we are still not past tthey point of economic uncertainty being gone. I think we see tthey balance in tthey market kind of tthey forces I described in my prepared remarks that on one hand, we are talking about consumers still having theyalthy balance ttheyyets, labor market being strong. On tthey ottheyr hand, we are talking about broader inflation still being ttheyre, elevated home prices from tthey last two, two and a half years and at tthey same time, higtheyr rates at ttheir point of time. And given what fed has done in terms of increasing rates, tthey effect of that on economy on consumer is a little bit lagged. So, we are still kind of expecting some volatility in tthey market or some uncertainty in tthey market. And as I said earlier, in my answer, we are increasing our price for that economic uncertainty. Depending on how that uncertainty plays out, we will adjust our pricing. So, if that leads to a scenario, wtheyre ttheyre is a short mild recession, ttheyn obviously, we did tthey right thing in terms of increasing price for those credit losses. And if you look back at COVID, we kept our prices elevated during tthey time of tthey COVID unemployment spike and ttheyn as unemployment came down, ttheyre was adjustment in price. So, I would just say that those are kind of tthey broad boundaries on how we think about pricing. But given kind of we are in a competitive market, I'm not going to describe kind of specific risk attributes or changes that we might make depending on how tthey market moves. Unidentified Analyst Great. Yes, that makes sense. And ttheyn maybe, a quick follow-up on Enact Re. Would you be willing to walk us through tthey benefits of seeding that I think it's 7.5% of tthey in-force business? And ttheyn is ttheyre a minimum capital requirement at enact Re as well? Dean Mitctheyll Yes, Alex. I'll take tthey first question as it relates to tthey benefit of tthey quota share. Our immediate business objective of Enact Re was really to gain access to tthey GSE's CRT market on attractive terms. Longer term, we'll look for ways to develop tthey broader platform for future growth. But in tthey immediate term, it's all about GSE's CRT market. And to accomplish that, we believe we needed an A- rating. As you know, tthey GSE's CRT capital standards are predicated on ratings, both capital and collateralization requirements. But tthey 7.5% quota share reinsurance allowed us to scale Enact Re to achieve those A- ratings, and ultimately was an enabler to provide that access to tthey GSE's CRT market again, on those attractive terms. So, I really think if you kind of look backwards, we were looking for ratings. Tthey quote we needed scale for tthey ratings and ultimately, tthey quota share transaction provided Enact re, tthey scale necessary to get an A.M. Best tthey A- rating. That's really tthey basis for tthey quota share reinsurance transaction, tthey affiliated quota share reinsurance transaction. Rohit Gupta And ttheyn from a minimum ratings perspective, let me start, and ttheyn Dean can ctheme in. I think, we don't think of Enact Re having like a single dimension of ratings framework. We actually think about four different ratings frameworks, and think of that as Bermuda Monetary Authority. As Dean just said, A.M. Best framework. Ttheyn, we have PMIERs, because we are seeding affiliate risk into tthey entity and we also intend to primarily focus on GSE credit risk transfer market. And ttheyn our internal view on top of it, which would be management capital eittheyr from an economic capital or a solvency capital perspective. So, we combine all those views togettheyr and ttheyn think about tthey capital needed. And I think Dean summarized it well that as you think about us launching ttheir entity, we are launching ttheir entity with a significant portion of tthey capital we contributed, supporting tthey affiliate quota share at inception with obviously forward funding some of tthey GSE CRT market. And as we move forward, we'll basically continue to look at that capital and our commercial success in tthey GSE CRT market to make sure that that entity has tthey right amount of capital. It is important to emphasize and we said it in our prepared remarks, that we structured ttheir entity in a very capital efficient way, both from PMIERs and from statutory policyholder surplus. So that allows us to actually achieve scale to Dean's point, achieve A- rating, write business on an accretive basis at attractive risk-adjusted returns, and ttheyn at tthey same time continue our balanced focus on return of capital to shareholders, which was evident with tthey announcements we made. Unidentified Analyst Great. that makes sense and thank you so much for taking our questions. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Alex. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks, Alex. Operator One moment for your next question. and tthey next question comes from tthey line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Richard Shane Thanks for taking my questions. Most have been asked and answered, but I'd love to talk a little bit about tthey cadence of tthey second quarter and implications as we move into tthey third. We did theyar that as we moved through tthey quarter, mortgage originations did slow month after month and I'm curious if that's what you saw, and if that's continued, I guess we are now in August so through July as well. Rohit Gupta Good morning, Rick and thanks for tthey question. in terms of ttheir goes back to my point on trying to predict origination market size ttheir year, I think, we are seeing consumer behavior being very well-aligned with two things; one is theirtorical seasonality that consumers buy more homes during tthey spring selling season. So, we are continuing to see that as I said in a previous response, that we saw an increase in purchase originations and we attribute that to seasonality and that consumer behavior. Tthey second thing is ttheyre is an aspect of consumers eittheyr coming to market or staying on tthey sidelines based on wtheyre mortgage rates are. I think ttheir is a little bit of unprecedented time that we see significant volatility month to month in 30-year mortgage rates by tthey fact that 10-year treasury yield is moving in a pretty wide band. And on top of it, we have a theirtorically high spread between 10-year treasury yield and 30-year mortgage almost standing between 270 basis points to 300 basis points. So, wtheyn you combine those two factors and you say like mortgage rates are let's say, 6.8%, at that point we generally see and we theyar from our customers wtheyn I've talked to CEOs of certain mortgage companies recently, ttheyy generally see higtheyr than 6.5% 30-year mortgage rate. It slows down activity between 6% to 6.5%, I think activity is a little bit stronger. and ttheyn anytime we are in tthey neighborhood of 6% for 30-year mortgage fixed rate or slightly below it, I think more and more consumers are coming to market and ttheyy see that as a deal. So, if you compare that to 2022, that's a net positive, because I think 2022 especially middle of 2022 was a year wtheyn people were seeing a sticker shock. Ttheyy were used to a 3% mortgage rate and ttheyy started seeing 6%. I think right now, a 6% is more well accepted in tthey market. but ttheyn tthey range around it kind of guides people's participation in tthey market. Hope that theylps. Richard Shane No. it's very theylpful. And just dimensionalizing it in that way makes a big difference. One ottheyr question, what was tthey PMIER's credit again, I know you'd mentioned I think you said $1.5 billion. Do you have it with precision? I just wasn't able to find it in tthey disclosures. Dean Mitctheyll Rick. Hey, it's Dean. It's actually in our QFS on page 14. I think it's 1.524, I can read my own handwriting. And it's tthey sum of PMIERs required asset credit down in tthey middle of page 14. Richard Shane Terrific. Thank you so much. Dean Mitctheyll We actually don't sum it. You'll have to do tthey math, I apologize for that. But it's tthey sum of that line. Richard Shane Hopefully, my excel will be able to pull it togettheyr for me. Thanks, Dean. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks, Rick. Operator One moment for your next question. And next question comes from tthey line of Eric Hagen with BTIG. Your line is now open. Eric Hagen Hey. thanks. Good morning. Maybe, following up on that actually really quickly, would you say that ttheyre are any thresholds you think about for your capital ratios, which could eittheyr lead to higtheyr or lower capital return than what you guys have guided to? Thanks. Rohit Gupta Eric, I think what we've talked about is given tthey ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty that we expect to hold PMIER's sufficiencies probably a little bit higtheyr than we would under maybe more normal times. We've talked about holding PMIER's sufficiencies at or north of 150%. I think if we think about PMIER's sufficiency over a longer-time period maybe, with tthey abatement of tthey macro uncertainty, we've talked about PMIER's levels pre-pandemic, which were closer to 140%. And so over a longer period of time as macroeconomic conditions maybe level off, that gives you a sense of wtheyre we might theyad with PMIER's sufficiency under different facts and circumstances, different macroeconomic environments. Dean Mitctheyll Yes. I would just add to that, Eric, that I think from a capital return perspective, you said what could lead for it to be higtheyr or lower? I think all our capital return guidance is obviously subject to regulatory approvals and macroeconomic conditions. So, we feel good about our results year-to-date. We've delivered very strong performance, as we said in our prepared remarks. But at tthey same time, we'll continue to keep an eye on tthey environment in terms of any regulatory changes, if that happens or any change in tthey economic environment, wtheyttheyr housing or broadly. But given tthey fact that we increased our guidance, we feel very good about tthey guidance we have given for tthey rest of tthey year. Eric Hagen Yes. that's theylpful. Thank you. Maybe, following up on tthey conversation around mortgage rates and such, I mean, if rates were to rally 50 basis points or 100 basis points from ttheyse levels, how much insurance do you think you can put back on your books in that scenario? And maybe, even more broadly, like do you have any perspective on how MI pricing would potentially behave in response to bigger rallies in interest rates, mortgage rates. Rohit Gupta And Eric, just to clarify, wtheyn you say rates were to rally anottheyr 50 basis points to 100 basis points, you are saying rates actually being higtheyr -- 30-year mortgage rates being higtheyr. Eric Hagen No, lower. Rohit Gupta Lower. Okay, perfect. So, I think if you look at recent months and times wtheyn we have actually seen mortgage rates come down to that range. So, let's say, 6% to 6.5% range, I think that does increase market participation. I will probably offset that expectation with a little bit of housing market dilemma that we have seen over tthey last year, which is lack of housing inventory. So, I think in an environment, wtheyre ttheyre are more buyers coming to market, but sellers are still not willing to sell ttheyir homes. And ttheir goes back to you love your mortgage and you hate your house that even if you actually want to upgrade your house, but you're in a 3% mortgage and you can't find anottheyr house in tthey market that's attractive to you, you might not actually sell your house. So, I think we have to work on that dynamic. I'm not sure if I can give you a rule of thumb on how much more business could come to market. We would expect purchase originations to be stronger in that scenario. That could be driven by a combination of some units being higtheyr. But if tthey supply market is tight, that could also lead to home prices rising again, which would essentially give us higtheyr new insurance written. in terms of how much more we can write or we are willing to write, as Dean pointed out earlier, we are operating with a very strong balance ttheyyet, with a very conservative balance ttheyyet, even at tthey holding company level. So, we feel comfortable that if tthey market size was to increase, we have ample capacity and we have ample ability to source third-party capital through reinsurance or insurance linked notes market that we could support a much higtheyr market size and a much higtheyr NIW on our books. Eric Hagen Right. That was theylpful. Thank you. Hey. did you guys say what tthey weighted average price was at which you bought back stock last quarter? Rohit Gupta We didn't say it. but since inception, Eric, we've bought back shares at $24.30 on that $71 million of share repurchases. Eric Hagen Yes. Great. Thank you, guys, very much. Rohit Gupta Thank you. Dean Mitctheyll Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling Partners. Your line is now open. Geoffrey Dunn Hi. Thank you. Good morning. It looks like we just got some static. Rohit Gupta Hey, Geoff. Geoffrey Dunn Given your commentary on pricing and tthey implication that if we're in a soft landing or normalized, it sounds like you might think pricing comes down. I'm curious if you think industry pricing was adequate for tthey environment a year ago. And so as we think about things going forward, if we are going into something that's more normal, do we go back to wtheyre we were a year ago, or do we only give part of that back, because maybe tthey industry was, on average, ctheyating a little too much for normalized credit? Rohit Gupta Good morning, Geoff and thank you for tthey question. So, let me kind of answer your question in two ways. First thing, a year ago, wtheyn we were writing new business, we did say that we found that business to be attractive in terms of returns. And we believe that we were writing that business above our cost of capital. I think at that point of time, our view of macroeconomic environment was different than today's macroeconomic environment. And let me just separate it into two broad buckets. First thing would be just risk-free rates. Our risk-free rates were a lot lower. And I'll just point you to early 2022. And ttheyn second thing would be our expectations in terms of unemployment, home prices and just tthey uncertainty in tthey environment. So at that point of time, using those assumptions, we were writing business at good returns. Now, as it turns out, conditions change a lot in tthey last 18 months or so. I think, looking forward, you have a very fair question that if we are in an environment, wtheyre we do end up with a soft landing. but at tthey same time, market rates, risk free rates are still higtheyr. I would expect that we would retain some of tthey price increases or most of tthey price increases, because our cost of capital would have moved up. So, even if tthey economic expectations are coming back to normal, I could see scenarios in which our pricing actually sustains at a higtheyr level. And that's how we think about it. Obviously, every MI company needs to think of ttheyir own frameworks, but we could see that pricing being sustained at a higtheyr level. Geoffrey Dunn That's theylpful. Thank you. Rohit Gupta You're welcome. Operator And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to Rohit Gupta. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Bella. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Enact and I look forward to seeing some of you in New York at tthey Barclays Global Financial Services Conference in September. Thank you, all. We'll wrap up tthey call theyre. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.