Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 2, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl - Vice President of Investor Relations Rohit Gupta - President and Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Bose George - KBW Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Mihir Bhatia - Bank of America Rick Shane - JP Morgan Ryan Gilbert - BTIG Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:03 Hello, and welcome to Enact's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. 00:11 I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your first speaker today, Daniel Kohl, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin. Daniel Kohl 00:31 Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our fourth quarter results before turning tthey call back to Rohit for some closing remarks. After prepared remarks, we will take your questions. 01:01 Tthey press release we issued after market close yesterday contains Enact's financial results for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Ttheir release and a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.ir.enactmi.com under tthey section marked Quarterly Results. 01:25 Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current assumptions, estimates, expectations and projections as of today's date that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. 01:55 For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release, as well as in our filings with tthey SEC, which are also available on our website. 02:08 Also, please keep in mind tthey press release, tthey quarterly financial supplement, and management's prepared remarks today includes certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our investor presentation, and our upcoming SEC filing on our website. 02:29 With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta 02:32 Thanks. Daniel. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. We delivered a very strong quarter and capped an excellent year for our company. 2021 was a transformational year for Enact, in which we achieved several significant milestones. 02:49 Most notable was our successful IPO in September, a major step forward that enhances multiple aspects of our business and will allow us to achieve our full potential as a company. We have already begun to see tthey benefits of ttheir transaction in just a few months since its completion with much more to come. 03:10 It was also a year in which we continue to execute on our cycle tested growth strategy, which has consistently driven prudent market share growth for Enact. Tthey result was some of tthey strongest performance in our theirtory. Our ability to pursue new business with existing and new customers was furttheyr strengttheyned by tthey upgrades we received from all three rating agencies following our IPO. 03:35 During tthey quarter, we reactivated our relationship with a key customer and we continue to deepen existing relationships and develop new ones. We furttheyr differentiated our value proposition and invested in areas such as machine learning, data analytics, and modeling to ensure customers receive an experience tailored to ttheyir needs. 03:57 Balance ttheyyet strength that enhances our financial flexibility has always been a hallmark of our strategy, and that remained tthey case in 2021. We continue to protect our balance ttheyyet by maintaining high standards for new business that properly balance risk and reward and executing on our acquire-manage-distribute model. 04:19 As of tthey end of tthey year, 92% of our risk in force was covered by credit risk transfers, and we ended tthey year with one of tthey higtheyst PMIERs buffers to publish standards in our theirtory. We also took anottheyr significant step forward on ttheir front with tthey announcement today of anottheyr approximately 300 million reinsurance transaction at attractive cost. 04:43 Additionally, we executed against our balanced capital allocation strategy, supporting our existing policy holders, investing in our growth, and returning capital to shareholders through tthey issuance of a special $200 million cash dividend in tthey fourth quarter, our first as a public company. Dean will have more to say about our future dividend plans in a few minutes. 05:08 Importantly, it was a year in which we once again fulfilled our mission of theylping homebuyers achieve ttheyir homeownership dreams. In 2021, we enabled 317,000 families to get into homes through purchase or refinance transactions and theylped anottheyr 35,000 families stay in ttheyir homes through tthey pandemic and its economic challenges. 05:32 We achieved ttheyse milestones in an environment that remains theyalthy and supportive. Robust demand for housing, a strong consumer balance ttheyyet, and low unemployment drove strong Insurance-In-Force growth up 9% in 2021. 05:48 Mortgage origination activity remained robust, fueled by strong home sales and refinancing and home prices continue to climb increasing our average loan amount on new insurance written to 305,000 for tthey year. 06:04 Turning to some of tthey highlights for tthey year. Our performance against key metrics was tthey strongest in our theirtory. We delivered adjusted operating income of $551 million or $3.38 per diluted share, compared to $373 million or $2.29 per diluted share in 2020. 06:26 Adjusting for interest expense related to our 2020 debt issuance, ttheir is tthey higtheyst adjusted operating income we have ever achieved, reflecting growth in our Insurance-In-Force as we continue to write large new books, as well as lower delinquencies as a result of tthey ongoing economic recovery and prudent expense management. 06:46 Insurance-In-Force for tthey year rose to a record $227 billion, while new insurance written was $97 billion. We are committed to building our book with high quality and prudently priced business. We did so throughout 2021 with new business pricing yielding low-to-mid-teens returns. 07:08 A key aspect of our success has been tthey continued execution of our risk management and pricing strategy and commitment to operational excellence, particularly throughout tthey pandemic. 07:19 Driven by higtheyr cure rates and a delinquency rate that has improved from 5% at tthey end of 2020 to 2.6% today. Our loss ratio ended tthey year at 13%. We continue to maintain a high quality risk profile in our portfolio, with a weighted average FICO at year-end of 741, an average loan to value ratio of 93% and a declining layered risk concentration of 1.6%. 07:50 As I mentioned, maintaining tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet is a key strategic priority. Driven by our credit risk transfer program, our sufficiency to PMIERs publittheyyd standards was $2 billion or 165% at year-end, enhancing our flexibility to pursue our capital allocation goals, including returning capital to shareholders. 08:13 Before I turn it over to Dean, let me take a minute to speak about what we see for tthey business going forward. With record Insurance-In-Force and a strong balance ttheyyet, we feel very good about our growth prospects in 2022 and beyond as we build on tthey success of 2021. 08:31 Demographic trends and industry fundamentals are strong tailwinds and we continue to see robust demand for housing. As an insurance provider with scaled Insurance-In-Force, we should benefit from modestly increasing interest rates and lower refinance activity as we expect tthey net result to be higtheyr persistency offsetting any declines in new originations. Ttheir in turn should drive continued Insurance-In-Force growth. 08:58 Against ttheir backdrop, we remain committed to executing against our growth strategy, writing new business above tthey cost of capital, furttheyr enhancing our relationships, protecting our balance ttheyyet to tthey continued execution of our credit risk transfer strategy, investing in tthey solutions that provide differentiated value to our customers, and strengttheyn our competitive position and ultimately generating value for our shareholders. 09:24 And we will continue to take advantage of tthey benefits of our IPO, including a stronger competitive position realizing tthey full power of our brand and enhanced financial flexibility. 09:36 I will now turn tthey call over to Dean to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year performance in more detail. Dean Mitctheyll 09:43 Thanks, Rohit, and good morning, everyone. As Rohit mentioned, we delivered anottheyr very strong quarter of financial results that concluded a strong 2021. GAAP net income for tthey fourth quarter was $154 million or $0.94 per diluted share, as compared to $0.84 per diluted share in tthey third quarter of 2021 and $0.56 per diluted share in tthey same period last year. 10:06 Adjusted operating income was $154 million or $0.94 per diluted share in tthey quarter, as compared to $0.84 per diluted share in tthey third quarter of 2021 and $0.57 per diluted share in tthey same period last year. For tthey full-year, GAAP net income was $547 million or $3.36 per diluted share, compared to $370 million or $2.27 per diluted share in 2020. 10:34 Adjusted operating income for 2021 totaled $551 million or $3.38 per diluted share, compared to $373 million or $2.29 per diluted share in 2020. 10:49 In terms of key revenue drivers, New insurance written was $21 billion for tthey quarter, down sequentially from $24 billion, driven by lower estimated mortgage originations. New insurance written for purchase transactions made up 90% of our total NIW in tthey quarter, up from 88% last quarter. 11:09 In addition, monthly payment policies represented 91% of our New insurance written in tthey quarter, as compared to 90% last quarter. Record Insurance-In-Force of $227 billion increased 2% from tthey third quarter levels and 9% from tthey fourth quarter a year ago. Tthey year-over-year increase was primarily driven by New insurance written, partially offset by theirtorically low persistency of 62%, which continues to improve as market conditions normalize. 11:40 As of tthey fourth quarter, our 2020 and 2021 book years represented over 70% of our total Insurance-In-Force, reflecting both tthey large market opportunity and tthey commercial success we've had in consecutive years. At tthey same time, ttheyse newest book years reflect a strong credit profile and attractive pricing, which we would expect to positively contribute to our future profitability and return profiles. 12:06 Risk in force at year end was 56.9 billion, up from 55.9 billion last quarter and up from 52.5 billion in tthey fourth quarter 2020, primarily as a result of our growing insurance portfolio. 12:21 Persistency for tthey quarter was 69%, up from 65% last quarter and 57% in tthey same period last year. Tthey increase in persistency was primarily driven by an uptick in mortgage rates and a continued decline in tthey percentage of our in-force policies with mortgage rates above current market rates. 12:43 Total revenues for tthey year were up 1% year-over-year ending at approximately $1.1 billion for 2021. Revenues for tthey quarter were $273 million, compared to $280 million last quarter and $286 million in tthey same period last year. 13:01 Net premiums earned were $237 million, down 6% year-over-year and down 3% compared to tthey prior quarter, driven by lower single premium cancellations as persistency increased and single product concentration decreased to 13% of our portfolio, and tthey lapsing of older higtheyr priced policies as compared to our new insurance written, which was partially offset by growth of our Insurance-In-Force. 13:28 In addition, tthey decrease in net premiums earned year-over-year was also driven by higtheyr ceded premiums in tthey current quarter, from tthey expanded use of our credit risk transfer program. 13:37 Our net premium rate of 42.2 basis points was down 1.9 basis points sequentially and 6.6 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by tthey same combination of lower single premium cancellations, higtheyr ceded premiums, and tthey lapsing of older higtheyr priced policies as compared to our New insurance written. 13:58 Importantly, tthey current market conditions and underwriting conditions as well, including tthey mortgage insurance pricing environment is within our risk adjusted return appetite, enabling us to write new business at attractive low-to-mid teen returns. 14:15 Investment income for tthey fourth quarter was $35 million in-line with tthey year ago, primarily as tthey larger portfolio was offset by lower investment yields. For tthey year, investment income totaled $141 million. 14:30 Turning to losses, losses in tthey quarter were $6 million, as compared to $34 million last quarter, and $89 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Tthey sequential change in losses was driven by $32 million of favorable reserve development in tthey current quarter on pre-COVID-related delinquencies, partially offset by higtheyr new delinquencies. 14:51 New delinquencies in tthey quarter of approximately 8,300 were up approximately 900 sequentially, from 7,400 last quarter and include an increase in delinquencies from natural disasters in FEMA-impacted areas in addition to new delinquencies from our new large books that are aging and going through ttheyir normal loss development pattern as expected. 15:15 Tthey year-over-year decline in losses was driven by tthey current quarter favorable reserve development and approximately 30% lower new delinquencies as tthey economy continues to improve from tthey pandemic. Additionally, tthey fourth quarter of 2020 also included 37 million of reserve strengttheyning. For tthey year, losses were $125 million, compared to $380 million in 2020. 15:41 Our fourth quarter total delinquencies of approximately 24,800 and tthey associated delinquency rate of 2.6% reflects 6 consecutive quarters of improvement in both measures, driven by tthey continuation of cures outpacing new delinquencies. Cures in tthey quarter of approximately 11,900 increased modestly as compared to tthey prior quarter and represented 144% cure ratio, as compared to new delinquencies in tthey quarter. 16:10 Ttheir quarter, 29% of new delinquencies were subject to a forbearance plan, which continues to decline from tthey peak of approximately 80% last year as tthey economy recovers. 16:21 For tthey quarter, our new delinquency rate of 0.9% is consistent with pre-pandemic levels of development and indicative of tthey ongoing recovery. Our claim rate on new delinquencies for tthey quarter was 8% consistent with tthey claim rate for new delinquencies throughout 2021. 16:40 Turning to our [ever-to-date cure performance] [ph] of COVID-19 new delinquencies were those new delinquencies since April of 2020. To date, approximately 92%, 88%, and 84% of delinquencies from tthey second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020 respectively have now cured. Ttheyse cumulative cure rates have continued to increase through time as borrowers reach completion of ttheyir forbearance plan terms and are nearing ttheyir original estimated claim rate expectation. 17:11 We continue to assess tthey resolution of COVID-19 delinquencies with a focus on tthey approximately 41% of our delinquencies subject to a forbearance plan as we consider tthey appropriate of our loss reserves over time. At present, our loss reserves reflect our best estimate of ultimate claims on our total delinquencies. 17:31 Tthey embedded equity position of our delinquent policies remain substantial with approximately 98% of our delinquencies as of year-end having an estimated 10% or more mark to market equity using an index-based house price assessment. As I've noted in tthey past, ttheir can serve as a potential mitigate, both to tthey frequency of claims and tthey potential future loss for delinquencies that ultimately progress to claim. 17:57 Turning to expenses, operating expenses for tthey quarter were $59 million and tthey expense ratio was 25% in tthey quarter as compared to $59 million and 24% respectively in tthey third quarter of 2021. Operating expenses were $246 million for tthey full-year, up 4% year-over-year and in-line with our expectations. 18:20 Now, let me take a minute to talk about how we're thinking about operating expenses in 2022 as ttheyre are few puts and takes. Our ongoing efforts to drive operational efficiency in our shared services agreement with Genworth should serve to decrease our costs, including corporate overtheyad over time. 18:38 In addition, our run rate will also benefit from tthey non-recurrence of costs related to tthey preparation of our IPO. At tthey same time, and as we've discussed previously, we will incur incremental expenses related to standing up public company activities. Taken togettheyr, we expect operating expenses to decline to approximately $240 million in 2022. 19:02 Turning to capital and liquidity, as Rohit mentioned, we are committed to maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet aligned with our investment grade ratings. Our PMIERs sufficiency decreased sequentially to 165% or approximately 2 billion above tthey publittheyyd PMIERs requirements. That compares to 181% or 2.3 billion in tthey third quarter of 2021. Ttheir decline was driven in large part by tthey execution of our 200 million dividend to shareholders in tthey quarter. 19:29 In addition, our PMIERs sufficiency decline was impacted by our significant level of NIW in tthey quarter, and tthey amortization of our existing reinsurance transactions, which were partially offset by elevated lapse from prevailing low interest rates, strong business cash flows, and lower delinquencies. 19:47 At year-end, we had approximately 1.4 billion of PMIERs capital credit and approximately 1.6 billion of loss coverage protection provided by our credit risk transfer program, which provides cost efficient PMIERs capital and reduces future loss volatility by ceding risk to traditional reinsurers and tthey capital markets. 20:06 Our PMIERs sufficiency includes tthey benefit of tthey 30% multiplier for COVID-19 related delinquencies, which reduced PMIERs sufficiency required assets by about 390 million before giving effect to reinsurance benefits. Tthey benefit from tthey 30% multiplier has declined over time as more COVID-19 related delinquencies resolve in cure. 20:29 In addition, in January of ttheir year, we executed an excessive loss reinsurance transaction with a panel of reinsurers, which provides approximately 300 million of forward reinsurance coverage on a portion of our mortgage insurance policies written during 2022. 20:46 Beyond bolstering our future PMIERs sufficiency at an attractive cost, ttheir execution reflects our programmatic approach to tthey distribution of risk, diversification of sources of credit risk transfer program, and acquiring coverage in advance of tthey origination of our next book year. 21:02 For tthey year, we executed approximately 1.4 billion of incremental credit risk transfer transactions and since tthey program's inception in 2015, we've executed approximately 3.8 billion of aggregate credit risk transfer transactions, which provide both cost efficient capital and loss volatility protection. 21:24 Turning to our balance ttheyyet more broadly, at year-end, our GAAP equity was 4.1 billion, invested assets totaled 5.3 billion, cash and cash equivalents were approximately 426 million, long-term debt was 740 million, and our debt-to-capital ratio was a conservative 15%. Combined with our PMIERs sufficiency levels, ttheyse metrics continue to demonstrate while we're confident in tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet to support our business. 21:55 Moving to capital allocation, we will continue to pursue a balanced approach that maintains a strong balance ttheyyet, [pursues] [ph] investments to enhance our differentiation and growth potential and returns excess capital to shareholders. As I mentioned earlier, we delivered a key commitment and executed a special $200 million cash dividend to shareholders during tthey quarter. 22:17 Returning capital to shareholders, balanced with our gross and risk management priorities, remains a key commitment for Enact as we look to drive shareholder value through time. On ttheir front, we're in tthey process of evaluating our capital return objectives for 2022, which includes an assessment of holding company liquidity and financial flexibility. 22:38 We expect a component of our capital return plan to include tthey initiation of a regular common dividend around mid-year ttheir year. In addition to ttheir dividend, we'll continue to evaluate tthey potential for an incremental return of capital later in 2022, based on our ongoing business performance and a review of tthey macroeconomic conditions and regulatory landscape. 23:00 With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta 23:04 Thanks, Dean. All-in-all, a very strong finish to a transformational year. We executed on our strategy, took tthey next step in our growth journey through our successful IPO, and generated value for our shareholders. 23:18 I'd like to thank each and every member of tthey Enact team for ttheyir contributions to our great performance. We enter 2022 well positioned for continued success. Tthey housing market remains strong, consumer credit remains theyalthy, and we continue to see solid demand, particularly among first time homebuyers. 23:39 We are incredibly proud of our role in theylping families achieve homeownership and creating a path to build wealth. In 2021, we made it possible for 317,000 homebuyers who ottheyrwise might not have to qualify for a mortgage to achieve ttheyir dreams of homeownership. At tthey same time, we worked hard to keep people in ttheyir homes, achieving cure and forbearance resolution rates that both reactheyd record highs. 24:07 We remain committed to working with Capitol Hill, tthey administration, great groups, and consumer advocates to drive solutions that increase tthey accessibility, affordability, and sustainability of homeownership. 24:20 We are now ready to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator 24:25 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Doug Harter 24:39 Thanks. Just hoping to get a little bit more on tthey premium yield. I guess, any color or clarity as to kind of wtheyre and wtheyn we might see some bottoming out of tthey premium yield? Dean Mitctheyll 24:57 Hey Doug. Hey it’s Dean, thanks for tthey question. In terms of premium yield, I think tthey drivers of base in that premium rate are consistent to what we talked about last quarter. Quite honestly, if we focus on base premium rate, tthey decline of 1.2 basis points is impacted by tthey elevated lapsing of older higtheyr priced policies relative to our New insurance written, which is at lower pricing, coupled with tthey fact that our most recent book years are becoming a bigger percentage of our overall portfolio, kind of focusing on tthey 2020 and 2021 book year concentration. 25:36 I do think it's important to know that wtheyn you think about base rate, it can fluctuate in tthey near-term. So, if you look at, specifically Slide 12 of our investor presentation and look at that table on tthey top right hand side, over tthey last six quarters, you're going to notice some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter, as tthey base rate is impacted by a lot of different factors: lapse, and which cohort is lapsing, New insurance written, tthey purchase refi mix, credit mix, and tthey like. 26:10 So, I do think in tthey short-term, we do see some lumpiness and I think it's exhibited on that time series on Slide 12. From an net premium rate perspective – go atheyad Doug. Doug Harter 26:23 Yes, I guess, just curious of any color you could give us as to kind of wtheyre tthey rate is on New insurance written, kind of for 2021 or tthey most recent quarter, how that would compare to tthey in-force yield? Just to get a sense as to kind of wtheyn or much more of that lapsing of higtheyr cost policies ttheyre is to kind of to happen? Rohit Gupta 26:48 Good morning, Doug. Ttheir is Rohit. So, I would say, it's difficult to provide guidance on premiums rate. On an NIW basis, we are in a competitive market and it's tough to provide guidance while we are executing on our strategy. I would just like to maybe add two things to what Dean said, first thing, wtheyn we look at our base premium rate or net premium rate, ttheyre is choppiness in that metric and it can fluctuate in tthey near term. 27:11 So, we do think about ttheir metric on a longer-term basis. And we do believe that we work to ensure that we are driving compelling returns for our investors over time. If you look at our net premium rate in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, it generated a 14.8% return in tthey quarter and 13.8% return for tthey year, and our NIW pricing level as we have stated in tthey past remains attractive and consistent with low-to-mid teen returns as we have previously referenced. 27:39 Now coming back to your question on NIW pricing, I would say, we continue to see tthey pricing as constructive in tthey market. We did see some stabilizing of pricing in tthey market in fourth quarter, and one thing that I always like to remind our investors is, a theyalthy MI industry dynamic has enabled us to continue to write new business in a large market at attractive returns. 28:01 So, think about tthey $97 billion of New insurance written we added in 2021 at those theyalthy returns. Beyond that, it's tough to comment on any specific pricing levels. Doug Harter 28:15 Thank you. Rohit Gupta 28:18 Thank you. Operator 28:20 Thank you. Our next question comes from Bose George with KBW. Your line is open. Bose George 28:25 Yes. Good morning. Actually, first, just tthey percentage of NIW with DTI over 45% have increased, it looks like it's 23% now. So, it's back, kind of tthey higtheyst pre-COVID. Just curious what's driving that and any changes in terms of your views on credit or just any ottheyr color on that would be great. Rohit Gupta 28:44 Sure. Bose. Ttheir is Rohit. Good morning. Ttheyre are a few things driving ttheir. And I would say, to start off you're thinking about tthey shift in origination market that's happening as we continue to see a burn-out of refinance population, we saw that happen in 2021. For tthey entire year, I believe, tthey purchase portion of tthey market is up from 39% in 2020 to 43% in 2021. And purchased loans generally come with slightly higtheyr risk attributes that means slightly higtheyr debt-to-income ratios, higtheyr loan to value, and also more mid- FICOs. 29:18 So that's kind of one macro factor driving debt-to-income ratios along with LTVs and FICOs. Second thing from our perspective, tthey mix and profitability of tthey business we are writing is in line with our expectations and our risk appetite. 29:34 We have mentioned ttheir before that while we monitor single dimension risk elements, all ttheyse attributes, our focus is truly on managing layered risk. We also focus on tthey price we receive for tthey risk and evaluate it against expected and stress cases. So, based on that mindset, we are very comfortable with tthey risk-adjusted returns on tthey new production we are writing. 29:56 And I would point out that tthey level at which we are writing our mix is very aligned with tthey last purchase market. So, think about 2018 to early 2020, and tthey amount of layered risk in our business is extremely low. We actually disclosed our layered risk in one of our earnings presentation slides, I believe it’s Slide 10. And layered risk is at 1.6% and you might remember that ttheir number was higtheyr than ttheir in first quarter and second quarter of 2021. So, it's actually on a declining trend. Bose George 30:27 Okay, great. That's very theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn actually just going back to tthey ROE discussion, how do you treat like a normalized PMIERs excess wtheyn you talk about ROEs? Obviously, right now, you've got a lot of PMIERs excess, so is ttheyre like a normalized number that you kind of think about wtheyn you think about that ROE range you're targeting? Rohit Gupta  30:47 Yes. So, I think Bose, very good question. I think wtheyn we think about our pricing, wtheyn we are talking about mid-to-low-teen returns, that is our conditional pricing view on a gross basis, I would say. So that takes current and future market expectations into account from premiums, as well as lapse and losses. And ttheyn, wtheyn we get to tthey capital line, it actually takes PMIERs into accounts, and we do have a view of economic capital, which is our internal view and a lot more granular than PMIERs and we use that economic [capital view] [ph] to kind of almost think of that as an accelerator or a break in terms of certainty of delivering economic returns. 31:24 So from a gross capital perspective, we are not looking at PMIERs buffer, we are not looking at benefit of reinsurance or [indiscernible] transactions in terms of cost of capital. Wtheyn we talk about our economic returns, obviously, our 165% PMIERs buffer, a cost of that buffer, tthey capital in our balance ttheyyet is all aligned with that return. 31:46 And as we have stated in tthey past, we generally see currently tthey market expectations on that PMIERs buffer in that 140%, 150% range. In a pre-pandemic time that number was in that 143% to 149% range for Q4 2019 and Q1 2020. So, we still think that in tthey near term, that is tthey right expectation as we see cure activity from COVID delinquencies, as well as economy getting back to normal. 32:13 We would reevaluate that number and look at different considerations, including rating agencies, GSE expectations, customer expectations, and ttheyn make a determination on what's tthey right level for our business. Bose George 32:28 Okay, great. Thank you. Rohit Gupta 32:31 Thank you. Operator 32:33 Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn 32:38 Thanks. Good morning. Rohit Gupta 32:41Good morning, Geoff. Geoffrey Dunn 32:42 Dean, I want to follow-up on your commentary on capital management. Wtheyn you consider augmenting your plans for introducing a common dividend with special dividends, do you think special dividends will be an annual consideration or could that be a semi-annual review? Dean Mitctheyll 33:00 It's a good question. Geoff, appreciate that. I think, obviously as we pivot to tthey initiation of a regular common dividend we're thinking about that on a quarterly basis. I think wtheyn we think in special dividend terms, it will be packed in circumstances driven. 33:22 I can see that being driven on a semi-annual basis if tthey business conditions, tthey microeconomic environment are accommodating for a semi-annual, I think at ttheir point in time, specifically for 2022, we're thinking more on an annual basis than semi-annual basis. Again, being driven by what we see is tthey facts and circumstances of tthey ongoing recovery and with tthey lingering effects of tthey pandemic. Geoffrey Dunn 33:50 Okay, great. Thank you. Dean Mitctheyll 33:52 You're welcome. Operator 33:56 Thank you. Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Your line is open. Rohit Gupta 34:03 Good morning, Mihir. Mihir Bhatia 34:04 Good morning. Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Tthey first question, actually, maybe just going back to premium yield for a second, I understand tthey difficulty in forecasting it, but maybe just on tthey ceded premium line, given tthey [ILMs] [ph] that have just taken place. Maybe just theylp us with that one at least with tthey proportion and tthey cost of reinsurance materially or I guess, different than what it has been in tthey past, right? So, like, you know, it didn’t [indiscernible] about 3 million, it looks 3 basis points pullback on tthey – from gross to net, will that be increasing just given more of your business and being laid-off, which again could be a good thing, right, that you are laying off risk, but I just want to make sure from a forecasting standpoint point we – and a net premium yield standpoint, we think about that correctly? Dean Mitctheyll 34:52 In theyre – thanks for tthey question. I think tthey cost of our CRT coverage is generally in tthey low-to-middle single-digits cost of capital from our perspective. I think cost is, again, kind of conditional in tthey reinsurance market. Certainly we saw an uptick in tthey cost of coverage at tthey theyight of tthey pandemic. 35:18 Since that time, ttheyre's been a general downward recovery in cost of capital. I think we're generally back to a normal functioning credit risk transfer market. And again, I think pricing is conditional based on business conditions at tthey time you're securing coverage. I think what we see now is our cost generally in line with our theirtorical costs and kind of that low-to-mid single-digit cost of capital. 35:49 I do think, just one point, as you think about, so that's tthey rate side of tthey equation. On tthey volume side of tthey equation, we ended tthey quarter at a 31% operating leverage. So, tthey amount of CRT that's covering our required PMIERs – PMIERs requirements, I think we do target a higtheyr level generally in tthey, kind of mid-30% level. So, you could see tthey leverage of credit risk transfer go up prospectively as we continue to optimize tthey use of our credit risk transfer program. Mihir Bhatia 36:29 Understood. Thank you. Just maybe going back to Slide 13 for a second, I just want to make sure we are understanding ttheir correctly. I guess tthey first question is, can you remind us, did you disclose your original claim rate estimation on, like you know, back in 2Q and 3Q 2020? Dean Mitctheyll 36:48 Yes, we did Mihir. So, for calendar year 2020 we had a 7% claim rate expectation on COVID-related delinquencies. That did tick-up to 8% in calendar year 2021 as tthey mix between forbearance and non-forbearance shifted towards non-forbearance as you can kind of see on tthey right hand side of that chart. Mihir Bhatia 37:15 Right. So, maybe – staying on that 2020 for a second, I just wanted to make sure we understand, like, you know tthey impact of ttheir Cumulative cure rates of 92%. So, I guess 7% claim rate would imply [92%] [ph] cure rate, tthey largest bucket in 2020 and approaching that, is that tthey right way to think about timing of reserve releases is going to be in-part driven by making – you’ve also had good home prices appreciation, we're clearly seeing so good momentum. I think all those cure rates are up 6%, 7% quarter-over-quarter cumulative cure rates. 37:47 So, what I want to make sure I understand is, are we close to potentially and I understand your reserves today reflect your best view of losses of tthey portfolio, but if tthey part on cure rates continues and you continue to see improvement in those cumulative cure rates, is 93% some kind of magic trigger or something wtheyre like once you pass that 93% hurdle, you’re probably more likely to do some reserve releases are, [we’re thinking] [ph] about that wrong? Dean Mitctheyll 38:16 No, I think you're in tthey right framework. I think, you know much like you indicated, we're encouraged by tthey cure rates on COVID-related delinquencies to date. I do think that needs to be tempered by, you know we do recognize tthey ongoing unpredictability of tthey pandemic. So, we do have, you know what I would consider kind of a prudent wait and see type approach to tthey ultimate resolution of forbearance-related delinquencies. 38:49 While on ttheir page Mihir, we do show quarterly cohorts, and really as a demonstration of progress to date, we're managing reserves more in tthey aggregate. So, across tthey entire delinquent inventory. And so, in that, looking at through that lens, we think it's prudent to kind of take up that more wait and see approach for ultimate resolutions. 39:14 And so, I think you're right that if in aggregate, we progress on tthey 2020 cohort towards that 93% cure rate, that would be an important trigger for us, but I wouldn't think about it cohort by cohort, I’d think about it more across tthey entirety of that delinquent population. Rohit Gupta  39:35 Yes. And Mihir I would just add to Dean’s point that as we think about ttheyse reserves, tthey traditional processes that we use to use for reserving are a little bit dislocated with tthey forbearance program, because traditionally, our reserves would be much more aligned with number of past payments due foreclosure starts. And as Dean said, all of those things were, kind of changed with 10 month forbearance program that triggers down to 12 months and ttheyn obviously foreclosure moratorium. 40:02 So as we think about reserves, we are trying to be prudent and confident that as we think about reserve adequacy we are confident in tthey cure activity. And we've seen that in ttheir pandemic that we felt good in early part of 2021 and ttheyn we saw Delta variant and ttheyn we felt good again and ttheyn we saw Omicron. So, I think that's just connecting tthey dots for you that we are just looking for a little bit more certainty because tthey last thing we would want to do is get optimistic and ttheyn get a surprise in tthey market. Mihir Bhatia 40:32 Right. That's fair. Thank you so much for taking tthey questions. Rohit Gupta 40:36 Thanks, Mihir. Operator 40:40 Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Rick Shane 40:45 Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Most have really been asked and answered, but just like to revisit tthey claims, and can you just talk a little bit about tthey interplay that you've seen in tthey last couple of quarters between frequency and severity? Because tthey severities have obviously been down fairly significantly in tthey second half of tthey year. What tthey implications are for 2022 and how that impacts your reserves? Dean Mitctheyll 41:21 Yes, I think – thanks Rick for tthey question, but I think what you see in our claims experience is really tthey disruption that Rohit referenced in tthey last question and answer. Certainly, cure activity from our perspective has been disrupted by tthey prevalence of forbearance that allows borrowers to remain, kind of in a delinquent state without any negative consequences from a credit reporting perspective for up to 18 months. And again, like we talked about last quarter, that 18 months can be extended as borrowers make certain of ttheyir payments even in forbearance and certain payments are considered inside or outside of forbearance. 42:05 So, you're seeing kind of even an elongation of that forbearance period beyond 18 months. And ttheyn in addition to that, you have tthey foreclosure moratorium that has really prevented any of ttheyse delinquencies going to claims. So, I think it's more a function of tthey disruption of what is a normal functioning delinquency process, delinquent to claim process. 42:33 Now, as that resolves Rick, I think ttheyn you'll start to see, from our perspective influx of cure activity, our belief still remains that forbearance allows borrowers to reestablish ttheyir financial footing and we'll cure at an elevated rate, but you will also see tthey ones that that progress ultimately through foreclosure and to claims start to pick up probably anottheyr 6 months to 12 months after that disruption unwinds. Rohit Gupta 43:10 Yes. And just two things to add ttheyre Rick. One thing on our quarterly financial supplement, wtheyn you look at our average claim paid, it does have a footnote that that claim paid number for third quarter and fourth quarter includes non-performing loan deals, which means we actually didn’t pay actual claims, it was a settlement with one of tthey GSE. 43:30 So that kind of artificially is pulling down tthey claim number. I would not read too much into that. And ttheyn second thing, on Dean’s point in terms of – they made ttheir point in their prepared remarks that we do have tthey benefit of home prices in front of our delinquencies, 98% of our delinquencies at tthey end of fourth quarter had at least 10% equity. 43:52 So, while that is not something that we are seeing in claims because we don't have that many claims, we are encouraged by that amount of equity on price appreciation in front of our delinquency base. Rick Shane 44:05 Okay, great. Lot of additional information ttheyre. It's very theylpful. One ottheyr thing, in looking at tthey investment portfolio, you had about 64 million of unrealized losses in tthey quarter, which is $0.35 to $0.40 of impact on book value. Obviously, wtheyn we look at tthey portfolio, sort of dive into a little bit it looks like your [long in duration] [ph], I am curious is ttheyre any thought of theydging some of that risk out as we enter a period of a much more [hawkish] [ph] ttheyre? Dean Mitctheyll 44:49 Yeah, Rick, so our unrealized gains came down quarter-over-quarter around tthey amount you talked about, about $60 million to $106 million at tthey end of tthey year. We have not discussed theydging uptick in interest rates and a potential corresponding decline in unrealized gains. That's not something that's been necessarily on our radar. We think more, we think more about our investment portfolio is maintaining a conservative position in our assets under management, maintaining liquidity, preserving capital, and ultimately in tthey, kind of tertiary pursuing optimal risk-adjusted returns on tthey portfolio, not necessarily protecting or locking in tthey unrealized gain position. Rohit Gupta  45:47 And I would say tthey duration of our portfolio is actually not that long. If you actually compare duration of our portfolio to our [peer set] [ph], we are more in line with our kind of liability matching under stress scenario. So, that is something that we definitely look at it Rick on a regular basis that are we getting paid for extending that duration, and if we have not, ttheyn we do not take that additional risk. Rick Shane  46:12 Okay, great. Thank you guys. Operator 46:16 Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Gilbert with BTIG. Your line is open. Ryan Gilbert 46:22 Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First one is on NIW, tthey number came in better than I expected in tthey quarter. And I'm wondering if you could break out to tthey extent that it's possible. Your NIW performance in tthey quarter between, as you said, reactivating a relationship with a key customer, doubling up with existing customers versus just tthey overall market. So, any details would be theylpful? Rohit Gupta  46:55 Thank you, Ryan. So, I would say given tthey confidentiality of our customer relationships, we would probably give too much information about tthey customer, but we believe that tthey reactivation of that key account after five years pause due to ratings sensitivity was a strong example that we are competing effectively in tthey market and unlocking our true value as a business, post ratings, post our IPO. 47:21 We have previously shared that that is a potential upside for us in terms of post-IPO competitiveness in tthey marketplace and having a full value proposition. As an example, we shared that key customer account reactivation, but in addition to that, we have reactivated and expanded a lot more than that relationship. And we thought it was theylpful to disclose that relationship specifically because we had talked about that during our IPO. 47:50 Broadly speaking, I would say from a market share perspective, it's tough to comment because we are tthey first MI company reporting at ttheir point, but we feel very good about our market position, and we are very confident in our long-term strategy to drive competitive position through our strong relationships, our differentiated solutions, and tthey increased strength of our competitive position post-IPO. 48:12 And I would also comment on tthey market side, which has less to do with market share, but given tthey shift in purchase –towards tthey purchase market, in 2021 and seems like that even in early 2022 that is very good for our business that while interest rates are rising, it seems like first-time home buyer demand is still very strong and that actually gives us some good tailwinds going into 2022 because MI industry is much more closely aligned to purchase market because out of every 100 purchase loans, we received 26 loans to 27 loans as MI might industry, wtheyreas out of every 100 refi loans, we received 3 to 4. 48:52 So, our refi concentration was already at 10% in 2021 and that could decline furttheyr, but tthey purchase market continues to be strong. So, wtheyn we look at NIW potential, we are still optimistic about 2022 and beyond. Ryan Gilbert 49:09 Okay, that's great. Thank you. My second question is on new delinquencies. It looks like ttheyy ticked up as a percentage of – on an absolute basis and as a percentage of policies in-force and I'm just wondering is that – do you think that's primarily just seasonality? Do you think that tthey new DQs are being driven by a new COVID variant or anything else that you want to call out on tthey new delinquency side? Dean Mitctheyll 49:37 Yeah, Ryan, new delinquencies are up about 900 quarter-over-quarter. So, I think it's important to frame tthey story, we're still talking about relatively small numbers, but we did give some attribution in tthey prepared remarks that tthey increase was driven by in-part increase from delinquencies from natural disaster, natural disasters in FEMA-impacted areas. So, think about Hurricane Ida in tthey Louisiana, think about California wildfires through August, September, and October. 50:14 And ttheyn in addition to those, we had more new delinquencies from our newest books. So, think 2020 and 2021 that are starting to begin ttheyir normal progression of tthey loss curve. Ttheyse books are continuing to perform very well. In fact ttheyy're performing better than pre-pandemic books at tthey same time and ttheyir aging, but ttheyy will continue to experience delinquency development as ttheyy age through ttheyir normal loss development pattern as expected. 50:42 So, those are really tthey two drivers of tthey 12% increase, but I think it’s important to note that that 12% increase is associated with just 900 new delinquencies. So, again, pretty small numbers. Ryan Gilbert 50:58 Right. Absolutely. Thanks very much for tthey time. I appreciate it. Dean Mitctheyll 51:01 Thanks, Ryan. Operator 51:05 Thank you. We have a follow-up from Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn 51:10 Thanks. Dean, I wanted to go back to tthey premium rate and think about tthey future volatility. Right now about 80% of your risk in force is from 2019 and after. So, ttheir mix shift issue should decline as that keeps going towards 100%, but you also mentioned, obviously ttheyre’s product mix shifts quarter-to-quarter for everybody. So, theirtorically, have you done tthey work wtheyre you see how much your base rate shifts any given quarter from product mix? Is ttheyre a range around that? And as we think about tthey vintage mix shift changing, at roughly what level of 2019 and after does tthey quarter-to-quarter development become more about what you're writing in that given quarter versus ttheir big vintage shift we've been dealing with for tthey last three, four years? Dean Mitctheyll 52:03 Yeah Geoff. Good question. I think it's extremely difficult for tthey reasons that we mentioned earlier to, kind of provide really specific guidance on base rate changes given tthey fact that it's – ttheyre's a lot of market driven items embedded in that metric, purchase refi mix credit composition, lapsing, tthey timing quantum and wtheyre that lapse is happening. So, I think from that perspective, we're not providing guidance given all tthey various market drivers embedded in that. 52:42 I do agree with tthey hypottheysis that over 70% of our portfolio is now comprised of tthey 2020 and 2021 book years, that leaves much less subject to lapse-driven rate dilution or tthey lapsing of older books, it’s just simply less older books to lapse today than ttheyre has been through tthey course of tthey last two years. 53:11 So, I think that is true that tthey book is starting to get to a position wtheyre lapse-driven rate dilution will start to [decay, burn-out] [ph] and have a lesser impact on changes in base premium rate prospectively. Geoffrey Dunn 53:31 All right. So, ignoring guidance, but theirtorically, obviously, we can't see it on apples-to-apples basis because ttheyre’s always been tthey rate card evolution and pricing changes, but on an apples-to-apples basis on tthey base rate, can simple product mix cause more than 100 basis point, 200 basis point move quarter to quarter? Dean Mitctheyll 53:51 I don't know that I can [dimension] [ph] it for you. I think it has a varied impact quarter-to-quarter. I think through time, dimensioning that would be a challenge at ttheir point in time, but we'll take a look at that through time. Again, I think quarter-to-quarter, that is maybe more variation due to tthey lump, due to all tthey various market drivers are embedded in that, but let us take a look through time and see if we can dimension that for you. Rohit Gupta  54:36 I think Geoff your question is in tthey right direction, and I don't think we have a quantitative answer to give, but I think, if you look at our previously disclosed numbers, you do see that volatility in our base rate quarters wtheyre it goes up and ttheyn it goes down while you would expect, like if everything was going based on just lapse driven dilution that it would go in one direction. 54:57 So, ttheyre is some volatility in that number, and if you just look at percentages, looking at third quarter 2020 onwards, it is like 140 basis points, 70 basis points in terms of base rate up down going in different directions. So, we will come back to you offline and see if we can find some rule of thumb looking at theirtory. Dean Mitctheyll 55:16 Yeah, my concern with tthey rule of thumb will be, some of tthey potential changes in tthey market prospectively, so, I think with tthey up-tick in interest rates, we would expect persistency to increase prospectively. That's going to have an effect on tthey magnitude of tthey changes. You're going to have a transition from a refi market to a purchase market. That's going to have an effect on tthey transition. 55:41 So, my concern is, ttheyre isn't a rule of thumb per se. And as we look theirtorically, I'm not sure that we'll be able to translate what has happened in tthey past to projected go forward, Geoff, but let us take a look and see [what would] [ph] come back with. Geoffrey Dunn 56:00 Yes, that would be [theylpful] [ph]. I mean, again, it's, I think tthey rule of thumb is dangerous, I agree with you. But I think we're still dominated by tthey vintage mix shift, because if you look at ttheir quarter, if for example, we saw your rate drop ttheir quarter, we're talking about vintage. Well, that would be contrary to seeing your 95 plus go up, your 45 DTI go up, and your singles coming down a little bit, and not necessarily getting as much of that first quarter amortization, but we're eventually going to get into that environment. And so directionally, we can assess tthey move in your rate. 56:32 And just trying to figure out wtheyre we get to that inflection point wtheyre it becomes about tthey business written in tthey quarter rattheyr than ttheir vintage-mix shift. Dean Mitctheyll 56:42 Appreciate tthey question. We don't – as Rohit mentioned, don't have a quantitative answer, but we’ll go back and take a look and go back and take a look to see, is it applicable prospectively, which I think is also an open question. Geoffrey Dunn 56:55 Great. Thanks. Dean Mitctheyll 56:57 Thanks Geoff. Rohit Gupta 56:58 Thank you. Operator 57:00 Thank you. And I'm showing no ottheyr questions in tthey queue. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Rohit Gupta for closing remarks. Rohit Gupta 57:07 Thank you, [Ronald] [ph], and thank you all. We appreciate your interest in Enact, and we look forward to working with you throughout ttheir year. Thank you. We'll wrap up tthey call theyre. Operator 57:17 Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.