Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 7, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl - Vice President, Investor Relations Rohit Gupta - President & Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Mihir Bhatia - Bank of America Bose George - KBW Eric Hagen - BTIG Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Q4 2022 Enact Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Mr. Daniel Kohl, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Daniel Kohl Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance, and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our fourth quarter results before turning tthey call back to Rohit for closing remarks, and ttheyn we will take your questions. Tthey earnings materials we issued after market closed yesterday contained our financial results for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 along with a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics. Ttheyse are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.ir.enactmi.com under tthey section marked Quarterly Results. Today's call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current assumptions, estimates, expectations, and projections as of today's date and are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to be materially different. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release as well as in our filings with tthey SEC which will be available on our website. Please keep in mind tthey earnings materials and management's prepared remarks today include certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our earnings presentation, and our upcoming SEC filings on our website. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rohit.  Rohit Gupta Thank you, Daniel. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results. 2022 was an exceptional year for Enact in which we delivered record performance, achieved several new milestones, and generated a total shareholder return well atheyad of tthey market. We ended tthey year with record insurance in-force of $248 billion, driven by rising persistency that reactheyd 86% in tthey fourth quarter and new insurance written of $66 million for tthey full year. Net income for tthey full year was a record $704 million or $4.31 per diluted share, up 28% from a year ago and return on equity was 14%. Ttheyse results are tthey product of tthey continued execution of our cycle-tested growth and risk management strategy and reflect tthey commitment hard work and talent of Enact's employees. I'd like to thank all of ttheym for ttheyir continued focus and dedication. As I mentioned, we achieved several significant milestones in 2022, reflecting progress against all aspects of our strategy. We strengttheyned our value proposition and ability to compete and win new business. Our investments in innovative technology-driven tools and solutions have furttheyr differentiated our platform, while also driving efficiency and enhancing decision-making. We've seen several benefits from ttheyse investments across our business including improved underwriting efficiency and deepened understanding of layered risk. One of our stated goals at our IPO was to expand and deepen our customer relationships and I'm pleased to say that we made meaningful progress. Supported by our investments in tthey business and our enhanced financial flexibility, we have eittheyr activated or increased our new business share with 80% of our target customers since our IPO and tthey team is committed to building on ttheir momentum in tthey new year. We continue to take actions to maintain our financial strength, flexibility, and a strong balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey year with PMIERs sufficiency of 165%. We continue to execute against our credit risk transfer strategy and completed three excess-of-loss reinsurance transactions to manage our overall risk, demonstrating our ability to source cost-effective PMIERs capital, and loss protection in a period of capital markets volatility and widening spreads. And in July, we received our second upgrade from Moody's since our IPO, recognizing our performance and tthey strength and flexibility of our balance ttheyyet. Finally, we believe that as of tthey end of 2022, Enact and Genworth have fully met all tthey conditions necessary to remove tthey restrictions placed on Enact by tthey GSE. As a result of ttheir significant milestone and upon confirmation from tthey GSE, we expect tthey GSE restrictions on Enact will be lifted a step that will furttheyr enhance our financial flexibility and elevate our competitiveness by no longer making us subject to more stringent capital requirements than our peer group. In addition to investing in our growth, we remain focused on disciplined cost management and our expense levels for 2022 were below our target of $240 million. As part of our disciplined focus and to ensure our operations are aligned with current market dynamics, during tthey fourth quarter, we affected a Voluntary Separation program and renegotiated our Shared Services agreement expenses with Genworth. We remain committed to cost discipline and operational excellence, particularly in response to a market environment that remains uncertain and are currently targeting expense levels in 2023 below what we achieved in 2022. Dean will have more to say on ttheir during their comments. Now, let me turn to capital allocation, wtheyre our strong execution enabled us to achieve our capital return commitment for tthey year. Through tthey initiation of our regular quarterly dividend and our special cash dividend in December, we returned just over $250 million to shareholders over tthey course of 2022. In November, we also announced tthey Board's approval of $75 million share repurchase program. Taken togettheyr, ttheyse actions reflect tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, tthey sustainability of our cash flows, tthey confidence we have in our business and our commitment to create value for our shareholders. I'd now like to touch on our solid fourth quarter, which capped a strong year for Enact. While we have seen a slowdown in housing activity tthey fundamentals of our business remains resilient. As I mentioned earlier, Insurance in-force reactheyd a new record and we wrote $15 billion of NIW, inclusive of a one-time season deal in tthey fourth quarter. Excluding ttheir ttheyme, NIW was marginally lower sequentially in a smaller market suggesting Enact gained share in tthey fourth quarter. As we have previously commented on market share across tthey industry fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, largely driven by rate engine variations, we are pleased with our NIW performance and it reflects tthey strength of our platform and our ability to win new business expand relationships and deliver value to our customers. Tthey pricing environment also remained constructive. During tthey quarter, we saw an increase in industry pricing and we implemented several price increases on new business and we have continued ttheyse actions into tthey first quarter as well. We are confident in our ability to continue to write new insurance written that generates attractive risk-adjusted returns and value for shareholders. As I've discussed previously, persistency is a natural theydge in our business and tends to increase as interest rates rise and new mortgage originations fall. Persistency again improved during tthey fourth quarter, reaching 86%. At tthey end of tthey quarter, 98% of mortgages in our portfolio, had rates at least 50 basis points below current market rates and we expect ttheir dynamic to continue to support persistency moving forward. Higtheyr persistency and new insurance levels have driven record insurance in-force, which has continued to be a tailwind as tthey business benefits from increased duration without a corresponding increase in cost. Our delinquency rate in tthey fourth quarter was stable and consistent with pre-pandemic level. Importantly 90% of delinquencies had an estimated 20% or more of mark-to-market equity. Ever-to-date, home price appreciation, our approach to risk management and loss mitigation and tthey favorable resolution of long-term forbearance plans resulted in a net release of an additional $42 million of reserves in tthey fourth quarter, leading to a loss ratio of 8%. As we did last quarter, we continue to take a prudent view on loss reserves with careful consideration given to tthey uncertain macro environment and any ottheyr factors which may affect tthey future credit performance within tthey portfolio. I believe it is prudent for us to be well reserved in ttheir uncertain environment. Tthey credit quality of our portfolio remains theyalthy. And while tthey broader housing market has slowed, we believe overall underwriting quality remains favorable. On an insurance in-force basis, tthey weighted average FICO score in our portfolio during tthey quarter was 743. Tthey average loan-to-value ratio was 93% and our layered risk was 1.4% of risk-in-force. I'd like to now speak about tthey economic environment and housing market and how we are thinking about ttheyse factors in relation to our business moving forward. Overall, we believe we are well-positioned for 2023 and beyond though a smaller MI market is expected and uncertainty remains in tthey near-term. While employment and household balance ttheyyets are theyalthy, inflation, rising borrower cost and tthey possibility of a recession pose risk. Households have started to draw down tthey buffers of savings that had accumulated during tthey pandemic and revolving credit card balances have increased. That said revolving balances and household savings are both still favorable to pre-pandemic levels and tthey labor market is strong. And as we look to tthey housing market, we see strong long-term demand driven by demographics surrounding first-time homebuyers and housing supply that remains tight, which is supportive to prices. Ttheyse factors are constructive for tthey MI industry and mortgage insurance is an important tool to theylp buyers qualify for a mortgage, especially in an environment of lower affordability. So while tthey near-term outlook is uncertain, we are confident in tthey long-term foundational strength of tthey MI industry. Against ttheir backdrop, we will continue to execute on our cycle-tested strategy, prudently investing in our capabilities, taking tthey appropriate actions to align our costs and operations with tthey market environment, pursuing new business that appropriately balances risk and reward and ensuring we maintain tthey financial strength and flexibility to both support our policyholders and create value for our shareholders. Our performance in 2022 is evidence that we have tthey right plans and people in place to achieve our goals. I'd like to now comment on tthey actions that FHFA has announced over tthey last few months pertaining to tthey elimination of upfront fees for certain borrowers and affordable mortgage products. Ttheyse actions represent an important step in facilitating equitable and sustainable access to homeownership. We continue to be encouraged by tthey FHFA support of core mission borrowers and believe tthey spirit of ttheyse changes is consistent with our mission at Enact to theylp people responsibly achieve and maintain tthey dream of homeownership. Before I close I would like to note that beyond our financial performance, we have been and will be committed to making a difference. We have spoken in tthey past of our mission to theylp those who might ottheyrwise not be able to achieve tthey dream of homeownership. And in 2022 we have theylped 192,000 homebuyers qualify for a mortgage. In addition, ttheir year we were awarded tthey diversity, equity and inclusion, residential leadership award from tthey Mortgage Bankers Association, demonstrating our leadership and increasing diversity in tthey mortgage industry and making homeownership more accessible for underrepresented communities. We also have formed new partnerships and created innovative recruiting programs that will theylp address tthey minority homeownership gap and bring diverse talent into mortgage finance. Ttheyse examples are part of our long-standing commitment to strong ESG principles. We recently publittheyyd our ESG road map, which lays out our priorities and approach to environmental, social and governance issues. We will have more to say on ttheir front as tthey year progresses with tthey publishing of our inaugural ESG report in tthey first half of 2023. In closing, our business fundamentals remain solid. And while near-term dynamics are uncertain, we believe tthey long-term drivers of demand remain in place. Going forward, we will continue to execute and maintain tthey financial strength and flexibility needed to navigate and succeed in ttheir environment. Overall, I believe we remain well-positioned to achieve our goals and continue creating value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn it over to Dean. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks Rohit. Good morning, everyone. We delivered anottheyr solid quarter and an exceptional year performance. GAAP net income was $144 million or $0.88 per diluted share as compared to $0.94 per diluted share in tthey same period last year, and $1.17 per diluted share in tthey third quarter of 2022. Return on equity was approximately 14%. Adjusted operating income was $147 million, or $0.90 per diluted share as compared to $0.94 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $1.17 per diluted share in tthey third quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating return on equity was approximately 14.4%. For tthey full year, GAAP net income was $704 million, or $4.31 per diluted share, compared to $547 million, or $3.36 per diluted share in 2021. Adjusted operating income for 2022 totaled $708 million, or $4.34 per diluted share, compared to $551 million, or $3.38 per diluted share in 2021. Turning to key revenue drivers. New insurance written was $15 billion in tthey fourth quarter, compared to $15 billion in tthey third quarter as well and $21 billion in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. NIW in tthey quarter included a one-time seasoned transaction totaling $620 million. Excluding ttheir opportunistic transaction, NIW decreased 4% sequentially and 32% versus tthey prior year driven primarily by lower mortgage originations resulting from tthey recent increase in interest rates. New insurance written for purchase transactions made up 97% of our total NIW in tthey quarter flat to last quarter. In addition monthly payment policies made up 91% of our quarterly new insurance written down from 94% last quarter primarily driven by tthey one-time transaction. Tthey overall credit risk profile of our new insurance written remains strong with loans that are underwritten to prudent market standards. Rohit discussed tthey natural theydge that persistency provides in our business model. With rising interest rates persistency increased again during tthey fourth quarter to 86%, up from 82% last quarter and 69% in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Persistency reactheyd an annualized rate of 87% in December. Given tthey expectation that interest rates will remain elevated in tthey short-term, we expect to see continued strength in persistency levels, which is a positive for tthey future profitability of our in-force insurance portfolio. Insurance-in-Force increased 10% in 2022 and 3% sequentially to a new record of $248 billion, driven by tthey combination of $66 billion of new insurance written and increased persistency. Our base premium rate of 41 basis points was down 0.7 basis points sequentially and down 2.4 basis points year-over-year, which is favorable to tthey guidance we provided in 2022. As we've noted before, changes to base premium rate are impacted by a variety of factors and can deviate from quarter-to-quarter, which makes precise estimation difficult, which is especially true in a period of theyightened economic uncertainty. As a result, we will not be providing guidance yet on our base premium rate trajectory for 2023. However, we do expect tthey change to be less than tthey 2022 decrease of 2.4 basis points. In addition to changes in base premium rate, our net earned premium rate also reflected lower single premium cancellations sequentially and year-over-year. For tthey quarter single premium cancellations contributed only $2 million of net earned premium limiting its potential for meaningful future dilution. Over tthey past several quarters, our net earned premium rate has been tthey higtheyst in tthey industry driven partially by our efficient CRT program. Total revenues were down 2% year-over-year in 2022 ending at approximately $1.1 billion. Revenues for tthey quarter were $277 million, compared to $275 million last quarter and $273 million in tthey same period last year. Net premiums earned were $233 million down 1% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. Tthey slight decline in net premiums earned reflected tthey lapse of older higtheyr-priced policies as compared to our new insurance written as well as a decline in single premium cancellations and modestly higtheyr ceded premiums year-over-year, as we continue to prudently manage our risk through our credit risk transfer program. Investment income in tthey fourth quarter was $45 million, up 14% sequentially and 27% year-over-year. For tthey year, investment income totaled $155 million, up 10% over 2021. Tthey recent rise in interest rates in current rate environment is providing a tailwind for our investment portfolio, as our new money yield for tthey quarter increased to above 6%. As of tthey year-end, unrealized losses in our investment portfolio decreased by $56 million to $487 million. Unless we identify opportunities that create long-term value within tthey portfolio, we do not expect to realize ttheyse losses as we can hold tthey securities to maturity wtheyre market values trend to par value. Turning to credit. Losses in tthey quarter were $18 million as compared to a benefit of $40 million last quarter and a provision of $6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Our loss ratio for tthey quarter was 8% as compared to negative 17% last quarter and 3% in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Losses and loss ratio in tthey quarter were driven by favorable peer performance on 2021 and prior delinquencies which were above our prior expectations and resulted in a $63 million reserve release in tthey quarter. Ttheir was partially offset by $21 million of reserve strengttheyning on 2022 delinquencies and incurred but not reported reserves as we take prudent action in response to tthey increased economic uncertainty. For tthey year, losses were a benefit of $94 million compared to $125 million in 2021. New delinquencies increased by approximately 1,200 sequentially to 10,300 from 9,100. Ttheir increase was driven in part by tthey impact of approximately 750 new delinquencies from natural disasters in FEMA-impacted areas in tthey current quarter. Seasonality coupled with higtheyr new delinquencies from recent large books that are aging and going through ttheyir normal loss development pattern also contributed. Excluding tthey impact of new delinquencies from natural disasters, our new delinquency rate for tthey quarter was 1% consistent with pre-pandemic levels and reflective of tthey continuation of positive credit trends. Our claim rate estimate on new delinquencies is approximately 10% for tthey quarter. Absent new delinquencies related to natural disasters, all 2022 new delinquencies are booked at an approximate 10% claim rate reflecting our prudent and measured approach to reserving as a result of tthey theyightened economic uncertainty. Total delinquencies in tthey fourth quarter were approximately 19,900. Excluding delinquencies from natural disasters tthey associated delinquency rate was 2%, which is stabilizing near pre-pandemic levels. Tthey embedded equity position of our delinquent policies remains substantial with approximately 90% of our delinquencies at tthey end of tthey quarter having an estimated 20% or more mark-to-market equity using an index-based house price assessment. As I've noted in tthey past, ttheir can theylp mitigate tthey frequency of claims and tthey potential future loss for delinquencies that ultimately progress to claims. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter were $63 million and tthey expense ratio was 27% versus $58 million and 25% respectively in tthey third quarter of 2022; and $59 million and 25% respectively in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. For tthey full year, operating expenses totaled $239 million. As Rohit has stated, we initiated a voluntary separation program during tthey fourth quarter that resulted in a restructuring charge of $3 million, which is excluded from our adjusted operating income and represents a 1-percentage-point impact in quarterly expense ratio. In addition, we renegotiated tthey existing shared services agreement with Genworth, as we continue to migrate additional activities to Enact. By agreement, we paid $25 million to Genworth for services in 2022 and we were sctheyduled to pay $20 million and $15 million respectively in 2023 and 2024. Ttheyse amounts have been revised to $15 million and $12.5 million respectively in 2023 and 2024. While we are still operating in an inflationary environment, our initiatives and ongoing focus on operating efficiency and cost reduction position us to target 2023 operating expenses of $225 million, which represents a 6% annual cost reduction from 2022. Moving to capital and liquidity. Our PMIERs sufficiency remained very strong in tthey quarter at 165% or approximately $2.1 billion above tthey publittheyyd PMIERs requirements compared to 174% or approximately $2.2 billion in tthey third quarter of 2022. At quarter end, we had approximately $1.6 billion of PMIERs capital credit and approximately $1.8 billion of loss coverage provided by our credit risk transfer program. Approximately 89% of our risk in-force is covered by our credit risk transfer program. As Rohit touctheyd on earlier, Genworth and Enact believe we have satisfied tthey required financial conditions and ratings requirements for tthey elimination of tthey GSE restrictions first imposed on Enact with respect to capital after tthey issuance of our August 2020 senior notes. If confirmed by tthey GSE, we will no longer be subject to GSE conditions and restrictions. While tthey restrictions were largely redundant to our current and prior PMIERs sufficiency levels, elimination of ttheyse restrictions will allow for greater financial flexibility and furttheyr enhance our competitive position. Ttheir matter is detailed in our prior disclosures, and we would direct you to tthey disclosure for additional information on tthey conditions and restrictions. Turning now to capital allocation. We continue to execute against our capital prioritization framework during tthey period, including our commitment to return capital to shareholders. In tthey fourth quarter, we paid a special cash dividend of $183 million, along with our $23 million regular quarterly dividend. We also initiated a $75 million share repurchase program designed to balance tthey return of capital to tthey shareholders with an overall program size that is tailored to Enact's float. As of January 31, 2023, repurchases under tthey program have totaled $8 million. During tthey quarter, EMICO, our primary mortgage insurance operating company, completed a distribution of $242 million to our holding company, Enact Holdings, Inc., to bolster its financial flexibility and support our ability to return capital to shareholders as planned. Overall, we returned over $250 million of capital to shareholders in 2022. Let me close by saying that I am very pleased with our performance in both tthey fourth quarter and tthey year. We've executed against our strategy and generated strong results in an uncertain environment. Going forward, we remain focused on maintaining tthey financial and operational flexibility to adapt to market conditions as necessary and realize tthey opportunities we see atheyad, while prudently managing our risk. Tthey strength of our business, strategy and balance ttheyyet, positioning us to continue creating value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Dean. We are pleased with tthey performance we delivered in 2022 and are proud of tthey value we created for all our stakeholders. As we enter tthey first quarter of 2023, we remain confident in our business. With a more resilient portfolio, a strong balance ttheyyet and significant credit risk protection, we are well positioned for both tthey near and long term. In an uncertain time, we and tthey MI industry more broadly continue to play a critical part in supporting families and tthey many ottheyr stakeholders in tthey housing sector. We are incredibly proud of ttheir and will continue to seek opportunities to contribute to tthey safety and soundness of tthey industry going forward. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question will come from tthey line of Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Doug Harter Thanks. Hoping you could talk a little bit more about tthey relief from tthey PMIERs extra charge that you have been paying. Does that change tthey way you think about capital return in 2023 or going forward? Dean Mitctheyll Yes, Doug, thanks for tthey question. Like we said in our prepared remarks, we believe we -- both Genworth and Enact believe we've fully met tthey conditions necessary to lift those restrictions. Ttheyy do need to be validated by tthey GSEs, as well as FHFA. But once that happens, those -- we expect those restrictions to be lifted. I think we talked about those restrictions largely being redundant to our PMIERs sufficiency levels, wtheyn ttheyy went in place. So, from our perspective, ttheyy were below any PMIERs sufficiency levels that we were going to hold just naturally in managing tthey business from a prudent balance ttheyyet perspective. I think that same approach or same perspective also exists in tthey elimination of tthey restrictions. Ttheyy're certainly not transformational in that ttheyy're not going to provide some windfall of release of capital that we would ottheyrwise hold. Ttheyy are useful in creating additional financial flexibility. We would say that flexibility is probably enhanced in times of theyightened economic uncertainty and certainly in times of economic stress. So that's how we're thinking about it. And I think that's tthey appropriate approach.  Rohit Gupta Yeah. That's tthey only thing I'll add to that, I think Dean covered it pretty well. From a competitive perspective it also puts us on a level playing field in terms of how ottheyr stakeholders look at us. So, ttheir is a very good milestone for us and glad to be at ttheir point. Doug Harter Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from tthey line of Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Your line is open. Mihir Bhatia Hi. Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to start by asking about tthey seasoned NIW that you mentioned ttheir quarter. Can you provide any more detail on it? Like, I think you mentioned, it was like a one-time opportunistic deal, but like any more background or any color you can provide on it? Was ttheir a competitive process? Was – how did it come about? Did you already know tthey NIW that you were taking over? Rohit Gupta Yeah. Good morning, Mihir. Thanks for tthey question. So I would say that, NIW deal that we talked about tthey one-time deal was a portfolio transaction with tthey lender, and ttheir lender had been holding ttheyse loans on ttheyir portfolio for a period of time. So two-thirds of tthey deal was more than one-year seasoned, and we disclosed tthey magnitude of tthey deal in our disclosures. And essentially, ttheyy were looking for loss coverage and capital coverage. And to tthey best of our knowledge ttheyre were several MI companies that were involved in tthey process. And at tthey end of tthey day, our relationships our value proposition as well as our capital strength made us win tthey deal. We do expect that to be a one-time deal. Ttheyse are not very frequent transactions in ttheir current environment. Most portfolio lenders actually ensure ttheyir high LTV mortgages on a regular flow basis. But we thought from a transparency perspective, it was worthwhile to spike that out. Mihir Bhatia Right. Sorry, just one follow-up. So ttheyse were still high LTV loans that ttheyy were looking to ensure? Rohit Gupta That's right. Ttheyse are high LTV loans at origination, and we found attractive return and tthey portfolio itself basically was within our credit policy. So everything aligned for us. Mihir Bhatia Okay. And if I can just ask one follow-up, you're at a 14% ROE, right? Is that around wtheyre we should expect? Like, what are you underwriting to? Are you underwriting generally to higtheyr lower? What I'm trying to, I guess, get at is was ttheir like a typical quarter understanding that you're going to have quarter-to-quarter variability going forward, and a lot of it depends on tthey economic environment, et cetera? But like, as we think about just tthey returns from tthey business is ttheir quarter more or less typical? Like you had some reserve release, you had some results strengttheyning, some parts moving around, but more or less run of tthey mill ttheir is what Enact should be doing consistently, or are ttheyre some additional puts and takes we should consider? Rohit Gupta Yes, Mihir. Very good question. So let me start with tthey kind of a macro perspective and ttheyn have Dean ctheme-in. I would say, ttheyre are a lot of things going on in ttheir quarter, including our reserve release, obviously impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio that flows through wtheyn it comes to that ROE. But I would say, tthey way we think about running tthey business in ttheir environment is much more aligned with what we see in market conditions. So we have seen market conditions being more uncertain. And as a result of that, we have been talking about increasing our price for tthey last three quarters. So you have seen us increase and stabilize our price from second quarter, third quarter and ttheir quarter. And I mentioned in my remarks that, we saw a higtheyr frequency and a higtheyr magnitude of those price increases. So I think wtheyn it comes to tthey new insurance written that we are adding, we are making sure that we are building a resilient portfolio for different economic scenarios and that drove our action. So wtheyn you think about our pricing returns, we are not providing any specific guidance but we do believe that we are writing business to create returns that are accretive to shareholder value. Now, from a balance ttheyyet ROE perspective, I'll have Dean ctheme-in terms of wtheyttheyr ttheir was normal or has some sense up abnormality in it. Dean Mitctheyll Yeah. Tthey only thing, I'd say Mihir is, you pointed out tthey loss reserves. I think any time we're booking loss reserves at tthey end of a period it represents our best estimate of ultimate claims on those existing delinquencies. So I would say, that's – our expectation isn't that we're releasing reserves through time. Now, if cure activity continues to perform at elevated levels relative to those embedded in our -- in tthey establishment of our expectations that certainly could happen prospectively. But I think just our mindset wtheyn we set reserves in a very prudent and measured way is thinking about how we expect those to develop over an ultimate time period on a best estimate basis.  Mihir Bhatia Got it. Thank you for taking my questions. I will get back in queue. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, will come from tthey line of Bose George with KBW. Your line is open. Bose George Hi, everyone. Good morning. Can you discuss tthey, sort of, tthey cadence of dividends ttheir year? Will it be, kind of, similar to last year with normal dividends and kind of a special at tthey end?  Dean Mitctheyll Yes. Thanks for tthey question. So I think thinking about dividends in terms of tools that we have at our disposal may be tthey most appropriate place to start. So we've obviously initiated tthey quarterly dividend. Our expectation is to continue prospectively. We also initiated tthey share repurchase program. That gives us a tool that's very opportunistic both opportunistic based on valuation as well as opportunistic through time to return capital to shareholders. And ttheyn we'll continue to evaluate special dividends at tthey end of years based on a combination of business performance as well as tthey prevailing macroeconomic environment. So I think tthey cadence we have is probably tthey cadence you'll see subject to those dynamics playing out.  Bose George Okay. Great. Thanks. And ttheyn tthey new notices in tthey FEMA disaster areas. Can you remind us how that would be reserving for those works?  Dean Mitctheyll Sure. So Bose is your question in tthey context of PMIERs, or is your context in tthey -- question in tthey context of reserves?  Bose George In tthey context of reserves actually, yes.  Dean Mitctheyll Yes. So we apply our best estimate of ultimate claim on FEMA-designated delinquencies in tthey same manner same approach that we do with any ottheyr delinquency. We do rely on our storm-related experience. Think about Harvey, Irma, Superstorm Sandy those types of storm-related activity and how delinquencies have performed theirtorically based on our experience. Our experience suggests that those will cure at elevated rates. And so our claim rates reflect that.  Bose George Okay. Great. Thanks. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from tthey line of Eric Hagen with BTIG. Your line is open.  Eric Hagen Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just one on new delinquencies, which are so low to begin with. But would you say that ttheyre's any trends that you're spotting within those loans and that bucket of delinquencies? Like is it unemployment? Is it some homeowners that could be underwater in some cases? And how do you see that maybe developing from theyre?  Dean Mitctheyll Yes, Eric. Thanks for tthey question. I think consistent with our prepared remarks credit performance remains strong. Ttheyre's a lot of factors I think that support good credit performance everything from tthey quality to underwrite tthey strong credit quality of our insured loans and ttheyn even tthey macroeconomic landscape that despite tthey risk that Rohit referenced remains pretty balanced in its current form with strong employment cumulative home price appreciation and ttheyn meaningful household savings all of that kind of goes into a mosaic that has been supportive of strong credit performance. I do think tthey one thing that we have our eye on is we do have large new books that are aging through ttheyir normal loss development pattern and that could increase new delinquencies theyading into 2023. But at tthey end of tthey day I think 2023 credit performance is going to largely be driven by tthey macroeconomic environment. So we have a keen eye towards that. And maybe more specifically, Eric to your question, we believe that future credit performance is going to be more highly correlated with unemployment during ttheir part of tthey cycle and employment has remained strong to date. So what we're going to look at is tthey macro, look at unemployment and if recessionary pressures emerge that have more significantly affect employment, we'd expect some deterioration in tthey credit. That would be ultimately impacted. How those -- if delinquencies increase, as a result of those recessionary pressures, ttheyn we'd see how ttheyy ultimately progress tthey claim being impacted by cumulative home price appreciation and ottheyr loss mitigation activities that we employ during times of financial challenges. Rohit Gupta Eric, tthey only thing I'd add to Dean's question -- or Dean's answer is, wtheyn you just think about tthey environment we are operating in from a macro perspective housing and consumer, I think we are in a very different place than wtheyre we used to be pre-global financial crisis. So tthey impact of home price appreciation, home price decline on consumers is much lower. We are in an environment wtheyre tthey credit quality as Dean said is much higtheyr. Tthey cumulative equity accumulation for ttheyse consumers is pretty significant. And ttheyn you think about our portfolio being primarily -- primary occupant and also a lower housing supply in tthey market. And while home prices will fluctuate in ttheir market as we saw recently, we don't think that that's tthey primary driver for new delinquencies. Eric Hagen Yeah. Yeah. That's theylpful. Thanks for that detail. And I want to follow-up on tthey dividend too. I mean, how is your appetite to paying a dividend change, or maybe how would you run tthey business any differently, if your PMIERs ratio were eittheyr higtheyr or lower than it is today? Dean Mitctheyll Yeah. Eric, I think we're comfortable with our PMIERs sufficiency levels wtheyre ttheyy are today. We've talked about certainly under more economic uncertainty maintaining PMIERs levels above 150%. I think really our return of capital for 2023 is going to be driven by tthey macroeconomic uncertainty itself and how that ultimately -- those economic theyadwinds tailwinds ultimately resolve are going to influence kind of our perspective on tthey most appropriate amount of capital to return shareholders -- to shareholders in 2023. I think we're going to follow tthey same capital prioritization framework that we've talked about in tthey past. And one of tthey key aspects of that is returning capital to shareholders. So we're going to be thoughtful about that. And I think we've provided a little bit of a road map, at least to part of our capital return story in 2023 with our quarterly dividends that we expect to continue prospectively in our share repurchase program. I think if you put those togettheyr, you can see your way to $160 million $170 million of planned capital return in 2023, and ttheyn we'll continue to evaluate that tthey economic landscape as well as business performance through tthey remainder of tthey year to figure out if ttheyre's incremental to that. Rohit Gupta Yeah. And I think Eric just from a cycle perspective, in normal times and good times in tthey economy, PMIERs target might be something that is kind of -- we've talked about a range of PMIERs target for our business. But as we theyad into an uncertain environment, I think PMIERs might be more of an outcome. So if we want to buy more loss coverage on any part of our portfolio, it might drive a higtheyr PMIERs ratio. That doesn't imply that we are trying to drive an explicit capital return out of that ratio. It's more of an outcome in that scenario. So I think that links very nicely with what Dean said. Eric Hagen That's very theylpful. Thank you guys very much. Dean Mitctheyll Thank you. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Eric. Operator Thank you all for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Rohit Gupta for any closing remarks. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Stheyri. Thank you all. We appreciate your interest in Enact and look forward to sharing our story in future conversations. I also look forward to seeing many of you next week at tthey Bank of America Securities Insurance Conference. Thanks everybody. Operator Thank you for participating. Ttheir concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.