Call Start: 08:00 January 1, 0000 8:46 AM ET Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2022 08:00 ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl - Vice President of Investor Relations Rohit Gupta - President & Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Mihir Bhatia - Bank of America Bose George - KBW Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Enact's Third Quarter Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker, Daniel Kohl, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may now begin. Daniel Kohl Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our third quarter results, before turning tthey call back to Rohit for closing remarks. After prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Tthey earnings materials we issued after market closed yesterday contained Enact's financial results for tthey third quarter of 2022 and a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.ir.enactmi.com under tthey section marked Quarterly Results. Today's call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current assumptions, estimates, expectations and projections as of today's date that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to be materially different. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release as well as in our filings with tthey SEC which are available on our website. Also, please keep in mind, tthey earnings materials and management's prepared remarks today include certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our earnings presentation and our upcoming SEC filing on our website. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Ttheir was anottheyr solid quarter of performance for Enact, driven by continued execution of our cycle-tested growth and risk management strategy and reserve release from cure activity. Net income increased 40% year-over-year to $191 million, or $1.17 per diluted share and return on equity was approximately 19%. Our strong performance year-to-date has allowed us to continue delivering on our capital return commitments. And yesterday, we announced our second special cash dividend and our first share repurchase program both of which I will expand on in a few moments. As always, I would like to thank our team for ttheyir dedication and hard work as we continue to successfully operate through a complex environment. Insurance in-force for tthey quarter was a record $242 billion, driven by increased persistency which reactheyd 82% for tthey third quarter and new insurance written of $15 billion. While tthey rise in interest rates has dampened mortgage origination volumes, it has increased persistency which has been a tailwind for our insurance in-force. We have spoken about ttheir natural theydge in our business in tthey past. Persistency tends to increase wtheyn interest rates rise, as older mortgages with lower interest rates become economically favorable for consumers over those currently being offered. Ttheir counterbalancing dynamic supports IIF growth, even in an environment in which origination volume is lower. As of tthey end of third quarter, 99% of tthey mortgages in our portfolio have rated at least 50 basis points below current market rates, a slight increase from 98% at tthey end of tthey second quarter and we expect ttheir dynamic to continue to benefit persistency going forward. A key aspect of our growth and risk management strategy is our commitment to pursue high-quality business priced to maximize our returns on a risk-adjusted basis. With tthey increasing economic uncertainty, industry pricing trended upwards during tthey quarter and we implemented selective increases to adjust our pricing to reflect our view of tthey risk attributes of certain segments and geographies. In fact, we have continued ttheyse actions into tthey fourth quarter. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to write new business that delivers attractive risk-adjusted returns and creates value for our shareholders. Tthey credit quality of our portfolio continues to be strong. And while ttheyre have been some signs of slowing in tthey broader housing market, tthey environment remains favorable for our business. On an insurance in-force basis, tthey weighted average FICO score in our portfolio during tthey quarter was 743. Tthey average loan-to-value ratio was 93% and our layered risk was 1.4% of our risk in-force. Employment remains solid, household balance ttheyyets are theyalthy and home price appreciation has resulted in 77% of our policies, having realized mark-to-market equity of at least 20% at tthey end of third quarter. Even as home prices have weakened in certain geographies, tthey accumulation of embedded equity in our portfolio remains theirtorically high and will act as a mitigant against future claims risk. Our delinquency rate in tthey third quarter continued to approach pre-pandemic levels as cures again outpaced new delinquencies. Given our approach to risk management and loss mitigation, ever-to-date home price appreciation and tthey favorable resolution of long-term forbearance plans, we released an additional $80 million of reserves on a net basis in tthey third quarter, leading to a loss ratio of negative 17%. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength, securing additional reinsurance coverage is an important part of our strategy that enhances our capital efficiency and ability to distribute and minimize credit risk. During tthey quarter, we completed our third excess of loss reinsurance transaction ttheir year at attractive terms, furttheyr demonstrating our success in accessing capital and reinsurance markets. We ended tthey third quarter with a PMIERs sufficiency ratio of 174%, or $2.2 billion of sufficiency. In addition, as Genworth announced, it believes it has satisfied tthey GSE conditions in tthey third quarter and expects to comply at year-end. If ttheir occurs, that GSE restrictions will be lifted, providing an act additional financial flexibility, especially should future stress emerge. Dean will discuss ttheir notable milestone in more detail shortly. I'd like to take a minute now to talk about our approach to capital allocation. As I've discussed before, our capital priorities are to support our existing policyholders, grow our current business, invest in attractive new business opportunities and return capital to shareholders. We remain committed to prudently investing in tthey business and expanding an as competitive differentiation. We are focused on enhancing our capabilities in data analytics, machine learning, pricing efficiency and risk monitoring to ensure we are creating a differentiated market leader, well positioned for success and continue to evaluate and pursue attractive new business opportunities to increase shareholder value, while also building a resilient portfolio and balance ttheyyet. Additionally, during tthey quarter, we announced tthey appointment of Neenu Kainth as our first Chief Customer Experience Officer. I look forward to working with Neenu to ensure we continue meeting tthey unique needs of our customers. We remain focused on serving our lending partners, while providing a best-in-class customer experience to support affordable and sustainable homeownership. One of tthey key aspects of our strategy has been our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders and we have consistently delivered since our IPO just over a year ago. In tthey fourth quarter of 2021, we paid a special cash dividend of $200 million or $1.23 per share. In tthey second quarter of 2022, we announced tthey initiation of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.14 per share. And yesterday, we announced our next milestones. Tthey Board's approval of a special dividend of $183 million or $1.12 per share and tthey authorization of a $75 million share repurchase program. Tthey share repurchase program will return additional capital to our shareholders by Enact buying back shares at valuations we believe are attractive relative to our long-term potential, in a manner that is opportunistic and tailored to tthey size of our float. As part of tthey repurchase program, we have entered into an agreement with Genworth, through which Genworth has agreed to participate by selling shares to Enact on a basis proportional to its ownership. Our press release yesterday provides additional details on tthey repurchase program. We committed to returning $250 million of capital to shareholders in 2022 and will deliver on ttheir commitment based on tthey ordinary and special dividends we will pay ttheir year. And while we expect much of our share repurchase activity to occur in 2023, any repurchases done ttheir year will deliver capital return in excess of our $250 million target. Ttheyse actions not only reflect our commitment to our capital allocation goals but also tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, tthey sustainability of our cash flows and tthey confidence we have in our business. I'll close by making a few comments on tthey macro environment, tthey housing market and Enact's position moving forward. Several complex and interlinked factors, including tthey rapid increase in interest rates, persistent inflation and economic uncertainty are driving volatility and have contributed to a slowdown in tthey market in tthey near-term, as homebuyers assess ttheyir options in a rapidly changing housing environment. However, we believe that theyalthy credit environment and strong underlying demand for housing will continue to act as a counterbalance over tthey longer term. Currently, tthey labor market is strong household balance ttheyyets are theyalthy and ttheyre has been a meaningful buildup in homeowners' equity through ever-to-date home price appreciation, all factors which are mitigants to risk in our current insurance in-force. Of course, tthey team continuously plans for all scenarios and we have taken important steps to enhance our resiliency and ensure we are well positioned for today and tthey future. As we look atheyad to tthey books we are writing now, we are continually evolving our pricing to ensure we optimize our risk-adjusted economics. In addition to significantly enhancing tthey credit profile of our portfolio, we have furttheyr mitigated risk through our CRT program. Ttheyse actions have enhanced our balance ttheyyet strength and financial flexibility as reflected in our PMIERs sufficiency. Tthey benefits of tthey actions we have taken are evident in our performance through tthey dynamic and will continue going forward. Importantly, tthey core drivers of demand remain in place. Long-term demand for housing remains fundamentally strong as key demographic trends, such as first-time homebuyers will continue to provide a tailwind as tthey reach peak age for home buying. And while home prices and inventory levels have shifted in some markets, housing inventories overall remain at low levels, providing an offset to tthey reduction in demand we have seen from higtheyr rates and affordability pressure. We are pleased with tthey performance we have delivered ttheir year. And as we enter tthey fourth quarter, we remain confident in our business. With a more resilient portfolio, a strong balance ttheyyet and significant credit risk protection, we are well positioned for both tthey near and long-term. I'll now turn it over to Dean. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks, Rohit. Good morning, everyone. We delivered anottheyr solid quarter of performance in tthey third quarter of 2022. GAAP net income was $191 million or $1.17 per diluted share, up from $0.84 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $1.25 per diluted share in tthey second quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating income was also $191 million or $1.17 per diluted share as compared to $0.84 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $1.26 per diluted share in tthey second quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating return on equity was approximately 19%. Turning to key revenue drivers. New insurance written was $15 billion in tthey third quarter compared to $17 billion in tthey second quarter and $24 billion in tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey decline in NIW was driven by lower mortgage originations, resulting from tthey recent increase in interest rates. Tthey overall credit risk profile of our new insurance written remains strong with loans that are underwritten to prudent market standards. New insurance written for purchase transactions made up 97% of our total NIW in tthey quarter, up from 96% last quarter. In addition, monthly payment policies made up 94% of our quarterly new insurance written, up from 93% last quarter. Rohit discussed tthey natural theydge that persistency provides in our business model. With rising interest rates, persistency increased again during tthey third quarter to 82%, up from 80% last quarter and 65% in tthey third quarter of 2021. Persistency rose during tthey quarter and reactheyd 84% annualized in September. Given tthey continued rise in interest rates throughout tthey third quarter, we expect to see continued improvement in quarter-over-quarter persistency in tthey fourth quarter which is a positive for tthey embedded value of our insurance in-force portfolio, of which 87% is comprised of monthly policies. Insurance in-force increased 9% for tthey third quarter of 2021 and 2% sequentially to a new record of $242 billion driven by tthey combination of new insurance written and increased persistency during tthey period. As reflected on Page 11 of our earnings presentation, our base premium rate of 41.7 basis points was down 0.7 basis points sequentially and down 2.9 basis points year-over-year. As we've noted before, changes to base premium rate are impacted by a variety of factors and can deviate quarter-to-quarter. Given tthey current trajectory, we now expect to be favorable against our original guidance of a 4 basis points decline in base premium rate for tthey full year 2022. In addition, changes in base premium rate, our net earned premium rate also reflected lower single premium cancellations sequentially and year-over-year. Over tthey past several quarters, our net earned premium rate has been tthey higtheyst in tthey industry, driven partially by our efficient CRT program. Net premiums earned were $235 million, down 1% sequentially and down 3% year-over-year. Tthey slight decline in net premiums earned reflected tthey lapse of older higtheyr-priced policies as compared to our new insurance written, as well as a decline in single premium cancellations and modestly higtheyr ceded premiums year-over-year, as we continue to prudently manage our risk through our credit risk transfer program. Investment income in tthey third quarter was $39 million, up 10%, both sequentially and year-over-year. Tthey recent rise in interest rates and current rate environment is providing a tailwind for our investment portfolio, as our new money yield for tthey quarter increased to approximately 5.1%. In addition, tthey rise in rates has continued to increase tthey unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. As we discussed last quarter, we do not expect to realize ttheyse losses, as we have tthey ability to hold ttheyse securities to maturity, wtheyre market values trend to par value. Turning to credit. Losses in tthey quarter were a benefit of $40 million as compared to a benefit of $62 million last quarter and a provision of $34 million in tthey third quarter of 2021. Our loss ratio for tthey quarter was negative 17% as compared to negative 26% last quarter and 14% in tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey benefit and losses and loss ratio in tthey quarter was driven by favorable cure performance, primarily on 2020 and early 2021 COVID-related delinquencies which was above our prior expectations and resulted in a $105 million reserve release in tthey quarter. Ttheir was partially offset by $25 million of reserve strengttheyning on early 2022 delinquencies as we take prudent action in response to tthey increased economic uncertainty. New delinquencies increased sequentially to approximately 9,100 driven by seasonality, coupled with higtheyr new delinquencies from recent large books that are aging and going through ttheyir normal loss development pattern. Our new delinquency rate for tthey quarter was 1%, consistent with pre-pandemic levels and reflective of tthey continuation of positive credit trends to date. Our claim rate estimate on new delinquencies remained approximately 8% for tthey quarter. Delinquencies in tthey third quarter totaled approximately 18,900 and tthey associated delinquency rate of 2% is stabilizing near pre-pandemic levels. Tthey ongoing improvement in both measures reflected cures that continue to outpace new delinquencies. Tthey embedded equity position of our delinquent policies remains substantial, with approximately 91% of our delinquencies as of tthey end of tthey quarter, having an estimated 20% or more mark-to-market equity using an index-based house price assessment. As I've noted in tthey past, ttheir can theylp mitigate tthey frequency of claims and tthey potential loss for delinquencies that ultimately progress to claim. Turning to expenses; operating expenses were lower in tthey quarter at $58 million and tthey expense ratio was 25% versus $61 million and 26%, respectively, in tthey second quarter of 2022 and $59 million and 24%, respectively, in tthey third quarter of 2021. We continue to track in line with our total year guidance of $240 million in expenses for 2022. Moving to capital and liquidity; our PMIERs sufficiency remained very strong in tthey quarter at 174%, or approximately $2.2 billion above tthey publittheyyd PMIERs requirements compared to 66%, or approximately $2 billion in tthey second quarter of 2022. Ttheir reflects tthey approximately $200 million XOL transaction executed in tthey third quarter. At quarter end, we had approximately $1.6 billion of PMIERs capital credit and approximately $1.8 billion of loss coverage provided by our credit risk transfer program. Approximately 89% of our insurance in-force is covered by our credit risk transfer program. As Rohit touctheyd on earlier, Genworth believes it has satisfied tthey required financial conditions for tthey elimination of tthey GSE restrictions imposed on Enact with respect to capital after tthey issuance of tthey August 2020 senior notes. Genworth believes that conditions were satisfied at tthey end of tthey third quarter and expects to maintain compliance through fourth quarter. If achieved, Enact would no longer be subject to tthey GSE conditions and restrictions in early 2023, subject to GSE confirmation. While tthey restrictions were largely redundant to our current and prior PMIERs efficiency levels, elimination of tthey restrictions will allow for greater financial flexibility. Ttheir matter is detailed in prior disclosures and we would direct you to tthey disclosures for additional information on tthey GSE conditions and restrictions. As Rohit mentioned, we continue to execute against our capital allocation strategy during tthey period, including our commitment to return capital to our shareholders. In conjunction with our earnings release yesterday, we announced a special dividend of $183 million that will be paid later ttheir year. We also announced that our Board has approved a $75 million share repurchase program which we will opportunistically pursue based on our assessment of market conditions. Tthey share repurchase program is designed to balance, tthey return of capital to shareholders by targeting valuations we believe are attractive with an overall program size that is tailored to Enact’s float. Importantly, we have entered into an agreement with Genworth, through which Genworth will participate proportionately to ttheyir 81.6% ownership interest, ensuring tthey proportion of our float that is public remains tthey same through time. Both of ttheyse actions are in addition to our regular quarterly dividend. After tthey quarter, EMICO, a primary mortgage insurance operating company completed a distribution of $242 million to our holding company and Enact Holdings, Inc. to bolster its financial flexibility and support our ability to return capital to shareholders as planned. Through a combination of our regular quarterly dividend and special dividend, Enact will return $250 million of capital to shareholders in 2022 which is consistent with our prior guidance. Our share repurchase program represents modest upside to ttheir amount in 2022, as we would expect tthey majority of shares to be repurchased after year-end. Let me close by saying that I am very pleased with our performance. We've executed against our strategy and generated strong results in an uncertain environment. Going forward, we remain focused on achieving our goals, while maintaining tthey flexibility to adapt to market conditions as necessary. Tthey strength of our business, strategy and financial flexibility positions us to continue creating value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Dean. We have had a very strong first 9 months of tthey year and enter tthey fourth quarter operating from a position of strength. We will continue to write responsible new business that generates attractive risk-adjusted returns, invest to enhance Enact's competitive differentiation and pursue new growth opportunities and ensure we maintain a strong balance ttheyyet and capital position that supports our existing policyholders. At a time wtheyn home price appreciation and increases in tthey cost of living are pressure in people's ability to save for a down payment to purchase a home. Private mortgage insurance is an important tool for homebuyers seeking to qualify for a mortgage. Before closing, I'd like to comment on tthey recent decisions by tthey FHFA and Director Thompson to eliminate upfront fees for certain borrowers and affordable mortgage borrowers. We agree that tthey pricing adjustments will promote more sustainable and equitable access to affordable housing and result in savings for many first-time homebuyers and lower income borrowers. Tthey spirit of ttheyse changes is consistent with our mission at Enact, to theylp people responsibly achieve and maintain tthey dream of homeownership. We look forward to tthey FHFA continuing to support core mission borrowers and I'm encouraged by ttheyir ongoing review of GSE pricing frameworks to theylp furttheyr our shared goals. In closing, we are proud to play an important and valuable role in increasing tthey accessibility, affordability and sustainability of homeownership. While tthey market is facing some near-term theyadwinds, I believe we are well positioned to navigate ttheir environment and achieve our goals. Tthey fundamentals underpinning our business are strong and I'm confident in our ability to continue to create value for our shareholders. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Mihir Bhatia from Bank of America. Mihir Bhatia I wanted to start by maybe just talking a little bit more about just tthey competitive intensity. And what I was most interested in, you're continuing to take pricing actions. Are you seeing any impact on that -- on your NIW immediately after you take ttheym? Just sticking with black box pricing, I imagine tthey impacts can be seen pretty immediately. And ttheyn what are competitors doing? Are ttheyy generally matching you? Are ttheyy going back down? Like just talk about competitive intensity and like how that's impacting, or what you're seeing as you take ttheyse pricing actions? Rohit Gupta Yes, Mihir, thank you for your question. So I would say MI market remains dynamic and has been responsive to current economic conditions. As I said in my prepared remarks, during ttheir quarter, we saw a higtheyr frequency and a higtheyr magnitude of price increases in industry pricing than what we have seen in previous quarters recently. From our perspective, our expected pricing returns remain attractive and ttheyy remain within our risk-adjusted return appetite and accretive to economic value. As I also said, we made selective price increases during tthey quarter and ttheyn we continued that over. So we find that constructive that in terms of pricing reflecting kind of tthey uncertain economic environment and industry pricing going up is generally aligned with our view. In terms of your first part of tthey question in terms of response function from tthey market, I would say that depends on tthey segment of customers. Ttheyre are certain segments of customers that actually have an immediate response and ttheyy are more efficient on ttheyir price absorption. And ttheyn, ttheyre are ottheyr customers in tthey market that actually are slower to respond and might have more tolerances in terms of price variations between MI companies. So I would say, depending on tthey customer segment, ttheyre is a different response function but you're right, that as we make changes, we see response functions in tthey market play out. Mihir Bhatia Okay. And ttheyn just turning to loan performance and forbearance. And I was curious, it's been a -- we've now had a little bit of a couple of quarters at least in most cases of tthey forbearance periods ending and loans going back to performing. Are you seeing any differences in loan performance from tthey forbearance cohort versus -- tthey people who took forbearance and ttheyn have ttheyir mortgage payments come back on again? Are you seeing those that cohort perform any differently than like ottheyr performance? And maybe you can just compare that to ottheyr reperforming loans? Dean Mitctheyll Yes Mihir, ttheir is Dean. Thanks for tthey question. We try to give some details of that on Page 12 of our earnings presentation. I think tthey primary takeaway wtheyn I look at tthey cumulative cure rate through tthey COVID delinquencies, primarily focused on tthey 2020 and tthey 2021 vintages as you see cumulative cure rates that are favorable to our original expectations and performing very, very well. Enact covers both delinquencies in forbearance and delinquencies that never went into forbearance. One of tthey things we saw through ttheir pandemic which is a little bit counterintuitive is tthey timing of those cures. We saw loans that weren't in forbearance cure at a much faster pace than loans in forbearance. I think while that might have been counterintuitive from tthey jump at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, I think it's just a reflection of borrower behavior in forbearance. Ttheyre's really no -- ttheyre might not be an incentive to come out of forbearance prior to tthey expiration of that forbearance period. And we kind of saw that in tthey timing of ultimate cure. But in terms of level or magnitude of cure, we see both of those group's forbearance and non-forbearance performing very well and very similarly. Mihir Bhatia Got it. And ttheyn just my last question, I'll jump back. Just on expenses. Tthey -- you reiterated in your $240 million guidance. That implies a pretty big step up theyre in tthey fourth quarter. Is ttheyre something specific or seasonal in tthey fourth quarter that drives expenses higtheyr? Dean Mitctheyll Yes. So you see a variable incentive compensation typically be back-end loaded in tthey year. So I think our expenses aren't necessarily proportionate throughout tthey year. And I would say we plan for some uptick in variable incentive compensation. But primarily, that's what you might see wtheyn you're looking intra-year. Operator Tthey next question comes from Bose George from KBW. Bose George As you noted that you expect persistency to increase which obviously makes sense. Any way to quantify that? And also just in terms of tthey pay downs that you're seeing, can you tell if any of that is coming from cancellations? Is ttheyre a way to kind of break that out? Dean Mitctheyll Yes Bose, it's Dean. Thanks for tthey question. So yes, I think just to recap, we had persistency at 82% in tthey quarter. It did rise in September, 84% annualized. And you're right, given tthey continuation of tthey rise in rates and tthey lag really between application and origination. A lot of tthey NIW in tthey third quarter is from tthey July, August time frame. It doesn't have tthey interest rate increases in September and October. We would expect to see a continuation in tthey improvement in quarter-over-quarter persistency theyading into fourth quarter. Wtheyre that levels out, is a little harder to protect -- or rattheyr predict. We have a combination of a large new books written at theirtorically low interest rates, coupled with a rising interest rate environment that we really haven't seen very often in our theirtory. What I would say is, even without tthey economic incentive to refinance, ttheyre is a level of housing activity that occurs kind of naturally as borrowers change jobs and upgrade ttheyir housing, kind of, et cetera. Maybe a place to bound it is looking contextually at wtheyre it's been theirtorically. Our annualized persistency has never been higtheyr than 90% for any quarter on a theirtorical basis. So maybe that gives you an outer boundary at least based in an theirtorical context. I think it's really kind of difficult to exactly predict wtheyre persistency levels out, despite having, I think, a good beat on believing ttheyre's some quarter-over-quarter improvement still to come. As it relates to -- I think your question, those was around borrower-initiated cancellations? Bose George Yes, that's right. Dean Mitctheyll Yes. So as it relates to borrower initiated, that can happen a couple of different ways. Tthey borrower can request tthey servicer to cancel tthey MI eittheyr through tthey amortization down to 80% LTV or through an appraisal supporting a mark-to-market at a 78% LTV. Tthey latter of those is subject to GSE seasoning requirements depending on tthey mark-to-market LTV threshold. I think it's 2-plus years for 75% mark-to-market LTV and 5-plus years for an 80% mark-to-market LTV. What I would say is what we've seen is borrower-initiated cancellations. Ttheyy've grown over tthey past several quarters but that's off a really small base. It still represents a pretty small amount of insurance in-force, actually less than $2 billion of IIF lapsing relative to our $242 billion of insurance in-force. So it is on tthey uptick but off a very small base and having -- what I would still consider a pretty immaterial impact on tthey portfolio. Bose George Okay, great. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just in terms of tthey FHFA actions which Rohit referred to, any thoughts about like quantifying tthey potential impact of that? And ttheyn just a related question is, with tthey FHFA annual report out in a couple of weeks, any thought wtheyre -- wtheyttheyr ttheyy might make changes ttheyre as well? Rohit Gupta Bose, so I would say from an FHFA perspective, as I said in my prepared remarks, we applaud FHFA's action in terms of reviewing GSE pricing frameworks and reducing loan level price adjustments for first-time homebuyers as well as certain segments of borrowers below a median income of 100% or 120%. I would say from our perspective in terms of quantifying tthey impact to market size, we are still evaluating that, especially tthey first-time home buying side of it to figure out impact on MI market size competitiveness and against FHA and VA. But I would expect that impact to be somewhat material. But at ttheir point of time, I don't have a range to provide but that's a positive for our market size. And I think on tthey FHA price cut, FHA is going to publish ttheyir actuarial report theyre in tthey coming weeks. And depending on tthey state of tthey fund and FHA's view on wtheyre tthey economy and housing is going, ttheyy would take pricing actions based on that. I do think that, that has an intersection with budget reconciliation, so might not happen as soon as folks have been expecting it, might be kind of closer to first quarter of 2023 versus in fourth quarter of 2022 but that's hard to predict. And that could offset some of tthey benefit from loan level price adjustments that we theyard from FHFA. Operator Tthey next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Geoffrey Dunn Dean, can you provide some detail on tthey latest XOL with respect to weighted average lifetime cost and tthey attachment detachment points? And maybe how ttheyy compare to what you were seeing earlier in tthey year? Dean Mitctheyll Yes, Geoff, thanks for tthey question. So I think from a cost perspective and even from a structure perspective, tthey most recent XOL really kind of follows tthey structure that we've put in tthey market in tthey past. So we typically attach around a 3% attachment point and detach right below tthey upper bounds of tthey PMIERs tier which is typically around tthey 7% level. I'd say from a cost perspective, Geoff, we haven't given a prescriptive cost by structure but we've talked about cost being in tthey kind of low to mid-single-digit cost of capital in tthey past. I would say, given tthey current macroeconomic environment that Rohit, I think did a nice job describing. What we're seeing in tthey market is probably on tthey upper side of that range. Certainly, we still believe our execution in tthey traditional reinsurance market favors tthey capital markets and that's what we've kind of repointed our credit risk transfer engine towards traditional reinsurance market. We just think ttheyre's some better efficiencies, better economics that are -- that we're able to obtain via that channel but nonettheyless, I think it's still coming within tthey range we've talked about in tthey past, just on tthey upper end of that range. And if you -- tthey structure itself, Geoff, just for more specificity, it's on Page 14 in our QFS under Column K. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. Tthey ottheyr question I have is with respect to managing capital. Obviously, wtheyn you think about ultimate claim exposure, ttheyre's a lot of protection from tthey underwriting and tthey bill-up equity of tthey book. But none of that necessarily protects you from delinquency upticks before things get resolved going to claim. So as you look out on '23, I guess, ttheyre's 2 questions. One, how do you think about upstreaming capital from a strong position at tthey underwriting company in face of economic uncertainty? And ttheyn number two, you have strong tail risk protection from your XOL covers but obviously, QSRs might be more theylpful from a PMIERs impact from higtheyr delinquencies. So how do you think about augmenting your reinsurance program with quota share as well? Rohit Gupta Geoff, ttheir is Rohit. So I'll start with tthey first question and ttheyn have Dean ctheme in on both parts of your question. So I think from a managing capital perspective, overall in tthey business, we have built a strong balance ttheyyet since our IPO, that's also reflected by tthey rating's upgrades we got right after our IPO wtheyn tthey recent Moody's upgrade. Our PMIERs buffer -- sufficiency buffer was 174% ttheir quarter or $2.2 billion of excess capital. And that gives us confidence announcing tthey capital actions we announced and obviously, most of ttheym being 2022. But as we project forward in 2023, tthey capital return commitments that are in our existing messaging and announcement is our quarterly dividend which is approximately $100 million for a full year. And ttheyn in addition to that, in Dean's remarks, Dean talked about majority of tthey share buyback happening in 2023. So depending on our view of intrinsic value and wtheyre tthey stock is trading, that could also be part of capital return in 2023. So we feel that at tthey most macro level, those capital commitments, capital return commitments are definitely within our appetite from a capital management perspective. And we feel pretty good about how we are positioned from a capital and balance ttheyyet perspective. I'll let Dean talk about different structures for reinsurance. Dean Mitctheyll Yes. Rohit, I totally agree with your points. Just to piggyback off that in tthey first part. Our focus, Geoff, has been positioning us for -- putting us in a position of strength. Wtheyn we think about that from a finance perspective, we're running multiple scenarios to make sure that we're well positioned with a strong balance ttheyyet with enhanced financial flexibility. And I think Rohit's kind of laid out important steps that we've done to enhance our resiliency. We've increased price. We've enhanced tthey credit profile of our portfolio. And to your point, we furttheyr mitigated risk through our credit risk transfer program. So we're really trying to prepare ourselves for whatever comes down tthey pike, could be prepared to fund tthey growth for tthey business and ultimately balance that with returning capital to shareholders. I think on your second question, so XOL versus quota share to some degree. Look, we have focused on XOL so far because we believe it's tthey most efficient structure to meet our business objectives. And just as a reminder, our business objectives on our credit risk transfer program are really twofold. One, to deliver efficient capital. And wtheyn we think about that, it's typically in tthey PMIERs context. And ttheyn two, for loss volatility protection to protect our balance ttheyyet against tthey unexpected. To date, we believe our structures -- our XOL structures have been tthey most efficient structures in tthey market to accomplish those 2 objectives. I guess tthey proof point ttheyre would be, if you look at our ceded premiums, you have tthey lowest ceded premiums relative to tthey capital credit, I think, across our industry. All that said, we continue to evaluate reinsurance structures are fit for use and we're not adverse to quota share. A quota share may have a place in our credit risk transfer program at some point in tthey future. Again, it's just balancing how well it meets those overarching business objectives, capital efficiency and loss volatility protection. We'll continue to monitor and evaluate a quota share against those objectives. Rohit Gupta Are ttheyre any ottheyr questions in tthey queue? Okay. It seems like those are tthey questions we have at ttheir point of time. So we are going to wrap up tthey call. With that, we appreciate your interest. Thanks, Faizan and thank you all. We appreciate your interest in Enact and look forward to continuing our story in future conversations.