Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - Hayden Investor Relations, LLC Alfred Tobia - Director Clifford Press - Director Conference Call Participants Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC William Gibson - ROTH Capital Partners Operator Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. I will now turn tthey conference over tthey Rob Fink. Please go atheyad, sir. Rob Fink Thank you. Hosting tthey call today are Board Members, Al Tobia and Clifford Press. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey Company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on tthey current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risk factors and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risk factors and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's Gregoryual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC. In addition, during tthey call, tthey company will present non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes that were included in yesterday's earnings release as well as tthey 8-K filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey Company's financial results was issued yesterday after tthey market closed. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey Company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News & Events tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Al. Al, tthey call is yours. Alfred Tobia Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. During tthey second quarter, Acacia's Board implemented a compretheynsive set of governance reforms to complete tthey transformation that began at last year's Gregoryual Shareholder Meeting. In preparing ttheir initiative, we met with nearly all of our large shareholders, soliciting input on tthey company, which shaped Acacia strategy and drove tthey actions of tthey past year. Our shareholders expressed tthey view that tthey IP business is deeply dislocated, offering attractive potential returns for a well-capitalized company with a prudent asset allocation strategy. In response, our new Board of Directors made tthey strategic decision to invest in Acacia's IP business, rationalizing our cost structure and directing wasteful corporate spending to productive licensing assets. With solid capitalization, significant net operating loss carryforwards and a highly relevant Board that includes investors and professionals, we are uniquely positioned to pursue investments that are capable of producing absolute returns over tthey long term. We are also evaluating a number of opportunities wtheyre we have identified value in tthey public markets and can capitalize on ttheym opportunistically with tthey money and skills now represented in Acacia. We have initiated a 5.1% position in Immersion Corporation. On August 1, we filed a Form 13D. In ttheir filing, we stated that we purchased ttheir position because we believe Immersion to be trading at a discount to intrinsic value owing to missteps and errors of strategy that can be corrected to realize tthey value of Immersion's assets. Ttheir investment is consistent with our absolute return strategy and provides us with significant optionality. We will keep our shareholders apprised of future actions theyre. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Specifically tthey ottheyr investments line, accounting rules require us to write off tthey investment in Miso Robotics given tthey company's financial position and current cash burn. Ttheyy are currently pursuing strategic partnerships. I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Clifford for a review of our Q2 results and a discussion of our progress on our go-forward strategy. Clifford Press Thanks Al. Good morning, everyone. I'll provide an overview of tthey second quarter financial results, but more detail is available in tthey press release issued last night and also in tthey upcoming quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC. As a reminder, our focus is on growing Acacia's book value over time. Cash and short-term investments totaled $164.9 million at June 30, 2019 as compared to $165.5 million as of December 31 last year. Revenues for tthey second quarter were $5.5 million. On tthey August 5, Acacia's Board of Directors approved tthey buyback of up to 10 million in Acacia common stock over tthey next 12 months, which could be used, among ottheyr purposes, to offset dilution from equity-based incentive plans. For tthey full-year, we expect revenues of approximately $25 million and net cash from operations of around $5 million before investing about a budgeted $20 million in new IP. I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mr. Brett Reiss from Janney. Please go atheyad. Brett Reiss Hi, Al. Hi, Clifford. Alfred Tobia Hey, Brett. Brett Reiss Could you update us? Did we intake any patent portfolios ttheir quarter? And how does tthey pipeline look tthey next couple of quarters? Clifford Press Tthey pipeline looks good. Ttheir quarter, we actually only closed on around 600,000 of new intake, but we do expect that we will get to approximately $20 million by tthey end of tthey year. Ttheyre's a fair amount of material that's currently in tthey view. Brett Reiss Okay. Wtheyn we're selecting patent portfolios for intake, are we trying to find portfolios that tthey revenue flow will start at a quicker time line than tthey typical patent portfolios in tthey past? Clifford Press Brett, I'm not sure what you're considering tthey typical patent portfolio in tthey past, but we've made a decision not to buy anything simply because it fills a short-term revenue opportunity. We're looking at ttheyse portfolios strictly on tthey basis of tthey return available over tthey complete monetization of tthey assets. And in general, it takes at least a year to two years until we start to see licensing coming in as a rule, but it's all over tthey map. Brett Reiss Okay. Any movement on tthey pharma royalty business that you're looking to develop? Alfred Tobia Well, tthey pharma royalties are an IP opportunity that actually do represent current revenue and income just by tthey nature of ttheym, and we are looking at those opportunities as well. Brett Reiss With respect to tthey 5%-plus position in Immersion, if you could wave a magic wand and get your maximum best wish on that, what would you like to see happen ttheyre? And just some more color. What attracts you to tthey Immersion situation? Clifford Press So Brett, we're a little bit constrained because now that we're public with our Form 13D filing, it would be difficult just to go beyond what was stated in tthey filing. But we made it clear that we felt it was a good asset. It's trading at a discount and represents an attractive value for us to buy at ttheir stage. And we also said that ttheyre are probably some actions that tthey Board of tthey Company could take to correct tthey undervaluation. So I don't know if that's what you're thinking of in terms of tthey magic wand, but we would like to see ttheym address that. Brett Reiss Great. One last one, what's our remaining position in Veritone both with tthey stock and tthey warrants? Alfred Tobia Tthey warrant position remains tthey same as it was. That's unchanged. And tthey stock position were public on tthey 13D filings. So that's all disclosed publicly right now. Ttheyre's no news ttheyre. Brett Reiss Okay. Thank you for taking my questions. I'll drop back in queue. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We're taking our next question from William Gibson from ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. William Gibson Thank you. I'd like to follow-up a little bit on Brett's probing and just in regard to tthey type of IP you are looking for. With investment in a public company, it implies that you're thinking tthey return in a practicing entity could be better than non-practicing. What's sort of your sense of going for tthey IP because some of tthey NPEs have been hard to monetize? Clifford Press Yes. I don't think I understand tthey question. I don't think we're necessarily looking at it as an NPE versus a non-NPE situation. We actually think that issue is probably fading a little bit now. It's been dealt with. And in ttheir case, it's – tthey Company that you're referring to Immersion, it's got some very solid assets. Ttheyy're well tested. Ttheyy've been litigated. Tthey question ttheyre is how tthey asset is being monetized. It's no different than wtheyn we take in assets of tthey same nature and how we go about monetizing ttheym. Alfred Tobia And just to add… William Gibson Yes. Alfred Tobia Look we just went to that. Remember, we have a $200 million plus NOL. So wtheyn you look at adding productive assets to tthey Company, we are – we have an efficient cost structure and we have an NOL. William Gibson Good point. Thank you. Operator It appears that ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir moment. I will turn tthey conference back to tthey management for any closing or additional remarks. Rob Fink Thank you all for joining us today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes your conference for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.