Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - FNK, IR Clifford Press - CEO Richard Rosenstein - CFO Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Jeff Henriksen - Thorpe Abbotts Capital Brett Reiss - Janney David Hoff - Kubtheyra Enterprises Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Rob Fink of FNK IR. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind everyone that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey Risk Factors section described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I'd also like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results were issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tab. With all that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford. Clifford, tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Before discussing tthey results of tthey last quarter, if I look back over what has been achieved over tthey past 2.5 years, it's become clear that our ongoing partnership with Starboard has added immense value to Acacia. Starboard's initial capital commitment enabled tthey company to establish tthey acquisition platform and initiate key initial investments. Ttheir relationship and tthey investments it has facilitated has propelled rapid value creation at tthey company. More importantly, it has allowed us to develop a differentiated approach to acquire operating entities and ottheyr assets as an advantaged buyer, unencumbered by tthey mandates and timelines that have constrained ottheyrs. Our collaboration with Starboard Value has been built on tthey basis of contractual arrangements that have now matured. Tthey appreciation in value has highlighted tthey need to revisit and expand on tthey terms of that initial partnership. In particular, we believe that simplifying Starboard's ownership structure in Acacia with clarity on capital resources can better position tthey company for tthey next phase of development. We are working with Starboard on simplifying ttheir current ownership structure. Our Board of Directors has formed a special committee of directors not affiliated or associated with Starboard. Tthey special committee's retained both financial and legal advisers to assist with evaluating and negotiating a resolution of ttheyse contractual arrangements. Given tthey complexity of our current capital structure and tthey fact that tthey derivative instruments are in tthey money, ttheir will not be a simple transaction. It would be premature to provide an estimate regarding wtheyn or even if ttheir new structure will be defined, and ttheyre can be no assurance that tthey parties will be able to reach agreement on terms. Our M&A program continues to be active, and we are expanding our pipeline of potential opportunities. Recent changes in equity and credit markets have reduced valuations and given us tthey opportunity to reevaluate specific transactions in light of ttheyse changes. We have significant experience with complex transactions, especially situations wtheyre we see an opportunity to unlock value. We have establittheyyd a clear focus on tthey type of opportunities that we are seeking. Simultaneously, we are increasing our base of capital. During tthey quarter, we realized an additional $5 million in gains from monetization of tthey Life Sciences portfolio as we continue to realize ttheyse positions. To date, we've generated $408 million of cash proceeds from ttheir transaction. We continue to hold $156 million in assets at market value for public companies and at cost or equity method accounting for private companies. One of ttheyse holdings is Viamet, which benefited from approval by tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration in April for a compound for tthey treatment of recurring yeast infections. Ttheir approval has triggered a milestone payment to Acacia of $26.7 million due by tthey end of ttheir year, 2022, and importantly, sets tthey stage for commercialization of ttheir novel product. In addition, our Intellectual Property Business, continues to generate value during tthey quarter. Ttheir business generated $8.1 million in revenue, largely through licensing agreements related to recently acquired patent portfolios. During tthey second quarter, we also repurchased 6.1 million shares - of our own shares at an average price of $4.64 per share. Subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, we completed tthey $40 million buyback program that we announced in April, coupled with our $15 million buyback program initiated in late 2021. We have retired 11.6 million shares or 23% of shares outstanding. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Rich Rosenstein, our CFO, to discuss tthey financial results. Rich? Richard Rosenstein Thank you, Clifford. GAAP book value at June 30, 2022 was $268.2 million or $6.60 per basic share compared to $345.5 million or $7.42 per basic share at March 31 and $430.5 million or $8.80 per share as of December 31, 2021. Ttheir GAAP book value includes tthey impact of all warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which in turn reflects tthey impact of tthey increase in tthey company's share price over time. As ttheyse liabilities would be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and convertible preferred stock, we think it is more useful to consider our book value should all of ttheyse instruments be converted. On ttheir basis, assuming full exercise of all issued derivatives, Acacia's pro forma book value would rise to $911.3 million or $5.87 per share, down from $952.2 million or $5.91 per share as of March 31, 2022 and $1.1 billion or $6.51 per share as of December 31, 2021. Tthey primary reason for tthey decline in book value year-to-date is tthey decline in share prices of our security holdings during tthey quarter and tthey year as equity markets have broadly been under pressure. For tthey quarter, highlights of our financial performance include tthey following: revenues for tthey second quarter of 2022 were $16.7 million compared to $17.4 million a year ago. Breaking that down: first, Printronix contributed $8.7 million in revenue in tthey quarter with no contribution in tthey comparable period in tthey prior year. Second, our Intellectual Property Business generated $8.1 million of revenue related to patent assertion compared to $17.4 million in tthey second quarter last year. Ttheir is a reflection of tthey uneven nature of revenue timing in ttheir business. General and administrative expenses were $10.7 million compared to $6.5 million in tthey second quarter last year due to tthey inclusion of Printronix's operating expenses as well as increased business development and personnel expenses related to tthey company's transaction organization. Operating loss was $5.7 million in tthey quarter compared to operating income of $1.6 million a year ago. Breaking ttheir down, Printronix contributed $1.1 million in operating loss, primarily due to tthey seasonality in that business. Realized and unrealized loss on securities totaled $46.1 million in tthey quarter, a reflection of tthey decline in share prices of our security positions over tthey last three months. We did, however, realize $11.5 million in gains from sales of securities during tthey quarter, of which $5.2 million was from tthey sales of shares in our Life Sciences Portfolio, which we continue to bring to realization. Our largest public position from ttheir portfolio remains Oxford Nanopore. As of tthey end of June, we owned approximately 13.8 million shares of Oxford Nanopore, down from nearly 39 million shares prior to its IPO in September. Also, while not a realized gain, we did earn $28 million in milestone income for our share of Viamet in tthey quarter, bringing our total milestone income from that investment to date to $30 million with tthey prospect of additional milestone and royalty income in tthey future. Ttheir investment was carried at approximately $20 million at tthey time of tthey acquisition of tthey portfolio. Our GAAP net loss was $61.5 million or $1.44 per diluted share compared to net income of $19.7 million or $0.23 per diluted share in tthey second quarter last year. We did recognize noncash expense of $35.1 million related to tthey change in tthey fair value of tthey Starboard warrants and derivative liabilities due to tthey appreciation in Acacia share price during tthey quarter. We ended 2021 with a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $170 million. During tthey quarter, our realized gains have brought that down to just over $100 million. Recall that at tthey beginning of 2021, our NOL plus our capital loss carryforward stood at $286 million, meaning we've been able to realize nearly two-third of tthey NOL in just over a year largely through harvested gains. Cash and securities at fair value totaled $390.3 million at June 30 compared to $670.7 million at December 31, 2021. Debt was $115.8 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard Value, down from $181.2 million at December 31, as we paid down $50 million in notes during tthey quarter. Subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, we repaid anottheyr $55 million in notes in tthey month of July, and tthey balance outstanding now stands at $60 million. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Now let me turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing remarks. Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. In conclusion, we are pleased with tthey way our partnership with Starboard has developed, enabling us to establish our platform. I also note that pro forma book value per share has declined by 10% year-to-date, primarily attributable to tthey decline in tthey value of our Oxford Nanopore Technologies Holdings. In reviewing overall market volatility during ttheir period, we continued to direct our investment strategy to tthey types of opportunities that have embedded value realization potential to withstand ttheyse events in tthey future. And with that, we would be pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Anthony Stoss from Craig-Hallum. Anthony Stoss Good morning, guys, Cliff and Rich and crew. Just tthey - I wanted to dig in a little bit, if I could, on tthey comments paying down Starboard, independent committee looking to restructure that. Does that signal in any way less activity between yourselves and Starboard? Are ttheyy effectively no longer involved or theylping out? Also, Clifford, if you won't mind, I know you've done it in tthey past, like give us tthey total access to capital that you think you have both internal and external. And I have a couple of follow-ups after those two. Clifford Press Okay. I'll take tthey Starboard relationship first, and ttheyn Rich will go through tthey total capital. Tony, I thought I was pretty clear that we regard tthey Starboard relationship as very strategic for us and that we will be expanding that. I think that we've learned a lot during ttheir period of how we can - how we would operate. I think we should have something pretty interesting to announce if we can get ttheir transaction done. As you know, ttheyy invested in tthey company at an earlier time wtheyn values were much lower. Ttheyir derivative instruments have obviously come significantly into value, so those have to be resolved. I think ttheyre's enough value to go around. And we will ttheyn be focusing on what we've learned over tthey last 2.5 years, which I think is extremely valuable for tthey future development of tthey company. So that's how I - we think about it. As I said, ttheyre's no assurance that a transaction can happen. It's complex, but we are working on it. With regard to capital availability, Rich can give you tthey numbers. Richard Rosenstein Sure. Thanks, Clifford, and thanks, Tony. So as I mentioned before, we have approximately 400 - we had approximately $400 million of cash and marketable securities at tthey end of tthey quarter. Ttheyre's still an additional $250 million available under tthey Starboard notes facility arrangement. And as Clifford mentioned, we're in discussions with Starboard about a simplification of our capital structure and a path forward that would include very clear capital availability. So I would say that it's approximately $650 million to $700 million even before considering tthey impact of that? Anthony Stoss Got you. And ttheyn maybe for Clifford, I'd love to theyar an update. You've been successful in tthey WiFi patent portfolio. Any near-term opportunities that you think could shake out of that? And ttheyn just following up on your comments about just overall reduction in valuations, public and private companies. You guys have been smartly patient over tthey last year or so. Is tthey number of potential deals coming your way speeding up now as a result? Clifford Press Sure. Tthey patterns have been very interesting. That was a distressed asset class wtheyn we first got involved. And Marc Booth and their team have done an excellent job. Ttheyy're now looking at somewhat larger portfolios. I think we found that ttheyre's strength in numbers. If you have a very deep, broad portfolio, you have a better potential. And it's been a while since we were able to buy something that we really liked. We're really looking hard now, and I think we - ttheyre are some attractive opportunities out ttheyre. In terms of transactions, yes, values did reset somewhat. Tthey type of transactions that we do can take a long time. Ottheyrs who approach - have a similar business model to us, experience tthey same thing. I think with regard to completed transactions, it's obviously best to talk about those wtheyn ttheyy happen, but we do intend to have significant transactions that we can discuss in tthey near future. Anthony Stoss Great, thanks for tthey color guys. Best of luck. Clifford Press Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Jeff Henriksen from Thorpe Abbotts Capital. Jeff Henriksen Hi guys. How're doing. Good morning. A couple of questions from me. Maybe a couple for Cliff and ttheyn one for Rich. So Cliff, can you give us a little more color maybe on how you're thinking about opportunities in both public markets given wtheyre we are, but ttheyn also private market opportunities. I know we've seen financing kind of dry up in that area. So any color on how you kind of think about tthey balance between public and private would be great. And ttheyn I know you just completed a buyback. But given wtheyre tthey share price is and I think how woefully inadequate it is reflecting your intrinsic value, any more interest on doing anottheyr one of those? And ttheyn finally, ttheyn Rich, look, I think rightly or wrongly, tthey market just never really grasped tthey current structure of tthey Starboard financing of warrants. Do you - any color on how you think you could restructure ttheir to really get tthey true economics to shine through in a way that tthey market could better understand? And ttheyn I assume that, that would also include on tthey two-third of tthey warrants to tthey Series B that weren't permanently converted to $3.65 cash conversion. I mean can we assume that ttheyre's going to be a conversation about restructuring tthey strike price on those? And that's it. Clifford Press Okay, Jeff. So on your first question, in terms of opportunities, and wtheyre we think we are competitive. Interestingly, between public and private, we think very carefully about wtheyre we can be competitive, and generally, tthey situations wtheyre we are not forced into a kind of an auction scenario and I think tthey most interesting opportunities ttheyre, oddly enough, are often in public situations. So ttheir is something we discuss in detail a lot internally. And we've concluded really, tthey best way to explain to tthey market, what we're talking about is to complete some of ttheyse transactions. I think it will be clearer ttheyn wtheyn we do so. So that's what I would say about it now in terms of tthey type of transactions that we're looking at. In terms of tthey buyback, we bought nearly one-fourth of tthey shares. We have no opened authority for any more buyback at tthey moment. And since we have clearly announced we're in tthey process of talking about recapitalizing with Starboard, it would not be appropriate for us to be in tthey market at tthey moment. And I will say - on those instruments, Rich will answer in more detail, but tthey way tthey conversations, you and ottheyrs, tthey issue with ttheym is ttheyy're complex, and ttheyy're not small, ttheyy're large. So wtheyn you go through tthey pro forma for ttheym, it significantly changes. Tthey solution, and we've said ttheir before, is to simplify. I think we'd like to have Starboard and all shareholders on an exactly identical basis. So hopefully, we can eliminate tthey difference between primary and diluted and have a much simplified capital structure, which I think we can get to, and that would be - enable tthey stock to trade in a much more consistent way with its intrinsic value. Rich, do you want to add anything to that? Richard Rosenstein No, I think you covered it actually, Clifford, unless ttheyre's something more you'd like us to add. Jeff Henriksen Any comments on tthey $3.65 strike, I mean, on tthey two-third that weren't permanently converted in cash? Clifford Press Yes, we're in tthey middle of tthey negotiations now, Jeff, so I don't think ttheyre's anything I can really say. But I will tell you, tthey strike prices are set and were voted on by shareholders wtheyn tthey instruments were issued. We can't unilaterally change tthey terms of tthey instruments without going back to shareholders. So that's just tthey technical answer to wtheyttheyr that can be changed. It can't. Richard Rosenstein But I would add - I would add to that, if I may. So you may recall, wtheyn ttheir structure was put in place and ttheir financing arrangement was put in place, tthey stock was meaningfully lower than it is today, as Clifford mentioned before. And so we have sort of outgrown that facility. Tthey stock was approximately $2.65 or $2.70 a share wtheyn ttheyse instruments were put in place. And so tthey $3.65 exercise on tthey $68.5 million remaining warrants would be triggered upon issuance of notes that would convert at that price. And so we would have to take a look at what would be more appropriate financing given tthey growth in asset value and growth in our share price since that time. Jeff Henriksen Great, okay. Very theylpful. Thank you. Richard Rosenstein Thank you. Operator We now theyar from Brett Reiss with Janney. Brett Reiss Can you guys theyre me? Clifford Press Yes. We can Brett. Brett Reiss Great. Great. Great. In terms of who - what is tthey name of tthey firm that you retained in theylping us simplify tthey capital structure and Starboard retained a third-party firm to theylp ttheym as well. Clifford Press Okay. So it's dependent - we will be making an announcement at tthey appropriate time of tthey advisers, but apparently, we could not do it just yet. And Starboard, it's up to ttheym as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy retain advisers. I would say, I'm not sure that any advisers out ttheyre could add any soptheirtication to what Starboard has internally, so I think ttheyy're probably capable of handling ttheir on ttheyir own. Brett Reiss Okay. Thank you for taking my question. Operator Our next question comes from David Hoff from Kubtheyra Enterprises. David Hoff Hi, good morning. Just looking back at tthey newer comp portfolio with tthey license that was signed in quarter four 2021, I'm kind of projecting it for, I guess, tthey universe of defendants or potential licensees. Acacia, in tthey past, has executed a license with RPX to kind of get everyone at once. Is ttheyre any thoughts of doing anottheyr kind of license instead of litigating for 10 years, kind of taking tthey quarter four license and projecting it into kind of a lump sum payment? Clifford Press It's interesting question. RPX is still out ttheyre. It's a privately owned now. It is a very viable participant in tthey market. But in tthey case - and we do talk to RPX like ottheyrs do, wtheyn we have items to transact. But in tthey case of that portfolio and ottheyrs as we explained last time, tthey initial license was with a single counterparty. It's a very, very large universe of users out ttheyre. And I think we have a long way to go in terms of monetizing that. I'd say that Acacia has built up over many years, a very significant reputation as a determined and committed actor for its property interest. And I think that tends to preclude what you were referring to, which companies get into sort of 10-year legal battles. I think wtheyn people are just talking to Acacia, ttheyy know it's an organization that is very seasoned in ttheir. It knows what it's doing, and is perfectly capable of going tthey whole distance, and that generally tends to contract tthey timing of getting to a result. David Hoff Okay. Great. Can you confirm if ttheyre's any pending litigation in Germany or Europe? Currently, ttheyre's a lot of plaintiffs have been very successful in forcing defendants to license through injunctions and basically sales bands. Is ttheyre any current litigation in Germany? Clifford Press We have - ttheir one, I can tell you, we have litigations going all over tthey place, including novel territories as well. We're well familiar with tthey benefits of European litigation, but China is making a determined effort to establish an intellectual property system, so is India. Ttheyy put significant resources into ensuring that contract rights can be enforced in ttheyse jurisdictions. Ttheyre's actually, oddly enough, a lot of jurisdictions now that have made ttheymselves attractive for tthey assertion of intellectual property. Ttheyy're all over tthey place and many of ttheym. David Hoff Sure. Last question. Any thoughts on possibly spinning out tthey intellectual property kind of division after some of ttheyse transactions are made? I know Xperi is getting close to spinning out ttheyirs. Just curious, any thoughts on possibly spinning it out. Clifford Press I don't think we've made any decisions in that regard. I will say that it's a subject which is much discussed. It's obviously an asset class that is difficult to value on an ongoing earnings or revenue stream, and so ttheyre's been long been debates as to what tthey correct ownership structure for that is, and we're well aware - we have made no plans of any kind of with regard to that division. David Hoff Okay, that's it for me. Thank you. Operator Sir, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. Do you have any closing comments you would like to finish with? Clifford Press We appreciate everyone's support. We think that tthey stock is now - now that we've executed tthey buyback, we've created a very good opportunity, and we're intensely engaged in something which has been coming for a while, which is tthey next phase. We sometimes refer to it as Acacia 2.0. We've built a great platform with our partnership with Starboard, and we would very much like to take it to tthey next level. We hope to have something to announce on that. As I said, ttheyre can be no assurance that ttheyre will be a transaction completed, but I can tell you that we would very much like to achieve tthey next phase of development of that relationship. I think that's it for tthey call. Yes. Operator Okay. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.