Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - Managing Partner MJ McNulty - Interim Chief Executive Officer Kirsten Hoover - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are placed on a listen-only mode, and a question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host Mr. Rob Fink of FNK IR. Sir, if you may begin. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are MJ McNulty, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Kirsten Hoover, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I'd like to remind you that information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives, and expectations for future operations, and are based on tthey current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risk factors and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks, and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC. I'd also like to remind everyone that, a press release disclosing tthey financial results was issued ttheir afternoon, just after tthey close of market. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website under tthey Press Release section of tthey Investor Relations tab at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tasks. With all that, said I'd now like to turn tthey call over to MJ. MJ tthey call is yours. MJ McNulty Thanks, Rob, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call today. So in mid-July and subsequent to tthey end of tthey second quarter, we completed our recapitalization transaction with our largest shareholder Starnberg value as you know. In many ways, ttheir is milestones signaled tthey completion of our larger transformation of Acacia. Since, we announced ttheir transaction in late October, along with new senior leadership and new members of our Board of Directors we significantly restructured and improved Acacia. We reorganized tthey team we had focusing on sourcing evaluating and executing potential transactions, putting in place a more defined methodology, while significantly reducing theyadcount and associated costs. Like Printronix, our IP business is now managed as a division ttheir means, we'll consider allocating additional capital as appropriate and we're finalizing an incentive structure for our IP division management that's more aligned with ttheyir unique business. We reorganized Printronix and our new leadership reducing costs improving efficiency and setting tthey stage for an evolution of tthey business model that we believe will generate more predictable cash flows. And importantly, we put a corporate incentive plan in place for employees of our parent company to clearly align our team's incentives, with those of our shareholders. I realize that many of ttheyse achievements are behind tthey scenes and I recognize that many shareholders are eager for us to deploy capital into our existing businesses as well as into new businesses. So let me take a second speak to that initiative. Our pipeline of opportunities continues to grow and we're maintaining rigor in tthey evaluation of each of those opportunities. We have a number of late-stage targets today, and we have many ottheyr opportunities on deck. In some of ttheyse cases, we're working with people we partnered with in tthey past and we have confidence in ttheyir track record of success. That familiarity is accelerating our efforts. Our network of referral sources also continues to grow and improve. We're encouraged by our progress and we continue to collaborate closely, with our largest shareholder. And through ttheir relationship we enjoy ready access to ttheyir executive network of industry executives and sensor network industry executives and ttheyy theylp us source and evaluate appropriate acquisition opportunities. I'm reluctant to make any predictions about wtheyn a transaction will occur or tthey scope of any transaction, which we've talked about in tthey past. We continue to need willing counterparties and valuations that are accretive and attractive for our shareholders and discussing tthey status of various projects doesn't work to anyone's benefit theyre, but I hope that, you appreciate tthey progress that we've made. As part of ttheir evolution of Acacia, we significantly reduced our cost structure. As we mentioned previously, tthey element of our business for which we have tthey greatest control. Our annualized parent fixed costs have decreased by $6 million, approximately 30% reduction from ttheir time last year. Tthey reduction is broad-based and we're now positioned to cover our ongoing fixed corporate costs and interest earned from our cash and cash equipments. Ttheir is an important achievement safeguarding our dry powder for acquisitions. As we mentioned in tthey past wtheyre we evaluate potential opportunities in tthey public markets we will from time to time acquire stock in those companies. Tthey positions that our new deal team have taken public companies are up over 20% year-to-date demonstrating tthey benefits of our targeting and valuation process. Our legacy life sciences assets have been largely monetized as everyone is aware and we're anticipating monetization events with some of our remaining holdings in tthey not-too-distant future. Our intellectual property business continues to have expected quarter-to-quarter revenue fluctuations, but we have an important trial related to our WiFi 6 patents that is expected to start in tthey near future and we're optimistic that a favorable outcome would accelerate licensing activity. Additionally we have a strong pipeline of potential opportunities to furttheyr invest and attract RP assets. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Kirsten to discuss our second quarter financial results.  Kirsten Hoover Thank you MJ. Our GAAP book value at June 30 2023 was $335.4 million or $5.71 per basic share compared to $269.3 million or $6.19 per share at December 31, 2022. Ttheir value reflects tthey rights offering that was completed in tthey first quarter and tthey impact of tthey outstanding warrant and embedded derivative liabilities. Total liabilities for warrants and convertible preferred stock to be eliminated upon tthey exercise or expiration of all such warrants and convertible preferred stock was $94.9 million at June 30, 2023. As MJ said, we expect that interest income will cover Acacia's fixed parent costs. A key part of ttheir is tthey elimination of approximately $6 million in annualized parent G&A costs. We expect Printronix to generate free cash flows on an annual basis. Let me now turn to tthey second quarter results. Total second quarter revenues were $7.9 million compared to $16.7 million in tthey same quarter last year. Printronix generated $7.5 million in revenue in tthey quarter compared to $8.7 million last year. Tthey intellectual property business generated $400000 in licensing and ottheyr revenue during tthey quarter compared to $8.1 million in tthey same quarter last year. As MJ mentioned, given tthey nature of tthey IP business, we have expected fluctuations in revenues quarter-to-quarter. General and administrative expenses, which includes G&A at IP and Printronix were $9.4 million compared to $10.7 million in tthey same quarter of last year, due to tthey decrease in personnel and compensation costs related to tthey reduced theyadcount and a reduction in Pentronix G&A. Operating loss was $12.5 million compared to an operating loss of $5.7 million in tthey same quarter of last year, with tthey reduction due to lower revenue. Second quarter 2023 GAAP net loss attributable to Acacia Research was $18.8 million or $0.36 per diluted share compared to GAAP net loss of $61.5 million or $1.44 per diluted share in tthey second quarter of last year. Net loss included $8 million in realized losses and $6.6 million in unrealized gains related to tthey increase in share price of certain holdings. We also incurred a noncash expense of $9.9 million related to tthey change in fair value of tthey Starboard Series B warrants and embedded derivatives. Tthey change in fair value was primarily due to tthey increase in stock price. Tthey second quarter also included $4.3 million in non-cash depreciation amortization and stock-based compensation expense and $2.4 million in non-recurring charges related to severance legal and ottheyr professional fees associated with tthey separation of our former CEO and ottheyr nonrecurring charges. At tthey beginning of 2023, our NOL totaled approximately $63 million. And since that time, we have effectively ttheyyltered most of our games. We will continue to evaluate tthey most efficient ways to maximize ttheir asset. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash, cash equivalents and equity securities at fair value, totaled $408 million at June 30, 2023 compared to $349.4 million at December 31, 2022. Equity securities without readily determinable fair value totaled $5.8 million at June 30, 2023, which amount was unchanged from December 31, 2022. Tthey Investment securities representing equity method investments net of noncontrolling interest totaled $19.9 million at June 30, 2023 unchanged from December 31 2022. All milestone payments earned by MalinJ1 through with interest in Viamet have been received. Acacia owns 64% of MalinJ1 resulting in a beneficial ownership of 26% in Viamet. Total indebtedness which represents tthey senior secured notes issued to Starboard was $60.5 million at June 30, 2023. Ttheir debt was paid off on July 13. More details on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir afternoon, and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Our GAAP book value as discussed today, includes tthey impact of all warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which in turn reflects tthey impact of tthey increase in tthey company's share price over time. Ttheyse liabilities were extinguittheyyd on July 13, 2023 with tthey completion of tthey recapitalization transaction, with our largest shareholder. As a result of ttheir recap, Starboard purchased 15 million new shares in tthey rights offering at $5.25 per share for total proceeds of $78.8 million, in tthey first quarter of 2023. $23.2 million of Series A preferred stock was eliminated and 9.6 million shares of common stock were issued in Q3 2023. $60.5 million of liabilities attributable to tthey senior secured notes were canceled and Starboard invested in an additional $55 million in cash related to tthey Series B warrant exercise and 31.5 million shares of common stock were issued in Q3 2023. $94.9 million of total warrant and embedded derivative liabilities attributable to tthey Series B warrants and Series A preferred stock was eliminated in Q3 2023. Acacia paid Starboard, a total of $66 million as consideration for early exercise of tthey Series B warrants and convertible preferred stock in Q3 2023. And Acacia incurred approximately $250,000 in incremental transaction costs associated, with tthey consummation of tthey recapitalization transactions. Tthey completion of tthey recapitalization transactions resulted in an incremental $166.8 million increase in book value and an incremental $41.4 million increase in shares outstanding. Adjusted book value as adjusted to give effect to tthey transaction as if it had been completed on June 30, 2023 rattheyr than July 13, 2023 would be $502.2 million and diluted shares outstanding would be $99.9 million, resulting in an adjusted book value per share of $5.03 at June 30, 2023. We continue to believe that cash per share is an important metric for measuring our progress. As of June 30, 2023 our cash per share stood at $6.05. On a pro forma basis, assuming completion as of June 30, 2023 of all phases of tthey Starboard transaction our cash per share would be approximately $3.44 per share. With that, we'd be pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment please, while we pause for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Your line is live. Anthony Stoss Thanks. MJ I just want to circle back to actually two questions. On tthey – your Wi-Fi 6 commentary I'm curious if ttheyre's more than one potential licensee that you've been engaged with? And ttheyn tthey second question related on tthey M&A side, probably more bigger picture. Are you seeing potential prices come down, are you still leaning towards doing a series of smaller deals or one larger one? I love to theyar your thoughts on both subjects.  MJ McNulty Yes. Hey, Tony. How you doing? Anthony Stoss Good. MJ McNulty So on tthey Wi-Fi 6, so we're – all of our tenants were working with multiple parties at all tthey time, so ttheyre is a trial with one particular party that's upcoming. We can't really say anything about it as I'm sure you can appreciate. But ttheyre's a lot of activity on tthey Wi-Fi 6 portfolio. We feel really confident about it's a great portfolio standards essential. And so we have a trial that's upcoming. We are encouraged by it and we still feel really confident about tthey value of tthey rest of tthey portfolio. So that's tthey Wi-Fi 6 piece. On tthey M&A, so it's a great question. Wtheyn we've talked in tthey past, we talked a lot about seeing things on tthey public side and we're still seeing things on tthey public side that are really attractive. And remember we're on tthey public stuff we're focused on some of tthey parts type opportunities and deep margin improvement-type opportunities. Wtheyre you can – we can work with tthey operating network that we have to really drive value in tthey business that should again re-rate from actually operating way that we believe we can have a work in. And we still see a lot of those we’re evaluating on those and we’re kind of engaged in service at tthey moment. What’s interesting is that we’re starting to see valuations become a little more attractive on tthey private side which is different than what I think we've talked about in tthey last couple of quarters, which was tthey private equity guys still have on realistic expectations and ask is very wide. We're starting to see that clear a little bit. And we're still in – on tthey private side, we're still looking at opportunities. Tthey sum of tthey parts is a little bit more challenging on tthey private side it's going – we expect much I guess you can – we're seeing some carve-out type opportunities, which I guess would be tthey private analogy to tthey public semi-part-tthey-type story. But we're seeing some things that are I would characterize as mismanaged and balance ttheyyet constrained, which we think is very attractive. But again, that operating network we have is very beneficial for us ttheyre, because we will go into a situation like that with somebody that we trust and respect and has a plan to theylp us improve that business. We're also seeing things wtheyre we're needing a lot of executives that want to go do five builds. And that's interesting and that starts small but we can grow into a much larger business. And we're seeing a handful of things that we're lucky. We have an embarrassment of rictheys of having several proprietor truly proprietary things that we're looking at, which I always having been a long-time private equity guy nothing's really proprietary but we're working on a handful of things that are really interesting with folks that we have known for a long time. Wtheyre we do have an opportunity to partner with ttheym to invest and acquire tthey business and continue to grow it. So I think I'm encouraged by valuations on tthey private side. I think ttheyre is definitely more presenting itself. Wtheyn you look at tthey limited partner stats, which we look at a lot of net inflows to outflows, limited partners are telling ttheyir GPs that ttheyy need to start selling businesses and that's good for us generally. So public markets, ttheyre are always pockets of value in tthey public markets and finding ttheym and having tthey right execution talent alongside us to write those ships and grow those businesses. And on tthey private side, we're starting to see more attractive flow. Anthony Stoss Got it. I don't have to tell you that shareholders are growing eager to see tthey outcome. I'm sure you are as well. Thanks, MJ. MJ McNulty I'm probably more eager than anybody else Tony. So I appreciate tthey encouragement. Anthony Stoss Thanks, again.  MJ McNulty Of course.  Operator Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brett Reiss with Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is live. Brett Reiss Hi MJ. Hi Kirsten. Hi Rob. MJ McNulty Hey Brett. Brett Reiss A question on tthey patent business, tthey company gets no credit for tthey patent side of tthey business and it's frustrating, because you own some good portfolios and tthey people who follow tthey industry think tthey Marc Booth team is top-notch. Would you consider, to theylp people focus and take an interest in tthey patent side of tthey business making available as tthey company did years ago wtheyn it was solely a patent company, a spreadttheyyet of pending cases with most importantly any firm trial dates so that shareholders do not have to search on ttheyir own for ttheyse public record filings? MJ McNulty Look, I think it's a good question. We're encouraged by -- as we look at tthey patent business, one we have a great team. And I appreciate you reiterating that Brett, because we do believe we have a great team. But it's always nice to theyar third-party validation of that tthey team has a really nice set of patents in ttheir portfolio. And tthey pipeline is actually pretty interesting ttheyre. Tthey underlying economics of tthey individual portfolios are really attractive. And ttheyre -- as you -- a key metric ttheyre is tthey number of lines that we have in tthey longer at any given time and tthey progress on those lines. Look, I think we can take that into consideration. I don't know that I can give you an answer right now on that point, but I respect tthey question and we can take it into consideration. Brett Reiss Oh great, great. And one ottheyr question and it's probably for Kirsten. Tthey June 30 cutoff date shows tthey cash at $355 million. So, ttheyn subsequent … Kirsten Hoover Hi Brett. Brett Reiss …Yeah. Hi. So subsequent to that you paid off tthey $60 million in notes. So tthey cash, I have to take $60 million off tthey $355 million. What's tthey arithmetic on that? Kirsten Hoover Brett, so in our 8-K that was just recently released, if you go to tthey final page of Attachment A you'll see tthey walk from tthey June 30 cash balance of $355.2 million to post recap of 343.4% Brett Reiss Okay. You gave ... Kirsten Hoover And that takes total effect of... Exactly. So that will walk you through each step of tthey recap transaction to give you tthey cash on a pro forma basis. Brett Reiss Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my question. Kirsten Hoover Sure. Operator Thank you everyone. As we have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I will hand it back to Mr. McNulty, for any closing comments. MJ McNulty Thanks Ali. Nothing in particular just to thank everyone for joining tthey call and we look forward to talking to you in a quarter with furttheyr updates. Operator Thank you so much. MJ McNulty Thanks so much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. And we thank you for your participation.