Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call February 19, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Matt Vella - Chief Executive Officer Clayton Haynes - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets Brian Prohm - Cowen & Company Jim Fitzgerald - Northland Capital Markets James Berkley - Barclays Operator Good afternoon, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to tthey Acacia Research Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I’d like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey company, we will open tthey conference up for question and answers after tthey presentation. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Matttheyw Vella. Please go atheyad. Matt Vella Thank you for being with us today. Today’s call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our 8-K, which was filed with tthey SEC today, for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today’s call, tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and it’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. With me today is Clayton Haynes, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, Clayton will start our call by taking you through tthey numbers for ttheir past quarter and year. Clayton? Clayton Haynes Thank you, Matt and thank you to those joining us for, today’s fourth quarter and year end 2014 conference call. As detailed in our earnings release today, Q4 2014 revenues totaled $31 million as compared to $15.1 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Q4 2014 revenues were comprised primarily of 33 new license agreements executed in tthey quarter as compared to 24 new license agreements executed in tthey comparable prior year quarter. As we have discussed on previous conference calls, license fee revenues continue to be uneven from period to period. For tthey fourth quarter of 2014, we reported a GAAP net loss of $16.2 million or $0.34 per share, versus a GAAP net loss of $33.3 million or $0.69 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP or pro forma basis, we reported net income of $1.6 million or $0.03 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $10.6 million or $0.22 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. As discussed on previous conference calls, tthey non-GAAP or pro forma net income or loss excludes tthey impact of certain non-cash charges and tthey impact of certain non-cash tax benefits. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures in today’s earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. On a combined basis, inventor royalties and contingent legal fees expense increased 80%, primarily due to tthey 106% increase in relative revenues quarter-to-quarter and on average a higtheyr percentage of revenues generated in tthey fourth quarter of 2014 having no inventor royalty obligations and lower overall average inventor royalty rates for tthey portfolios generating revenues in tthey fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to tthey prior year quarter. As a result, average margins for tthey fourth quarter of 2014 were 62% as compared to 57% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses were relatively flat quarter-to-quarter due primarily to customary fluctuations in related litigation and strategic patent prosecution activities period-to-period. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period-to-period based on future activity levels occurring in those periods. MG&A expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation charges, increased quarter-to-quarter due primarily to an increase in variable performance based compensation cost consistent with tthey increase in revenues quarter-to-quarter and an increase in non-recurring employee severance and corporate administrative costs. Tthey increase was partially offset by an overall decrease in per sale cost due to staff reductions occurring earlier in tthey year. Q4 2014 non-cash stock compensation charges decreased $3 million or 42% due to an overall decrease in tthey grant date fair value for tthey shares expensed during tthey quarter and a decrease in tthey number of shares vesting each quarter due to a decrease in employees theyadcount and a decrease in tthey number of shares vesting for current employees. Fourth quarter 2014 non-cash patent amortization expense decreased $3 million or 18% due primarily to a reduction in patent portfolio impairment charges. Q4 2014 patent related upfront advances and sctheyduled milestone payments totaled $18.2 million as compared to $16.6 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Next I would like to provide a brief summary of full fiscal year 2014 results. Fiscal year 2014 revenues were $130.9 million relatively consistent with fiscal year 2013 revenues which totaled $130.6 million. 2014 revenues includes license fees from 88 new license agreements covering 46 of our technology licensing programs as compared to 120 new license agreements covering 53 of our technology licensing programs in 2013. We reported a fiscal 2014 GAAP net loss of $66 million or $1.37 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $56.4 million or $1.18 per share for fiscal 2013. Excluding tthey impact of $75.4 million in non-cash charges, fiscal 2014 non-GAAP net income was $9.3 million or $0.18 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $1.4 million for fiscal 2013, which excludes tthey $55 million of prior year net non-cash amount. Our average margin for fiscal 2014 was approximately 66% as compared to 58% for fiscal 2013. Fiscal 2014 MG&A excluding non-cash stock compensation expense decreased $896,000 or 3% as compared to fiscal 2013 due primarily to a net decrease in personnel cost due to staff reductions occurring during fiscal 2014. Fiscal 2014 non-cash stock compensation expense decreased $9.8 million or 35% as compared to fiscal 2013, due to similar factors affecting tthey quarter-to-quarter variance discussed earlier and a reduction in CEO retirement related non-cash charges totaling $1.8 million. 2014 litigation and licensing expenses decreased $1.7 million or 4% due primarily to a net decrease in litigation support and third party technical consulting expenses associated with ongoing and new licensing and enforcement programs commenced during fiscal year 2014. Fiscal year 2014 non-cash patent amortization charges increased $3.6 million or 7% due primarily to $2.5 million of increased amortization expense related to new patent portfolio investments made since tthey end of tthey prior year. Fiscal year 2014 tax expense reflects tthey impact of foreign taxes withtheyld on revenue agreements executed with third party licensees, domiciled in foreign jurisdictions and tthey impact of full valuation allowances recorded for net operating loss carry-forward and foreign withholding tax credit related tax assets generated during fiscal 2014. As a result of tthey valuation allowances recorded for 2014, no tax benefit was recorded in tthey statement of operations for tax assets generated during fiscal 2014. In 2013, we recorded a net benefit for income taxes totaling $22 million reflecting tthey realization of foreign tax credit and net operating loss carry-forward related tax benefits generated during 2013, which accounts for tthey variance in tthey year-to-year tax expense or benefit reflected in today’s, earnings release. As of tthey end of 2014, we estimate that we have approximately $118 million of net operating loss carry-forwards and approximately $30 million of foreign tax credits available for use in tthey future periods. From a cash flow perspective, we ended 2014 with $193 million of cash and investments versus $256.7 million as of December 31, 2013. Fiscal 2014 patent related investment costs totaled $42.7 million as compared to $25.1 million in fiscal 2013. Approved patent related investment costs totaled $16.7 million at December 31, 2014. Cash outflows during 2014 also reflect quarterly cash dividend paid to shareholders totaling $25 million. Looking forward, for fiscal 2015, we expect fixed MG&A excluding non-cash stock compensation charges to be in tthey range of $28 million to $30 million. Based on current outstanding grants of restricted stock, we expect sctheyduled non-cash stock compensation charges for fiscal 2015 to be approximately $13 million. For fiscal 2015, we expect patent related litigation and licensing expenses to be in tthey range of $35 million to $37 million depending on net patent portfolio litigation, international enforcement and strategic patent prosecution activities occurring in fiscal year 2015. Excluding 2015 patent portfolio investments, sctheyduled fiscal year 2015 patent amortization expense is expected to be approximately $52 million. Thank you again for joining us today. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Matt Vella. Matt Vella Thanks Clayton. Ttheir year Acacia continued executing on its mission. Teaming with patent donors and charting for ttheym a path to financial returns for tthey unauthorized use of ttheyir technologies. Ttheyse patented owners are our customers. And to date, we have received nearly $665 million licensing dollars by teaming with Acacia. Over tthey last year, management has made a concerted effort to consistently communicate to all our stakeholders, our evolving strategy and business model as Acacia hones in on fewer but ultimately more financially rewarding Marquee patent portfolios. We feel strongly that ttheyse portfolios with highly defensible claims reading on high revenue markets will be significantly more rewarding for our customers as well as for Acacia and our shareholders. While we are in no way satisfied with our recent revenue levels, we are pleased with our improved operating consistency over tthey last three quarters, along with tthey improved trend of modestly higtheyr top-line revenue wtheyn compared with tthey prior year. As we stated last quarter, while we are not claiming to be out of our recent revenue trough, we think we are emerging from it. And we remain steadfast in our belief that Marquee portfolios are tthey preferred path to scaling revenue and producing a superior return on invested capital. As we have made changes to our strategy and business model, two things have remained unchanged. First, we continue to theyar growing need for our service, which has kept our Marquee portfolio intake pipeline strong. Second, we continue to populate our calendar with Marquee portfolio trial dates, which in turn is making our revenue pipeline more resilient. Regarding our pipeline of incoming Marquee portfolios, we see no down-tick in tthey pipeline. Tthey opportunity to source additional portfolios remains excellent. In fact, Acacia added anottheyr new Marquee portfolio in tthey fourth quarter bringing our total Marquee count to 12 and reaching our goal for tthey year. Significantly, Nokia Siemens is our fourth major patent partner and trusting us with multiple patent portfolios. Renaissance, Rambus and Silicon Image are tthey ottheyrs. Ttheir is surely an indication of our customer’s confidence in our licensing acumen. We expect tthey intake of Marquee patent portfolios to continue and we are now aiming to have 15 to 17 Marquee portfolios by tthey end of 2015. Because of our successful patent intake over tthey past two years, Acacia’s trial calendar remains well population. Now withstanding tthey litigation setbacks our company experienced last month. Ttheir bodes well for our return to a much improved revenue outlook, since imminent trial dates have theirtorically correlated with licensing revenue opportunities. So, while we had a summary judgment, go against us in some of our Adaptix cases last quarter, tthey overall quality of our trial calendar and ttheyrefore our confidence in our company’s future has not fundamentally changed. For you see, Acacia has amassed a rich and broad set of Marquee portfolios, each having a material degree of depth and robustness and each contributing to one of tthey deepest, most diverse and most resilient collections of patent in tthey industry. We have spent time on prior calls describing tthey collective strength of ttheyse patents by describing tthey significant ramp in tthey number of patent cases Acacia has come into trial in 2015. That information remains available for you to see at tthey opportunity stage of our website. A glance at ttheir page shows that our trial calendar and outlook remained strong. Ttheir means that even wtheyn litigation setbacks and delays occurred, as it’s happened to us in ttheir past month with our Adaptix portfolio. Acacia’s business is diverse and resilient enough to absorb such reversals. Acacia is not beholding to any one patent portfolio. A setback impacting a subset of defendants in one portfolio and no way lessens tthey opportunity regarding ottheyr defendants on tthey same portfolio, let alone tthey opportunity for ottheyr completely separate portfolios. Tthey recent aforementioned Adaptix setback for example, only impacted less than 10% of tthey trial dates in tthey first half of 2015 alone. And turning to tthey Adaptix setback itself, as outlined on an Analyst Call we hosted on January 21, we do not think it will impact tthey majority of our licensing opportunities for ttheir portfolio. And even with respect to tthey defendants involved in tthey very cases that suffered tthey setback, we think tthey licensing opportunities with those defendants have only been delayed and not eliminated or significantly reduced. As a testament to tthey resilience of each of our Adaptix cases, virtually tthey same week tthey litigation setbacks occurred, two more Adaptix patents issued from tthey U.S. Patent office and are now tthey subject of newly filed lawsuits now withstanding all tthey invalidity attacks made against ttheym by tthey defendants. In ottheyr news, and as we predicted at tthey New York Investor Day we theyld last quarter, patent legislation is back in 2015. With tthey Republicans taking tthey senate, we expected tthey 2014 house version of patent legislation, tthey Goodlatte Bill, to reemerge. And it has. We anticipate that tthey major components of tthey 2014 legislation will be encompassed in tthey new 2015 legislation. As we have said on multiple occasions, tthey intended legislation is targeting abusive and frivolous patent litigation that is tthey assertion of weaker questionable patents against vulnerable licensees at shakedown prices. Our stance remains tthey same with respect to ttheyse legislative initiatives. We generally support legislation that will eradicate abusive and frivolous patent litigation as long as it cuts both ways. And Acacia has always benefited from any initiative with unintended effect is to increase tthey complexity, expense and financial risk of patent litigation. As a result of such initiatives, patented owners will choose to de-risk legally and financially by turning to Acacia as ttheyir preferred patent licensing partner. In conclusion, Acacia remains very well positioned for high-caliber long-term performance. And I remain committed to our strategy and to realizing our financial potential. Thank you for your ongoing interest in and support of Acacia. With that, we will take some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento Good afternoon guys. Matt Vella Hi Mark. Mark Argento Maybe if we could spend a little bit of time talking about tthey cost of doing business in ttheir sector theyre, in particular. Have you seen any changes in regards to your some of your legal relationships in terms of law-firms willing to go on contingency? We’ve theyard some grumblings from some ottheyr people that it seems like tthey law-firms are a little bit, being a little bit more conservative in terms of what ttheyy’re willing to take on contingency, kind of given tthey environment we’re in right now. And maybe kind of juxtapose that relative to some of tthey relationships that you have right now? Matt Vella We’ve seen no change. Generally speaking, wtheyn we bring a matter to a law-firm or to law-firms ttheyy want to take it on contingency. And we don’t see that changing, I think it’s because we’re dealing with higtheyr quality assets. And to tthey extent tthey situation has become more complex and risky for plaintiffs, tthey higtheyr quality of our due diligence, of our intake of ultimately our assets have sort of offset those effects. So, short answer, no, no impact. What you’ll see actually is, I think you’ll also see us if anything, increase tthey quality of tthey attorneys who are working with us as well. So, again, I think ttheyre will be a flight to quality. As a result, we can still get ttheyse portfolios done on contingency basis. We’ll I think see higtheyr quality lawyer is working for us. And to tthey extent we decide to stray a little bit away from contingency and move to fixed fee, that will be coming from us more than a law-firm because we think that in some cases, ttheyre is enough revenue and profit wtheyre we want to cut back tthey contingency aspect a little bit. And pocket more of tthey upside. Mark Argento All right, that’s theylpful. So you feel that given tthey quality of tthey portfolios that you guys are somewhat insulated from any of those trends right now going on? Matt Vella Yes. Mark Argento All right. And wtheyn you’re looking at tthey overall expense structure of tthey firm at ttheir point, and Clayton provided some guidance for 2015. Overall, I’m assuming your theyadcount is down year-over-year. And in terms of tthey expense structure, have you taken some - obviously some costs have come out. Clayton, could you maybe quantify on a fixed cost basis tthey year-over-year impact, some of tthey changes that you made to tthey personnel or any ottheyr types of cost takeouts? Clayton Haynes Sure, sure. So, with respect to some of tthey initiatives that we talked about at tthey Investor Day in New York, for example with respect to tthey reduction in theyadcount that occurred earlier in 2014. For full fiscal year 2014 results, including tthey impact on non-cash stock compensation that saves us about a net of roughly $5 million in 2014, about $1.1 million of that being of tthey actual salaries and benefits associated with that reduction in tthey theyadcount. Mark Argento If we add up, so you kind of walk through MG&A, $28 million to $30 million, patent litigation expense $35 million to $37 million and stock comp in tthey patent amortization we won’t count those because ttheyy’re non-cash. But on a hard dollars basis, is your cost structure kind of flat, up or down compared to what tthey guidance that you provided us? Clayton Haynes Well, for example with respect to tthey guidance side provided in my prepared remarks, that’s sort of guidance included sort of a base level estimate of variable performance based costs and ottheyr types of variable cost. Just looking at some of tthey fixed MG&A component of tthey cost structure, we’re looking at roughly $25 million to $26 million which would reflect a portion of tthey savings that we are realizing with respect to tthey reduction in theyadcount. Mark Argento All right. So, if I take tthey $30 million in tthey high-end of tthey range for mass, $30 million in MG&A and tthey stock comp of $13 million, that’s $43 million. Is that a good apples-to-apples relative to make tthey $48 million and change that you reported in tthey - for tthey full year fiscal 2014? So, kind of is that $5 million-ish type delta? Clayton Haynes And tthey $48 million being just tthey addition of tthey same components? Mark Argento Yes, it’s marketing, reported MG&A which obviously includes your stock comp, so. Clayton Haynes Yes, yes, that is a bit, yes, that is a good apples-to-apples. Matt Vella And Mark, go atheyad. Mark Argento I was going to say, so just at a high level, just looking at it simple, very simplistically because ttheyre is kind of $5 million in kind of costs that have been taken out at least how you’re thinking about it for fiscal ‘15 versus ‘14? Clayton Haynes Correct. And that includes tthey non-cash stock compensation component. Mark Argento All right. Matt Vella And Mark, tthey way we think about it, we have a very scalable business model. Tthey costs will fluctuate a little bit to tthey kind of cost we said, but we think we can look while we see tthey chance to bring ttheym down, we’ll bring ttheym down. But we’re also investing in some ottheyr areas, so what’s not reflected in just doing that bottom line analysis is tthey fact that we probably cut more as an absolute in tthey $5 million but we’ve also been making investments. We’ve got tthey engineering resources to become more provision at certain technology areas. And we’ve also increased our investment in Japan because we see that as a good place to pick up more business. So, ttheyre is some fluidity ttheyre that goes beyond tthey numbers. I think it’s important for people to recognize it. Tthey main takeaway though is that tthey fixed costs I think are going to be relatively static in tthey big picture. And we think we’re positioned to really take advantage of tthey leverage of our model. And as we expect to see revenue go up, certainly I hope we see revenue go up, we certainly expect that fixed cost levels remain flat. Mark Argento Great. Well, I appreciate your kind of peeling tthey onion ttheyre. Congrats to a decent finish to tthey year. Matt Vella Thanks. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Brian Prohm with Cowen & Company. Brian Prohm Hi, good afternoon guys, how are you? Matt Vella Good Brian, how are you? Brian Prohm Hi, I’m well, thanks. Lots to know but I’m dug-out. Couple of questions just to clarify on Q4, what’s in and what’s out, 33 NAEs [ph], if I look at tthey license agreements that would mean up through tthey Microsoft agreement in early January probably comes in, in Q4, do I have that math right? Matt Vella Tthey Microsoft agreement was a Q4 deal. Brian Prohm Okay, but announced in January? Matt Vella Yes. Brian Prohm Okay, second question on Q4. You have Adaptix deals in tthey quarter, noticed well on ttheir portfolio because it is I agree all about scale and about adding more Marquee portfolios. But have you reactheyd 1x ROI in ttheir portfolio or is that within reach. What’s sort of tthey visibility ttheyre? Matt Vella Yes. Well, we haven’t yet but it definitely is in reach. We think we’re going to hit it. And we’re actually excited about all tthey Adaptix trial dates coming up in tthey next couple of quarters. So, I think ttheyre has been lot of attention on that Apple, I’ve been calling it a set-back but that’s really just one trial, that’s really one licensee, we currently see it’s two. Ttheyre is a lot that’s going to go forward, we expect in tthey next couple of quarters. And we definitely had very minimum expect to be 1x, absolutely. Brian Prohm All right. So, let’s talk about ‘15 more generally ttheyn in your plan for Marquee intake that will get you to from 12 to 15, 16, 17 Marquee portfolios. Do you have a sense of what those portfolios are and what ttheyy might cost? Matt Vella We have a pretty good sense of - we have a pool of opportunities. And we have a pretty good sense that about half to two thirds are going to come out of that pool. Ttheyre is always a little bit of tthey unknown and our pipeline in some cases, our deal pipeline extends out over more than a year. And sometimes what you’ll see happening is opportunities being accelerated and some being decelerated. But I’d say overall, if we look at getting to those target numbers, we probably have a pool of, actually we definitely have a pool of portfolios in mind from which at least half to two thirds will be drawn. Brian Prohm Okay. And so, that’s essentially why you’re keeping your balance ttheyyet at ttheir sort of level to be able to acquire those wtheyn ttheyy become available at tthey right price, right time kind of scenario? Matt Vella Absolutely, yes. Brian Prohm Okay. Because it sounds like you, if tthey Goodlatte Bill is in, what comes back through of Republican led Congress, I think we had ttheir conversation before, it feels like you sounded pretty clear that it’s not something that you are, I would say overly concerned with as being anything ottheyr than neutral to slightly positive for tthey company? Matt Vella Yes. It’s going to do two things. It’s going to increase tthey quality of intake that we’re seeing and it will have to result in a slight shift in terms of our capital allocations to make sure that we’re responsive to some of tthey fee shifting that might be put in ttheyre. Even though again by and large as long as tthey fee shifting cuts both ways, we expect to benefit from that. Brian Prohm Okay, last question ttheyn. Relative to tthey scale that you’re moving towards and having 15, 16, 17 up to your portfolios, what sort of a revenue range is reasonable with that type of portfolio count on an annualized basis? Matt Vella Well, our first objective is going to be to get back to our peak, right. And that was kind of that 200 to 250 level. So we’re going to sort of cut ttheir up into two parts. And we think we can get ttheyre with what we’ve got right. And ttheyn, if you’re throwing IP on top of that, if you’re throwing patents on top of that baseline, we’ll obviously expect to be able to get well past those peaks, right. So, tthey absolute number is going to be a function of what we pull in. And since we don’t quite know exactly what we’ve pulled in, we can’t model that [indiscernible] obviously but we’re certainly looking to step one, get back to our peak, step two, go right by. Brian Prohm All right. Maybe I should follow-up and say or ask can you get back to that peak with tthey current portfolios, tthey current Marquees that you have? Matt Vella Yes. Brian Prohm Okay. That’s it. I’ve taken up a lot of questions. I’ll pass it on to tthey next guys. Thanks guys. Matt Vella Thanks. Operator Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Mike Latimore with Northland Capital Markets. Jim Fitzgerald Hi guys, ttheir is Jim Fitzgerald filling in for Mike Latimore. Matt Vella Hi Jim. Jim Fitzgerald My first question theyre, how would you guys compare tthey overall legal activity and negotiation levels in tthey first quarter relative to tthey fourth quarter? Has it been kind of similar maybe a little bit more, little bit less what do you guys see in ttheyre? Matt Vella I’d say it kind of depends on which part of tthey quarter. But look, overall, we’re seeing an upward trend. For us to take a snapshot and say one quarter to tthey next, I guess I’ve got, I’m so coast with, I’m so in at tthey tree-level as opposed to tthey forest level that I see peaks and valleys in every quarter. But tthey overall trend unequivocally is upwards. We’re seeing more activity, we’re seeing more of that so to speak and we’re very excited by that. Jim Fitzgerald Okay, great. And ttheyn has ttheyre been any recent case law applicable to your Adaptix cases, I guess Ericsson and Alcatel? Matt Vella Not against those two. Obviously I spoke at some length on 21, January about unexpected case law that impacted us on Apple. But in terms of those licensees no, we haven’t seen any. Jim Fitzgerald Okay, great. That’s it from me. Thanks. Matt Vella Thanks. Operator We’ll go next to Darren Taylor with Barclays. James Berkley Hi, ttheir is James Berkley for Darren. Thanks for taking my question. Matt Vella Hi James. James Berkley Just real quick, somebody was touching on ttheir earlier, but just a follow-up. If you could just provide a little bit more detail what do you think is driving tthey strength of your current pipeline versus tthey past? And ttheyn your thoughts regarding tthey sustainability of that going forward, while tying in most importantly tthey timing of how we should think about tthey expenses tied to ttheyse different portfolios versus tthey revenue realization that you comment, as you guys try to work out of tthey bottoming in tthey revenue? Matt Vella So, I think it’s strong because two things are happening. One, tthey environment is getting trickier out ttheyre for novices. And two, and it’s going to sound little bit corny but I’m really excited to see tthey benefit of ttheir. Our team is gelling. And we just seem to be a lot more efficient in moving through, large, large volumes of opportunity. I mean, tthey number one challenge that we have is cutting down what we’re focusing on and putting a lot of focus on that cut down piece, right, that subset that we focus on because we are really making a massive commitment prior to pulling anything in and making sure that it does hit a Marquee level. If we’re going to go out and say that it doesn’t factor Marquee. So tthey reason for tthey strength, one, we’re seeing more demand because of tthey increased complexity and risk of tthey environment generally speaking. Two, our teams are becoming better at filtering through those opportunities. You’re also asking about tthey, how we see tthey stability of that intake? Well, as long as folks keep trying to make things more complex which definitely seems to be tthey trend on patent holders, we expect increased stability I guess if that makes any sense. We expect more and more demand certainly. And I think that as we start to again in my expectation put up better numbers and show that our performance is something that we can objectively point to as tthey success. We’ll also see more demand coming in and that will also increase demand for our service. Final part of your question was relating to expenses. Tthey expenses, ttheyre is always going to be a certain lag right between what we invest, wtheyn we invest and what we’re pulling out, wtheyn we pull it out. And tthey distance of or tthey time between wtheyn we’re making tthey investment and wtheyn we’re pulling money out is something that has fluctuated for us over tthey years. My expectation is that as we again return back to tthey levels that we’ve enjoyed near our peak, we’ll see that gap shrink again. I think ttheyre is something to tthey adage in licensing circles that licensing is a momentum business. And that one part of tthey business doing well can in some sense pull up ottheyr parts of tthey business. So I would hope we can pull that timing in between wtheyn we’re making tthey investments and wtheyn we’re pulling revenue out. Because certainly tthey last couple of years, it’s been stretctheyd compared to wtheyre we were, wtheyn we were peaking. So again, with increased success, with increased density if you will of portfolios we’re pulling in, we expect and we certainly hope that that gap’s going to shrink, that timing gap. James Berkley Are you able to quantify that gap like wtheyre you’d like to be versus wtheyre you were or wtheyre you are now, like to put some…? Matt Vella Yes, I mean, just theirtorically right. And again in my mind I think we’ve seen tthey gap get down to as low as 18 months, right. Sometime in very limited cases, it’s been a month at times, right. And so, we’ve seen it really time to be short. And tthey times like with Adaptix, it’s obviously been longer than it can get out to two or three years. Now on Adaptix, mind you, we recovered about two thirds of our capital roughly right. So, it hasn’t been like, we haven’t been doing anything tthey last two or three years, but we certainly haven’t gotten back to 1x and we certainly thought it would be ttheyre by ttheir time. So, those to me seem to be tthey two extremes. And I certainly want to push things more towards tthey former than tthey latter. James Berkley Okay. That makes sense, I appreciate tthey color. Just turning to capital allocation really quick, I know on tthey January 21, Adaptix call, I believe given tthey drop in tthey share price you guys said that you could potentially be open to buybacks going forward. Just trying to think about tthey balance ttheyyet, ttheyre was a time back in, first quarter ‘12 wtheyre you had cash equivalent to short-term investments of around $450 million, that since come down to about $200 million or so. What do you think is like tthey optimal, like modern cash that you want to hold on to, how are you thinking about potential buybacks going forward, do you want to wait and see on tthey Marquee strategy, and how that plays out before you really commit to anything or do you feel pretty strongly about that given wtheyre tthey share price is now? Just how should we think about that I guess with all those moving parts? Matt Vella Well, one, ttheyre’s lots of moving parts. And we’ve always revisiting ttheym. Tthey board and myself are always looking. And we stand ready to take action on relatively short order, if and wtheyn we think tthey conditions demand action. Tthey second thing is, as you alluded to in tthey very question you’ve asked, ttheyre is a certain amount of, I’m not going to say uncertainty but ttheyre is a certain amount of tthey unknown about what’s going to happen on tthey legislative front, especially with tthey fee ship thing. So obviously we can’t commit to a capital structure until we know some basic cost and what ttheyy’re going to look like. Again, we don’t think it impacts our business at tthey end of tthey day, but it certainly impacts what we think about capital because if you have more stringent, let’s call it plaintiff unfriendly legislation coming through, that will certainly mean that we don’t have to allocate as much capital towards patent acquisitions but it will also mean that we have to have a bit more of a cushion because of things like fee ship things for example. Wtheyreas if tthey Congress holds true, ttheyn your capital structure has to change and you have to have a reversal over tthey sorts of allocated changes I’ve just hinted at, right. Tthey final thing is, we have enough cash to run our business. We’re happy with our cash levels. We’re happy with tthey prospects of acquisitions out ttheyre. And wtheyn we think of our cash vis-à-vis those prospects, we don’t see any issues. So overall, lot of it is wait and see, wait and see what’s happening on tthey legislative front, wait and see what’s happening on certain transactions that we’re contemplating. But most of all wait and see, and I think in ttheir case it’s we’re certainly expecting ttheir to happen. We expect to generate a theyck of a lot more cash from our licensing operations. And that will certainly have an impact on how we look at ttheir as well. James Berkley Okay, great. Thank you very much. I’ll turn it over. I appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Vella. Matt Vella Well, again thanks for your interest. Thanks for supporting tthey company. And thanks for listening to tthey call today. We stand on tthey cusp of some very interesting events. And we look forward to touching base with you again in about three months’ time. So, thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access tthey replay for ttheir call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820 with confirmation code 7520198. Ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.