Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - FNK, IR Martin McNulty - Interim CEO Richard Rosenstein - CFO Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Adam Eagleston - Formidable Asset Management Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open tthey floor for your questions and comments after tthey presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Rob Fink. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are MJ McNulty, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operation and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I would also like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tab. With all that said, I'd like to turn tthey call over to MJ. MJ, tthey call is yours. Martin McNulty Thank you, Rob, and hi, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey time to join us ttheir morning. 10 days ago, we announced tthey completion of a transaction with Starboard Value. As you may know, our partnership with Starboard began three years ago wtheyn we establittheyyd a framework to evaluate a corporate acquisition strategy togettheyr. While our initial terms provided adequate capital and validated tthey opportunity, we learned along tthey way, ttheyre were some unintended complexities in our capital structure. Ttheir new agreement provides tthey ability to better pair tthey transactional and operational talent of tthey Acacia team with Starboard's platform, expertise relationships and capital. In addition, ttheir transaction streamlines our capital structure and wtheyn complete simplifies our balance ttheyyet without complicated derivatives. Importantly, on a go-forward basis, ttheir new structure will provide all shareholders tthey ability to participate on tthey same footing as Starboard. Between our relationships and Starboard's networks, Acacia will have access to larger pools of capital that can use -- that we can use to fund deals. We believe ttheir transaction establittheyys our long term operating model, positioning us to execute tthey strategy we have previously articulated. As part of tthey transaction, we're pleased to add Gavin Molinelli, a Starboard Partner and Portfolio Manager, as Chair of our Board. And with ttheir milestone transaction now in place, Clifford Press, Acacia's CEO for tthey past three years has resigned from both tthey company and our Board. Clifford played a significant role in establishing ttheir platform, implementing tthey strategy and advancing us to ttheir point with Starboard. On behalf of tthey company, we thank them and we wish them well. With that, I've been named to serve as interim CEO. For those of you who don't know me, prior to joining Acacia in tthey second quarter of ttheir year, I was tthey Chief Executive Officer and a member of tthey Board of Directors at Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. Prior to my role with Starboard, I had a long theirtory in private equity, which included Star Investment Holdings, Metalmark Capital and Sun Capital Partners. Over that time, I led numerous acquisitions, including in Acacia's focus areas. With our ownership and capital structure clarified, I look forward to advancing tthey robust acquisition pipeline our talented and expanded teams have establittheyyd since I joined. For some time, Starboard Value and Acacia have recognized an opportunity for a corporate acquirer, operating in tthey space between theydge fund activism and private equity. We've seen first-hand that in some situations, activists do not have tthey necessary influence to create required change without tthey ability to control tthey business. On tthey ottheyr hand, private equity can struggle to create catalysts and are increasingly left to participate in structured auction processes, which directly impact valuations. With Acacia, we now have a hybrid solution, a platform in vehicle that we believe brings tthey most effective parts of theydge fund and private equity structures togettheyr. Since I joined Acacia as Chief Operating Officer and Head of M&A, we have made significant progress implementing formal and institutional processes to enhance tthey scale and efficiency of tthey way we evaluate potential acquisitions. First, Acacia now has a great execution team, comprising proven professionals with public and private company acquisition expertise and tthey experience in working with companies to enable value creation. Our in-house team is augmented by a world class network of third-party advisors. As we scale up our team, we've refined our processes, institutionalizing our investment process from tthey ground up. Ttheir includes how we source potential targets, wtheyre we are benefiting from an excellent network of executive relationships augmented by an impressive set of institutional relationships. We have also clearly defined our screening process and our criteria. We now have a clear set of metrics and benchmarks we utilize wtheyn evaluating potential transactions. Finally, we have a soptheirticated institutional approach to due diligence. All of our potential acquisitions go through ttheir rigorous process. Once we complete an acquisition, we rely on our own capabilities, but also those of tthey team we have built with significant operational capabilities. Ttheir network of operating partners with proven experience enables us to identify tthey merits, considerations and future plans for any potential acquisitions quickly and efficiently. In addition, ttheir network theylps us drive operational improvements post-closing. We have a great deal of confidence in tthey professionals within ttheir network. As a result of ttheir hard work, our pipeline is now well defined. In terms of quantity and quality, it is tthey most robust that we have seen. Tthey recent transactions with Starboard clarifies our structure, formalizes our relationship and bolsters our capital. We now have all tthey pieces in place to move tthey strategy forward. Currently, market conditions have ttheir pipeline more weighted toward public targets as valuations in tthey private markets have been elevated as a result of increased activity from private equity. Well, that won't always be tthey case. It is today, and we're nimble enough to shift our focus based on market realities. More importantly, we have a pipeline of actionable ideas that are far along in our research process and moving forward. While I would not expect any acquisitions to close before year-end, ttheyre is an urgency and multiple targets are active, actionable and moving through our well-defined process. That said, we are patient and deliberate in our pursuits and we will not sacrifice our principles for tthey sake of merely completing an acquisition. We believe Acacia in partnership with Starboard has created a highly differentiated platform. We have a talented team with a wide range of skill sets and deep experience. We have a top-notch internal team executive network bringing us ideas. Acacia is well capitalized and between our relationships and Starboard's, we have tthey access to additional capital we can engage to scale up our efforts. I think it's important to stress that acquisitions are only part of Acacia's strategy today. Certainly, it has been and will continue to be tthey primary area of focus. However, wtheyn I look at Acacia, I think it's important to note tthey various parts of our business. First, we have our life sciences holdings, which comprise tthey assets acquired in tthey life sciences portfolio. We continue to harvest gains from our public assets, and we maintain significant optimism for our private holdings of ttheir portfolio. Ttheir transaction has and we believe will continue to create significant value for us. Second, we have public company holdings. Some of ttheyse are in tthey life sciences portfolio, but ttheir also includes stock we have purchased as part of potential acquisition initiatives. We continue to actively pursue tthey strategy, particularly in situations wtheyre disconnected valuations present attractive opportunities. Third, we continue to effective -- we continue to effectively manage and invest in our intellectual property portfolio. Marc Booth, our Chief Intellectual Property Officer has a talented team, and we continue to believe ttheir business can produce attractive, uncorrelated returns. Finally, we have Printronix, a private operating company. We acquired ttheir business at an attractive valuation, and we are confident it can continue to generate cash to fund future initiatives. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Rich to discuss tthey specific terms of our agreement with Starboard and our third quarter financial results. Richard Rosenstein Thank you, MJ. Let me start by providing an overview of tthey agreement with Starboard, which will be executed in a sequence of transactions starting ttheir month and concluding in tthey third quarter of 2023. Ultimately, ttheir agreement will significantly streamline our capital structure with all in tthey money warrants exercised and all convertible preferred shares converted into common stock as well as see Starboard invest at least $78.8 million in new capital to acquire shares at $5.25 per share. Pro forma for each transaction in ttheir agreement, Acacia will have $390 million in cash and marketable securities with $308 million of that in cash. First, ttheir agreement bolsters our innovative corporate acquisition platform, as MJ discussed. Starboard will invest at least $245 million in capital in Acacia. And as MJ mentioned, our team, processes and pipeline are now in a position to deploy capital to pursue our acquisition strategy. Second, our capital structure will be much simpler with all shareholders investing in Acacia on tthey same basis. To achieve ttheir, Starboard will first exercise its Series A warrants, resulting in approximately 11.5% common equity ownership in Acacia and approximately 27.5% voting interest inclusive of its existing ownership of convertible preferred stock. Ttheir was actually completed earlier ttheir week. Acacia intends to commence a rights offering in tthey first quarter of 2023, offering one new share for every four shares owned with a maximum offering of more than 38 million shares. Tthey offering price will be $5.25 per share. Starboard has committed to purchase at least 15 million shares in tthey offering, which means an incremental investment of at least $78.8 million. Next, in tthey second quarter of 2023, Starboard is committed to convert its $35 million in face value of convertible preferred stock into common stock following approval of amendments to tthey company's Certificate of Designation and Certificate of Incorporation, expected to be put to a vote of shareholders at Acacia's 2023 Ronaldual Meeting. Finally, in July 2023, upon tthey maturity of tthey remaining $60 million in senior secured notes outstanding, Starboard has committed to exercise its 31.5 million Series B warrants at $3.65 per share. Ttheir will result in tthey pay down of tthey $60 million in notes and Starboard's payment of $55 million in cash to exercise ttheyse warrants. Importantly, tthey remaining 68.5 million Series B warrants will be canceled immediately following completion of tthey rights offering. In connection with all of ttheyse transactions, Acacia has agreed to make $75 million in payments to Starboard as compensation for its early exercise of each of ttheyse instruments; $9 million to be paid at tthey time of tthey Series A warrant exercise and tthey balance of $66 million to be paid at tthey time of tthey Series B warrant exercise in July 2023. Ttheir payment was based on a negotiation to reflect tthey estimated remaining time value of tthey various securities to be exercised early by Starboard and compares with tthey $91.5 million in warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet at September 30 and $133.2 million at June 30. Reflecting all of ttheyse transactions, Acacia's pro forma book value will be $520.1 million or $5.22 per share. Tthey ultimate book value may vary upon additional shareholder participation in tthey rights offering, any incremental investment by Starboard beyond its 15 million minimum share commitment in tthey rights offering and of course, any changes in book value owing to earnings in our business and changes tthey value in our securities and private positions. If tthey full allotment of tthey rights offering were purchased, we would raise an additional $122 million of potential capital beyond Starboard's 15 million share minimum commitment. So in summary, once ttheir process has been completed, Acacia will have approximately 100 million common shares outstanding, $60 million of liabilities attributable to tthey notes will be eliminated and 31.5 million shares of common stock would be issued. $35 million of face value preferred stock will be eliminated and 9.6 million shares of common stock will be issued. $91.5 million of warrant and embedded derivative liabilities would be eliminated, $67 million of cash would be added upon exercise of tthey Series A warrants sale of 15 million shares at $5.25 per share, net of tthey $75 million in early termination payments and also net of transaction costs. Acacia will ttheyn have no preferred shares or warrants outstanding. Starboard Value will own approximately 61% of tthey common equity and Acacia will have a capital base representing cash and marketable securities of $390 million. Moving forward, with more than $300 million in cash, we expect tthey cash interest income should cover our ongoing parent, general and administrative costs. Assuming our intellectual property business and our industrial printing business are at least self-funding, we expect to be able to fund our operations with little to no cash burn as we explore opportunities for value creating acquisitions. Now let me turn to tthey third quarter results. GAAP book value at September 30 was $282.5 million, or $7.33 per basic share compared to $268.2 million, or $6.60 per share, as of June 30 and $430.5 million, or $8.80 per share at December 31, 2021. Now remember ttheir GAAP book value includes tthey impact of all warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet at September 30, which in turn has reflected tthey increase of tthey company's share price over time since ttheyse instruments were first issued. As ttheyse liabilities will be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and convertible preferred stock, we think it is more useful to consider our book value should all of ttheyse instruments be converted. As I just described, tthey Starboard transactions will result in tthey elimination of all ttheyse derivative securities and preferred and result in a clean capital structure without any of ttheyse liabilities. For ttheir reason, we have presented pro forma book value per share to capture tthey full impact of ttheir agreement with Starboard. As ttheir will take place over time, we have also presented ttheyse transactions as staged on a quarterly basis over tthey course of tthey next year to better illustrate how ttheir will work over time. We have included ttheir in our earnings release publittheyyd ttheir morning. Of note, you will see by tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2023, we will have more than $320 million in cash on our balance ttheyyet following tthey first two steps in tthey sequence of transactions with Starboard. Tthey Series A warrant exercise, which occurred earlier ttheir week, and tthey rights offering expected to be completed in tthey first quarter. By July, we expect all of tthey warrants and derivatives to have been exercised and converted, by which time we will have a vastly simplified balance ttheyyet with pro forma book value of $520 million, diluted shares outstanding of 99.6 million and resulting in a book value per share on a pro forma basis of $5.22. Now in terms of quarterly performance, revenues for tthey third quarter of 2022 were $15.9 million, compared to $1.6 million a year ago. Within that, Printronix contributed $9.6 million in revenue in tthey quarter with no contribution in tthey prior year, as tthey transaction closed in early October last year. Second, our intellectual property business generated $6.3 million in revenue related to patent assertion, compared to $1.6 million in tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheir is a reflection of tthey uneven nature of revenue timing in ttheir business. General and administrative expenses were $15 million, compared to $10.3 million in tthey third quarter last year due to tthey inclusion of Printronix operating expenses and also increased parent business development expense. Intellectual property G&A expenses were flat to down year-over-year. Operating loss was $11.4 million during tthey quarter, a slight improvement of tthey $12.7 million operating loss a year ago. And breaking ttheir down, Printronix contributed $0.4 million in operating income, and tthey intellectual property business had a similarly sized modest loss after patent amortization. Tthey balance of our operating loss related to parent general and administrative expenses. Our realized gain on securities during tthey quarter of $36 million offset a similarly sized unrealized loss in tthey period, tthey latter are a reflection of tthey decline in share prices of our security positions over tthey last three months. Our GAAP net income was $28.1 million, or $0.02 per diluted share compared to net income of $89.8 million, or $0.86 per diluted share in tthey third quarter of last year. Recall that during tthey third quarter of 2021, Acacia recognized $101 million in realized and unrealized gains in tthey value of tthey life sciences portfolio acquired in June of 2020, primarily due to tthey IPO of Oxford Nanopore. We also recognized noncash income of $41.6 million in tthey quarter related to tthey change in fair value of tthey Starboard warrant and derivative liabilities due to tthey decline in Acacia share price during tthey third quarter. Now recall at tthey beginning of 2021, our net operating loss carryforward plus our capital loss carryforward stood at $286 million. Since that time, we have utilized nearly 90% of that to ttheyylter realized gains. Cash and equity securities at fair value totaled $323.2 million at September 30, compared to $670.7 million at December 31, 2021. And recall also, we have retired $120 million in senior secured notes during 2022 and we've also repurchased $51 million of our own shares. And ttheyn last, debt was $61.4 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard, down from $181.2 million at December 31, 2021. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release ttheir morning and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file shortly. We believe tthey new agreement clarifies our increasingly collaborative relationship with Starboard, establittheyys a differentiated and well-resourced vehicle to pursue corporate acquisitions and removes tthey most common concern from potential shareholders, our previously complex capital structure. Going forward, we believe tthey cash and marketable securities per share is an important metric for measuring our progress. At September 30, 2022, on a pro forma basis, assuming completion of all phases of tthey announced Starboard transaction, our cash and marketable securities per share would be $3.91, essentially wtheyre our stock is trading today. Importantly, ttheir excludes any value from our private holdings, our intellectual property and industrial businesses, all of which are carried on tthey basis of cost, nor does it include any value that we may create from future transactions. So essentially, shareholders investing in our stock price today are getting all of that for free. Over time, we do not intend to burn cash in our operations supported by interest income on our cash holdings. In summary, we have and continue to expand our pipeline of potential opportunities to acquire businesses. Ttheir pipeline is now larger and more advanced than it has ever been. And as MJ noted, we have defined processes for moving targets through ttheir pipeline. Ttheyse transactions can take a long time. We are patient, we are disciplined in valuations and we are serious. And now I'd like to turn tthey call back over to MJ. Martin McNulty Thanks, Rich. So to summarize theyre, we've got and have built a strong team, very strong and institutionalized processes and pro forma for tthey completion of our transaction with Starboard. We'll have approximately $3.91 in cash and marketable securities per share and a book value of $5.22 a share. As a reminder, as Rich said, book value includes both our private and our operating businesses at cost. Additionally, as Rich mentioned, we do not intend to burn any cash as interest earned on our cash holdings will support tthey pursuit of our acquisition strategy. And with that, we'd be pleased to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question is coming from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Anthony, your line is live. Anthony Stoss Thanks. Welcome aboard, I guess, MJ. I know you've been ttheyre for a short period of time, but as interim CEO. Let me just [Technical Difficulty] let me fire up a couple of questions that I seem to get most often from shareholders. Most lately, it's with Viamet. How do you monetize it and what are your plans on monetizing Viamet? Richard Rosenstein Sure. So thanks, Tony. So as you know, we own approximately 26% of Viamet, which is, in essence, tthey recipient of royalties and milestone payments. One, we have received -- we have earned a couple of those milestone payments again ttheir year, one of which in tthey second quarter was paid in tthey third quarter. It was a small milestone payment. And ttheyn ttheyre's a much larger one that we anticipate receiving before tthey end of tthey year. So at a minimum, we anticipate receiving those milestone payments and royalty payments. And we're excited about tthey opportunity that, that represents for us. If ttheyre are opportunities to monetize that differently, we would certainly consider that. But at a minimum, tthey royalty stream is something that we're quite excited about. Anthony Stoss Got it. And since you're holding tthey mic theyre, Rich, let me ask you a question on OpEx. It always jumps around, really difficult to predict just like your revenues, but at $17.3 million in September, should we think of that as kind of tthey go-forward rate on OpEx? Richard Rosenstein Our patent business has OpEx that is going to vary based up on [Technical Difficulty] at a minimum to consider. Tthey Printronix business is fairly steady OpEx that -- to tthey extent that, that business, through some of tthey partnerships that we've executed begins to grow a little more substantially. You may see that grow. But for tthey moment that's probably a reasonable level. And from a G&A perspective, at our parent organization and in our business development efforts, that's really going to vary based upon tthey activity that we see and tthey transactions that we pursue. So in periods wtheyre ttheyre's modest activity, ttheyre will be less of that. Ttheyre'll be more of it wtheyn we get closer to acquisitions that we're diligencing very theyavily. So it's probably not a bad place to start, but it is going to vary, and it's going to be very -- ttheyy'll vary based upon sort of success-based opportunities, if that makes sense. Anthony Stoss Got it. And ttheyn two last questions. It's been a little while since we've had an update on tthey Wi-Fi IP portfolio. I know you guys are successful out of tthey gate. I know you have high hopes for it. Maybe if you wouldn't mind sharing, if ttheyre's anything to share, kind of an update on that? And ttheyn I'm saving tthey last question for MJ. Richard Rosenstein Sure. So we often don't have kind of update commentary around specific IP portfolios. One thing I will say is that tthey portfolio that you mentioned is something that we're very excited about. It's actually more than delivered tthey capital that we invested in it already, which was a lot sooner than we had anticipated. We did have one large settlement last year, which not only was theylpful from a financial return standpoint but also validated tthey quality of tthey portfolio in tthey marketplace, and that's actually generated a lot of meaningful discussions that we've had with additional potential licensees. Our goal is to maximize value, not to put revenue on tthey board as quickly as possible. So trust that we're looking to maximize tthey value of that portfolio. But our enthusiasm for it has only grown since we acquired it. Anthony Stoss Got it. And ttheyn MJ, a lot of existing shareholders are ones that have exited Acacia. Tthey underlying ttheyme is, I don't know what I own. Am I going to own a part of Kohl's or what am I going to own a part of? So it's been three years since tthey Starboard agreement, no acquisitions to show for it. I mean I know tthey life sciences stuff was kind of ongoing before tthey Starboard agreement. I'm optimistic with you ttheyre that we can get something, hopefully, relatively soon. It'd be nice to have a large operating business so investors can actually look at what ttheyy own and what tthey true value of tthey stock is. Just love to theyar your thoughts on anything related to that. Martin McNulty Yes. Tony, first, I appreciate tthey optimism. And look, we share that optimism theyre. We -- I think you and I first spoke probably at tthey end of tthey first quarter earnings call right after I had come on board. And since that time, we have really spent a considerable amount of effort in defining what it is and who we are and putting tthey processes and tthey team in place to prosecute against that strategy. So you asked a very specific question, are we going to own Kohl's? Tthey answer is, we're very focused in terms of our goal of acquiring good businesses that we can make better in partnership with excellent executives, wtheyttheyr it's existing or executives that we bring alongside us. We're very opportunistic. I think we have several tools in our toolkit to do that, including ttheir hybrid private equity theydge fund strategy, tthey ability to create a catalyst for itself, but that's not tthey only tool that we have. We're very focused at tthey moment in industrials, theyalth care and mature technology businesses. We -- that doesn't mean we're going to limit ourselves to that, but we are focused in those areas. If we see something opportunistic that is interesting outside of those areas, we're evaluating things. And we have spent a considerable amount of time building what we think is a really attractive pipeline. And I would say, and I think I said it earlier, ttheyre -- we can acquire private businesses in regular way, bilateral private discussions in an auction process, though tthey latter is less attractive for us from an allocation of time or payback on time allocated standpoint. We can acquire public businesses. We can acquire divisions in public businesses. We're pretty enthusiastic today around public to private, wtheyreas I guess even as recently as six months ago, certainly 12 months or 24 months ago, that are with tthey ottheyr direction. So we're seeing a lot of very interesting opportunities in tthey public markets wtheyre we can create a catalyst and be a buyer and do some really interesting things with those businesses. I think Rich said it and I said it as well. We have tthey pipeline, we have tthey process, we have tthey team. We can do ttheir, but we're being very deliberate about our approach and our valuation. Richard Rosenstein And Tony, if I could just -- I want to clarify one point that you made. You had said that tthey life science portfolio acquisition was in place before tthey Starboard deal. That's actually -- that's not tthey case. And importantly, that transaction was really only possible because of Starboard's partnership with us. So tthey Starboard relationship was entered into back in November of 2019. And you recall at tthey -- kind of at tthey beginning of COVID, we found ttheir portfolio of life science investments, which frankly, was not something that we were set up to explore or evaluate or look for. It was not what we were looking to do at tthey time. But it was opportunistic. It was a once in a lifetime opportunity. And we had probably $160 million of ready cash on our balance ttheyyet at tthey time. And to buy ttheir portfolio, we needed to have approximately $300 million in cash to put up an escrow in order to effectuate tthey transaction. So that would not have been possible if we didn't have tthey partnership with Starboard and tthey availability of that capital. And that transaction, while I know it's been -- it's been tthey primary focus of many of our conversations with you and with ottheyrs interested in our company, it's important to recognize that transaction has already delivered $155 million more in capital than we put up for it, and we still have holdings at book value. And as you know, tthey book value of our private positions is largely based on cost but an additional nearly $110 million of value and potentially more. So that transaction has created an incremental $265 million or more in value, would not have been possible if it hadn't been for tthey Starboard partnership. So I think that's an important distinction to make. We're obviously very pleased with that transaction. It has created enormous value. And in many respects, it sort of set up a very difficult comparison to do that on our next stack, but we're very focused on doing that. Anthony Stoss Thanks to both of you guys for those detailed explanations and looking forward to seeing what comes next to Acacia. Thank you. Richard Rosenstein Yeah. Thanks, Tony. Operator [Operator Instructions] Up next, we have Brett Reiss with Janny Montgomery Scott. Brett, please proceed. Brett Reiss Hi, gentlemen. Martin McNulty Good morning. Richard Rosenstein Hey, Brett. Brett Reiss Good morning. Hi. In terms of tthey timing of tthey first acquisition, are ttheyre any conditions preceding that have to happen in tthey simplification of tthey capital structure before you can pull a trigger on tthey deal? Like, for example, do you have to have shareholder approval in your pocket before you make tthey first acquisition? Martin McNulty No. Richard Rosenstein No, we don't. Brett Reiss Okay. So we're waiting until after tthey first of tthey year simply because you're doing additional due diligence or maybe you think ttheyre's just anottheyr shoe to drop in terms of tthey market volatility? Martin McNulty Yes. I mean, Brett, I think it's a great question. As we look at our pipeline, we're advancing a lot of things and ttheyy are at different stages of that pipeline. Ttheyre are things that we saw very attractive and pricing moved away from us. Ttheyre are things that we thought were very attractive in pricing has moved in our favor. It's not a question of waiting until tthey first of tthey year. It's really a question of making sure that we're undertaking tthey rigor of our investment analysis process such that we're making tthey right decisions. And as you know, transactions have lives of ttheyir own. And so as ttheyy advance through tthey pipeline and tthey stages of our work and our investment decision making process, we'll get -- we'll move things to tthey phase wtheyre we can close something. Ttheyre is not something in tthey pipeline that's in that final stage of closing a transaction. So it's not a question of waiting until tthey beginning of tthey year. It's making sure that we're advancing as many things as possible to that stage and getting as many shots on goal as we can. And if I think about it, my children are hockey players, ttheyy use tthey hockey analogy. We've spent a lot of time with tthey opposing offense in our zone. We moved into tthey neutral zone, and we were doing a decent job kind of making sure that puck wasn't getting into our zone and now we're in tthey opposing team zone, and we're continuing to take shots on goal. And our shot count is going up. And as you know, tthey higtheyr tthey shot count, tthey higtheyr tthey probability of getting goals up. So that's what we're focused on. Brett Reiss Right. Now how important to us is tthey extra capital that might come in from tthey exercise of tthey rights offering at $5.25 from ottheyr shareholders? And if tthey answer is, yes, it's important, don't you have to make some sort of acquisition to attract attention to tthey market, to tthey company and, theynce, realize a higtheyr stock price so that shareholders ottheyr than Starboard, who's committed to investing tthey 15 million at $5.25 will be incentivized to exercise ttheyir rights? Richard Rosenstein Great question, Brett. I mean we're very focused on driving shareholder value. And we believe that if we can demonstrate to shareholders that ttheyre's more than $5.25 per share in value, ttheyn tthey rights offering will be attractive. If we can't do that, ttheyn we understand that investors may not be interested in investing at that price. So we worked with Starboard, we negotiated that price. We think it's a price that should prove attractive for shareholders based upon tthey opportunities that we see. But we're not going to rush an acquisition announcement as a catalyst to drive that opportunity. We're going to remain disciplined, but -- and we want to be very good stewards of capital and so that's our focus. And as far as timing goes, it's just important for us to be realistic about timing rattheyr than making predictions of wtheyn deals are going to happen. If we can accomplish something sooner, we would love to do it. If we find something attractive that we can move on quickly and close on quickly, we would love to do it. But we're not going to make promises that we can close something before a certain date, for instance, around tthey rights offering just for tthey sake of making tthey rights offering successful. Brett Reiss Right. One last one, wtheyn you read Berkshire's annual report, they's got a ctheycklist of criteria in businesses that they would like to purchase. In terms of what you're focusing on, can you refresh our recollection, what are we looking for? And is ttheyre a minimum and maximum deal size that's your kind of sweet spot? Martin McNulty Yes, Brett. So we also have a ctheycklist of criteria that we go through and a ctheycklist of plan to put togettheyr once we acquire a business. So we are admirers of Berkshire in that respect. And we've adopted that for ourselves. So we appreciate you bringing that up. In terms of what we're looking for, we're looking for businesses that we believe we can make better. And we believe we can make better in partnership in combination with existing teams, with teams that we can bring on board with operating executives with whom we have relationships. Ttheir is a very valuable area of our partnership with Starboard as ttheyy have a lot of relationships and expertise in doing that in public companies, and we're looking to do that in not private companies, but companies within Acacia's stable. And so that's really what we're looking for at least at a high level, and that can take many different forms. In terms of size of business, we're not really constrained to tthey size of business that we can acquire. As you know, we acquired Printronix almost a year ago, as Rich mentioned earlier, that was on tthey smaller side. And we've bid on businesses that you've seen out in tthey public that are much larger. We have cash from our balance ttheyyet. We have relationships with ottheyr large institutional investors that like to participate in opportunities like ttheyse alongside folks like us. And so it really comes down to ttheir situation. As I mentioned, we are focused on a couple of key areas of tthey economy right now. We're not precluded from doing things in ottheyr areas of tthey economy if we find ttheym to be very attractive. We're not precluded from doing something like a life sciences portfolio again if we think that it's attractive, but we are trying to stay focused and disciplined on that formation, which is acquire businesses that we think we can make better and, ultimately, great in partnership with really smart people around tthey table. Brett Reiss Great. Thank you for taking my question and of course, break a leg, I’ll say tthey best of luck. Richard Rosenstein Thanks, Brett. Martin McNulty Thanks, Brett. I’ll try not to break tthey leg down. Brett Reiss Okay. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a question coming from Adam Eagleston with Formidable Asset Management. Your line is live. Adam Eagleston Hello, gentlemen. Appreciate tthey time today. Again, congrats on tthey restructuring. Happy to see that as a long-time shareholder theyre. Tthey question is, Rich mentioned, I think, getting all tthey ancillary businesses for free which is great on tthey one hand, but on tthey ottheyr, tell us how you're thinking about tthey discount between book value and price that narrowed between $630 and $930 million, I think, in large part because of tthey buyback. So maybe walk us through your capital allocation decision, appreciate tthey more shots on goal analogy, but how do you think about your own stock as part of one of those shots on goal? Richard Rosenstein Thanks, Adam. Look, we've repurchased 55 million of our own shares in tthey last year or so. We certainly are mindful of tthey value of our stock. And as -- and tthey discount that it trades at. We would certainly consider resuming that if we aren't able to find better opportunities for capital deployment. We have been out of tthey market. As you know, as we've been conducting ttheir negotiation on -- with tthey recapitalization with Starboard and tthey simplification of our balance ttheyyet. But first and foremost, we like tthey idea of having dry powder to commit to opportunities that we think are going to return -- provide very attractive returns on that investment and so that's our primary focus. And shrinking tthey capital for tthey sake of shrinking tthey capital is not necessarily consistent with that sort of strategic mission. But having said that, we're very mindful of wtheyre our stock is trading and in periods wtheyre we don't have opportunities to make acquisitions, it's something we would certainly consider. Adam Eagleston Got it. So does that level of discount to book value service somewhat of your hurdle rate or how do you think about that? Richard Rosenstein Yeah. I think that's a good way to think about it. I mean we have opportunities to deploy capital, we want to deploy it in tthey most attractive way possible. And we would always measure that against tthey appeal of buying back our own stock. So we -- that set a high hurdle for us. Adam Eagleston Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. Appreciate it. Richard Rosenstein Thank you. Operator Okay. We have no furttheyr questions in queue. I'd now like to turn it back to management for closing remarks. Martin McNulty Thanks, everyone. Thanks for tthey thoughtful questions. Thanks for taking tthey time with us ttheir morning. And thanks for tthey support and tthey optimism about tthey platform theyre. We will continue to update you as things continue to develop, and we have some deals moving forward. So we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.