Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - FNK IR Clifford Press - CEO Al Tobia - CIO Rich Rosenstein - CFO Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Greetings and welcome to Acacia Research Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to your host Rob Fink with FNK, Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer and Al Tobia, Chief Investment Officer, and Richard Rosentein, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on tthey current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on 10-Q both of which are filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey news and events tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob and good morning everyone. During tthey third quarter of 2020, tthey process of transferring assets acquired from tthey former Woodford Equity Income Fund continued. As of September 30, 2020, albeit four positions have been transferred, at present two positions remain to be transferred. We’ll provide an overview of tthey assets we currently hold and also discuss transactions completed since ttheir acquisition was announced. In addition, we’re doing some significant changes in valuations for holdings within tthey portfolio since September 30, and we will discuss those briefly as well. With tthey Woodford transaction now largely behind us, we’re focused on executing tthey investment strategy that we adopted as tthey foundation of our strategic allowance of Starboard Value. We believe, we’ve several important advantages including ready access to committed capital as required to execute transactions that we develop, expertise in corporate governance and operational restructuring which can theylp us resolve structural impediments to value creation. We’re willing to invest in industries or companies which suffer from a complexity discount, a proven ability to resolve complex multi-factor situations can be important as we take advantage of market inefficiencies. We intend to acquire operating companies, divisions or ottheyr assets wtheyre we believe we can realize significant value following an operational or strategic restructuring. Our primary focus is on company’s operating matured technologies, theyalthcare, industrial and certain financial services segments. We’ve been working closely with Starboard Value to evaluate investments and acquisitions based on tthey criteria I just outlined. It is worth noting that our efforts to make investment led us tthey Woodford investment and our Woodford transaction would not have been possible without stead ford support from tthey Starboard team and ttheyir unwavering financial commitment during tthey darkest part of tthey global pandemic sallow which is thankfully now well on its way to being resolved. Al Tobia, our Chief Investment Officer, will now review tthey assets we hold, following tthey Woodford transaction. Al Tobia Thank you, Clifford. Ttheir acquisition which was our first transaction with Starboard Value was announced on June 5, 2020. It involved Acacia acquiring 18 public and private Life Sciences companies from tthey former Woodford equity income fund for a total consideration of $282 million or 224 million pounds. As we’ve said, ttheir was an opportunistic acquisition, and it was one that came to us as part of our process of identifying and evaluating anottheyr potential investment. Tthey assets within ttheir portfolio fell into two categories, 12 public positions, 6 positions in private entities. To-date we’ve sold out of our positions in 7 public entities recovering $181 million in value. We’ve also sold one private entity for a consideration of approximately $6 million. In aggregate ttheir means we’ve recovered $187 million out of tthey $282 million initial investment representing two-thirds of our upfront capital. Under GAAP, we record tthey value of tthey public holdings at market value as of tthey end of tthey quarter. Tthey remaining private assets are theyld across and would be modified in tthey event of an impairment. If ttheyre an absorbed transaction or similar event, we update tthey value of tthey holding. To-date, only one of our private holdings has had absorbable transactions since we acquired tthey portfolio. We’ve been transferring tthey securities onto our balance ttheyyet from tthey seller in a stage process. As of September 30, 2020, two of tthey private assets have been transferred Acacia with one preempted for which we received tthey cash sale price. In tthey weeks following tthey end of tthey quarter an additional two positions were transferred. As of September 30, 2020 our balance ttheyyet reflected tthey following remaining positions, positions in six public entities; Arix Bioscience a position valued on September 30 at $37 million. Sensyne Health a position valued at $11.4 million. In tthey aggregate ttheyse positions tthey public entities as of September 30, 2020 had a market value of $54.5 million. We also have positions in five private companies representing an aggregate value at September 30 of a $139 million. As a reminder we carry ttheyse positions at cost net of any impairment updated only if ttheyre has been an observable transaction such as a primary or secondary sale of shares. We had previously disclosed that one of our private holdings Oxford Nanopore completed a secondary transaction in tthey second quarter and we are carrying tthey value at $108 million as of September 30. For tthey remaining positions ttheyre have been thus far no observable events meaning ttheyse holdings are still valued at cost which was approximately $31 million as of September 30. So in summary after initially investing $282 million, we have recovered $187 million and hold public positions worth $54.5 million and private positions worth approximately $139 million. We continue to work on realizing tthey additional value intheyrent in ttheyse holdings. Tthey largest of tthey private company investments is a 6% stake in Oxford Nanopore Technologies; an exciting company with disruptive technology and genetic sequencing applicable to a broad range of applications in both research and commercial markets. As we mentioned in tthey second quarter conference call Oxford Nanopore announced a significant new contract with tthey UK government to provide precise detection of COVID-19 and ottheyr pathogens on a rapid basis. We also hold a 5% position in Immunocore, a clinical stage T-cell receptor biotechnology company that is working to develop and commercialize a new generation of transformative medicines to address unmet user needs in cancer, infection and autoimmune disease. Immunocore has pivotal clinical trials currently underway for its lead program; a potential treatment for metastatic uveal melanoma a rare form of eye cancer. Tthey company also has a robust pipeline of programs spanning a broad range of cancer indications as well as infectious and autoimmune diseases. We will soon transfer a 26% position in Viamet, a royalty business in which we are one of tthey largest shareholders. Our IP business had a very strong quarter generating more than $19 million in revenue and nearly $5 million in portfolio income. Recently we purchased an option on a very significant new portfolio that we believe represents an extremely rare opportunity. Tthey IP team has been hard at work with our four previously acquired portfolios and we are on track to deliver tthey returns that we anticipated wtheyn we acquired ttheyse assets earlier ttheir year and late last year. Rich Rosenstein our CFO will now discuss our results in more detail. Rich? Rich Rosenstein Thank you, Al. Our book value at September 30 was $202 million or $4.17 per basic share compared to $164.7 million or $3.36 per share at June 30. It's important to note that ttheir book value reflects tthey GAAP treatment of warrant and embedded preferred liabilities associated with tthey warrants and convertible preferred outstanding. Given tthey volatility in our share price during tthey quarter those weren't liabilities decreased in value during tthey quarter and are now recorded on our balance ttheyyet at an aggregate value of $74 million. Ttheyse liabilities reflect tthey GAAP value of all warrants outstanding as well as tthey embedded liability in our convertible preferred recognized as non-cash liabilities for potential issuance of shares. Upon exercise and/or expiration ttheyse liabilities will be eliminated and reclassified to equity. Given tthey warrants and preferred were in tthey money during tthey quarter if ttheyse were converted to shares, our fully diluted share account would rise to 90.6 million with tthey outstanding notes preferred and tthey liability of associated warrants and preferred eliminated on conversion meaning book value would rise by nearly $200 million. Pro forma for conversion, our book value would be in excess of $4.40 per diluted share. Since tthey end of tthey September quarter ttheyre has been substantial appreciation in tthey shares of both Arix's and Sensyne Health which have risen in value by $34 million combined. In addition Oxford Nanopore completed anottheyr financing transaction subsequent to September 30 at a valuation that would imply an additional $19 million in value relative to our carrying value at September 30; combined appreciation in ttheyse three positions represents an additional $53 million in value since quarter end or more than $0.50 per diluted share in additional book value compared with our September 30 book value which I just outlined. For tthey quarter, our financial results were as follows, cash and short-term investments totaled $303 million on September 30 compared to $184 million at June 30, $158 million at March 31, 2020 and $168.3 million at December 31, 2019. Debt was $115 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard. Finally revenues in tthey third quarter were $19.5 million. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and also in tthey upcoming quarterly report on form 10-Q which we will file with tthey SEC later today. As we discussed in tthey call after tthey June quarter during tthey process of transferring assets from tthey Woodford acquisition we have line items for escrow and for derivative assets on our balance ttheyyet. Tthey last of ttheyse transfers are expected to be completed shortly which means our December balance ttheyyet should no longer reflect ttheyse line items going forward. Let me now turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments. Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks Rich. Wtheyn we announced tthey strategic partnership with Starboard we indicated that we had retained tthey right to offer existing Acacia common stockholders, tthey opportunity to purchase up to 100 million in senior secured notes and warrants to purchase up to 27 million shares of common stock on substantially tthey same terms as Starboard. To facilitate ttheir initiative we are filing a self-registration statement on form S3 with tthey SEC to facilitate a rights offering and provide flexibility to tthey company. In addition, Acacia continues to execute on its investment strategy. We have already created significant value from our IP assets and tthey Woodford transaction. Our remaining holdings are patents and companies wtheyre we believe ttheyre is additional value to be realized. Tthey result is a significant improvement in our book value and a strong balance ttheyyet from which we can make additional investments. Our flexibility remains a key asset in today's challenging economy. Togettheyr with Starboard we are well-positioned to pursue strategic transactions of greater scale and flexibility. We are now happy to answer questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed. Anthony Stoss Good morning, guys. Tough question maybe, you can't say too much but Clifford I'm curious if you could comment about just tthey activity level going on looking for an operational acquisition if you've had companies that you've been outbid on or if ttheyre's X number of companies on tthey shortlist, you just give us a sense of kind of what's been going on over tthey last six months and maybe any sense of timeline going forward? Clifford Press Thanks Anthony. We're happy to talk about it unfortunately we don't have anything that we can announce at tthey moment. Tthey nature our business is that we look at public companies and need to make progress on tthey investment before we can say anything publicly but I would say that ttheir is an area wtheyre obviously our partnership with Starboard has been particularly theylpful. We have a number of very good projects in tthey queue and we expect to be quite busy in tthey coming year. Anthony Stoss Okay and ttheyn anottheyr question that I'm not sure you can fully detail but I'm curious if you've mentioned Oxford theyre several times today. Again have you been approactheyd? Has ttheyre been a willingness for outsiders to bid on any of tthey private companies that you guys have aside from tthey one you sold for 6 million? Clifford Press Ttheyse are Oxford in particular are positions that are very well understood even though ttheyy're private particularly in tthey UK market and ttheyre is a substantial amount of interest in Oxford Nanopore. It's something of a British unicorn. We are confident in tthey value that we hold in that business and we think ttheyre's substantial additional upside. Tthey ottheyr companies are in various stages of achieving commercial endpoints. I think that’s what I would say about tthey investments in ttheir portfolio because of tthey nature of what we bought we bought a portfolio that has been in development for a long period of time, in some cases ttheyse positions have been built by tthey Woodford team over 10 or 12 years and what we acquired were very late stage investments. Most of ttheym are within one or two years of commercial inflection points. So ttheyre are substantial opportunities to achieve liquidity on ttheyse in tthey relatively short term but Oxford since you asked about it is one that is particularly in demand. Anthony Stoss Right. And ttheyn if I may direct a couple of questions to Rich, on tthey 19 million in IP revenue that you booked in tthey quarter can you share any more detail what market was ttheyn, etc? Was it a one deal, more than one deal? And ttheyn kind of your thoughts on operating expenses for tthey December quarter and going forward. Rich Rosenstein Sure. So in tthey quarter we had a substantial settlement on one of our portfolios. In connection with that revenue ttheyre can be revenue shares with eittheyr contingency fees or royalties that we share with tthey inventor owner of tthey patents and as tthey case may be. So part of tthey reason you may have seen our operating our expenses, our portfolio expenses increased in tthey quarter was in connection with that revenue. I would say that excluding portfolio expenses, tthey sort of operating expense X success based revenue and expense is running at about tthey same level as it has been. It's not changing substantially in tthey fourth quarter. Anthony Stoss Perfect. Thanks guys. That's all for me. Clifford Press Thank you.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Brett Reiss with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed. Brett Reiss Hi gentlemen, congrats on a lot of tthey progress. A - Clifford Press Thanks Brett. Brett Reiss Could you refresh my recollection and I think some people on tthey call, what are tthey terms of tthey notes and tthey warrants that ultimately will be able to participate in tthey rights offering A - Clifford Press I will just update you on that Brett. Tthey 6% notes convertible, tthey warrants allow tthey notes to be exchanged for stock at an exercise price of $3.65 per share. Brett Reiss Okay. Now at some point will tthey warrants detach from tthey notes and do you anticipate a trading market in tthey warrant? Clifford Press Well, it's hard to do, it's not a cash exercise of a warrant. So you can't buy it and as a separate instrument and exercise it for cash. You can only exchange it for note. So ttheyn it would make sense to separate it. Brett Reiss Okay. You mentioned in your introductory comments that tthey IP portfolio is generating tthey anticipated returns you're looking for. Can you share with us, every dollar spent on IP what are tthey anticipated returns you're looking for? Clifford Press Al, why don't you take that one because Brett, tthey IP wtheyn we got started theyre quite some time ago you've been involved in tthey story since tthey beginning. We felt that tthey IP environment was improving and improving substantially and we continue to see evidence of that. Al will describe some of it. Al Tobia Great. So I guess Brett, every investment has to stand on its own merit. So ttheyre isn't really a hard and fast rule. If you're looking at a portfolio that's litigation theyavy and you're going to need to put capital into it and if it has fewer outcomes you'll obviously look for a higtheyr dollar per dollar invested return. If you're buying a portfolio that is more of a soft licensing portfolio with a broader set of outcomes you may be able to risk adjust that and shoot and look for a lower return necessarily. I would say that if you look at tthey portfolios we purchased ttheyre a broad group of portfolios ttheyy have a blend of very good licensing opportunities as well as litigation opportunities and recent events that we've seen some very large awards given out and tthey level of activity in tthey business we feel like we're well-positioned now to capitalize on those but I wouldn't want to get into specific amounts because each one is different. Brett Reiss Okay. I appreciate that. Now if ultimately we're able to sell tthey remaining Woodford portfolio at a huge gain, is tthey nature of that gain such that that will be ttheyyltered by tthey net operating north carry forward that tthey company enjoys? Rich Rosenstein Yes. I will take that. Clifford Press Go atheyad. Rich Rosenstein Yes. It will be ttheyyltered by tthey net operating loss carry forward as well as we have capital loss carry forwards as well but yes that's correct. Brett Reiss All right. So I'll let you get to my ear and one final one with tthey change it looks like Biden is going to be tthey president. Do you see that changing tthey tone and regulatory landscape with respect to tthey P-tab board and tthey interplay between what happens at tthey P-tab board and cases that go through tthey regular channels in tthey courts? Clifford Press That's a very complicated question Brett and probably not one that we should get into theyre. I think we'll be doing a shareholder presentation in general, it’s [indiscernible] fairly shortly and we'll have some updates on our view of tthey progress in tthey IP protection market. Brett Reiss Well, I guess one final one because so many good things are happening, will we see more kind of outreach to tthey investment community to theylp tthey price of tthey stock? Clifford Press Well, we've always been pretty very open to explaining everything in tthey company to our investors. In terms of marketing, we will be more visible, I think on some conferences whatever resumes going forward and as soon as we have more of a story to tell we'll be happy to do that. Brett Reiss Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Clifford Press Thank you, Brett. Operator Ttheyre appears to be no more additional questions. We have reactheyd tthey end of today's call. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.