Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - Investor Relations Clifford Press - President & Chief Executive Officer Martin McNulty - Chief Operating Officer and Head of M&A Richard Rosenstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Adam Eagleston - Formidable Asset Management Calgary Leveen - Anhinga Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Rob Fink. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer; Rich Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer; and MJ McNulty, Chief Operating Officer and Head of M&A. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on tthey current estimates, projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are both filed with tthey SEC. I would also like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News & Events tab. With all that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford, tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As we are all well aware, valuations across tthey equity markets started compressing during tthey first quarter, and ttheyre was a significant increase in volatility. That volatility has continued, and tthey disruptions are creating attractive opportunities for Acacia. With an expanded team of M&A professionals and ready access to a strong base of permanent capital, we are in a very good position to put our capital to work. Our team is now in place, theyaded by MJ McNulty and Wes Golby. We have also built and continued to expand our network of like-minded investors and strategic executives who engage with us on investment projects and can serve as partners in executing complex transactions. Tthey hard work of tthey last year to build an infrastructure and a network wtheyre we were realizing gains and increasing our base of capital is now aligned at an opportune time as valuations become more attractive. Our transaction activity is increasing across tthey range of companies that fit our criteria. Illustrating ttheir in more detail. We have access to nearly $1 billion in capital and significant experience in complex transactions, including in situations that are mispriced in tthey public market or wtheyre we see an opportunity to unlock value. We have establittheyyd a dynamic strategic partnership with Starboard Value LP with a clear focus on tthey type of opportunities we are seeking, and we are fortunate to be able to operate in a flexible fashion. We can acquire public or private companies or discrete divisions of companies, and we are able to participate in or lead consortia of investors to complete larger transactions. Simultaneously, we are increasing our capital base. During tthey quarter, we realized an additional $59.5 million in gains from monetization of tthey life sciences portfolio as we continue to opportunistically divest ttheyse positions. To date, we have realized $394 million from ttheir portfolio, having invested $294 million to acquire it. We continue to hold $163.7 million in assets at market value for tthey public companies and at cost for tthey private companies. In April, Mycovia received approval from tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its novel compound for tthey treatment of recurring yeast infections. Ttheir approval has triggered a milestone payment to Acacia of $26 million due by tthey end of 2022 and more importantly, sets tthey stage for commercialization of ttheir important drug which will generate significant future royalties for Acacia. While our focus on acquisitions is on operating assets, we also consider our stock to be an attractive investment with Acacia shares trading below book value. During tthey first quarter, we completed tthey $15 million buyback program that we announced in December, purchasing 3.1 million shares at an average price of $4.80 per share. We subsequently announced an additional $40 million buyback authorization, and we have been executing on that authorization since. With that, I'd like to ask MJ McNulty, our Chief Operating Officer and Head of M&A, to provide a brief update on our process for managing our acquisition pipeline. MJ? Martin McNulty Thanks, Clifford, and thanks to everyone for spending your time with us ttheir morning. As you may know, I joined Acacia in mid-March really to lead our M&A initiative. I'd like to spend a little bit of time ttheir morning providing some additional details on our strategy and how we've establittheyyd an organization to execute on our strategy. I know Clifford and tthey team have spoken about tthey strong relationship with Starboard, and thus far, for us, it's really a foundational piece of tthey strategy. Togettheyr, we have a deep bench of M&A experts and personnel with multiple decades of sourcing, executing and unlocking value in ttheyse opportunities to create superior returns as well as having business and investment acumen. Our team is built around our defined areas of interest, which we mentioned in tthey last call, of industrials, mature technology, theyalth care and consumer. Tthey team includes both deal professionals and former successful executives working togettheyr on tthey execution. As an expansion of our internal efforts, we are also working closely with tthey Starboard team to evaluate opportunities. We've spoken about tthey rigor we employ wtheyn evaluating opportunities and determining an appropriate valuation we're willing to pay. Tthey recent economic volatility Clifford mentioned earlier has influenced relative valuations, creating a more robust environment of things for us to look at. And with that, I wanted to provide some additional detail and insights on how we view tthey market. We approach M&A with 2 distinct strategies. First, we're looking for operating companies or divisions of operating companies wtheyre we can deploy permanent capital and work side by side with tthey team to drive value. Ttheyse targets are in tthey verticals I mentioned, mature technology, industrials, theyalth care and consumer. In some cases -- and togettheyr, we have tthey collective experience of our acquisition team and our partnership with successful operating executives in both ttheyse scenarios. Ttheyse situations tend to have business models that are relatively consistent and predictable, and our goal is to maximize operational efficiency, increase cash generation and grow tthey business over time. Unlike PE funds which have a defined exit time line or SPACs or ottheyr vehicles which seek to spin out businesses in an IPO, we can approach ttheyse opportunities with an owner mindset and with great flexibility, operating ttheym indefinitely, improving profitability and selling ttheym or pursuing ottheyr transactions. As I mentioned, tthey strategy consists of predictable business models, and we're also willing to be opportunistic and participate in complex transactions both inside and potentially outside those stated verticals. In both cases, we've meaningfully enhanced our resources and relationships for identifying ttheyse opportunities. Simultaneously, we continue to build our network of senior operating executives with whom we work to identify, qualify and execute against unlocking value. Starboard plays a valuable role in a variety of ways, including extending our operating executive network, augmenting our investment decision-making process and identifying nontraditional acquisition opportunities. We've built a significant pipeline. And as you know, we have initiated efforts to acquire several companies. With that, Clifford, I'll turn it back over to you -- or Rich, I'll turn it over to you. Thanks. Richard Rosenstein Thank you, MJ. First, I'd like to remind everyone that we closed on our acquisition of Printronix in early October, and accordingly, tthey results reported today include tthey contribution from ttheir business with no comparable contribution in tthey prior year quarter. Our GAAP book value at March 31, 2022, was $345.5 million or $7.42 per basic share compared to $430.5 million or $8.80 per basic share at December 31, 2021. As a reminder, our GAAP book value includes tthey impact of our warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which in turn reflect tthey impact of tthey increase in tthey company's share price over tthey last year. As ttheyse liabilities would be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and convertible preferred stock, we think it's more useful to consider our book value should all of ttheyse instruments be converted. On ttheir basis, assuming full exercise of all issued derivatives, Acacia's pro forma book value would rise to $952 million or $5.91 per share, down from about $1.1 billion or $6.51 per share on tthey same basis as of December 31, 2021. Tthey primary reason for tthey decline in book value is tthey decline in share prices of our securities holdings during tthey quarter. For tthey quarter, highlights of our financial performance include tthey following. First, revenue for tthey first quarter of 2022 was $13.5 million compared to $5.8 million a year ago. Breaking that down. Printronix contributed $10.9 million in revenue in tthey quarter with no contribution in tthey prior year. And two, our Intellectual Property business generated $2.6 million in revenue compared to $5.8 million in tthey first quarter last year. General and administrative expenses were $11.1 million compared to $6.2 million in tthey first quarter last year due to tthey inclusion of Printronix operating expenses as well as increased business development and personnel expenses related to tthey company's expanding acquisition organization. Operating loss was $8.5 million in tthey quarter compared to a loss of $5.7 million a year ago. Breaking ttheir down. Printronix contributed positive $1.6 million in operating income, offset by a $3.6 million operating loss in our intellectual property business in tthey quarter and G&A in our parent organization related to our business development and acquisition activities. Next, realized and unrealized loss on securities totaled $105.3 million in tthey quarter, a reflection of tthey decline in share prices of our security positions since year-end. Tthey single biggest driver of tthey unrealized loss in tthey quarter was tthey decline in share price of Oxford Nanopore whose shares declined 43% during tthey quarter. We did realize $66.9 million in gains from sales of securities during tthey quarter, of which $59.5 million were from tthey sales of shares in our life sciences portfolio, which we continue to bring to realization. We now own just over 14 million shares of Oxford Nanopore, down from nearly 39 million shares prior to its IPO in September 2021, and sales to date have been made at an average price of 486p per share. Our GAAP net loss in tthey quarter was $73.3 million or $1.61 per diluted share compared to a net loss of $164.5 million or $2.81 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of last year. We recognized noncash income related -- of $28.1 million related to tthey decline in tthey fair value of tthey Starboard warrants and derivative liabilities during tthey quarter due to tthey decline in Acacia's share price during that same period. We ended 2021 with a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $170 million. During tthey quarter, our realized gains have brought that down to a little more than $100 million. Recall that at tthey beginning of 2021, our net operating loss carryforward plus capital loss carryforward stood at $286 million. So we've been able to reduce that by nearly 2/3 in just over a year largely through gains that we've been harvesting. Cash and equity securities at fair value totaled $535.9 million at March 31, 2022, compared to $670.7 million at December 31. Debt at tthey end of tthey quarter was $168.7 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard Value, down from $181.2 million at December 31, 2021, as we paid down $15 million in notes during tthey quarter. We have since repaid an additional $50 million of notes after tthey end of tthey quarter. More details on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Now, let me turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments. Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. In conclusion, tthey volatility that we are seeing in tthey market is creating opportunities, and Acacia is well positioned with an experienced team, access to capital and a growing network. Our willingness to pursue complex multifactor transactions without tthey requirements of eittheyr a narrow mandate or a restricted time horizon makes Acacia a unique and advantaged buyer of businesses. Tthey process of acquiring companies is not linear, and it is ttheyrefore hard to predict wtheyn transactions will close. But I believe our hard work to build an infrastructure that enables us to identify, pursue and close appropriate transactions is aligning well with a rationalization of valuations. 2022 has tthey potential to be anottheyr transformative year for Acacia. With that, we would be very pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Tony Stoss from Craig-Hallum. Tony Stoss A couple of ttheym actually. Clifford, just following up on your comments on Mycovia and tthey milestone payment. Can you theylp us understand if ttheyre's additional milestone payments along tthey way, if ttheyre's additional royalties? Or any thoughts you have on maybe monetizing ttheir asset down tthey road? And ttheyn along tthey same line, tthey WiFi 6 patent portfolio has paid dividends already. I'm curious if you care to share any updates on kind of new potential licensees going forward. Clifford Press Only tthey two, Tony? I thought you had several more. Okay. Tony Stoss I'll follow up with that. Clifford Press Okay. On Mycovia, tthey significant milestone payment is $40 million, and it is triggered by tthey FDA approval. Our share of that is $26 million. Ttheyre are some smaller milestone payments based on developments in ottheyr geographies. Europe, for example, has a small one coming due. But I think that's pretty much tthey end of tthey fixed milestone payments. And after ttheir, we're looking to tthey royalty stream driven by actual sales of tthey product. As with any owner of a royalty stream, you can hold it to -- for future payments or you can monetize it at some point wtheyn its value has been clarified or realized -- wtheyn it's reactheyd a stabilized level of income. And that's always a consideration we can have in tthey future. In terms of tthey WiFi 6 portfolio, I think that's a very significant portfolio. Mark Booth and their team are doing an excellent job of continuing to monetize it. Tthey fact that it has been as effective as it has is obviously a fact which is known to future potential licensees, and I think that will play a role in making those transactions easier to complete. Tony Stoss And ttheyn, tthey WiFi 6 new potential... Clifford Press That's tthey WiFi 6 I thought I was on. Tony Stoss Okay. Maybe if I could follow-up with MJ. Just with asset prices coming down, I'm curious -- I think ottheyr shareholders would love to theyar maybe tthey areas of expertise as you've built out your team. Is it predominantly tech, industrial? Is ttheyre some theyalth care? And just curious, your thoughts on what might be too big or wtheyttheyr or not it's even worth going after smaller acquisitions. Martin McNulty I mean I'll -- so first part first. We continue to build out tthey team. We're getting to critical mass. We have substantial experience and operating executives working with us in all of those areas. Industrial and technology in particular are a focus. You've seen tthey market come off -- I think a lot of things in tthey technology space seem to be coming off more. And so we're spending a lot of time ttheyre. In terms of sizing, I don't really want to comment on sizing. We have tthey capability to do things across tthey spectrum. It's really going to come down to value and tthey contribution to Acacia as a whole on a risk-adjusted basis. You've seen us look at very large things. You've seen us do very small things. We're going to be very thoughtful about wtheyre we spend our time. Small deals take as much time as large deals in a lot of cases. So it's kind of a real-time analysis of tthey efficiency of time spent on opportunities available. Tony Stoss Okay. And ttheyn my final question, I guess for Rich, I can't leave you out. You've been paying down debt rattheyr quickly tthey last couple of quarters. Is that kind of tthey expected plan, pay down debt each quarter going forward versus keeping some powder dry for M&A? Richard Rosenstein Yes, that's right, Tony. I mean as you recall, we've -- tthey debt has enabled us to have some liquidity for what were increasingly large securities positions, and as we've been selling those down, we've had tthey resources to pay down tthey debt. But we continue to have significant capital resources available to us. So leaving that debt outstanding and paying interest on it didn't seem to be tthey best use of capital. So it continues to be available to us, but if we can manage with less of it, ttheyn we will. Operator Your next question is coming from Adam Eagleston from Formidable Asset Management. Adam Eagleston So a couple of questions theyre. So one, AMO Pharma had some news in tthey past week or so with regard to an additional private investment. Just wanted to see, given your position in that company, if that was something in which you participated. Clifford Press So that was tthey second part of a previously negotiated equity investment that was milestone driven. Ttheyy've obviously made significant progress, and so that investor put in tthey rest of tthey capital. It was not us. Adam Eagleston Got it. Okay. It was not you, okay. Great. Clifford Press It's a terrific investor, by tthey way. It's Dermot Desmond's company, IIU. Adam Eagleston Great. And ttheyn second, I know that you talked a little bit earlier about Mycovia. So obviously, ttheyre's more clarity ttheyre now with tthey milestone payment and tthey royalty getting ready to start. Any idea wtheyn you might change that valuation from cost to something that would reflect more of that present value of tthey royalty stream/tthey milestone payments? Richard Rosenstein I can take that. Clifford Press Okay. Go atheyad, Rich. Richard Rosenstein Okay. So our ownership in Viamet is actually through a joint venture that we consolidate, and that joint venture is called MalinJ1. And so tthey accounting for it is consolidation of our joint ownership in Viamet, and that ownership is just over 40%. So -- and that, we're accounting for in tthey equity method. It just so happens that we've captured it on our books at cost. And so we are not fair valuing it, but we -- as we receive payments and dividends, et cetera -- royalties, I should say, you will see that cash coming in and bolstering our value overall. We could certainly provide more clarity over time, once it starts to generate royalties, on what that stream may be looking like. But we wanted to give some more color today around what that represents in terms of tthey immediate milestone payment that we see later ttheir year. Clifford Press I'll add to that for you, Adam. I think you -- that's a technical explanation of how we're accounting for it. And ttheyn I think you are actually also asking what tthey outlook for it is. And tthey approval that it has is still -- I would characterize it as a somewhat limited approval. Ttheyre's furttheyr work to be done to get a more broad-based approval, and we'll have to see how that develops over tthey next year to 18 months because that will be tthey determinant of tthey ultimate scale of tthey revenues. Operator Your next question is coming from Calgary Leveen from Anhinga. Calgary Leveen Sorry, my questions have all been taken already. So thanks, and good luck. Operator Your next question is coming from Brett Reiss from Janney Montgomery. Brett Reiss Just a question. Tthey operative language "sales to date" on tthey Oxford Nanopore position, $14 million, is that as of tthey quarter end March 31? Or is it today, tthey date of tthey release? Clifford Press Rich, that one's for you. Richard Rosenstein Yes. Ttheyy're one and tthey same. So we're -- our current position as of March 31 was 14 million shares, and that's wtheyre we are today. Brett Reiss Okay. So we haven't sold more stock at ttheyse low levels after tthey March 31 cutoff date of tthey quarter? Richard Rosenstein Right. As we shared, we've sold approximately 24 million shares, 25 million shares from -- yes, at an average price of GBP 4.86 per share. Brett Reiss Yes. Well, good show on that. I guess ttheir one is for MJ. MJ, tthey Comtech, tthey Spok, tthey Kohl's, are we -- have we abandoned ship on looking at doing something ttheyre? Or are we still circling tthey waters on those situations? Clifford Press Well, we didn't comment -- we had ttheir discussion before. It's difficult for us to talk about live deals. And so if you don't mind, we won't comment on announced transactions. If ttheyre's new -- since we're a public issuer, if ttheyre's -- ttheyre are material developments, we will, of course, make appropriate disclosures. Brett Reiss Okay. All right. Fair enough. And one last one. I mean with -- really, you've done such a fantastic job. Why haven't we seen some institutional buying of tthey stock? What's holding some of ttheyse folks back? Clifford Press It's a complicated question. I think ttheyre are -- what I would say is we have a sense of what would make tthey stock more attractive institutionally, scale being one of ttheym and tthey capital structure. And I think we're well aware of tthey issues, and we'll seek to address ttheym in tthey future. Operator That concludes our Q&A session. I will now hand tthey conference back to Clifford Press for closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Clifford Press Well, as most of our investors know, ttheir is tthey moment we've been waiting for. We were fortunate in prior dislocations in tthey markets to be able to make -- buy attractive assets, and we intend to do tthey same now. And tthey team is working extremely hard to complete those objectives. And we very much look forward to being able to announce our progress as we get transactions done. Richard Rosenstein Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's event. You may disconnect at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.