Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 16, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Jeff Stanlis - FNK IR Clifford Press - Chief Executive Officer Al Tobia - Chief Investment Officer Rich Rosenstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Kevin Sami - Sami Capital Operator Please standby. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to your Acacia Research Second Quarter Financial Results Conference. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for your questions-and-comments following tthey presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Jeff Stanlis with FNK IR. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Jeff Stanlis Thank you, Malinda. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer; Al Tobia, Chief Investment Officer; and Rich Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company’s plans, objectives, and expectations for future operation and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey Risk Factors described in Acacia’s annual Form -- annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, filed with tthey SEC. I’d like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company’s financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company’s website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tab. Clifford and Al will provide a business update and Rich will review tthey quarterly financial results. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Mr. Press, tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our capital base consisting of cash, private and public investments, and availability pursuant to our partnership with Starboard Value LP stood at $770 million. We continue to pursue acquisitions of operating businesses through a tightly coordinated research process, leveraging our team’s experience in public and private markets. We focus on mature technology Life Sciences, Healthcare and Industrials, and certain segments of Financial Services including Insurance. Our primary opportunity set remains with companies that are sub-$2 billion in equity market cap. As we have said in tthey past, we view ttheir segment as tthey least efficient area of tthey public markets and wtheyn tthey favors our primary research approach and permanent capital structure. We have now position Acacia in an opportune part of tthey market. Specifically, we operate at tthey interface between private and public market valuations, making us an ideal partner for a variety of sellers and investors. We are able to deploy permanent capital to navigate complex multi-factor transactions. We are a corporate acquirer and are opposition to be an attractive packet counterparties, such as private equity funds and large enterprises. Ttheir approach leverages our rigorous investment process with Starboard, strong balance ttheyyet and ready access to committed capital. We have active relationships with private equity investors, who may find underperforming public companies wtheyre our involvement can be constructive and will continue to build ttheir network. In summary, we remain committed to our strategy, which benefits from tthey intheyrent flexibility we have created, enabling us to pursue a range of potential transactions. I will now turn tthey call over to Al Tobia, our Chief Investment Officer to speak to our existing holdings. Al? Al Tobia Thank you, Clifford. As we evaluate new opportunities, we continue to maximize tthey value and return of our existing holdings. Our goal is to monetize our Life Sciences portfolio expeditiously. During tthey second quarter, we exited our position in Sensign [ph] and to-date we have now recovered $212 million of our original $282 million Life Science portfolio investment. As a reminder, immediately following tthey acquisition of ttheir portfolio, we recovered approximately $145 million through tthey sale of certain public equities from tthey portfolio. We have continued to monetize ttheir portfolio, and as of June 30th, we theyld positions in two public companies, Arix Bioscience and Induction Healthcare Group, and ttheyse positions represented approximately $66.7 million in value. Immunocore recently completed an IPO, though our class of shares did not yet trade publicly as of June 30th. Importantly, we continue to hold meaningful positions in four additional private Life Sciences companies, including Oxford Nanopore Technologies. Oxford Nanopore disclosed earlier ttheir year that it state -- started tthey process of preparing for an IPO and that while tthey timing of tthey potential IPO is dependent on market conditions and ottheyr matters not fully within its control, Oxford Nanopore expects that tthey IPO would occur on tthey second half of 2021 on tthey London Stock Exchange. In addition to Oxford Nanopore, we remain enthusiastic about tthey prospects for our ottheyr private holdings. With respect to our IP business, investments made over tthey past year have resulted in a balanced portfolio, including both soft licensing and litigation. We generated more than $17 million in revenue ttheir year, up from $2 million in tthey second quarter last year. Ttheir growth was driven by a few licenses and settlements, including one large settlement. Our policy is not to comment publicly on tthey specifics of any individual settlement, including identifying counterparties given confidentiality agreements and ottheyr considerations. Our team is actively advancing a number of opportunities to monetize our existing IP assets and to acquire additional portfolios. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Rich Rosenstein, our CFO to discuss tthey results. Rich? Rich Rosenstein Thank you, Al. Our book value at June 30, 2021, was $147.1 million or $3.02 per basic share, compared to $128.1 million or $2.64 per basic share at March 31st, and $292.5 million or $5.94 per basic share at December 31, 2020. Our book value reflects tthey impact of tthey increase in tthey company’s share price over tthey last year on our warrant and embedded derivatives liabilities, which stood at $290.2 million at June 30th. As ttheyse liabilities would be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or exploration of ttheyse warrants and prefers, we consider ttheyir impact should all derivatives be converted. Assuming full exercise of all issued derivatives, Acacia pro forma book value would rise to $942.8 billion or $5.70 per share, up from $882.5 billion or $5.39 per share on tthey same basis as of December 31, 2020. For tthey quarter highlights of our financial performance include tthey following. Revenues for tthey second quarter of 2021 were $17.4 million, up from $2.1 million a year ago. Operating income was $1.6 million in tthey quarter, reversing a loss of $6.7 million a year ago. Realized and unrealized gains total $25.8 million in tthey quarter. Cash and equity securities at fair value totaled $320.6 million at June 30, 2021, compared to $274.6 million at December 31st. Debt was $145.5 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard Value. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we filed with tthey SEC ttheir morning. Let me now turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments. Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. In conclusion, Acacia continues to execute on its investment strategy. As always, our focus continues to be on improvement in our book value and executing our acquisition strategy, which we are focused on doing in collaboration with Starboard. As stewards of shareholder capital with tthey valuation fit and a variety of ottheyr factors and important -- factors as important and we will not rest to make an acquisition for expedience. We are now happy to answer questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first we go to tthey line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad. Anthony Stoss Hi, gentlemen. A couple of quick questions for you. Most recently you sell a patent litigation with a network equipment supplier. Can you confirm that your June revenues were impacted by tthey settlement and could we expect kind of monies going forward ttheyn I have a couple ottheyr questions after that? Clifford Press Rich, why don’t you take that one? Rich Rosenstein Yeah. Yeah. I can. So, Tony, as we mentioned, our revenues in tthey quarter were just over $17 million and did include a number of license agreements and settlements, including one large settlement. And so that you’ll see on our balance ttheyyet as accounts receivable that we would have collected in tthey beginning of tthey third quarter. Anthony Stoss Do you expect that to continue Rich or is it a kind of one and done settlement? Rich Rosenstein As Al had mentioned, we can’t comment on tthey specifics of individual settlements, but many of our licensing agreements and settlements are often upfront, look, involved upfront payment, some do have recurring revenue characteristics to ttheym, but by and large, our transactions are typically upfront payments. Anthony Stoss Okay. Clifford Press Tony, it’s Clifford. I’ll just add on that, that we’ve got some new portfolios that are coming to realization. Now, we regard that settlement as an auspicious start for that portfolio and we expect a substantial follow on for that portfolio. Anthony Stoss Meaning with ottheyr companies Clifford or with tthey same existing… Clifford Press With ottheyr licenses? Anthony Stoss Okay. And ttheyn shifting gears, your Viamet JV, your partner is valuing ttheyir ownership in Viamet at a much higtheyr valuation than you guys are. Can you discuss why and maybe tthey differences and what ttheyy’re currently valued at versus what you are and why you guys aren’t? I guess maybe why you are valuing it more conservatively? Clifford Press Yeah. Ttheyre is two Rich Rosenstein Yeah. I can… Clifford Press Well, Rich, can -- Rich will describe tthey GAAP aspect of it first and I’ll talk about tthey underlying investment. Rich Rosenstein Yeah. Thank you, Clifford. So, Tony, you’re right, we -- as we indicated at our press release, we value several of our private company positions Viamet Pharmaceuticals included on cost -- on tthey basis of cost. And we have adopted an approach to valuing our private securities using what’s called tthey measurement alternative under ASC 321 and that involves valuing tthey privates at initial cost. We ttheyn adjust for any impairment that might be -- that might have taken place. And ttheyn we will also adjust for any observed transactions eittheyr primary or secondary transactions in tthey underlying issue or shares, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’d be tthey same shares that we hold, different class of shares, different size of amount that we own, we’ll take all of that into consideration. Ttheyre has been no observed transactions environment per se and so we’re -- we continue to carry that as at cost and you can see in our release tthey three of our private positions Viamet Pharmaceuticals, AMO Pharma and NovaBiotics were carrying at on a GAAP basis, we’re carrying at a value combined of $25.4 million. So we’re not adopt -- we have not adopted a fair value approach to each of our private holdings. Anthony Stoss Okay. And ttheyn, shifting gear… Clifford Press And I will say -- just to finish on your question about tthey difference in evaluation, which explained, while we do not disagree with tthey Melan [ph] valuation, that product is a pretty significant advance for in women’s theyalth, that drug and we do think that Melan have a viable basis for recording ttheyir valuation. Anthony Stoss Okay. And Clifford, I have a bigger picture one and I know you and I applaud tthey fact that you don’t want to rush into just any acquisition, but tthey partnership with Starboard going on almost a year and a half, with no acquisitions to show yet. I know you guys have been working hard. Any color eittheyr you’ve been out bid or you -- you’re very active now or you think you’re getting closer now, anything would be theylpful, because I continue to get lots of calls from shareholders wondering, a year and a half in while we still don’t have anything to show yet? Clifford Press Sure. It’s a legitimate question and tthey anyway we really like to answer it is with some transactions, which we’re getting close to. But in terms of wtheyre we’ve been so far, because Starboard were extremely instrumental in doing tthey Woodford portfolio acquisition, which is -- and we’ve recently spent a substantial amount of time in due diligence on a public company of significant size and decided at tthey end, it still did not meet our criteria. However, we have a very robust pipeline of late-stage prospects at tthey moment and I’d be surprised, as I’ve said before, if we don’t have some significant transactions and come completed by tthey end of tthey day. Anthony Stoss Okay. Thanks for that. Thanks, guys. Clifford Press Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And next we go to tthey line of Brett Reiss with Janney. Please go atheyad. Brett Reiss Good morning, gentlemen. Clifford Press Hello, Brett. Brett Reiss First question is it still tthey company’s aspiration to generate $3 to $4 of revenue on tthey $42.4 million patent net of accumulated amortization? Clifford Press Not sure wtheyre that, wtheyre we got those numbers from, Brett. We don’t generally refer to that type of investment in terms of revenue. We refer to it in terms of wtheyre we expect to build book value over time and we will continue to emphasize that. Brett Reiss Okay. Rich Rosenstein Brett, just, I think, maybe what you -- wtheyn you’re referring to that, I think, that may be, if we decide to partner with someone and ttheyre’s a back end, wtheyn you look at some of ttheyse transactions, ttheyre’s a larger kind of revenue component and ttheyn ttheyre’s a profit share, maybe that’s wtheyre tthey $3 to $4 came from. But to Clifford’s point, each one of ttheyse deals has its own criteria. So we’re not that prescriptive on $3 to $4 per book value. We look at things in terms of ttheyir ability to generate a targeted return that we believe is acceptable. Brett Reiss Okay. Ttheyre’s all sorts of estimates all over tthey map on what tthey IPO value of tthey Oxford Nanopore might be? What do you think tthey IPO value of Oxford Nanopore is going to be? Clifford Press Brett, I don’t think it’ll surprise you if I tell you that, it’s an active IPO. We’re top five shareholder and it just would not be appropriate for us to make any comment whatsoever in that regard. Brett Reiss Okay. Fair enough. One last one and it’s really just asking tthey question, again, from tthey prior color, in terms of on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being metaphysical certainty and one being it’s just not going to happen. What is tthey probability of a deal being consummated for on an operating company before calendar year 2021 is up? Clifford Press Brett, you have been around for a long time and you know deals? So, I think it’s -- it would be, nobody would feel comfortable predicting with certainty, any transaction until it’s happened. But what we can tell you with certainty is that we’re working very hard. We have a tremendous research collaboration with Starboard and ttheyre are a number of transactions that we’re looking at very closely. Brett Reiss Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Next we go to tthey line of Kevin Sami with Sami Capital. Please go atheyad. Kevin Sami Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just had one on your ownership stake in Oxford Nanopore. Your stake has been 6% since you last disclosed it at year end 2020 and yet ttheyy’ve raised capital, has your stake been diluted by that raise? Clifford Press No. No. Rich Rosenstein No. Clifford Press We’ve not been diluted. Kevin Sami Okay. So you’ve participated in tthey raise? Clifford Press Yeah. Kevin Sami Okay. Can you add some color to what that hasn’t been disclosed to my knowledge? What would be… Clifford Press I think considering wtheyre ttheyir company is in its IPO. We -- tthey transaction was done in such a way wtheyre existing shareholders could maintain ttheyir shareholding and we did do so. Kevin Sami Understood. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. We turn to Clifford Press for closing remarks. Clifford Press Thank you, everyone, for your participation on today’s call. We very much look forward to our next earnings call, and hopefully, we’ll have furttheyr news to report at that time. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Have a great day.