Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call July 23, 2015 4:30 AM ET Executives Matttheyw Vella - Chief Executive Officer Clayton Haynes - Chief Financial Officer David Rosmann - Executive Vice President, Strategic Licensing Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets Bryan Prohm - Cowen and Company Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon and welcome ladies and gentlemen to tthey Acacia Research Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey Company, we will open tthey conference for question-and-answer after tthey presentation. I’ll now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Matttheyw Vella. Please go atheyad, sir. Matttheyw Vella Thanks, Don. Thanks for being with us today. Today’s call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our 8-K, which was filed with tthey SEC today, for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today’s call, tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and it’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. With me today are Clayton Haynes, our Chief Financial Officer and David Rosmann, our Executive Vice President of Licensing. Clayton will start our call by taking you through tthey numbers for ttheir past quarter. Clayton? Clayton Haynes Thank you, Matt and thank you to those joining us for today’s earnings conference call. As detailed in our earnings release today, second quarter 2015 revenues totaled $40.3 million, as compared to $50.1 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Second quarter 2015 revenues were comprised primarily of 20 new license agreements executed in tthey quarter, as compared to 15 new license agreements executed in tthey comparable prior year quarter. As we have discussed on previous conference calls, license fee revenues continue to be uneven from period-to-period. For tthey second quarter of 2015, we reported a GAAP net loss of $3.7 million or $0.18 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $12.9 million or $0.27 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported net income of $12.7 million or $0.25 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net income of $7.9 million or $0.16 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. As discussed on previous conference calls, non-GAAP net income or loss excludes tthey impact of certain non-cash charges. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures in ottheyr notes in today’s earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. On a combined basis, inventor royalties and contingent legal fees expense decreased 62% primarily due to tthey 19% decrease in related revenues quarter-to-quarter and a higtheyr percentage of revenues generated during tthey second quarter of 2015 having no inventor royalty obligations as compared to tthey revenues generated during tthey second quarter of 2014. As a result, average margins for tthey second quarter of 2015 were 83%, as compared to 65% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses decreased 17% to $9 million due primarily to a net decrease and litigation support and third-party technical consulting expenses associated with ongoing and new licensing enforcement programs commenced since tthey end of tthey comparable prior year quarter. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period-to-period based on future activity levels in those periods. MG&A expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation charges, decreased 19% quarter-to-quarter, due primarily to a net decrease in variable performance-based compensation costs, corporate general and admin cost and employee segments related cost. Second quarter 2015 non-cash patent amortization charges decreased 15% due primarily to a decrease in accelerated amortization related to patent portfolio ttheir positions totaling $2.7 million which was partially offset by a $1 million increase in amortization or patent related investments made since tthey end of tthey prior year quarter. We ended Q2 2015 with $166.9 million of cash and investments versus $193 million as of December 31, 2014. Q2 2015 patent investment related upfront advances and sctheyduled milestone payments totaled $1.8 million, as compared to $21.1 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Cash outflows for Q2 2015 also reflect quarterly cash dividends paid to shareholders totaling $6.4 million. Looking forward, with respect to our cost structure consistent with our continued focus on reducing our general and administrative costs on a year-to-date basis, we have reduced our theyadcount from 57 full-time employees at tthey beginning of tthey year to 44 full-time employees as of today and approximate 23% reduction, which results in an annual savings of approximately $6 million on a GAAP basis and $3.2 million on a non-GAAP basis. As a result, we expect our 2015 fixed MG&A expense excluding non-cash stock compensation and variable-performance based compensation to be in tthey range of $24 million to $25 million including tthey impact of an estimate of Q3 2015 severance related charges. Based on our cost structure reduction activities to date, 2016 fixed MG&A expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation and variable-performance based compensation would be in tthey range of $21 million to $22 million. Based on current outstanding grants of restricted stock, we expect sctheyduled non-cash stock compensation charges for fiscal 2015 to be approximately $11.7 million down from tthey original 2015 estimate of $13 million as a result of tthey reductions previously discussed. For fiscal 2015, we expect patent related litigation and licensing expenses to be in tthey range of $34 million to $35 million depending on net patent portfolio litigation, international enforcement and strategic patent prosecution activities occurring in Q3 and Q4 2015. Excluding any additional 2015 patent portfolio investments, sctheyduled fiscal year 2015 patent amortization expense is expected to be approximately $52.3 million.  Thank you again for joining us today. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Matt Vella. Matttheyw Vella Thanks Clayton. Acacia continues its mission of charting for its patent partners, a path to financial returns for tthey unauthorized use of ttheyir patented technologies. To date, we have earned well over $1 billion of license revenue and have returned nearly $700 million to our partners, our customers. We remain confident in our strategy and operating focus and continue to expect revenue to ramp through tthey balance of 2015. Ttheir past quarter Acacia generated over $40 million in revenue and nearly $13 million in pro forma net profit, despite tthey absence of tthey significant revenue catalyst in ttheir period. Though our expectations for tthey first half of 2015 were certainly higtheyr, we did just deliver 19% year-over-year growth over tthey first half of 2014 while operating in a particularly challenging business environment that resulted in tthey brief, but nonettheyless unanticipated postponement of several key trial dates ttheir past quarter. And that also resulted despite three consecutive legal VoiceAge victories in Germany and German course choosing tthey state product injunctions subsequent to those victories. Ttheir quarter’s performance speaks at a robustness of Acacia's business model, tthey breadth and strength of our marquee portfolios and our ability to operate regardless of tthey legal and regulatory climate. Turning to VoiceAge and Adaptix, though we expected adjudicated trials for our VoiceAge and Adaptix portfolios to be tthey revenue drivers ttheir past quarter. All those revenue drivers were postponed by one to two quarters. As of now, our first two Adaptix base station trials originally sctheyduled for June will now occur in August and in November. Also with tthey clarification of European Union law regarding standards-essential patents such as tthey VoiceAge patents as a result of last week's patented donor favorable decision in Huawei against ZTE at tthey European Court of Justice. Acacia is in that position to do, but we thought we would be able to do last quarter seek injunctions on tthey three VoiceAge patents we have successfully tried in Germany over tthey next quarter. We will also proceed tthey trial and three ottheyr VoiceAge patents we have asserted in tthey next two to three quarters. With ttheyse postponements Acacia’s upcoming trial calendar is even more densely populated over tthey next several quarters. We continue to believe that tthey rapid onset of approaching trial dates coupled with tthey theirtorical correlation at Acacia between trial dates and revenue events will result in significantly enhanced revenues in tthey later half of 2015 and into 2016. As always, you can see a description of Acacia's upcoming trial calendar under tthey portfolio tab in our website. Turning to our challenging operating environment ttheyre is no doubt that patent reform has changed in nature. But patent licensing industry including Acacia’s business as evidenced by tthey aforementioned VoiceAge and Adaptix performance. More specifically it is clear to us that tthey America Invents Act of 2011 has increased attempt to money on our assets. We see two key factors contributing to ttheir outcome. First, we had witness in increasing tthey effectiveness of legal and procedural mechanisms such as IPRs in America. And if it is a willing licensee defense is on standard-essential patents in Europe. Ttheyy allow defendants to respond patent trial remedies even in cases wtheyre tthey application of tthey mechanisms does not significantly reduce tthey value of our patents. We saw an example of ttheir in our German VoiceAge matter, wtheyre willing licensee defenses were used to respond albeit probably briefly applications of injunctions after we prevail tthey trial. Tthey second factor contributing to tthey challenging operating environment stems from tthey fact that patent laws undergone as most radical transformation in decades. Any change in patent law has tthey potential to up in case specific assumptions on which our licensing and litigation strategies have been built resulting in revenue driver performance has occurred ttheir quarter in our Adaptix case versus Apple. Though ttheyse effects have delayed revenue in tthey short-term ttheyy have not fundamentally damaged our business for a long-term outlook. We have recently won in fact many critical IPRs including a few relating to our Adaptix and Nokia-Siemens portfolios. We believe that ottheyr industry players however with fewer and weaker patent assets, lower capital reserves and tthey less experienced team are more vulnerable to ttheyse current obstacles in tthey current licensing environment. Longer-term, we expect ttheyse theyadwinds to abate for us and we expect to be a stronger competitor for having navigated ttheir business climate. On tthey flip side of patent reform it is worth noting that as competition diminittheyys because of patent reform unanticipated benefits might soon result. For example, we believe that 2011 America Invents Act has reduced tthey total number of patent litigations proceeding to trial meaning many of our newly filed patent cases are receiving significantly quicker trial dates than ever before. Accordingly Acacia may unexpectedly be in a position to capitalize on faster trial date and potentially faster time for money on its new portfolios. As Acacia in point, our Nokia-Siemens portfolio litigation filed earlier ttheir year has recently received speedy trial dates. Also in tthey flip side of patent reform uncertainty surrounding patent reform efforts continue to enable Acacia to acquire rights to world-class portfolios requiring only modest capital outlays. As we have said in previous earnings calls, patent reform efforts have unfairly targeted patent holders leading ttheym to de-risk legally and financially by turn to Acacia as a preferred patent licensing partner. Ttheir has allowed Acacia to partner with some of tthey world's most [inventor] companies for relatively modest capital outlays. Recently for example, Acacia added to its rich and broad set of high-quality patents by partnering with owners of two additional valuable portfolios. One of tthey portfolios will be Acacia's first marquee portfolios in tthey energy space. Tthey ottheyr relates to tthey improved operation of eCommerce reforms. Consistent with Acacia’s strategic shift towards a smaller number of higtheyr value portfolios, marquee portfolios, our portfolio intake pipeline remains filled with several deep and promising patents from tthey technology, automotive and energy verticals. As inventor company seek out tthey best partner to navigate patent licensing’s complex operating environment. Our marquee portfolios count now stands at 13 and we continue to target 15 to 17 marquee portfolios by year-end. On tthey expense side as mentioned by Clayton, Acacia continues to examine its cost structures as we focus on fewer patented assets. Litigation and legal costs have increased over tthey past couple of years as Acacia's marquee strategy has placed tthey premium on exhaustive diligence of patent portfolios prior to intake and ttheyn positive litigation and prosecution efforts in defensive marquee portfolios. We still expect to rest and reverse tthey growth of ttheyse costs. Moreover, with fewer portfolios coming into Acacia significant work has been done on reaching appropriate staffing in SG&A levels an effort to maximize profitability. Please reference Clayton's earlier remarks or specifics in ttheir regard. On tthey regulatory front what appeared earlier in tthey year to be inevitable patent legislation seems to have moderated at least for tthey time being. Tthey innovation act in tthey house of representatives and tthey Senates patent act are one into way to committees on Capitol Hill. As opposed to earlier iterations however, tthey opposition of varying and controversial elements in tthey legislation appears more strident and robust ttheir time around. Our stands remains tthey same with respect to tthey judicial initiatives falling under tthey patent reform rubric. We generally support legislation that will eradicate abusive and frivolous patent litigation. In Acacia is always benefited on tthey whole for many legislative initiatives tthey unintended effect of which is to increase tthey complexity expense and financial risk of patent litigation by drawing higtheyr-quality portfolios into our company. In closing, over tthey past several quarters, Acacia has continued to pursue its marquee portfolio strategy, holding in on a smaller number but ultimately more financially rewarding to set of patent portfolios. Ttheir strategy remains in place. We continued to believe that ttheyse marquee portfolios with highly defensible claims, reading on high revenue markets will be significantly more rewarding for our customers, as well as for our shareholders. Accordingly Acacia now controls tthey best assets in our company’s theirtory and now possesses more future revenue opportunity at any point in tthey theirtory of ttheir company. We’ve encountered unforeseen adversity in 2015 as we continue to resurgence of our business. We believe our relative performance boards well for a strategy and that Acacia remains very well positioned for high-caliber long-term performance including in tthey upcoming quarters. Thank you for ongoing interest and support of Acacia. Operator, we can now open tthey call up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento Good afternoon guys. Matttheyw Vella Hi, Mark. Mark Argento Maybe we could touch on gross margins in tthey quarter looked higtheyr than normal. Could you talk a little bit about what drove tthey gross margins higtheyr? Matttheyw Vella Sure, sure each quarter tthey gross margins are based upon which portfolios are contributing to revenues in a particular quarter you know just it will happen that in ttheir particular quarter one of tthey programs that contributed a significant portion of tthey revenues from an economic standpoint tthey inventor royalty on that particular program wtheyre next to zero and so that translate to higtheyr margins for that particular portfolio in tthey quarter. Mark Argento Gotcha. Do you know I know in tthey queue you typically breakout, tthey top two or three contributors on a percentage of revenue basis do you happen to have that handy? Matttheyw Vella Yes, yes we included that in tthey release as well in tthey second quarter of 2015 one licensee contributed to or comprise 74% of tthey revenue during tthey quarter. Mark Argento Gotcha. Matttheyw Vella And that’s compared which I believe 54% and 30% in tthey prior quarter. Clayton Haynes And Mark I will add that in general wtheyn we deploy capital and we have deployed capital as we’ve said publicly we do seek to have preferred rates of return on licensing proceeds until we recover that capital and in some cases we are able to obtain those preferred rates of return even beyond capital of recovery. So I think part of what you're seeing is that principal put into operation. Mark Argento Great, good to theyar. And ttheyn capital allocation I know capital that a premium in ttheir industry right now especially just given tthey amount of turmoil, it looks like you guys quite generate a little bit of cash given tthey result in tthey quarter. Thoughts on buyback I know you have still some authorized I don’t I am guessing you didn’t buy any stock back with tthey stock $310 have you guys given any more thought or maybe just remind us on kind of what tthey criteria ttheyre is ottheyr than you know ttheir kind of continuously evaluating. Is ttheyre anything more that you guys are looking at or just too choppy as an environment right now to want to buy more stock? Matttheyw Vella Well, first of all you know we obviously discussed at lengttheyn we will obviously keep discussing it at length we’re not happy with tthey stock price performance. Having said that tthey dividend now stands at 6% and that’s always been tthey boards preferred mechanism for returning capital to shareholders. And we've just to recap declared and paid $63 million in dividends and we’ve bought back around $35 million of stock. Having said that dividend is tthey preferred capital of return mechanism we thought it would be imprudent to layer a buyback on top of tthey dividend at ttheir time, but since a lot of going on with tthey Company in terms of prospectively good revenue opportunities and a lot of very high-profile trials coming up in just tthey next two months. You can rest assure that we will continuously monitor tthey situation and ttheyn continuously consider wtheyttheyr or not we should be reinitiating a buyback authorization. Mark Argento Great. And ttheyn last question in terms of Europe, obviously you guys have gone a lot more active in Europe and for obvious reasons. Is that trend going to continue or are you starting to see any of tthey kind of tthey courts at least in tthey U.S. start to act a little bit more say rational, but not as active as ttheir maybe ttheyy added a one-point in tthey continuum. Matttheyw Vella Well, two things. I think just two separate issues in ttheyre. One, we will continue to increase our presence in Europe and that simply because tthey court system ttheyre as evidenced by that recent Huawei ZTE decision is well-suited for certain kinds of patent licensing matters, specifically standards-essential patents. In tthey U.S., turning to a different issue I wouldn’t call tthey courts activist I just think that tthey course like us have been dealing with a lot of churn and with a lot of procedural mechanisms that were in ttheyre before. What we are finding is ttheir, we’ll learn to live with tthey procedural mechanisms and we learn to navigate ttheym as you can seen from our recent IPR records for example, our recent records on claim constructions. And tthey courts have to go through that same process as well and as ttheyy stabilize and catch-up to tthey changes, we find things are operating more efficiently. Tthey ottheyr thing we find as I mentioned in my remarks is our impression seems to be that fewer matters are going to trial, not always we seem to be taking a minute in tthey same rate more or less or we seem to see fewer matters in general, which means that we’re getting speedier in trial date and that makes tthey U.S. system look a little more interesting and it did perhaps three months ago. Mark Argento I appreciate it. Congrats on tthey decent quarter guys. Matttheyw Vella Thanks. Operator We will go next to Bryan Prohm with Cowen and Company. Bryan Prohm Hey Matt, theyy Clayton. How are you guys doing? Matttheyw Vella Good Bryan, how are you? Bryan Prohm Hey, thanks for taking my question. Hey Matt in your prepared remarks I believe you said that revenue would ramp through tthey back half of 2015 and what you don't guide that certainly sounds like you're at least expecting a higtheyr revenue in tthey back half versus tthey first half based on tthey visibility into Adaptix and VoiceAge and some of tthey trial that you spoke to earlier. So give us a better sense of how optimistic you are in tthey back half? Is ttheir really tthey inflection point wtheyre all of tthey business model changes put togettheyr over tthey last 18 to 24 months are finally starting to come togettheyr and trial delays have reactheyd tthey point wtheyre ttheyy can no longer be puttheyyd furttheyr out in tthey calendar and some favorable rulings out of Europe and some recent market opinions make it sound like to lend credence to your optimism? Thanks  Matttheyw Vella Tthey short answer is yes. I mean and obviously I can’t give you too lengthy in answer, but tthey slightly longer answer is we've been pretty forthright in telling folks that tthey initiation of our revenue ramp was going to come on tthey back of Adaptix and VoiceAge. And so Adaptix has to reiterate, we don't think those trial dates are going to get puttheyyd out any more and I think always could you never know what can happen. But at ttheir point, we really don’t think ttheyy are going to get puttheyyd out, ttheyy’ve already been puttheyyd out a couple of times. And it seems that our impression from tthey cadence of tthey rulings and ttheyir nature is that ttheyy are locked in now. On tthey VoiceAge matters that touch murkier, but really not that much murkier because again unlike Adaptix ttheyre we actually have tthey three trial wins, those don't go back that ttheyre’s. And now we seem to have a clear path into what German and ottheyr European courts will do with those wins. And so that reasoning holds up ttheyn I come back to what I’ve been saying about tthey revenue ramp that will happen on tthey backs of those portfolios initially and ttheyy seem well positioned accordingly. Bryan Prohm Okay, so ttheyn how many specific trial dates or major revenue events are ttheyre from theyre into your end? Is it more than 10 I mean I know you’ve given ranges on ttheyse numbers in tthey past, but I mean outside my theyad ttheyre areat least three Adaptix and depending on tthey number of defendants and tthey number of android OEMs that are infringing VoiceAge that seems like a reasonable number, is that fair? Matttheyw Vella Well, it depends on tthey chunk of revenue you're talking about ttheir for more than 10 and we are talking about revenue drivers period, because we have trials coming up in tthey Labyrinth, we have trials coming up in [indiscernible] develop more keys, but ttheyy are very valuable portfolios and those are revenue drivers potentially as well. I’ll keep my remarks contained to Adaptix and VoiceAge because that’s tthey data I have off top of my theyad. On Adaptix we have two trial date sctheyduled on tthey base station side, on tthey handset side we still haven’t been sctheyduled as of yet, what we've gotten is a bit of clarification on how, but we think we’ve gotten some clarification on how courts are going to handle. I’m going to call it [indiscernible] inaccurately, but how ttheyy are going to handle, basically tthey impact of tthey unfavorable Apple decision we received last February that leads us to believe that we should be getting sctheyduled. Wtheyn we get sctheydule we don't know tthey lots of know, so ttheyre is two ttheyre. On VoiceAge, it's a little more variable let me hand it over to David, but I think basically you are looking at episode of decoupled tthey revenue events from tthey trials, right. Ttheyre is three trials coming up, ttheyre is two injunctions that might be enforced and ttheyre is really three licensees that are positioned to which license agreements along with a number of ottheyrs that are talking to us, but maybe I’ll hand it over to David for detail. David Rosmann Yes, just summarizing on VoiceAge, we've already won ttheir year on three patents in VoiceAge and tthey court was prepared to move into tthey remedy phase in which case and injunction would be tthey typical remedy to apply in ttheir case, but ttheyy were put on hold pending tthey resolution of tthey European Court of Justice decision. That decision came down on July 16 and we think that allows us to move forward not just on tthey three cases that we've already won and move forward in a very positive way. But it opens tthey door now for tthey remaining three cases that we are going to proceed over tthey next three months to move to resolution without tthey cloud of uncertainty that has now been resolved by tthey European Court of Justice and we believe that tthey decision of tthey European Court of Justice rendered allows gives us tools to compel infringers to actually face tthey fact that fringing tthey patents as supposed to take ttheyylter on tthey ambiguity that existed prior to ttheir decision. So we think it’s very positive. Bryan Prohm Great. Thanks for tthey color on that I appreciate tthey detail. Last follow-up question on capital return, so if dividend is tthey preferred method of return does that mean we could see special dividends, one-time dividends if you get some home runs and grand slams on some of ttheyse trials that are upcoming? Thanks. David Rosmann Yes. Bryan Prohm Okay, that was a quick answer. I’ll pass on to tthey next. Thanks, and I’ll get back in tthey queue. Operator We’ll take our next question from Mike Latimore with Northland Capital. Mike Latimore Great. Thanks a lot. I guess just back on VoiceAge. So it sounds likes ttheyre is a number of positive events ttheyre, but I guess are ttheyre clear revenue events in tthey third quarter around VoiceAge at ttheir point? Matttheyw Vella What happened is wtheyn tthey courts were waiting for tthey European Court of Justice to rule and keep in mind that’s been – that case in tthey European Court of Justice has been pending for almost two years. Tthey courts really didn't know what remedies ttheyy could render on standard-essential patent. Ttheyy know now, we know now, but most importantly tthey infringers know now that ttheyy can't rely on that ambiguity and so we expect that ttheyy are going to based on what tthey court is ruled have to negotiate in good faith to eittheyr enter into an agreement with us or facing injunction in Europe. And so that answers your question. Mike Latimore And ttheyn - are ttheyre sctheyduled meeting were ttheyse injunctions would be kind of determined or date? Matttheyw Vella Yes, ttheyre are courts, ttheyre are sctheyduled court theyarings over tthey next several months, we actually have theyarings in March and June wtheyre tthey court has found patents to be infringed and as simply stayed tthey final judgment on infringement and in ECJ decision. Now that is tthey result, we are going to go almost first three patents of infringed and discuss tthey injunction issue on September 22. In addition we have on August 5 in Munich wtheyre we are going to be taking up all those issues and ttheyn again in January of 2016. So we are going to be addressing our additional patents that are infringe and also addressing tthey resolution – tthey final resolution of tthey patents that all you have been found are infringe. And that’s been only in our view facilitate those cases. Mike Latimore And ttheyn for tthey large element in tthey second quarter I guess was that with tthey Marquee portfolio and I guess ottheyr potential licensee for that? Matttheyw Vella Yes and yes. Mike Latimore And you mentioned – I saw you mentioned that you have new Marquee portfolio in tthey energy space and ttheyn one in tthey e-commerce server form arena. So you are announcing two marquees is that right? Matttheyw Vella No, for now one, you’ll recall in previous calls that sometimes it might take us a few months to figure out wtheyttheyr something hits us with one we are confident that tthey energy one with tthey ottheyr one we have to wait and see how certain things span out. Mike Latimore Great thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will next go to David Huff a Private Investor. Please state you question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, Matt great quarter really interesting to see a lot of different things that are going on in tthey docket. Two quick questions I will try to make ttheym brief, Reed portfolio has basically less tthey cases have been dismissed. Wtheyn we’re running – wtheyn I am running my models is that something I should continue to expect new events, new litigation to be filed or is that something that kind of wrapped up? Clayton Haynes Well, first of all [indiscernible] Private Investors, reports are mixed with very interesting reading, but that aside and on Reed I know ttheyre is more coming up and that does need to be modeled. Let me pass it to David for some clarification. David Rosmann Yes, and I would say that ttheyre will be additional briefcases that are going to be eminently filed. We talked about some of tthey developments that are seem to be moving in our direction, one of those was tthey elimination of tthey [SaaS] program within tthey PTO that was a secret of highly controversial program, but have tthey effect of essentially barring valuable patents that were pending through tthey process. Specifically with Reed, we have valuable families of patents that were pending for seven years within tthey PTO. With tthey suspension or tthey elimination of tthey SaaS program in March 2015 those patents issued almost immediately. And so we think those are very valuable patents just to take an example and we will be bringing those to – very soon. Unidentified Analyst Okay, that’s good to know. I guess tthey second question is tthey 74% license looks like that deal was done shortly after tthey Markman theyaring and right before tthey Markman opinions were issued against tthey ottheyr defendants, it looks like it was done at competitive rate probably at a discount that few of tthey remaining defendants are we looking at even better rate going forward? Clayton Haynes Well, I know tthey difficulty – I’m having a little bit of difficulty kind of figure out what’s confidential and what’s not, but let me answer with some general observations. We have at times entered into agreements well before trial dates and wtheyn we do it we will offer people very, very attractive early adopter discounts. Wtheyn ttheyy don't take those discounts and we go to trial we will get very much higtheyr rate and so for any situation wtheyre we’ve done early deals even tthey ones we’ve gotten quite a bit of money and ttheyn quite a bit of profit and tthey rates do significantly increase, increase is probably too softer word, ttheyy sore as we get to towards trial. And that’s simply because tthey costs and risk source and so that’s tthey way we price and that’s tthey way we always going to price and it’s good business for us to license early, it’s good business for license, use to take ttheyir license as early, but if don’t go with that way everyone is got to pay more. Unidentified Analyst I just had a quick follow-up question in that portfolio? Does that put that portfolio close to tthey black or in tthey black? Matttheyw Vella I can’t comment on individual portfolios, but I can say that’s’ for all tthey portfolios we license ttheir quarter tthey ones at least that come to mind we’re very happy with tthey P&L on those. Unidentified Analyst Okay, that’s it from me. Thank you. End of Q&A Operator Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back to Mr. Vella. Matttheyw Vella Well, again thanks for your support and stay tuned. Ttheir is going to be I think a very interesting and hopefully positive quarter. Bye for now. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access tthey replay for ttheir call, you may do so by visiting www.acaciaresearch.com. Ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.