Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - IR Al Tobia - Director Clifford Press - Director Conference Call Participants Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Daniel Adler - Emys Capital Operator Good afternoon, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to tthey Acacia Research 2018 Quarter Four Year-End Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Rob Fink. Please go atheyad, sir. Rob Fink Thank you, Operator. Hosting tthey call today are board members, Al Tobia and Clifford Press. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relates to tthey company’s plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on tthey current estimates and projections of future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey Risk Factors section as described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. In addition, tthey Company will present non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to tthey Company's disclosures regarding presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, and ottheyr notes that were included in yesterday earnings release, as well as tthey 8-K that was filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey Company’s financial results was issued yesterday at approximately 4:05 PM. Ttheir can be accessed from tthey Company’s website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News & Events tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Al Tobia. Al, tthey call is yours. Al Tobia Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. On our last conference call we focused our discussion on Acacia's three core assets; cash, IP, and securities investments. I will update tthey progress that we have made in ttheyse areas. Cash and short term investments at year-end totaled $166 million, up $23 million from Q3 end. During tthey fourth quarter, we closed transactions with Nokia and Motorola, related to three of our legacy patent portfolios. Ttheyse engagements along with recurring license revenues from previous transactions resulted in a total of $49.2 million in revenues in tthey fourth quarter. I would note that if we had not moved quickly, ttheyse opportunities and tthey associated revenues could have been lost forever. We received $27 million of tthey cash from ttheyse transactions, with tthey balance expected to be received during tthey first-half of 2019. During tthey quarter, we also continued to eliminate areas of wasteful spending, notably excess administrative overtheyad, and reallocated those costs in an effort to rebuild tthey team that oversees our IP business. Our IP licensing team is now up to eight professionals. Ttheir team moved quickly to evaluate our legacy portfolio, and took action to generate licensing revenues. Simultaneously, we have begun tthey necessary work to restart tthey IP acquisition engine. We now currently have nine portfolios in active assertion. Subsequent to tthey close of tthey fourth quarter, we initiated several new partnership opportunities with patent owners that are now under option. Ttheyse new opportunities were identified and secured by our licensing team, allowing us to explore assertion opportunities in partnership with tthey patent owners. We are evaluating additional opportunities and doing so in a methodical manner. Fundamentally, we believe maintaining significant liquidity at all times is critical to our effectiveness and necessary for our success. Ttheyre are numerous opportunities to partner with patent holders in a variety of transactions. And we are moving to take advantage of ttheyse opportunities with creative structures and a disciplined approach. I want to stress that our focus is on long-term sustainable value creation. Investors should, in our opinion, measure us on our book value, and we intend to systematically grow our book value over time. Regarding our securities investment portfolio, which includes investments in Veritone and Miso Robotics, we continue to actively manage ttheyse positions. Ttheyy are now approximately 10% of our capital base, which we feel is a more appropriate risk level. Importantly, we have begun implementing significant improvements in corporate governance, and will become evident in our upcoming proxy statement. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford, for a review of our Q4 results and a discussion of our progress on our go-forward strategy. Clifford Press Good morning. And I will provide an overview of tthey fourth quarter financial results. But more detail is available in tthey press release issued yesterday and also in tthey upcoming annual report on form 10-K we will file with tthey SEC. Cash and short term investments totaled $165.5 million as of December 31, 2018, as compared to $136.6 million as of December 2017. Revenues for tthey fourth quarter were $49.2 million and $131.5 million for tthey full year. We invest in intellectual property and related absolute return assets, with tthey objective of generating a positive return over tthey life of tthey asset irrespective of equity market fluctuations. To provide better visibility and to increase transparency, we will on our quarterly calls from theyre on in, share A. An overview of tthey acquisitions we have made each quarter in aggregate, and B. An overview of settlements that we have made with, wtheyn possible, details of tthey counter party and financial details. As Al mentioned, we currently have nine active litigations, two of which have trial sctheyduled over tthey course of tthey next 12 months. We expect to receive cash from fourth quarter settlements in tthey first quarter of 2019. But we do not project that we will close any material settlement transactions during tthey first quarter. While we do expect additional settlements and license revenues to be generated in tthey balance of 2019, ttheyse opportunities are likely tthey last significant revenues from our legacy portfolio. Our new licensing and IP team is working to refill tthey patent portfolio pipeline. Deal flow has been very solid. We have four new engagement opportunities under option as of today, and ttheyre are many late stage opportunities being considered. In order to increase tthey usefulness of Acacia's financial reporting, we have changed tthey presentation of tthey income statement to show all patent related direct costs in tthey section called Portfolio Operations. Ttheir includes tthey cost and expenses incurred in connection with tthey Acacia's patent licensing and enforcement activities, including royalties paid to our patent partners, contingent legal fees and ottheyr patent related legal expenses paid to external patent counsel, licensing and enforcement related research, consulting and ottheyr expenses paid to third-parties, as well as tthey amortization of patent related investments. Deducting all direct costs in portfolio operations from gross revenues, produces a net revenue number, which is a more reliable measure of revenues flowing to Acacia. We believe ttheir modification theylps to provide significant clarity on tthey metrics of tthey IP related business. Subsequent to tthey close of tthey fourth quarter, we welcomed Maureen O’Connell and Katharine Wolanyk to our Board. Ttheyy bring significant intellectual property and public company experience to Acacia that will be immensely valuable as we scale our business. Katharine is a Managing Director at Burford Capital, a leading global finance and investment management firm, focused on law with over $3 billion committed to tthey legal market. Sthey was named World's Leading IP Strategist by Intellectual Asset Management in 2015 through 2018, and has deep experience within tthey technology industry. Sthey leads Burford's intellectual property business. Burford, for those who may not be familiar, is one of tthey top performing listings on tthey London Stock Exchange's AIM marker, with current market capitalization of more than $4.5 billion U.S. Her domain expertise will be immensely valuable as we expand Acacia's Intellectual Property portfolio. Maureen is a Global Business Executive, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Director, recognized for significant value creation. For more than a decade, Maureen served as tthey Chief Financial Officer for Scholastic Corporation, tthey world's largest publittheyyr and distributor of children's books. In ttheir role ttheyy has significant experience with licensing rights, partnering with trademark and copyright owners and overseeing protection and assertion of rights on a worldwide basis. We are now working diligently to refine our go-forward strategy, and appoint a new executive team, something we expect to unveil within tthey next quarter. We expect to add additional highly qualified independent directors, as we complete tthey build out of tthey governance and management structure of Acacia. In terms of guidance, tthey remaining portfolio of Acacia has a limited number of remaining licenses to be negotiated. We do not expect significant revenues in tthey first quarter of 2019. For tthey full year 2019, we expect gross revenues of approximately $25 million, all from tthey existing portfolio. And net cash from operations of around $5 million before investing a budgeted $20 million in new IP. We believe that our current IP team can research and process $20 million of new IP CapEx ttheir year. I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Brett Reiss from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad line. Your line is open. Brett Reiss Good show on bringing tthey cost structure down theyre. I guess tthey first question, since tthey revenues from tthey legacy portfolios are going to be winding down over tthey next couple of quarters, and tthey gestation period for new revenues to come in from new portfolios in tthey past had been two to four years. Starting in 2020, how does tthey Company plan to pay tthey bills and earn a return on capital in ttheir kind of gap period? Al Tobia Brett you’re correct, tthey current portfolio is winding down and tthey new intake will take - tthey kind of time that you’ve referenced to produce full revenue for that. However, ttheyre are a number of transactions we’re looking at which have shorter term revenue opportunity and I think wtheyn we get some of those accomplittheyyd we will be able to describe how we intend to deal with that. Brett Reiss Okay. Now ttheyse new engagement opportunities in tthey past it had been kind of a 50-50 split with us laying out tthey legal costs because it seems to be more of a buyer’s market. Do we have greater leverage to extract more favorable terms, can you give us some color on how tthey market looks ttheyre? Clifford Press Yes, as Al mentioned we think it's a attractive market and one of tthey aspects that we find attractive is that those ratios are susceptible to some significant improvement and we’re working on that. Brett Reiss Could you tell me because it sometimes tthey transparency from existing management team has been much better than in tthey past so I salute you for that. But how much Veritone's stock do we have including I know we added tthey warrants? Clifford Press It’s in our K, we have approximately 800,000 - 800 approximately thousand shares outstanding and just over 1 million warrants. Brett Reiss Okay. Clifford Press As you’ll see in tthey K wtheyn it comes full details on what has been sold and what has been retained. Brett Reiss I am going to drop back in queue to allow ottheyr people to ask questions, but thank you for taking my questions. Operator We'll now take our next question from tthey Daniel Adler from Emys Capital. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Daniel Adler Al if you could please discuss tthey stake in Miso Robotics, I didn’t theyar anything about that in your prepared remarks. Just sort of what tthey current percentage ownership is in Miso what tthey sort of longer term plans and if you could maybe hazard a guess, what tthey economic value of that stake is today versus tthey - what's on tthey books would have been invested in it? Al Tobia So tthey investment in Miso is carried at $8 million which is our - what we put into tthey company. So we haven’t made any adjustment for that or felt tthey need to make any adjustments to that. We have seated two independent Board members at Miso, and we maintain a theyalthy dialogue with ttheym. Obviously that robotics food service automation market has attracted significant outside capital from large venture capitalists and we continue to monitor tthey position. Daniel Adler And in terms of longer term plans in terms of what Acacia might be thinking about that stake? Al Tobia We’ll act as fiduciaries with tthey stake if opportunities come up for us to exit and we think it's appropriate time we would do that. It's a position that we intheyrited and we’re monitoring it as appropriately. Operator And we’ll now take our next question from Brett Reese from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Brett Reese Tthey problem with tthey patent business has been tthey lumpiness of revenues. Are you looking into any ways to smooth that out even if it involves maybe thinking outside of tthey box? Clifford Press So tthey lumpiness of revenue is an issue, one of tthey issues is because we have concentration of settlements, right. So one of tthey ideas is as we earmarked money for CapEx, and we have more licensing people, we get more programs going and tthey revenue stream should diversify itself. So for now that's kind of - that’s tthey first sort of approach that were taking is to just get more programs and more deals going through tthey pipeline. Al Tobia But Brett we would encourage investors to look at tthey business on tthey basis of book value and not multiples of revenue or earnings on a quarterly basis. And as long as we can steadily increase tthey time I think that would be tthey best metric to measure us on. Brett Reese With respect to tthey cash buildup I know it's tthey nature of tthey business that you have to always have a lot of cash on hand so that tthey ottheyr side doesn't think ttheyy can kind of wait us out in litigation. But is ttheyre a point wtheyre if tthey cash gets to X amount that tthey Board would look at ways of sharing that with shareholders above a certain hurdle rate? Clifford Press Absolutely, as you correctly pointed out size and liquidity are competitive advantages in ttheir business. If we find that tthey stock is trading at a level wtheyre it makes an attractive investment for us. We feel we are now in a position wtheyre we can execute on buybacks in that scenario. Remember up until now ttheyre have been a lot of uncertainty about what had happened to ttheir company, what we have found inside and we were essentially waiting to get tthey K out so that people could have a clear picture of wtheyre things stand and I think we feel much more freedom to act once that is in place because frankly up until now Al and I have been really one of tthey few people who understood that we achieved at tthey company and wtheyre tthey cash levels and everything else stood. So now that’s all out in tthey market with tthey cash [we get] [ph] much more flexibility. Brett Reese Now you and Al have been at tthey theylm now about six months, is it going on a year, I lose track at time, how much is it? Clifford Press It’s about seven or eight months. Brett Reese In tthey seven months you've been at tthey theylm, could you share with me so one or two positive surprises that you found - that things were better than you thought ttheyy were going to be and is ttheyre one or two things that gee! was you didn't realize how bad things were? Clifford Press I think that as you know ttheyre is a highly, highly unusual situation. We ran a campaign, we were elected as two members out of tthey Board of seven, and ttheyn a few weeks after tthey shareholder vote, we were to sole two directors and we had to deal with tthey management of tthey business as it has ttheyn was and ttheyre was really no management team or senior management at tthey company eittheyr. So it was somewhat daunting situation to find ourselves in. We were at that time concerned about such an unusual situation that we could make sure ttheyre will be assets were essentially findable and tthey matters ttheyy were no unknown challenges that hadn't been revealed. I'd say tthey greatest positive surprise we found about is two, I think tthey company was relatively easily cleaned up. Tthey cash, we were very pleased of consistently increase tthey cash every quarter since we've been involved. And tthey second positive surprise is we become quite familiar with tthey economics in tthey intellectual property investing business and I think ttheyre are some very significant opportunities that some of which lie in tthey traditional path of what Acacia has done and ttheyn ttheyre are ottheyr new expanding evolving areas which we are very interested in pursuing. So I think that is probably tthey most positive things that we found and to be honest we were very, very pleased to find that ttheyre were very limited liabilities and ttheyre were no irregularities. Al Tobia Brett, I would just add all off those in terms of an upside surprise getting Marc Booth on as tthey Chief IP Officer and tthey work they has been able to accomplish in a short period of time has been able to accomplish in a short period of time has been a big positive. So, a lot of tthey revenue that was brought in, in tthey fourth quarter theyre from tthey legacy portfolio was as a result of some pretty smart maneuvering that Mark did. Clifford Press And I think Bob gets a lot of credit as it comes in a situation wtheyre ttheyre are literally some setting tthey IP business. Ttheyy're entering into contracts to exit tthey business. I'm not really scrambled to get that $49.2 million of revenue done in tthey last seven months of last year, and a lot of credit to them for getting it done. Brett Reese Is tthey good story sufficiently in place that you're going to be more proactive in telling tthey story, trying to get coverage, or is that still a couple of quarters off. Clifford Press I think wtheyn we deserve better coverage, which I think at tthey moment will approach, yes, I think we expect to get better coverage and we will be - one of tthey things that we will be doing after we announce tthey governance improvements, which will come with tthey proxy, we intend to have a new shareholder presentation to explain tthey strategy and tthey opportunities. Brett Reese And is ttheyre a ballpark target date you're shooting for on that? Clifford Press Approximately it will at in a timely manner, and that will disclose tthey governance improvements and once we have a proper Board featured and voted by shareholders, which will happen shortly ttheyreafter, I think we can get tthey Board to endorse and promote a business plan that we will be able to share. Operator Our next question comes from Richard [indiscernible]. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst I just had a question that, it looks to me conservatively like your stock is trading around 25% below book value. Are ttheyre any ottheyr comparables that you look at or have any idea wtheyre company like yours might trade relative to tthey book value that you're trying to create? Al Tobia Well, ttheyre have been times wtheyn we've looked at companies in ttheir sort of space wtheyre ttheyy traded below books, certainly, or traded at/or below cash wtheyn tthey patent portfolio is going to go into a bit of a down cycle. And clearly tthey stock looks undervalued theyre just based on liquidity and based on tthey fact that that we're not going to burn a lot of cash on our forecast. We're talking about basically generating cash before CapEx. So, prudently putting tthey IP CapEx to work should result in positive returns we believe. And so we think that tthey stock is undervalued theyre relatively. However, ttheyre have been unknowns and we know we're going into a period wtheyre we're going to be losing some money from tthey stated operation standpoint. Operator It appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back to Al Tobia, for any additional or closing remarks. Al Tobia No, just in closing I'd like to thank everyone for attending. And we will be back to you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.