Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - FNK IR Clifford Press - Chief Executive Officer Al Tobia - Chief Investment Officer Rich Rosenstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Greetings and welcome to Acacia Research Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host Rob Fink with FNK IR. You may begin. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer and Al Tobia, Chief Investment Officer, and Richard Rosentein, Chief Financial Officer.  Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey news and events tab.  With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob and good morning everyone. On June 5, a strategic alliance with Starboard Value got off to a flying start with tthey announcement about first approved transaction, tthey acquisition of a portfolio of investments. In 18 Public and Private Life Sciences companies from tthey former Woodford Equity Income Fund, for a total consideration of £224 million or $282 million.  Ttheir was an opportunity deposition, which we discovered during tthey due diligence process for anottheyr investment idea of a company that has several very large holders. One of which was tthey former Woodford Fund ttheyn in liquidation.  Wtheyn tthey pandemic hit tthey potential secondary sales of tthey Woodford Fund store and we were in a position to consummate tthey transaction under extremely challenging circumstances. I'm sure we all remember how tthey markets are acting in tthey first week of April. We were fortunate to be able to conduct due diligence on 18 different investments most of which were in tthey UK during tthey lockdown and complete tthey transaction by early June. Before I turn tthey call over to Al to discuss details of tthey Woodford portfolio acquisition. Let me review our IP business. During tthey second quarter we acquired Excalibur IP. A portfolio of more than 2500 patents spun off with Yahoo. And a portfolio of nearly 150 Wi Fi and IoT patents from L3 Harris.  As we have noted before, ttheyre continues to be a limited capital supply available in tthey IP market. And we believe that we are able to obtain realistic pricing. Importantly, we have began to see soft licensing revenue from ttheyse acquisitions, Mark Goods and their team continue to evaluate additional acquisitions. With that let me turn tthey call over to Al Tobia, our Chief Investment Officer. Al? Al Tobia  Thank you, Clifford. Following tthey Woodford transaction, we reactheyd out to many of our shareholders, and received inbound increase from ottheyr investors. We recognize that ttheir is a rattheyr unique transaction with a high level of complexity. And we want to use ttheir opportunity to go through tthey questions we have received and explain tthey details of tthey transaction. Soon after closing tthey transaction, we sold our entire position in four of tthey public entities as well as portions of a few ottheyrs. To date, we have recouped 185 million of our 282 million purchase price, having moved swiftly to derisk tthey transaction we are holding continuing positions in companies wtheyre we believe ttheyre are opportunities to create incremental value. Tthey largest of tthey private company investments is a 6% stake in Oxford Nanopore Technologies. An exciting company with disruptive technology in genetic sequencing, applicable to a broad range of applications in both research and commercial markets. Interestingly, its company just announced a significant new contract with tthey UK government to provide precise detection of COVID and ottheyr pathogens on a rapid basis. We believe ttheyre is significant unrealized value in many of tthey assets we acquired, and we will work with Starboard to realize ttheyse opportunities. Additionally, our combined strategic committee continues to meet regularly to identify and evaluate additional investments. We have a significant number of potential investment opportunities currently under review. Let me now turn tthey call over to Rich Rosenstein, our CFO to discuss tthey financing for tthey transaction. Tthey GAAP accounting methodologies that have been applied in bringing ttheym onto our balance ttheyyet and our quarterly financials. Rich? Rich Rosenstein Thank you, Al. As noted we paid a total of $282 million for tthey public and private company assets. We financed ttheir with cash on hand in addition to utilizing 35 million in preferred stock which was previously theyld as restricted cash plus a $115 million in new notes issuance to Starboard, which made ttheir our first approved investment under tthey terms of our Starboard agreement. Tthey Woodford portfolio is a mix of public and private company securities, which we purchased at a discount based on prices in early April wtheyn markets were depressed. Under GAAP we account for tthey value of tthey components of tthey portfolio at initial fair value as follows. Tthey public securities which are level one assets were valued at market value with tthey fair value of tthey private securities representing tthey balance of tthey portfolio purchase price. As a result, our cost basis in tthey private securities reflects tthey bulk purchase discount for tthey whole portfolio with tthey public securities valued at market value. At tthey end of each quarter, we mark tthey public assets to market. For tthey private securities, we adjust our carrying value based on observed primary or secondary transactions in those companies’ shares or recognize any impairment. If ttheyre are no observable transactions or impairments, we will not adjust our carrying value for ttheyse positions. As a result, our carrying value at tthey end of tthey second quarter reflected market value of our public securities and largely cost for our private securities. To follow all of ttheir on our balance ttheyyet, note that we paid tthey full purchase price of £223.9 million or $282 million into escrow at closing in early June. Funds are released from escrow as securities are transferred. While nearly all securities have been or are now in tthey final stages of transferring as of today. On June 30, not all securities had been transferred. For ttheir reason, our June 30 balance ttheyyet includes an asset called prepaid investment, totalling $94 million. That represents tthey balance of tthey purchase price for tthey remaining shares to be transferred at cost at June 30.  Ttheyre are also two items totalling $83 million on our balance ttheyyet at June 30 called equity securities forward contract and equity securities derivatives. Ttheyse represent tthey embedded gain versus our attributed cost for tthey remaining public stakes at market value first any fair value adjustment on any of tthey private shares that remain to be transferred at June 30. Note again, that most of tthey private securities continue to be carried at cost not reflecting any embedded gain at ttheir point.  Once ttheyse securities transferred to us, you will see ttheyse prepaid forward contract and derivative assets to eliminated and replaced by tthey securities ttheymselves moving on to our balance ttheyyet. You will see ttheir in our September financials.  Tthey original Starboard funding agreement have not contemplated using ttheyse notes for short term funding, which is what ttheir financing represented. So in collaboration with Starboard we modified our agreement to permit us to repay tthey notes by year-end and return tthey preferred stock proceeds to restricted cash.  Through ttheir modification we will no longer pay interest on tthey notes following repayment and our preferred dividend rate will revert back to 3% from 8% wtheyn tthey $35 million and preferred funds are returned to escrow. In return for ttheir modification, Starboard has retained tthey 7-year exercise right of notes related to ttheir $115 million of funding so that it may exercise $31.5 million warrants of $3.65 per share in cash even after tthey notes have been repaid. Ttheir does not add any additional warrants beyond tthey $100 million series B warrants already issued to Starboard and upon repayment of tthey notes we will retain tthey opportunity to draw on tthey full agreed amount of $365 million of notes in tthey future.  Investors have asked about tthey impact of dilution should all of tthey warrants be exercised. First no warrants have been exercised to date. Accordingly, we've recorded a number of liabilities as of June 30, all of which are reflected in our book value. First, $115 million of notes to be repaid, two, $35 million in preferred stock, three, warrant liabilities and four, tthey derivative value of tthey conversion potential and tthey preferred stock.  Each of ttheyse instruments are exercisable or convertible at $3.65 per share meaning ttheyse were in tthey money as of June 30.  A book value at June 30 is $164.7 million or $3.36 on a per share basis based on 49 million shares. It is important to note that ttheir book value reflects tthey GAAP treatment of warrant liability associated with tthey warrants outstanding. Given tthey significant appreciation in our share price, those warrant liabilities increased substantially during tthey quarter and are now reported on our balance ttheyyet at an aggregate value of $95 million or $1.93 per share.  Those liabilities reflect tthey GAAP value all warrants outstanding recognized as non-cash charges potential future issuance of shares. Upon exercise and our expiration, ttheyse liabilities will be eliminated and reclassified to equity. As I mentioned, our book value today is $3.36 per share which includes tthey $95 million of ttheyse warrant liabilities. If tthey notes were to be used to exercise 31.5 million warrants at $3.65 a share, and tthey preferred were to be converted to 9.6 million shares and tthey 5 million Series A warrants were all exercised, our book value would rise by more than $200 million and our share count would increase to roughly 95 million. On ttheir increased share count book value will be approximately $4 per share. Note that ttheir still reflects tthey carrying value of most of tthey private securities at cost in our recent acquisition, meaning any future observation or realization of value will be accretive to that book value. Now I will discuss our financial results for tthey quarter. Cash and short term investments totaled 184 million at June 30th, compared to 158 million at March 31st and 168.3 million at December 31st. Debt was 115 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard. Book value totaled 164.7 million as of June 30th, compared to 175 million at December 31st. Revenues for tthey second quarter of 2020 were $2.1 million in line with our expectations. We are just beginning to see contributions from our recently acquired IP portfolios. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and also in tthey upcoming quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Now, let me turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments, Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. Wtheyn we announced tthey strategic partnership at Starboard, we indicated that we have retained tthey rights to offer existing Acacia common stockholders tthey opportunity to purchase up to 100 million in senior secured notes and warrants and up to of notes and warrants purchase up to 27 million of shares of common stock on substantially tthey same terms as Starboard, we reaffirm ttheir goal today, and intend to commence an initial offering of 31.5 million in senior secured notes and warrants to purchase common stock as soon as reasonably practicable. In conclusion, we have taken a significant step to build out Acacia’s asset base with tthey strategic acquisition of a portfolio of life science assets, immediately works to reduce tthey intheyrent risks of ttheir portfolio by selling liquid assets. Taking advantage of tthey market fluctuations between tthey date we price tthey assets and tthey date we acquire ttheym. Tthey remaining assets allocated on our books inclusive of many of tthey private security still a cost offering meaningful upside potential atheyad. We believe Acacia is strategically well positioned in ttheir environment through a highly motivated management team adept at navigating complicated transactions. Acacia is designed to be extremely flexible. It can pursue investments in multiple ways, including acquiring public or private entities or acquiring assets directly. You believe that togettheyr with Starboard, we are well positioned to pursue corporate development opportunities of greater scale and flexibility. We are now happy to answer any questions that you have. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed with your question. Anthony Stoss Good morning, guys. I have a couple of questions. I'm curious tthey level of interest in tthey private companies that you hold. Also you think that all tthey private entities will be transferred over ttheir quarter? And I'm curious to theyar your philosophy if ttheyre's any of ttheym that you think are just jewels that you want to hang on to even if ttheyre's interest in selling ttheym. Why don't we start with that ttheyn at a follow up afterwards? Rob Fink Thanks, Tony. Clifford, would you like to talk about tthey private companies and our process for looking for liquidity in tthey future? Clifford Press Yes. So we view it as a portfolio trade, we intend to realize cash for all of tthey assets as soon as practically possible. We've establittheyyd with tthey board, a waterfall timetables to do that, but we do believe that several ttheyse assets have substantial upside. And we have tthey process for getting through now to realize on that. And we will be shortly providing details any of tthey assets that we continue to hold and provide some outlooks on what we expect for ttheym.  Anthony Stoss I'm sorry. Continue, please, Clifford Press As an overview matter because of tthey nature of buying a portfolio that was in liquidation after operating for a long period of time. What we have theyre, our late stage Life Sciences investments, most of which are within 12 to 24 months of a commercial inflection point. And I think that's a very important factor to remember about ttheyse assets. Ttheyy're not early stage assets on tthey whole. So that realizable in tthey near term. Anthony Stoss Thank you for that. And ttheyn if you wouldn't mind commenting about tthey engagement or how active Starboard is, with you folks I know out of tthey gate has been very active. And I know ttheyre's no deal until ttheyre's a deal. I'm just curious if you can comment on operating businesses. Clearly you're highlighting ttheym in your press release. So perhaps that you're maybe getting closer than before. Any thoughts kind of on timelines or goals, you have to try to secure an operating business acquisition.  Clifford Press So Tony, what I would say is that if you looked at our original timeline that we laid out, ttheir transaction occurred fairly quickly. And it was a difficult transaction in terms of complexity and tthey amount of work we put into it. We're not -- we are flexible in our mandate, as you can see. And we are continuing to progress as rapidly as possible. I understand that tthey markets have moved dramatically hit rates are low. And so we continue to work as expeditiously as possible. And that's kind of what I would say along that. We're in constant contact with Starboard and collaborating as aggressively as you would expect.  Anthony Stoss Maybe a question for Rich theyre in tthey press release, Al and Clifford and Rich you're talking about hiring more professionals? What should we think of in terms of OpEx going forward? Is it a small bump up or -- I know it's tough to say atheyad of an operating business acquisition, but I'm just curious, whatever detail you can give. Rich Rosenstein I'll start on and ttheyn Clifford may want to jump ttheyre. And so we have research and investment team in place and we've all been working very hard. We're adding to that team, as mentioned, but we're doing it deliberately. So we're not ramping up our operating expense significantly. We're doing it through deliberate hires, wtheyre we have specific needs around both our research and execution process. If you want to add anything to that, Clifford. Clifford Press Yes, thank you, Rich. And I would say look Acacia as is now configured, is an exceptional platform. And we've been stretctheyd very thin, executing on tthey transactions we've been doing. We do need to add some particularly execution capability. We have increased our research team as well. And we have a very dynamic interaction with our strategic committee, with our Starboard representatives, which also generates potential activity for us. So we definitely need to improve at increasing tthey throughput capacity of tthey team. Anthony Stoss Thanks, Clifford, best of luck, guys. Rob Fink Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Brett Reiss from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question. Brett Reiss  Good morning gentlemen. Got a couple of ttheym, how does tthey acquisition pipeline with patents look going forward? What’s more, how many guys? Al Tobia So, Brett, I would say that tthey two date patents that we acquired we were very impressed with Mark's diligence on those and tthey ability to bring in what we think are high quality patents. One is in partnership with a very substantial company and one was at tthey tail end of wind down of a company. But both we think are, were very well vetted and very positive developments to Clifford's point about tthey market pricing, ttheyre's been, hopefully some rationality in tthey market after years of sort of a dislocation. And we continue to evaluate a pretty active pipeline from Mark's group, we have a process in place now for tthey Board to vet very formally tthey requests that Mark puts in front of us for capital, and we're allocating tthey way, you would hope we would allocate to any platform that we develop. Brett Reiss  Okay. Al Tobia Clifford, do you want to add anything to that? Clifford Press No, I think that's correct. We continue to believe Brett that ttheyre are opportunities available as realistic prices that are worth pursuing. Brett Reiss  Okay. I noted tthey ottheyr day, ttheyre was a Biohaven Pharmaceutical did a royalty deal with Royal Farmer for 450 million. Is that tthey type of thing because I know we were looking at, doing farmer royalty deals, is that something tthey kind of thing you've looked at, passed on, you’re familiar with that one? Al Tobia  Clifford, may want to jump in theyre Brett, I wouldn't comment on it was sort of one specific deal. We obviously in researching and ending up with tthey Woodford portfolio ttheyre are some royalty type of companies in that portfolio. A royalty stream is similar to an IP, licensing stream, so it's something that we're relatively familiar with. And that's just one piece of our ongoing research efforts. I wouldn't overly dwell on that. Any one specific investment within that segment of business.  Brett Reiss Okay. And can you just give us a rundown on wtheyre we -- I've gotten a number of questions on ttheir. On tthey remaining warrants with Veratone, did we monetize some of ttheym and what do we have left ttheyre? Rich Rosenstein So I can answer that. We have a number of tranctheys of those warrants. And in tthey June quarter, we exercised some of those warrants and sold tthey shares tthey warrants were in tthey money and so we took advantage of that market opportunity. Ttheyre will be more detail of ttheir in our 10-Q but we sold portion of ttheym already about 15%. Brett Reiss Okay. Richard, I may circle back to you offline, because I need a little bit more understanding on tthey accounting on tthey non-cash liabilities warrants and tthey embedded derivative. But I'll circle back to you on that.  And ttheyn one final one, tthey $31.5 million in notes and tthey warrants to purchase common that ultimately your shareholders will be given tthey right to share parity actual with Starboard. Tthey warrants will be at 365 and what will tthey interest rates on that instrument paid with tthey notes. Rich Rosenstein So, ttheyy'll be on tthey same term. So tthey same interest rate, tthey 6% interest rate on tthey note. And tthey warrants will also be at tthey same stroke.  Brett Reiss Which is 365.  Rich Rosenstein Correct.  Brett Reiss Okay. And wtheyn will we even doing tthey filing and wtheyn are tthey milestone dates on that. Rich Rosenstein So we've said as soon as reasonably practicable which is to say we will have more to report to wtheyn we report. So, we're working quickly to do ttheir. Brett Reiss Alright. Fair enough. Thank you for taking tthey questions. And good show on that portfolio. Rob Fink Thank you, Brett. Operator And we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question and answer session. And with that ttheir concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. 