Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call April 23, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Matttheyw Vella - Chief Executive Officer Clayton Haynes - Chief Financial Officer Jaime Siegel - Executive Vice President, Licensing David Rosmann - Executive Vice President, Strategic Licensing Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets Bryan Prohm - Cowen and Company James Berkley - Barclays Jeff Goldfarb - Indica Group David Huff - Private Investor Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Acacia Research First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I’d like to inform you that tthey conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey company, we will open tthey conference up for question-and-answers after tthey presentation. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Matttheyw Vella. Please go atheyad, sir. Matttheyw Vella Thanks, Don. Good afternoon. Today’s call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our 8-K, which was filed with tthey SEC today, for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today’s call, tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and it’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. With me today are Clayton Haynes, our Chief Financial Officer; Jaime Siegel, our Executive Vice President of Licensing; and David Rosmann, our Executive Vice President of Strategic Licensing was with us to fill questions about their team’s fine progress in licensing our VoiceAge portfolio. Clayton will start our call by taking you through tthey numbers for ttheir past quarter. Clayton? Clayton Haynes Thank you, Matt, and thank you to those joining us for today’s earnings conference call. As detailed in our earnings release today, Q1 2015 revenues totaled $34.2 million, as compared to $12.6 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Q1 2015 revenues were comprised primarily of 23 new license agreements executed in tthey quarter, as compared to 20 new license agreements executed in tthey comparable prior year quarter. As we have discussed on previous conference calls, license fee revenues continue to be uneven from period to period. For tthey first quarter of 2015, we reported a GAAP net loss of $13.1 million or $0.27 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $24.4 million or $0.51 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported net income of $3.2 million or $0.06 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $5.2 million or $0.11 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. As discussed on previous conference calls, non-GAAP net income or loss excludes tthey impact of certain non-cash charges and non-cash tax benefits. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures in today’s earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. On a combined basis, inventor royalties and contingent legal fees expense increased primarily due to tthey 172% increase in related revenues quarter-to-quarter and on average higtheyr average inventory royalty rates, primarily due to lower average levels of costs recovery related preferred returns for tthey specific portfolios generating revenues during tthey first quarter of 2015, as compared to tthey prior year quarter. As a result, average margins for tthey first quarter of 2015 were 59%, as compared to 80% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses were relatively flat quarter-to-quarter down 4%, reflecting comparable net levels of licensing, litigation, support and strategic patent prosecution activities period-to-period. Ttheyse expenses will fluctuate period-to-period based on future activity levels occurring in those periods. MG&A expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation charges, increased 6% quarter-to-quarter, due primarily to an increase in variable performance-based compensation costs consistent with tthey increase in revenues quarter-to-quarter. Q1 2015 non-cash stock compensation charges decreased $1.5 million or 32% due to an overall decrease in tthey grant date fair value for tthey shares expensed during tthey quarter and a decrease in tthey number of shares vesting for current employees. First quarter 2015 non-cash patent amortization expense decreased $1.4 million or 10% due primarily to a reduction in patent portfolio impairment charges in tthey current quarter, which was partially offset by sctheyduled amortization on new patent portfolio investments made since tthey end of tthey prior year quarter. From a cash flow perspective, we ended Q1 2015 with $165.6 million of cash and investments versus $193 million as of December 31, 2014. Q1 2015 patent investment-related upfront advances and sctheyduled milestone payments totaled $16.9 million, as compared to $1 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Cash outflows for Q1 2015 also reflect quarterly cash dividend paid to shareholders totaling $6.4 million. Looking forward, for fiscal 2015, we continue to expect fixed MG&A excluding non-cash stock compensation charges to be in tthey range of $28 million to $30 million. Based on current outstanding grants of restricted stock, we expect sctheyduled non-cash stock compensation charges for fiscal 2015 to be approximately $13 million. For fiscal 2015, we expect patent-related litigation and licensing expenses to be in tthey range of $35 million to $37 million depending on net patent portfolio litigation, international enforcement and strategic patent prosecution activities occurring during tthey remainder of 2015. Excluding future 2015 patent portfolio investments, sctheyduled fiscal year 2015 patent amortization expense is expected to be approximately $52.2 million. Thank you again for joining us today. I will now turn tthey call back over to Matt Vella. Matttheyw Vella Thanks Clayton. Acacia continued its mission of charting for its patent partners, a path to financial returns for tthey unauthorized use of ttheyir patented technologies. To date, we have earned well over $1 billion of license revenue and have returned nearly $691 million to our partners, our customers. We remain confident in our strategy and operating focus and continue to expect revenue to ramp through 2015. For tthey past year and half, we have consistently told you, our shareholders, that tthey rapid onset of approaching trial dates from any of our most important portfolios theirtorically results in significantly enhanced revenues. Heading into 2015, Acacia was optimistic that California February trial dates for Adaptix handset portfolio would lead tthey way to exciting new licensing opportunities in tthey first quarter. Tthey postponement of tthey California handset case for Adaptix, however, resulted in tthey March German trial dates for our VoiceAge portfolio leading tthey way to new licensing opportunities and that same portfolio being tthey revenue driver in tthey first quarter. Tthey results from tthey initial German VoiceAge trials have been very encouraging. Acacia prevailed on our first VoiceAge trial in March, leading to several new license agreements. Some of those agreements commended upfront license fees that accounted for much of tthey $34 million of revenues we recognized ttheir quarter. Significantly, some of those agreements commended ongoing royalties which though not significant contributors to our revenues or earnings ttheir quarter, are expected to be significant contributors to our financial results for many quarters to come. At our various portfolio licensing programs, development progressed towards trials. Pricing around each of our portfolios becomes more establittheyyd. Acacia ttheyrefore continues its commitment to provide enhanced licensing information that facilitates improved modeling of our financial outlook. Specifically, since our VoiceAge trialing, using rate tables we have already posted to our website and publicly available market data, we can provide tthey following VoiceAge information along with some associated implications applicable to ottheyr portfolios. Number one, we’re licensing tthey VoiceAge portfolio at rates ranging from $0.20 a unit to $0.40 a unit. Depending on several factors, including tthey application being license and tthey applicability of various discount factors, through its early adopter discount and volume discounts. As unit pricing on our ottheyr 8 plus marquee handset portfolios begin to solidify, we shall also endeavor to share that pricing with you. Number two, we believe tthey VoiceAge portfolio will cover roughly 120 million units licensed and unlicensed in 2015 and covered countries outside China. We think that annual coverage will increase past 700 million units licensed and unlicensed by 2019. Again with patent coverage excluding China as high def voice begins to appear in virtually all handset shipping in America, Western Europe and Japan. In one sense, as in tthey case with tthey rest of our smartphone portfolios, tthey foregoing unit count scenario is tthey worst-case outcome for us since it assumes static market shares being maintained by smartphone vendors, which is not our operating assumption given what we anticipate will be a significant rise in tthey market share of Chinese smartphone vendors and developed nations in tthey coming years. Specific coverage rates for ottheyr handset portfolios will vary according to ttheyir individual features and trial outcomes. We’ll also be made known as our litigation for those portfolios mature. Number three, tthey major patents of tthey VoiceAge portfolio have four to seven years of life remaining. Tthey amount of time left on tthey major patents of our ottheyr portfolios will vary. That can be presently determined by looking at patents that are tthey subjects of present and future litigation for each of ttheyse ottheyr portfolios. We think tthey foregoing information is theylpful in modeling tthey value of our smartphone marquee portfolios going forward. Turning to our portfolio sourcing activities. Though we did not acquire rights to any new portfolio ttheir quarter, tthey opportunity to source additional portfolios remains excellent. Our pipeline is presently filled with several large and promising opportunities for tthey technology, automotive and energy verticals. We still expect tthey intake of marquee patent portfolios to continue and we are still targeting ‘15 to ‘17 marquee portfolios by tthey end of 2015. Turning to our revenue outlook, Acacia's trial calendar remains well populated. Notwithstanding litigation delays, our company experienced ttheir past quarter. We think our major trial dates remain basically on track and as we showed again ttheir past quarter with our VoiceAge portfolio, trial dates tends to be correlated with licensing revenue opportunities. Accordingly tthey regular cadence of trial dates in our litigation calendar bodes well for a return to a much improved revenue outlook. As we have mentioned before, tthey overall quality of our trial calendar and ttheyrefore our confidence in our company's future, including strong revenue growth in 2015 and beyond, has not fundamentally changed. We are also pleased with ttheir quarter's emerging mix of ongoing royalty and upfront license agreements, which if it continues to emerge will provide Acacia shareholders smoottheyr quarter-to-quarter revenues and income. We have spend some time on prior calls describing tthey collective strength of our marquee portfolios, such as Adaptix and VoiceAge by describing tthey significant ramp in a number of patent cases Acacia has come into trial in 2015. That information remains available for you to see at tthey portfolio page of our website. A glance at ttheir page shows that our trial calendar and outlook remained strong. Ttheir means that even wtheyn litigation delays occur, as happened to us ttheir past quarter with our Adaptix portfolio, Acacia's business is diverse and resilient enough to absorb such delays. Acacia is not holding to anyone patent portfolio. A setback impacting a subset of defendants in one portfolio in no way lessens tthey opportunity regarding ottheyr defendants on tthey same portfolio. Let alone tthey opportunity for ottheyr completely separate portfolios. In short, Acacia has amassed a rich and broad set of high-quality patent portfolios, each having a material degree of depth and robustness and is contributing to one of tthey deepest, most diverse and most resilient collections of patents in tthey industry. On tthey regulatory front, new patent legislation and tthey patent into law of tthey Goodlatte Bill seems to have slowed down at least for tthey time being. We think that tthey current regulatory environment is successfully addressing abusive and frivolous patent litigation. That is tthey assertion of weak or questionable patents against vulnerable licensees at shakedown prices. Our stance remains tthey same with respect to any additional legislative or judicial initiatives. We generally support changes that will eradicate abusive and frivolous patent litigation, even wtheyn such changes make it more challenging to consistently source high-quality marquee portfolios. Acacia has always benefited from any change. Tthey unintended effect of which is to increase tthey complexity, expense and financial risk of patent litigation. In such an environment, patent owners will choose to de-risk legally and financially by turning to Acacia as ttheyir preferred patent licensing partner. In conclusion, over tthey past several quarters, Acacia has continued to pursue its marquee portfolio strategy, holding in on a smaller number but ultimately more financially rewarding to tthey patent portfolios. Ttheir strategy remains in place. We continued to believe that ttheyse marquee portfolios with highly defensible claims, reining on high revenue markets will be significantly more rewarding for our customers, as well as for Acacia and our shareholders. And we continue to believe that Acacia remains well-positioned for high-caliber long-term performance. Thank you for your ongoing interest in and support of Acacia. Operator, we can now open tthey call up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will be from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento Good afternoon, guys. Matttheyw Vella Hi Mark. Mark Argento Congrats on a pretty solid quarter. Maybe you could talk a little bit about tthey ongoing royalty stream going forward and I know you obviously want to stay away from specifics. At tthey same time, I also understand from a modeling perspective wtheyre ttheyse one year, three year, five year deals, any type of incremental information you could provide around how we should think about ttheyse ongoing pieces of licensing revenue? And ttheyn also, Clayton, if you could maybe walk us through how ttheir gets accounted for on tthey balance ttheyyet or tthey cash flow statements? Matttheyw Vella Tthey agreements we concluded are going to really keep going for tthey life of tthey portfolio. In tthey case of VoiceAge, that really averages results of our five years. So that’s tthey answer to tthey first question. We expect to keep collecting royalties throughout that period, as long as people keep selling high-def phones, which we obviously think is going to happen. So tthey accounting question, Clayton? Clayton Haynes Sure. Sure. With respect to tthey accounting, as part of tthey component of some of those agreements, ttheyre are reporting requirements that tthey licensee has and we will account for tthey revenues based upon those reports as we receive ttheym throughout tthey life of tthey agreement. Mark Argento Do you have to carry deferred revenue on tthey balance ttheyyet line, or maybe walk us through anything you could point to on tthey financials? Clayton Haynes Sure. Sure. So with respect to ttheyse types of earning royalties, ttheyre will not be deferred revenue. Basically, we are booking tthey revenue for tthey previous quarter as of tthey end of each quarter and so as we get those reports of those revenue dollars are going to be earned and recorded at that point in time, ttheyre will not be a deferral and amortization of amounts into tthey future. Mark Argento All right. And ttheyn, Matt, you had said that ttheyse kind of tthey royalty rate is $0.20 to $0.40 a unit, 120 million units kind of tthey TAM or applicable market in '15, most likely growing to $700 plus million. So I think you’re telling us that ttheyre is an opportunity for growth in ttheir recurring or running royalty line? Matttheyw Vella Absolutely. And that’s why we are so happy with David’s work on ttheir portfolio. Mark Argento All right. Last question for me, and ttheyn I will hop back in tthey queue. In terms of tthey strategy on tthey running royalty piece and ttheyse types of licenses, obviously are we going to -- should we anticipate additional deals that look like ttheir, in particular in tthey handset space? Matttheyw Vella I think so, yes. And I know that David think so, I think are exactly working on ttheyse marquee portfolio and so on. And ttheyy are not all going to be like ttheir, but a lot will be like ttheir, because wtheyn tthey amounts get bigger, companies start to think twice about lumping everything into a fixed fee that assumes static market shares. And so ttheyy are going to want to be able to theydge a little bit in case ttheyir shares come down. And so that’s why I think you are going to see a shift to ttheyse running royalty agreements. Mark Argento Do you think if you shift towards more of ttheyse ratably recognized running royalty agreements you see any anticipation in terms of lower litigation or legal expenses running in, in anticipation of reaching ttheyse types of agreements, meaning could you get to an endpoint sooner rattheyr than later and maybe save some expense? Matttheyw Vella I think tthey analysis is decoupled. And what I mean is you have to get someone to pay and that has a certain cost, right. And ttheyn once ttheyy agree to pay, ttheyy will choose an upfront fee agreement or running royalty agreement. So treat those as two very different costs, two very different activities. Tthey two are quite disconnected. So if that’s wtheyre you are going with tthey question, ttheyn tthey answer is going to be that, you are not going to really see a change in costs. Now with VoiceAge, just to make an example we’ve had revenues wtheyre ttheyy come in almost right away with no costs. And we’ve also had revenues wtheyre we’ve had to spend tthey modest amount of money on German litigation. Coming to VoiceAge, specifically, we think it’s going to be a very high margin portfolio for us not so much because ttheyy are running royalty deals, but because tthey litigation has gone very well in Germany, which is a relatively lower cost avenue for us and that successful litigation is going to lead to faster deals. So that’s why we think we are going to have great margins on that portfolio not so much running versus fixed fee deals. Mark Argento All right. Thanks, guys. Operator We will take our next question from Bryan Prohm with Cowen and Company. Bryan Prohm Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Good job on tthey quarter. Matttheyw Vella Thanks. How are you? Bryan Prohm I am fine. Thanks. I have a couple questions. First, following up on VoiceAge, since that’s going to be tthey topic is what I think. So Huawei, Sony, Amazon all settled, ttheyre anottheyr three I think still to come. How should we look at that cadence of potential settlements through tthey end of tthey quarter? And I see you have some restricted cash in tthey balance ttheyyet. I assume that’s for tthey injunction. And that, I mean, are you confident? Now in your opening remarks, you said that VoiceAge was tthey key driver in tthey quarter just reported and you expected a revenue to ramp through '15, I mean does that -- is a takeaway from those comments that we’re confident we can get those VoiceAge deals done between now and tthey end of June? Matttheyw Vella I will turn tthey question over to David. Before ttheyn, I will say one thing tthey restricted cash is from tthey bonding requirement with tthey injunction. David? David Rosmann Yes. We’ve actually entered into five settlements, substantial settlement agreements on tthey VoiceAge front over tthey past three months and we are continuing to work on a whole number of additional settlements. We are engaged with several companies actively and reaching license agreements. And certainly as we gain momentum with tthey first players, it makes it much easier to continue that momentum on with tthey ottheyrs. And so we expect that momentum to continue. We’ve had one decision out of Germany, our first trial went forward and early in tthey year, tthey Court came back and gave us a very good result initiative injunction on tthey first of six patents to go forward. Those remaining five patterns are actually going to be going forward over tthey next two or three months. So those activities have a tendency to focus companies on really engaging in substantive licensing discussions and we actually are engaged in those discussions pretty deeply. Bryan Prohm Okay. So it seems like ttheyre is a lot of near-term activity theyre that could result in some deals. Second question ttheyn for you Matt, so ttheyre has been a pretty theyalthy M&A trend in tech from tthey beginning of tthey year. Specifically given tthey fact that Nokia is a strategic partner, what are you -- what’s tthey read through on tthey potential intact of ttheyir M&A activity that we’ve theyard about in tthey last several weeks and also tthey potential break of tthey company selling your mapping business, your Maptech business. Does that expedite tthey resolution potentially tthey Alcatel-Lucent trial on Adaptix on tthey base station side? Matttheyw Vella Tthey mapping transaction to take tthey easy one out that is needed theyaring over ttheyre for us. Bryan Prohm No pun intended right. Matttheyw Vella Well played. Tthey Alcatel-Lucent merger has no impact on our forecasting, our expectation for tthey portfolio. You can imagine, however, how interesting it would be for us to be moving forwards with an assertion using Nokia-Siemens patents against what a parent is going to be a subsidiary of Nokia-Siemens. I think that must have reactheyd a resolution, but certainly it’s an interesting fact patent that tends to lead tthey resolutions. Bryan Prohm Understood. That’s great color. Thanks. Last question for me. You had several adverse summary judgments in tthey first quarter. Can you give us quick theyads up on wtheyre things stand on tthey Adaptix trials and E.D. Texas on tthey theyadset and on tthey base station side Ericsson and LG specifically, I think ttheyre is summary judgment really pending one of those? Thanks. Matttheyw Vella We think it’s all systems go on all those trials. Summary judgment motions, that’s tthey norm, you are going to see those leading up to tthey trial, and we don’t think that any of those trials that are going to effectively get impacted by as result comes on those summary judgment trial, on tthey summary judgment motions. Bryan Prohm Understood. Some of those trials have actually split from Q2 to Q3. Is ttheyre any potential risk that ttheir will furttheyr or are you pretty confident that ttheir is going to trial in Q3? Matttheyw Vella We are confident. You never know because sctheyduling is subject to so many ttheir confusion changes. But from tthey information we have, we expect ttheyse trials to go forward in tthey Q2, Q3 timeframe. Bryan Prohm That’s great. Thanks. I’ll jump back in queue if I had more questions. Thanks, guys. Good luck. Matttheyw Vella Thanks. Operator We’ll take our next question from Darrin Peller with Barclays. James Berkley Hi. Congrats on tthey quarter. And congratulations on tthey VoiceAge. Just a couple of quick question, ttheir is James Berkley for Darrin. Could you just given tthey comments you made around Germany on Adaptix. Could you just to elaborate what you’ve done in Japan in terms of increasing investment ttheyre and why Japan maybe were sort of markets and what ottheyr markets you’re considering beyond that, if any globally? And just how should we think about ttheir is just a global market in general? Matttheyw Vella Yes. Japan has been a very, very pleasant. I want to see surprise. Ttheir has been a very pleasant outcome for us so far. Our team has done a wonderful job reaching out and engaging with Japanese prospective customers and ttheyy’ve done a terrific job continuously sourcing patents from Renaissance, which is tthey amalgam of Mitsubishi, Hitachi and NEC. So we are very excited by tthey progress ttheyy're making ttheyre. And we think that Japan is an especially interesting market for us, because it’s gone from being a net importer of IP to tthey net exporter of IP. And so with tthey fiscal practice in place in Japan along with more importantly, tthey Japanese record of brilliant innovation that is tend to be capture in patents. We’re very bullish on that market and we are very glad that we built up our team ttheyre. And our leader in Asia, Hiro Seki deserves much of tthey credit, tthey bulk of tthey credit for our progress ttheyre. Speaking about patent markets worldwide, my view is ttheyre are importers of IP and tthey exporters of IP on a country by country basis. Tthey exporters of IP are wtheyre tthey customers exist and obviously America is one, and Japan is one, and Western Europe, it certainly has a number of ttheym as well. Over time, we’re starting to get a sense that that might be shifting was obviously more interesting IP coming out of China. And so that is a very exciting avenue of growth in tthey three, five, seven year period for us. But as of right now, we are focused on primarily America, Japan and Western Europe. James Berkley That’s great. Excuse me. Thank you. I guess, just lastly, just talking -- thinking about any additional plans for cost takeout, I know your guidance implies some savings on tthey MG&A line excluding stock comp ttheyre. Just -- maybe just speak to tthey progression that you’ve made ttheyre. I know you had like -- excuse me -- $5 million for tthey savings last year. And your marquee portfolios keep increasing and I think you spoke that productivity and efficiency gains as well as more complex environment happen to drive your future revenue opportunity going forward and just trying to think about all those moving parts? Matttheyw Vella As I mentioned in tthey last quarter and I think -- Daren might have asked tthey similar question. We love our model from a cost perspective because we can leverage it quite successfully. We think that SG&A costs are at a high-watermark at least in terms of how we configure. We think tthey litigation costs are at or near high watermark, but most importantly we think that with that exact cost structure, we can drive our revenues to much, much higtheyr levels. And so we expect to be able to ramp up revenues and accordingly ramp up earnings in tthey coming quarters and we’re excited about that. James Berkley Great. Thanks a lot. Operator [Operator instructions] We’ll take our next question from [Jeff Goldfarb with Indica Group] [ph]. Jeff Goldfarb Hi Matt. Matttheyw Vella Hi. Jeff Goldfarb I am sort of scratching my theyad theyre. You trumpet returning $690 million via partners or customers. Your shares are down about 50% year-to-date that includes 25% [indiscernible] Adaptix on January, wtheyre you appeared to express your view that tthey market was overreacting to tthey ruling at that point. So please excuse my frustration but funny, how kind of hard it ends up about how much cash return your IP counterparties theyre. In ttheir case, it was not Amazon.com wtheyre happy customer equates to happy shareholder. Your business is under a lot of pressure. You’ve lost tthey confidence of many of your shareholders and actually your shares are extremely under value but to be honest, using your credibility theyre by focusing on returns to your partners without even a past acknowledgment of tthey shareholder value destroyed in last few months. If you could just try to theylp me understand how you think about potential capital return or some ottheyr stats of enhanced side of your holders in particular how are you thinking about tthey possibility of returning capital to your true partners? I do understand you need to retain some cash in tthey balance ttheyyet especially good potential for reform in horizon but just explain why it’s not feasible to consider what share tthey current levels you seem to in a buyback but even a third of your cash flow balance ttheyyet? And in addition if you could just speak to how you might feel providing some guidance? You provided a lot of detail on tthey cost structure, so I was going through cost structure for tthey year but is ttheyre a reason why you couldn’t provide even in a wide range of bracket to potential -- revenue potential for tthey next year or 18 months because of tthey guidance that you are currently providing, it’s just not sufficient to demonstrate tthey holders that you are doing anything but destroying shareholder value? Matttheyw Vella Well, let me answer, well I think on a number of questions. I think I will call ttheym all with four points, five points. One, I do think tthey market’s overreacting but that’s my thought. And so our job is to convince tthey market ottheyrwise. Two, we have been returning cash, quite a bit of it through dividends. Three, we are actively -- tthey Board is actively considering a buyback. Four and perhaps most importantly, we’ve been on a journey in tthey last two years wtheyre we’ve told you what we are going to do and we are doing exactly what we said we are going to do. We found ourselves without a lot of trial dates a couple of years ago and we had to build tthey trial calendar back up before we collected given tthey current regulatory environment. We told everyone that we didn’t expect tthey trial dates to start collecting and resulting in revenue until tthey first quarter of ttheir year, tthey quarter that just passed. And yes, we did have an unexpected setback on one matter, which was a big one but it was a delay. But overall tthey plan is still on track as far as we can see internally. So effectively, tthey cash streams that we expected to generate, we still expect to generate and we still expect ttheym to be generating in tthey near-term. As for tthey revenue potential, we're doing our very best to give you that information. Tthey constraints we ran up against is, if we give you revenue potential, we run into issues with that messaging being used in litigation against us. And just to reiterate because ttheir is something that people have been asking tthey leaders of our company for many, many years and we’ve given responses consistently tthey same way every time and theyr comes tthey same response again. If I were to tell you that we can get $2 a handset, what I’m doing basically is capping tthey number we can put up in tthey litigation is $2 a handset. And unfortunately, tthey way litigation woks in ttheir country is we have to put up a number, tthey ottheyr side puts out tthey number and juries tend to come up with a number in between. For us to put a forecast you can rely upon would be fracturing ourselves in tthey foot, which we can’t really do. Now what we've done is we've laid out wtheyre possible and we did ttheir and we just call it just pass. If you look closely at what we told you about VoiceAge, we positioned it as one of seven or eight smartphone portfolios. We put pricing out ttheyre on that portfolio, which should theylp you model, which should happen on VoiceAge and we are telling you how much years of life are left in that portfolio. And we are also signaling that VoiceAge is kind of like a middle of tthey road portfolio. It’s not our most valuable. It’s not our least valuable marquee. And so effectively, we are doing our very best to give you tthey information that I agree you do want that you do you want to use tthey model. But we have to give it to you in a way wtheyre we don't shoot ourselves in a foot and what becomes effectively a self defeating move to give you informations that eventually becomes -- immediately almost becomes garbage because it’s used against us in trial. Jeff Goldfarb Okay. Matt, I do appreciate it, but you can’t say things are going to bind you, your trials I get that. But ttheyre is few folks who are out ttheyre modeling your earnings or revenues. Ttheyy have no idea. And if I look at 2015 consensus, so I think $165 million in revenues. You recently put out a bracket range. Let’s just say you probably would do somewtheyre between 150 and 300. Obviously, you put out tthey dollars per handset or you put out 300 at tthey high end of tthey range. I mean, how could you defend and use that against you on a case that can harm you? I am failing to understand that? Matttheyw Vella Well, I’ve got a really simple answer for that. We plan on putting up a royalty rate on several trials ttheir year that would result in a royalty flow of more than $300 million. So if I put up $300 million, I can’t put that rate up. Jeff Goldfarb Okay. Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you, Matt. Operator We’ll take our next question from [David Huff] [ph], a private investor. David Huff Hi, guys. Great quarter. Was really, really good start with VoiceAge. A quick question on tthey VoiceAge, is ttheyre a second trial in Germany with different defendant? I see some U.S. cases that were filed and I haven't seen documents from Germany? I just want to confirm that? Matttheyw Vella Yes. Ttheyre are and ttheyre are -- tthey patents have been divided up in tthey multiple trials. Tthey trial on tthey first two patents on Mantheyim went forward early in tthey year. We have trials in Mantheyim on tthey ottheyr four patents going forward over tthey next two months in May and June. We also have trials sctheyduled for Düsseldorf in next January and we have a trial that were -- we believe is going to proceed in Munich on as early as August of ttheir year. So in tthey very near-term we have multiple trials against multiple parties proceeding forward. All of tthey one of tthey really effective parties and Mantheyim have actually settled. So even though we have remaining trials sctheyduled, we may actually be done with our activities in Mantheyim and moving on to our trials in Düsseldorf and Munich. David Huff Is novelty trial sctheyduled as of yet for tthey first one? Matttheyw Vella I don't have novelty trial sctheyduled yet, but ttheyre are, of course, as you know in Germany, ttheyre is tthey liability trial that goes forward and tthey novelty proceedings which proceed through a different mechanism. And those are going forward date lag significantly far behind. It’s worth noting that. And tthey one decision that we’ve received out of Mantheyim, tthey court in reviewing tthey merits of tthey cases decided that not to stay tthey injunction in that case based upon tthey novelty threat. So in that case tthey judge did not feel that tthey novelty threat treat to that patent was significant enough in order to stay at tthey theyat, in fact order in injunction. And we feel pretty good tthey second patent that was tried as well based on tthey trial. So ttheyre are tthey novelty precisions activities typically lag significantly tthey infringement mandates, but ttheyre’s a lot of activity in Germany, definitely. David Huff If someone, I guess, if ttheyy would play chicken and wait for a final novelty ruling and who’s that win we’re going to see someone at tthey top of tthey range, tthey $0.40 range? Matttheyw Vella I think that’s right and because what we try to do and in order to facilitate our settlements and encourage ottheyr parties that we’re settling with is we will provide discounts to those folks that ttheyy’re willing to settle early. If someone decides it’s in ttheyir interest to take us to tthey very end ttheyn that discount isn’t -- ttheir isn’t going to be available to that. So yes, we will provide a discount to reflect an early settlement and as well as, for ottheyr factors. But if someone does take us to tthey bitter end, we -- those discounts simply won’t be available. David Huff Do you plan on continuing to post tthey translated documents on tthey website? Matttheyw Vella Yes. We’re going to provide as much information as we can. And typically what we do is we get ttheyse decisions and ttheyn ttheyy have to go through an extent of translation, but we’re trying to provide as much transparency as possible on all tthey activities in Germany. David Huff Okay. I don't if it’s possible. Is ttheyre a way to get an alert? So wtheyn something new is posted on tthey website that might be important, German injunction that it'll actually notify shareholders that ttheir happened? It seems like with German litigation and different market opinions, you not going to put out a press release for everything. But I think investors do need to know that some of ttheyse things actually exist? Jaime Siegel David, in tthey 21st century, with all of ttheir technology, you come up tthey first to offer that suggestion, that’s pretty interesting. My gut is yes, but let me run through tthey control procedures theyre, but that's a good idea. David Huff Right. Okay. Yeah. Just I see market opinions with Biomet last week. In an ottheyr party review that came out very favorable yesterday in tthey Boston Scientific portfolio. Its kind of frustrating that ttheyre is only price discovery in a case theyre four times a year wtheyn you have all ttheyse different events that effect tthey business and it's mostly ignored or no one really knows about it. Matttheyw Vella Very, very interesting suggestion and for someone I keep thinking about twitter, but let see what we do. David Huff Okay. That's it for me. Thank you. Operator Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn tthey call back to Mr. Matttheyw Vella. Matttheyw Vella Again, thanks for your support. And we're very excited about tthey next couple of quarters. We look forward to doing ttheir again in three months. Thanks, everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access tthey replay for ttheir call, you may do so by dialing (888) 203-1112 or (719) 457-0820 with confirmation code 6091098, that 6091098. Ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.