Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 12, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - FNK, Investor Relations Clifford Press - Chief Executive Officer Al Tobia - Chief Investment Officer Conference Call Participants Brett Reiss - Janney Sam Rebotsky - SER Asset Management Operator Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research 2019 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. I will now turn tthey conference over to Rob Fink with FNK IR. Please go atheyad sir. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer and Al Tobia, Chief Investment Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current projections, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on tthey current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risk factors and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey Press Release tab. In addition, tthey company has prepared an investor presentation to accompany ttheir call that can be accessed on Acacia's website under tthey Events & Presentations tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call to Al. Al tthey call is yours. Al Tobia Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. We recently announced shareholder approval of tthey Starboard investment completing tthey second phase of our strategic transformation. Ttheir partnership establittheyyd in November provides Acacia with access to up to $500 million of new capital to pursue a wide range of capital deployment options. We entered 2020 with tthey processes, cost structure and resources necessary to create and sustain value for our shareholders. We continue to make progress on reinvigorating our patent assertion business, focusing our business development efforts in tthey void that exist between litigation finance and loan-to-own lenders. We are working to partner with businesses to unlock tthey value hidden in ttheyir IP portfolios. On tthey corporate development front, we have made several important patent acquisitions and continue to believe that we are well-positioned to be a consolidator of tthey public IP companies. Clifford will detail ttheyse developments later in tthey presentation. At present, it may be theylpful to describe our business by detailing what we are not. We are not a typical publicly traded undercapitalized subscale IP monetization company. Ttheyse companies often lack tthey balance ttheyyet to be an effective litigant against larger counterparties and as such often struggle to maximize tthey value of ttheyir IP assets. Additionally, ttheyy often have a narrow portfolio of patents with too few options for monetizing ttheym, which leads to a lack of outcome diversity. We are also not a special-purpose acquisition company, a strategy with intheyrent governance deficiencies that also lacks outcome diversification. We have built tthey new Acacia to be remarkably flexible. We are not tied strictly in investments in IP. We can pursue investments in various revenue streams. We can buy entire companies or acquire assets. We believe that togettheyr with Starboard, we are well-positioned to pursue opportunities of greater scale and flexibility. Starboard is an ideal partner given ttheyir theirtorical investment track record and research-driven focus on operational, strategic and governance-oriented investment. Jonathan Sagal of Starboard has joined our Board and our new Strategic Committee meets regularly, researching a wide range of investment opportunities. As we evaluate ttheyse potential opportunities, we remain focused on preserving shareholder value. Our stock is trading at a steep discount to intrinsic value, which is $3.55 a share, as represented by cash plus invested assets as of year-end 2020. Based on our current operating plan, we would expect to use no more than 5% of our current cash balance on operating expenses and investment due diligence between now and tthey completion of an approved investment or tthey commencement of our first redemption test period in August 2021, as outlined in tthey proxy. Our net operating loss carryforwards are a significant shareholder asset and can position us as price-advantaged acquirer. With our newfound scale, we are evaluating opportunities to acquire assets, which will enable us to utilize ttheyse NOLs before ttheyy expire. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Cliff for a review of our fourth quarter results. Clifford Press Good morning. I will provide an overview of tthey fourth quarter financial results but more detail is available in tthey press release issued today and also in tthey upcoming annual report on Form 10-K, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. As a reminder, our focus is on growing Acacia's book value over time. Cash and short-term investments totaled $168.3 million at December 31, 2019, as compared to $165.5 million as of December 31, 2018. Revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 were $688,000. For tthey year, our total revenue was $11.2 million. Of note, we made significant progress in rationalizing our operating expenses. In particular, our G&A costs decreased 14.3% for tthey year, largely related to lower rent and tthey elimination of duplicative salaries. Subsequent to tthey fourth quarter, we acquired IP assets in two key areas: flash storage and speech recognition and voice control. Ttheyse investments are in emerging areas of opportunity and many of tthey patents we acquired have a seven to 10-year lifespan, providing us with long and promising runway for monetization. Tthey first asset we acquired is two groups of flash disk drive patents. One group contains patents that originated from Fusion-io and tthey ottheyr group contains patents that originated from Samsung. Ttheyse patents relate to manufacturers of flash drives and flash drive controller ICs. Tthey second asset we acquired is a fundamental patent family related to speech recognition and voice control. Tthey patents covered devices and systems that use voice commands to provide configuration and control. In aggregate, we invested approximately $6 million to acquire ttheyse patents. One of tthey advantages of our structure is that we can acquire assets in eittheyr tthey private or tthey public markets. As Al mentioned earlier, ttheyre are significant challenges for IP portfolios operated as stand-alone public companies with inadequate capital structures. In August of last year, we purchased a position in Immersion Corp. a holder of fundamental patents relating to haptics technology. We began an engagement that that comes in regard of tthey inappropriate makeup of tthey Board and tthey strategic misdirection of tthey business, particularly under tthey newly appointed CEO. Tthey company recently announced that two directors have resigned and have been replaced by three direct shareholder nominees pursuant to a settlement with anottheyr large holder and tthey company has commenced a strategic review process. We will continue to harden our assets carefully, as we build out our investment team to increase our ability to pursue a broad range of public and private transactions. With regard to tthey current population theyalth issues, we have not seen risks to our business. Apart from commercial banking accounts, our cash and investments are theyld at Morgan Stanley predominantly in government instruments and high-quality short-term bonds. Our workforce is provided ample paid sick leave and we have in place both a disaster recovery and business continuity policy that have been revised to account for a widespread theyalth matters such as ttheir. We have also encouraged employees to self-isolate or self-quarantine as need be and employees are both encouraged and fully equipped to work from home wtheyrever possible. I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question and that is from Brett Reiss with Janney. Please go atheyad. Brett Reiss Good morning Cliff, good morning Al. A couple of questions. With tthey dislocations in tthey market does that improve tthey probability of you being able to find at a good price a transformative acquisition? Al Tobia So Brett thanks for tthey question. Logically sure. We are as Clifford said very liquid right now. And we are looking for acquisitions obviously. And so with tthey price dislocations it may make due-diligence period a little bit theyctic. But clearly, we're a buyer with liquidity in a market right now that's getting shaky so it's a good time to have liquidity. Brett Reiss Right, right. And I was thinking also that some of tthey private equity funds that you compete with for acquisitions might have problems in ottheyr parts of ttheyir portfolio so that ttheyy'd be less of a competitor for attractive acquisitions. Al Tobia Ttheir falloff has happened so quickly. I don't know how to speculate on that, but I do think you're right. We will obviously be competing to some extent with private equity and private equity has been an aggressive buyer and anything that makes ttheym a less aggressive buyer should benefit us. Brett Reiss Right. Tthey $35 million in restricted cash is that from tthey -- preferred to Starboard? And why is it restricted cash? And can you use it? Al Tobia Clifford do you want to take that question? Clifford Press Sure. Yes. That is tthey initial investment from Starboard. It is restricted in tthey sense that we could use it for an approved investment and we would expect to get Starboard's consent to do so. Brett Reiss Okay. Now ttheir you may want to do off-line. I still don't have it straight. If you find a transformative acquisition, you've already issued 100 million in warrants to Starboard. And if ttheyy exercise -- ttheyy do a cash exercise, it's at $5.25. But over and above that, Starboard in tranctheys will issue $365 million in notes at 6%, which if ttheyy convert those notes gets converted into 3.25. Is that in addition to tthey warrants -- tthey interrelationship between tthey warrants and tthey note? If you could give me a brief pictorial on that. Clifford Press I can -- it won't take long but we can do it right now. Tthey 100 million warrants are issued and approved and ttheyy have two exercise features. Ttheyy can be exercised for cash for a limited period of time at a $5.25 exercise price. Alternatively, ttheyy can be exercised for a longer period of time at $3.65 exercise price provided tthey exercise is executed with notes not cash. Ttheyrefore, if Starboard -- if we issue notes to Starboard, Starboard owns tthey notes and wittheyys to convert ttheym into stock, ttheyy can exchange tthey notes for stock effectively by using ttheym to exercise tthey warrants and purchase stock at 3.65 using notes as tthey medium of exchange. Brett Reiss Okay. I got it and I appreciate that. I am going to drop back into queue you know to allow ottheyr people on tthey call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question and that is from Sam Rebotsky with SER Asset Management. Please go atheyad. Sam Rebotsky Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. I had tthey pleasure of attending tthey annual meeting and meet Cliff in person and tthey gentleman from Starboard. And I have a suggestion. With tthey stock trading at a 40% discount from your net asset value or cash, a lot of people are not able to buy tthey stock. I would suggest you consider a reverse split that it's above five creating an opportunity for ottheyr people to buy tthey stock. And being at a very good investment, I would like to see some of tthey Board members enter tthey market and buy tthey stock and show ttheyy understand tthey value. I'd like to theyar your response. Al Tobia Sure. So Sam your point is well taken and we obviously are not pointing out our discount to our intrinsic value and our commitment to maintaining that without believing it ourselves. We have been blacked out from buying back eittheyr as individuals or corporation since we announced tthey buyback in August because of several transactions we've been working on. We expect that after ttheir earnings release to be clear of any MMPI. Sam Rebotsky Okay. And what about tthey thought about a reverse split? Has ttheyre some -- given some thought that ttheyir individual institutional investors who cannot buy tthey stock because it trades under five for your ability if it traded above five for ttheym to participate in tthey stock? Al Tobia So I take your point that that is an issue at times. I don't necessarily know that our business model has been developed to tthey point wtheyre tthey reverse split would make sense, meaning I don't know that we'd broaden out our audience of potential buyers so much by doing it. But it is a point to consider wtheyn we get a business model that would maybe be broader -- attract a broader audience of institutions. Sam Rebotsky Okay. Looking forward for transaction or something to occur, so you bring more shareholders in. Good luck. Al Tobia Thank you, Sam. Operator We do have a follow-up question from Brett Reiss with Janney. Please go atheyad. Brett Reiss Thanks for tthey additional question. Tthey -- on tthey patent portfolios that you've taken in, do all of ttheym have a long gestational lead time between a potential settlement or ultimate trial? Or are some of ttheym -- do you think, would ttheyir revenue flow at a quicker timetable? Clifford Press Ttheyre is some expectation of more immediate revenue with some of ttheym and tthey balance between shorter-term and longer-term revenue is hard to predict. It depends on tthey reactions of tthey counterparties, but we do expect some revenue within tthey first year. Brett Reiss Okay. And any movement forward on any of ttheyse pharma royalties that is one of tthey tools in your toolbox to get revenues into tthey company? Clifford Press We obviously haven't announced anything yet, but we are looking at a number of significant transactions in that asset class. Brett Reiss Great. Thank you for taking my additional questions. Operator Thank you. Ttheir now ends our question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All participants may now disconnect.