Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 1, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Rob Stewart - President Clayton Haynes - CFO Ed Treska - Head of Licensing & General Counsel Analysts Operator Good afternoon and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research 2018 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Rob Stewart. Please go atheyad, sir. Rob Stewart Welcome and thank you for joining today's first quarter 2018 shareholder conference call. I am Rob Stewart, President of Acacia Research. With me ttheir afternoon are Clayton Haynes, our CFO; and Ed Treska, our Head of Licensing and General Counsel. Today, Clayton, will review our financial performance, and Ed, will review tthey status of some of our current licensing and enforcement program. I will ttheyn provide a business update for Acacia. First, our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statement. Please refer to our earnings release filed with tthey SEC today as an exhibit to our 8-K on our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call, tthey terms we, us, and our refer to Acacia Research Corporation and it's wholly and majority-owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights, acquisitions, development, licensing, and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's fully and majority owned operating subsidiaries. I will now turn tthey call over to Clayton Haynes for tthey financial review. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Rob, and thank you to those joining us for today's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Today, I will provide a summary of tthey first quarter 2018 results, and update of our current financial condition, and a recap of our 2018 expense outlook. As reported today, first quarter 2018 revenues increased to $62.1 million compared to $8.9 million of revenues in tthey comparable prior-year quarter. In tthey first quarter of 2018, one licensee individually accounted for 96% of revenues recognized. In tthey first quarter of 2017, two different licensees individually accounted for 73% and 12% of revenues recognized. For tthey first quarter of 2018, we reported a GAAP net loss of $32 million or $0.63 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $11.8 million or $0.24 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding general and administrative non-cash stock compensation and patent amortization charges, we reported a first quarter 2018 non-GAAP net loss of $26 million or $0.51 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $4.2 million or $0.08 per share for tthey first quarter of 2017. Excluding tthey impact of tthey change in fair value of our equity investment in Veritone, non-GAAP net income for tthey first quarter of 2018 was $15.1 million or $0.30 per diluted share. Tthey GAAP and non-GAAP first quarter 2018 results included an unrealized investment loss totaling $41.1 million comprised of an unrealized loss related to tthey application of tthey fair value method of accounting to our equity investment in Veritone and tthey requirement to mark our Veritone investment to market each period. Tthey unrealized loss resulted from tthey net decrease in Veritone's NASDAQ quoted stock price during tthey three months ended March 31, 2018. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. First quarter 2018 inventor royalties expense totaled $21.7 million as compared to $666,000 in tthey comparable prior year quarter, primarily due to tthey significant increase in revenues quarter-to-quarter. First quarter 2018 contingent legal fees expense totaled $15.8 million as compared to $627,000 in tthey comparable prior year quarter, primarily due to tthey same increase in revenues quarter-to-quarter. First quarter 2018 operating expenses also included $4 million in ottheyr direct cost of revenue. Average margins for tthey first quarter of 2018 were 33% as compared to 85% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Tthey first quarter 2017 margin reflects higtheyr levels of upfront cost recovery related preferred return for tthey licensing programs generating revenues in tthey first quarter of 2017. First quarter 2018 litigation and licensing expenses decreased 57% to $2.7 million compared to $6.4 million in tthey prior year quarter due primarily to a net decrease in litigation support and third-party technical consulting expenses associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs and an overall decrease in portfolio-related enforcement activities. First quarter 2018 general and administrative expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation expense, decreased 8% to $4.4 compared to $4.8 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter, due primarily to a reduction in personnel costs in connection with theyadcount reductions in 2017, and a decrease in corporate, general, and administrative costs.  Non-cash stock compensation expense decreased due to a decrease in expense for market-based performance stock options, expensed on an accelerated basis in tthey first quarter of 2017, and a decrease in tthey fair value of our Veritone related profit interest units consistent with a decrease in fair value of tthey underlying Veritone warrant during tthey first quarter of 2018. Profits interest related non-cash stock compensation expense is adjusted each reporting period for changes in estimated fair value, which is primarily based on tthey quoted market price of Veritone common stock. Cash and short-term investments totaled $179.6 million as of March 31, 2018, versus $136.6 million as of December 31, 2017. Working capital totaled $139.2 million as of March 31, 2018, versus $130.1 million as of December 31, 2017. Tthey change in cash and short-term investments during tthey first quarter of 2018 was primarily comprised of cash inflows from operations of $50 million and our February 2018 additional investment in Miso Robotics Series B financing totaling $6 million. From a working capital standpoint, inventor royalty and contingent legal fee obligations totaling $39.9 million related to Q1 2018 revenues are generally payable during tthey second quarter of 2018. As of tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2018, our net operating loss carryforwards totaled approximately $172 million and foreign tax credits available for use in future periods totaled approximately $52 million. Turning to a brief recap of our fiscal 2018 expense outlook. We expect our 2018 fixed SG&A expense excluding non-cash charges and certain variable expenses to be in tthey range of $8.5 million to $9 million. We expect 2018 sctheyduled non-cash patent amortization expense to be approximately $20.5 million. We expect 2018 non-cash stock compensation expense based on currently outstanding equity grants to be approximately $2.7 million. Ttheir estimate excludes stock compensation expense for our Veritone-related profits interest which will fluctuate based on movements in Veritone stock price during 2018. Ttheir concludes our summary of tthey first quarter 2018 results. I will now turn tthey call over to Ed Treska. Ed Treska Thank you, Clayton. Today I will provide brief updates for litigation activity in Acacia's CCE, Saint Lawrence, and Limestone subsidiaries. Overall since our last report on February 13, ttheyre have been limited changes to tthey pending cases we are reporting on today. Starting with CCE, trials for HTC and ZTE are still on track to begin on September 17, 2018. A second trial against tthey same two defendants is sctheyduled for February 2019. An important theyaring for tthey upcoming September trial addressing multiple summary judgment motions from all parties will be theyard on May 17th at tthey District Court in Texas. Tthey results from tthey May 17th theyaring will shape many of tthey disputed issues at tthey September trial. In addition tthey District Court in Texas listed a stay in a third set of cases against HTC and ZTE after tthey patent trial and Appeal Board uptheyld tthey validity of tthey primary patent in those cases. For our Saint Lawrence subsidiary, and following tthey resolution of tthey cases with Apple, we continue to press forward with our remaining cases against Motorola. In tthey U.S., we are still awaiting final ruling on post judgment motions filed with tthey Trial Court including Saint Lawrence's motion to recover its attorney fees. In Germany, we recently prevailed against tthey validity challenge to one of our primary patents which will allow us to continue tthey proceedings on that patent as we seek to recover infringement damages from Motorola. With respect to Limestone Memory Systems, and as we announced during our last earnings call, tthey cases are proceeding against defendants with four patents in suit. We are still at tthey early stages of ttheir litigation with tthey Markman theyaring date sctheyduled for fall of 2019 and tthey trial sctheyduled in early 2020. We will continue to update you on furttheyr developments in tthey cases just mentioned as well as significant litigation activity depending with ottheyr cases subsidiaries. Thank you and I'll turn tthey call back over to Rob. Rob Stewart Thank you, Clayton, and Ed. As Clayton mentioned, in Q1 of 2018, our team at Acacia generated licensing revenue of $62 million which ranks as one of tthey higtheyst revenue generating quarters in tthey company's theirtory. We are pleased with ttheir results and our license success in tthey quarter. Acacia remains committed to investing in and monetizing our quality patent assets for tthey benefit of our shareholders and our IT partners. As stated during our previous earnings calls, our goal is not to manage tthey financial results for tthey company on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but rattheyr to maximize tthey value of our assets and build long-term shareholder value. We want to remind shareholders that due to tthey nature of patent licensing, our revenues may vary significantly quarter-to-quarter. As many of you know several years ago our board and management team recognized developing theyadwinds in tthey IP license environment. It was important to address ttheyse challenges without jeopardizing our ability to continue to prosecute our IP and generate licensing revenue. Tthey theyadwinds in patent licensing business have not subsided. Just last week, tthey Supreme Court ruled that IPRs are constitutional and ttheyy continue to be used to invalidate patents. IPRs or Inter Partes reviews can result in tthey loss of previously establittheyyd patent rights or can lead to significant delays and infringement litigation. Tthey continuing threat of IPR proceedings undoubtedly increases tthey cost, risk, and complexity of infringement action. Tthey growing challenges in tthey IP licensing resulted in a strategic and focus response from our board and management to drive efficiencies in our IP business. Since early 2016, we have reduced our fixed G&A related expense run rate by over 50% and reduced our theyadcount by more than 70%. We have also reduced our legal costs both as a percentage of revenue and in absolute terms. At tthey same time, we have intensified our focus on maximizing tthey value of our existing IP assets and opportunities. As a result, during tthey same period, Acacia generated more than $280 million in licensing revenue. Earlier ttheir year, tthey board formed a strategic review committee in an ongoing effort to identify, evaluate, and implement potential strategic opportunities. Tthey board has also added new directors with extensive financial and technology investment experience, as we seek to capitalize on opportunities to increase shareholder value. For example, Acacia recently added Paul Falzone to tthey board. Mr. Falzone has decades of technology, operating, and investing experience. Tthey board had vetted Paul for over a year and we're pleased they finally accepted tthey invitation to join tthey board. We also recently added Joe Davis a respected and experienced financial executive, auditor, and financial expert. Business transformations are challenging and complex. However our management team and board are committed to Acacia to build long-term shareholder value. We continue to be excited about our investments in Veritone and Miso. On our last earnings call, we mentioned that Miso was planning to debut its first commercial version of Flippy, Miso's autonomous robotic kitctheyn assistant. Tthey team at Miso has made significant progress and I'm pleased to share that Flippy has received all necessary regulatory approvals to begin cooking for tthey public, CaliBurger's Pasadena location ttheir week. Ttheir is a great milestone and accomplishment for Miso. Real-world success with a robotic operating platform establittheyys a firm footing for ongoing discussions with significant restaurant groups, retailers, food service companies that can utilize Miso's AI and robotics solutions. Recently, we received some questions from our shareholders which stem from tthey current proxy contest and inaccurate allegations asserted by two small funds. I wanted to take a moment to clarify certain statements and mention a few ottheyr important facts. As detailed in tthey company's preliminary proxy statement, our compensation practices have evolved over several years in response to both institutional shareholder input and our own restructuring initiatives. For example, to align our management with shareholder interests, in 2016, we discontinued tthey company's prior practice of granting restricted stock awards that vested merely upon tthey passage of time. With tthey assistance of an independent compensation consultant, tthey board instituted and more shareholder friendly equity compensation structure with concentration on performance-based option grants. In fact, a large block of tthey equity incentive options theyld by management and tthey Executive Chairman have a strike price of $5.75 and do not fully vest until Acacia reactheys prices between $8 and $10 a share prior to August 1st, 2020. With our compensation consultant's assistance, tthey board also develop programs that tied our executive compensation directly to tthey returns earned on Acacia's investment. In effort to create a structure that is similar to how we incentivize our team based on tthey performance of our patent portfolios, our consultant recommended a profit interest structure. For Veritone, ttheir profit interest approach aligns compensation of those participating with tthey returns earned by Acacia and our shareholders on Veritone. It is important to note that tthey profit interest plan does not include any Acacia-owned Veritone common shares, but rattheyr involves a portion of Acacia's Veritone warrants. Performance-based compensation is a continuing goal of tthey board and we thank our shareholders for appreciating that and improving our executive compensation arrangements during last year's Arthurual Meeting with more than 97% voting in favor of ttheir approach. Tthey two fund investors now seek to replace two of our board members at ttheir year's upcoming Arthurual Meeting. We are always open to suggestions for improving tthey business and we recently met with one of tthey representatives. Frankly, we are disappointed that ttheyy were unable to provide any insight into our patent licensing business or any thoughts on future plans or strategies for Acacia. We're also surprised to learn through ttheyir SEC filings that one of tthey funds principles was short our stock over two years and was personally short Acacia shares while tthey fund was buying Acacia's stock. Ttheir short position was not closed out until days before nominating representatives for Acacia's board. We feel it is more prudent to take a longer view. Our Executive Chairman, Mr. Graziadio, for example, along with their family trust have invested more than $5 million in open market purchases of Acacia's stock. Ttheir represents more shares of Acacia stock than its own by eittheyr BLR Partners or Sidus, tthey two companies who are seeking to add representatives to Acacia's board. Additionally, Mr. Walsh tthey ottheyr board member after reelection has also purchased nearly $2 million of Acacia stock. Tthey stock purchases of Mr. Graziadio and Mr. Walsh reflect ttheyir commitment to Acacia and positive long-term view. Tthey IP licensing business has been difficult for everyone and we are well aware of our stock price decline and that of our competitors. We are working with outstanding external advisors to refine our strategy and analyze various opportunities. We anticipate sharing more news with you in tthey future about our efforts to create substantial value for shareholders. We welcome many shareholder feedback as we pursue ttheyse opportunities and look forward to speaking with you over tthey coming weeks prior to our Arthurual Shareholders Meeting. We had discussions with many of you over tthey past several months and we value your opinion and tthey opportunity to communicate and discuss our business or any concerns you may have. As always if anyone has any questions please do not theysitate to call Clayton or me. Thank you very much for joining us on today’s call. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A Ladies and gentlemen ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.