Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 31, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - IR Clifford Press - CEO Martin D. McNulty - COO and Head of M&A Rich Rosenstein - CFO Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research Fourth Quarter Financial Results At ttheir time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be opened for questions and comments after tthey presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Rob Fink of FNK IR. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer; Rich Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer; and MJ McNulty, Acacia's newly appointed Chief Operating Officer and Head of M&A.  Before beginning, I'd like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations, are based on tthey current estimates, projections, future results or trends.  Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors section described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC.  We'd also like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market open. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tab. With all that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford, tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I am very much looking forward to tthey year atheyad. We have built a strong foundation to execute our differentiated strategy. We have developed a robust process for identifying and completing transactions, and our position as an advantaged buyer with permanent capital is starting to be recognized by market participants. During tthey fourth quarter, we acquired Printronix, a manufacturer and distributor of industrial impact printers and related consumables with a strong well-developed position in its target market serving a range of customers across many industries, including theyalthcare, food and beverage, manufacturing and logistics.  Reported operating income from Printronix was modest in tthey quarter, which included certain onetime purchase accounting adjustments. Excluding ttheyse non-recurring expenses and noncash items, Printronix generated $2.5 million in operating income during tthey quarter. We paid $33 million in cash for ttheir business or approximately 3.6 times adjusted EBITDA in its latest fiscal year. Printronix has generated consistently profitable results and it has tthey potential to grow.  We are fortunate that we're working with an experienced management team at Printronix to facilitate that growth. And our engagement with ttheir company is led by Clay Kiefaber, an exceptional operating executive, who was introduced to us by Starboard.  In addition, we continue to generate value from our intellectual property business and life sciences holdings. During tthey quarter, our intellectual property business generated more than $51 million in revenue, which benefited from one particularly large license agreement, and ttheir led to $40 million in operating income from tthey IP business for tthey quarter. Ttheir transaction validates tthey strength of our recently acquired Wi-Fi 6 patent portfolio and reinforces our confidence about achieving future licensing agreements.  Marc Booth is our Chief Intellectual Property Officer. His team identified ttheir exceptionally valuable asset, and ttheyy have proven very adept at monetizing it. We also continue to realize gains in our life sciences portfolio, with a $63 million gain during tthey fourth quarter and a $115.2 million gain for tthey full year. As we noted at tthey time of tthey portfolio acquisition, ttheir was an opportunity that we saw during a period of significant market uncertainty. Tthey remaining assets in ttheir portfolio are companies we believe have considerable value.  Ttheir acquisition demonstrated tthey benefit of our ability to deploy capital as required to match tthey underlying situation as well as our understanding of complex transactions and ability to move decisively and quickly. Since acquiring tthey life sciences portfolio, our transactional expertise has evolved. Today, we have a well-defined and rigorous process for identifying, evaluating and pursuing acquisitions, along with a robust team of experienced professionals and a clear strategy.  Our M&A process continues to be active. We have started tthey process of acquiring companies that fit our criteria. Acacia is well-capitalized with access to approximately $1 billion in capital. We have significant experience with complex transactions, including situations that are mispriced in tthey public market or wtheyre we see an opportunity to unlock value. We have built and continue to develop our dynamic strategic partnership with Starboard Value LP. Togettheyr, we have establittheyyd a clear focus on tthey type of opportunities we are seeking and we are fortunate to be able to operate in a flexible fashion.  We can acquire public or private companies, or discrete divisions of companies and we are also able to participate in or lead a consortia of investors to complete larger transactions. While our focus is on operating acquisitions, at certain times, our own stock may be tthey most attractive investment we can make. With Acacia shares trading well below book value, we announced a $15 million buyback program in December that we completed in early February. Today, we are announcing an additional $40 million buyback authorization. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to make investments in businesses, and to tthey extent that tthey market affords us tthey opportunity to acquire our own shares. We have been fortunate to significantly enhance our senior leadership team, and I'm very pleased to have MJ McNulty joining me as our Chief Operating Officer and Head of M&A. Additionally, Wes Golby was named Chief Investment Officer. MJ most recently served as a Managing Director of Starboard Value LP and was tthey Chief Executive Officer and a member of tthey Board of Directors at Starboard Value Acquisition Corp., wtheyre they led tthey transaction through which SVAC combined with Cyxtera Technologies, Inc., a deal valued at approximately $3.4 billion. In their new role at Acacia, MJ will direct all aspects of our M&A activity.  I've asked MJ to join me on tthey call today, and I'd like to invite them to speak now. Martin D. McNulty Thank you, Clifford. First, we appreciate everyone for joining us ttheir morning. We're really proud of tthey platform that we're building, and I'm very excited to be a part of it. As Clifford mentioned, we really are an advantaged owner of businesses.  We have tthey transactional flexibility, with tthey advantages of both private and public market investors and tthey flexibility to initiate our acquisitions eittheyr in whole or beginning as a shareholder. We also have tthey operational flexibility with operating executive expertise to navigate complex situations and find values wtheyre ottheyrs may not. We believe ttheir complement is highly differentiated to ottheyr folks in tthey market.  Importantly, though, we view all our acquisitions through tthey lens of a long-term owner and a partner which our capital base affords us. We're going to focus on doing ttheir in tthey industrial, technology, consumer and theyalthcare segments and partnering with excellent senior executives working alongside us.  We have multiple pathways to fund ttheyse acquisitions. We have a strong balance ttheyyet. We continue to build our strategic partner with Starboard Value as we develop new models to execute transactions. Finally, we're positioned well to partner with ottheyr buyers also. We will evaluate opportunistic situations, as well as alternative funding structures wtheyre Acacia can generate fee revenue.  I'm very excited to continue building a world-class M&A function with a group of world-class operating talent. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back to Clifford. Clifford Press Thanks, MJ. We are excited to benefit from your experience and leadership on our team.  As I mentioned, we also recently promoted Wes Golby to tthey position of Chief Investment Officer. Wes has served as Director of Research at Acacia since August of 2020. He joined us from Seven Canyons Advisers wtheyre they was a Co-Founder and Portfolio Manager. Seven Canyons is an investment firm that specializes in small cap investing. Earlier in their career, Wes was a partner and portfolio manager at S-Squared Technology, a small cap technology-focused investment adviser.  Under Wes' leadership, we continue to identify actionable opportunities and ttheir appointment is in recognition of tthey vital role that research serves in our organization. With an enhanced research and execution team and a strategy that provides maximum flexibility for a wide mandate, for value creation, we believe that we are uniquely positioned. We can have an innovative approach to capital deployment, creating our own catalysts and positioning Acacia as an advantaged buyer. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Rich Rosenstein, our Chief Financial Officer, to discuss tthey results. Rich? Rich Rosenstein Thank you, Clifford. First, I'd like to note that tthey acquisition of Printronix closed in early October. Accordingly, tthey results reported today include nearly three months of contribution from ttheir new business. As a result of ttheir addition, we are now providing segment reporting along two segments, Intellectual Property and Industrial Operations.  I will turn to our operations in a moment. As we continue to build our operating businesses, Acacia currently has very substantial asset value in tthey form of cash and marketable securities. For ttheir reason, we believe our book value is a very useful measure of value. Our GAAP book value at December 31, 2021 was $430.5 million or $8.80 per basic share compared to $5.94 per basic share at December 31, 2020.  Our GAAP book value includes tthey impact of our warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which in turn, reflect tthey impact of tthey increase in tthey company's share price over tthey last year. As ttheyse liabilities will be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and convertible preferred stock, we think it is more useful to consider our book value should all of ttheyse instruments be converted. On ttheir basis, assuming full exercise of all issued derivatives, Acacia's pro forma book value would rise to $1.1 billion or $6.51 per share, up from $5.38 per share on tthey same basis as of December 31, 2020.  For tthey quarter, highlights of our financial performance include tthey following, revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 were $63.3 million compared to $4.4 million a year ago. Ttheir is broken down as follows. First, our intellectual property business generated $51.3 million in licensing and related patent revenue compared to $4.4 million in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Tthey successful licensing of our newly acquired Wi-Fi 6 portfolio drove much of ttheir performance. Second, Printronix contributed $12 million in revenue in tthey quarter with no contribution in tthey comparable period a year ago. General and administrative expenses were $12.7 million compared to $6.4 million in tthey fourth quarter of last year.  Printronix represented $2.4 million of ttheir, with Intellectual Property G&A of $1.1 million, up $0.3 million over tthey last year and ttheyn $8.7 million of parent G&A, which was up $3.1 million over tthey last year. Tthey parent G&A increase is due to increased business development, deal activity and personnel expenses related to tthey company's acquisition initiatives. It's important to note that we do not capitalize deal expenses, but rattheyr expense as incurred. Operating income was $31.3 million in tthey quarter compared to a loss of $6.4 million a year ago, driven by $40 million of operating income from our intellectual property business. On a GAAP basis, Printronix contributed $62,000 in reported operating income, which reflected tthey impact of tthey $2.5 million of purchase accounting and ottheyr onetime items that Clifford mentioned.  Realized and unrealized gains totaled $35.8 million in tthey quarter, and our diluted net income to common stockholders was $42.4 million or $0.45 per diluted share compared to $1.30 per diluted share and $1.31 per basic share in tthey fourth quarter last year. For tthey year, total revenues were $88 million compared to $29.8 million last year. Again, Printronix acquired in early October contributed $12 million of revenue for tthey year.  Our IP business generated $76 million in revenue compared to $29.8 million a year ago. General and administrative expenses for tthey year were $35.7 million compared to $24.5 million last year. Of tthey $11.2 million increase, $2.4 million was due to tthey inclusion of Printronix, $0.2 million positive variance was related to tthey IP business and $8.5 million was due to growth in our parent expense, reflecting tthey expanded team and discretionary deal expenses, which again are not capitalized. Operating income was $14.5 million compared to a loss of $19.5 million last year, a $34 million improvement over last year. And GAAP net income was $149.2 million or $1.91 per diluted share compared to net income of $109.2 million or $1.48 per diluted share last year. Tthey current year's net income included $115 million in realized gains related to tthey life science portfolio and anottheyr $87.5 million in unrealized gains. We recognized a noncash expense during tthey year of $40.4 million related to tthey increase in fair value of tthey Starboard warrant and derivative liabilities due to tthey increase in Acacia's share price during tthey year. I would note that our net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2021 were approximately $172 million. Over tthey past year, we have reduced our NOLs and capital loss carryforwards by more than 40%. Ttheir NOL remains available to shield future operating income and realized gains from taxes.  Cash and marketable securities at fair value totaled $670.7 million at December 31, 2021 compared to $274.6 million at December 31, 2020. And last, our debt at year-end was $181.2 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard Value LP. We are also preannouncing results for tthey first quarter, which will close today. We expect to report revenue of $13 million to $14 million, reflecting a full quarter of Printronix ownership and a modest contribution from our IP business. General and administrative expenses are expected to be in tthey $12.5 million to $13.5 million range, reflecting development of our acquisition organization and deals that we're working on. We anticipate an operating loss of $8.2 million to $9.2 million during tthey quarter. And ttheyn last, as of today, we currently hold $538.7 million in cash and marketable securities. Total indebtedness today is $168.4 million, reflecting tthey notes issued to Starboard Value. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and our annual report on Form 10-K, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. One comment on tthey 10-K, you will see we corrected our presentation of certain financing fees in 2020, specifically related to tthey amortization period of tthey financing fee we incurred upon first issuing notes to Starboard Value in June 2020. Tthey result of ttheir change was a less than 1% reduction in asset value in 2020, which actually resulted in a benefit to earnings in 2021 and will have a similar benefit going forward. As of tthey end of 2021, ttheir adjustment represented a 0.5% reduction in what our asset value would have ottheyrwise been. Last, as Clifford mentioned, we completed tthey $15 million share repurchase program that we launctheyd in December and early February and are now announcing a new $40 million share buyback program. With our shares trading at an approximately 36% discount to pro forma book value per share, repurchases represent an accretive and attractive use of our capital. Now let me turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments. Clifford? Clifford Press  Thanks, Rich. In conclusion, we have built out a seasoned team of research, execution and operating professionals, and we continue to work closely with our strategic partners at Starboard Value to identify and pursue acquisitions aligned with our stated strategic goal.  You have seen us do tthey following. First, extract value from our life sciences portfolio, a onetime opportunity that has enabled us to add nearly $400 million in value to tthey company. Two, deliver strong and improving performance from our intellectual property assets. And three, closed tthey first of what we expect to be several operating company acquisitions. We are steadily growing our capital base to expand ttheir strategy and tthey recent additions to our M&A team will theylp us grow our pipeline.  As I said, I'm very much looking forward to tthey coming year. With that, we will be pleased to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Anthony Stoss at Craig-Hallum. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stoss, your line is live. You may begin.  Anthony Stoss Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome aboard, MJ. Clifford, perhaps we can get a little bit more detail on tthey licensing deal in Q4 on tthey Wi-Fi 6 patents. For starters, congrats on that pretty sizable deal. Can you confirm that that's with one customer? If so, what percentage of tthey market did that one customer represent? And have you notified ottheyr players in tthey space? And ttheyn I have several follow-ups. Clifford Press Yes. Well, you're on to tthey important points ttheyre, Tony. That was considered to be a foundational transaction. And I think it was extremely important in validating tthey importance of tthey portfolio and tthey value of it.  That initial transaction, I think will carry forward, obviously, into future discussions, particularly since -- for it to be that large of a transaction was a very significant counterparty and I think it bodes well for tthey future. I do not have a calculation of what percentage of tthey total market, I think, ttheir represents, but it is by no means a majority or anything like that. As you know, Wi-Fi is -- and particularly Wi-Fi 6 is very broadly deployed. And virtually no technology providers in ttheir area used -- almost all technology providers used ttheir particular version of Wi-Fi 6. And I think ttheyre's a very broad application of ttheyse patents. Anthony Stoss Clifford, have you reactheyd out to ottheyr potential licensees already? Also is ttheyre any chance that, sometime in calendar 2022 that you could get a license or some kind of resolution or additional monies coming in off tthey same patents? Clifford Press It's very difficult to make predictions about absolute return assets of ttheir type. I think and I just look at it on tthey basis that it's well validated now, and I'll leave it to Mark and their team to monetize it as ttheyy see fit. It will -- ttheir is not tthey kind of business that you can value on a recurring revenue or earnings basis. We're just pleased to be able to recover a very good return on tthey investments we've made and to keep going with it. It's a strong portfolio. So we'll be letting you know, Tony, as it plays out, how it does. Anthony Stoss Okay. And ttheyn maybe a question for MJ or you, Clifford. Going forward, how do you guys source deals? Are any of tthey kind of publicly disclosed companies that you've gone after, are you still interested in each and every one of those? And any kind of furttheyr comments you might make towards Kohl's would be theylpful. Thanks. Clifford Press Sorry, I wasn't able to theyar, operator, at tthey beginning of Tony's question, it faded out ttheyre. Could you just repeat it, Tony? Anthony Stoss Absolutely. Tthey question is, how are you going to continue to source deals with MJ? Is ttheyre a new strategy, what expertise or different segments does they bring in? And maybe they could comment about that. And ttheyn Clifford, if you could comment about some of tthey ottheyr publicly disclosed or rumored companies that you guys have made overtures towards, are you still interested in every one of those? Have any fallen off? And any comments you can make regarding Kohl's would be theylpful. Clifford Press Okay. So I'd say our strategy has evolved. We've developed more focus on tthey type of transaction wtheyre we think we can be most advantaged. MJ comes from a long career in a transactional environment, primarily in private equity. So that's tthey reason -- tthey basis on which they joins Starboard and that is absolutely tthey reason why we said pleased to have them theyre with us at Acacia now. And with regard to ongoing transactions, I think tthey best time for us to discuss those is wtheyn ttheyy're completed. So if you don't mind, we'll leave it like that for now and we do very much look forward to discussing transactions once ttheyy've taken place.  MJ, would you like to talk a little bit about your past roles and how you're seeing tthey outlook theyre for Tony? Martin D. McNulty Yes. Clifford, absolutely, happy to do that. And Tony, nice to speak with you. As Clifford mentioned, my background is private equity. I've worked for three funds over tthey last 20 years, and ttheyn at Starboard wtheyre I ran SPAC end [ph] sourcing with tthey question of tthey day, as I'm sure you can imagine, in tthey SPAC market.  As we think about sourcing deals, I mentioned it in my comments, but we're really focusing on a handful of industries wtheyre we believe that we can bring something differentiated to tthey companies, but also differentiated to tthey owners of those companies and be win a reason, win a spot to be able to buy that business and make it part of Acacia. And ttheyre are several ways we're doing that. I mean, we theirtorically have worked with operators, and we're continuing to build out our bench of operating executives, industry executives, world-class C suite, folks that naturally bring opportunities to us because ttheyy see a lot from tthey seats that ttheyy're in.  We have our strategic partnership with Starboard, and Starboard sees a lot of opportunities. But importantly, we're building ttheir function up internally, and we've hired an individual with whom I've worked in tthey past, solely focused on sourcing and building those executive relationships and building those business owner and company relationships. We've done ttheir in a couple of different places. It's been very successful. I think -- it's not finding deals, it's finding good deals and tthey focus and tthey process that we're putting around that focus and tthey industries that we're going after will theylp us pull through tthey opportunities to really rise and prioritize tthey best opportunities for us to execute against. Anthony Stoss Perfect. Thanks for tthey color, MJ and best of luck, guys. Thank you. Clifford Press Yes, thanks, Tony. Operator Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brett Reiss at Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is live. You may begin. Brett Reiss  Good morning, gentlemen. Great interesting quarter. Hats off to you. First question, tthey G&A run rate, is $50 million to $52 million kind of an annual run rate? Rich Rosenstein I'll take that. Good morning Brett. So to be clear, yes, tthey G&A is across our businesses. So it's tthey G&A for our intellectual property business, it's tthey G&A for Printronix, and it's tthey G&A of parent. Obviously, ttheyre's a proportion of tthey parent G&A that's fixed. But as I said, we're very active in pursuing deals and acquisitions and similar opportunities. And so we expense those items as incurred. So if we're particularly active, ttheyn it will run higtheyr. And if we're in a period wtheyre we're not seeing so many opportunities, and are not as active, it will be lower. We're very mindful of return on investment. And so we're not just out spending money to just pursue deals. We're factoring ttheyse costs into our overall assessment of tthey attractiveness of tthey acquisitions we're looking at. So it will vary. But we happen to be particularly active right now. And so we're incurring a bit more.  Our goal, as you know, is to acquire one or more operating companies. So for a period of time, it may be running a little higtheyr while we're quite active in that pursuit. And so that's really what I can say about it. Brett Reiss  Right. Clifford Press I'll add something for you, Brett. Tthey way GAAP treats our kind of activity, tthey cost of tthey transaction is not expensed or cap -- it is not capitalized into tthey cost of tthey asset. It's all expensed as incurred. So ironically, if you're successful and do a lot of transactions, you run a very high level of G&A because all tthey cost, tthey lawyers, all tthey transaction costs are all expensed, nothing gets added to tthey basis of tthey asset.  I think you should look at it on that basis. If we were not doing much, tthey G&A would go down because it's very variable, as Rich said. And if we were doing a lot, it'd be high G&A if we were getting deals done. Brett Reiss  Okay. I appreciate that. Once you land anottheyr operating business or two, do you have any plans to spin off tthey patent business and maybe rename that part of tthey company? Clifford Press No. It's a very good business. Wtheyn we came to Acacia, it didn't have much going on, but tthey market was such that ttheyre's very good asset value available at realistic prices. And that's something which we appreciate. And I think we are fortunate enough to have Marc Booth leading an excellent team. So we like tthey business. Brett Reiss  Okay. Richard, tthey $15 million worth of stock we bought back, how many shares did we buy back? And what was tthey average price? Rich Rosenstein It was just over 3 million shares and tthey average price was just under $5 a share. Brett Reiss  Okay. And one last one for Mr. McNulty, in looking at tthey responses from SPOK and CMTL, is it in our kind of corporate DNA to, wtheyre appropriate, maybe have to go call icon [ph] on a management that rebuffs our initial overtures and intentions? Clifford Press I think it's -- MJ is a little new for that kind of question. Martin D. McNulty Very colorful, very colorful analogy. Clifford Press Yes, but we are -- maybe not as colorful. We're very deliberate and careful about tthey transactions that we initiate. And as to what happens after that, I think we'll let theirtory write itself. Brett Reiss  Okay. One last one, forgive me. And you may not be able to answer it. Tthey $30 million investment securities, which I assume is divided between SPOK, CMTL and KSS. Are you at liberty to break that down? Clifford Press Probably not a good idea for us to go ttheyre, Brett. Brett Reiss  All right. Clifford Press We report what we can. Brett Reiss  Fair enough. Thank you for taking all my questions. Yes. Rich Rosenstein I'm sorry, Brett, just to be clear, I think wtheyn you say tthey $30 billion in investment securities, that's an equity method investment of one position. It's actually a royalty business. But tthey investments that we have, is shown as equity securities at fair value on our balance ttheyyet, which is just under $362 million, includes tthey remainder of tthey life science portfolio and ttheyn some of tthey ottheyr positions that you mentioned, and ottheyr outside of life science investments. Brett Reiss  Great. Great quarter. Thank you for taking all my questions. I'm going to drop back in queue. Thank you. Clifford Press Pleasure, as always, Brett. Keep ttheym coming. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from David Seeburk [ph]. Your line is live. You may begin. Unidentified Analyst And congratulations, Cliff, on an amazing quarter. And I think you guys did an amazing job outlining tthey business and tthey future of your future plans. My question is surrounding Mycovia. I know that you guys have a significant interest in that from a royalty perspective on one of ttheyir drugs that was supposed to be approved, I believe, about 1.5 months ago. And it said on tthey FDA website that it was just delayed for packaging issues, which, to me, seems like a very a positive signal and something that could be wrapped up relatively quickly.  On tthey website of Mycovia, ttheyy also indicate that ttheyy're still good for a second quarter launch of ttheir drug. I think you have a 26% interest in tthey royalty of that. Ttheir could be a $1 billion drug. Can you give us an update on that? Clifford Press Yes. So as you said, we're a royalty holder. We're tthey largest of tthey royalty holders in that drug. It's an exceptional drug. That drug is going to be able to treat very effectively a condition that afflicts many, many women at tthey moment and is not effectively treated. Tthey process of completing its FDA approval, getting tthey packaging agreed upon and with ottheyr things is complex. We do expect it will proceed. And ottheyr than that, we wait, we theyar from Mycovia as to ttheyir progress.  So we're not really at tthey front lines of that process to tthey extent that we would be able to provide any more color than that. Unidentified Analyst Understood. But it's still -- it seems to me that that's a very significant value within for Acacia provided ttheir drug gets approval and ttheyy do launch, as ttheyy indicated on ttheyir website, ttheyy're still comfortable with a second quarter launch. That could be a very positive thing for your stock price.  Question as well, is ttheyre any royalty that you receive off that after approval? I mean not royalty -- upfront payment after approval? Or is it just tthey royalty that you're receiving based on tthey current structure of -- tthey structure that's been outlined? Clifford Press Ttheyre are milestone payments tied to approval and a very substantial royalty ttheyreafter. So once it gets clarified, we'll be in a much better position to understand tthey launch of ttheir particular compound and tthey likely market penetration. Unidentified Analyst That's great. I really appreciate that color. That's very theylpful. And congratulations, I think you did an amazing job outlining tthey business today. And I would expect tthey stock should have a nice reaction to that because you guys really laid it out properly. Thank you very much. Clifford Press Thank you, David. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey floor back to Clifford Press for closing remarks. Clifford Press I think we've pretty much said everything we could say about ttheir. It's a pleasure to finally be at tthey point wtheyre we can report tthey results of our activities. We're extremely grateful to all of our shareholders who've been so supportive as we went through tthey period of transition to create tthey future of tthey business theyre. And we look forward to continuing to report as we proceed and provide updates wtheynever we possibly can. So thank you very much, and look forward to speaking next quarter. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's event. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.