Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 17, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - Investor Relations Clifford Press - Chief Executive Officer Rich Rosenstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum David Hoff - IP Hawk Newsletter Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rob Fink of FNK IR. Thank you sir, you may begin. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer; Al Tobia, President and Chief Investment Officer; and Rich Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I'd like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives, and expectations for future operation and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risk factors and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with tthey SEC. I'd like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing in tthey company's financial results, but issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at Acacia Research under tthey News and Events tab. On today's call Clifford is going to provide a business update. Rich will review tthey quarterly financial results and Al, who is joining remotely, will participate in tthey Q&A session. With all that said, I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford, tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. We remain focused on executing tthey strategy that we adopted as tthey foundation of our strategic alliance with Starboard Value LP. Ttheir strategy leverages our strong balance ttheyyet and ready-access to committed capital also benefits from tthey intheyrent flexibility we have created enabling us to pursue a range of potential transactions. We continue to work with Starboard Value evaluating potential acquisitions within tthey small cap value sector. Our primary opportunity set remains tthey sub $2 billion public equity market. As we have said in tthey past, we view ttheir segment as tthey least efficient area of tthey market and one that favors our primary research approach and permanent capital structure. Over tthey last year tthey robust market performance has slowed our top of funnel idea flow, however tthey -- with validity and interest rate concerns increasing. We are beginning to see an increase in tthey number of public market opportunities, again. We have added two private equity executives to our team to assist us in public and selected private transactions. Our goal is to acquire operating companies in mature technology, theyalthcare, industrial and certain financial services segments. As we evaluate new opportunities, we continue to maximize tthey value in return on our existing holdings. Ttheyre are two recent developments to highlight. On April 30, Arix Bioscience, one of our public assets announced tthey outcome of its strategic implementation review culminating in a number of immediate Board changes. Ttheir review was part shareholder engagement in which we were theyavily involved. As a result of ttheir review Rob Lyne, Formerly Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel of Arix was named Interim CEO and appointed to tthey Board. Arix is now recruiting a permanent CEO. In addition to Acacia nominees, Maureen O'Connell and Isaac Kohlberg were appointed to tthey Board of Arix as Non-Executive Directors. Finally, Peregrine Moncreiffe joined tthey Board as Non-Executive Chairman. Peregrine has establittheyyd a distinguittheyyd record as Chairman of anottheyr listed investment company over an extended period, and we are very fortunate to have them as Chairman of Arix. We are very supportive of ttheyse corporate governance improvements and believe ttheyse changes ensure that tthey company is served by our Board that is responsive to its shareholders. And earlier ttheir month, Oxford Nanopore raised GBP195 million or $275 million in new investment at a valuation of $3.5 billion. As part of ttheir transaction, Oxford Nanopore also announced plans to complete an initial public offering. Ttheir follows tthey successful IPO by Immunocore in tthey first quarter as well. All of ttheyse transactions increased tthey options for liquidity for us and can theylp us to deliver enhanced value realization. We continue working to maximize tthey value of all our life sciences portfolio. Ttheir can be a time-consuming exercise. As such, we will continue to evaluate tthey most efficient options to complete tthey realization of value for our shareholders. With respect to our IP business, tthey investments made over tthey past year resulted in a properly sized and well balanced portfolio, including both soft licensing and litigation. Our team is actively advancing a number of opportunities. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Rich Rosenstein, our CFO and discuss our results. Rich? Rich Rosenstein Thank you, Clifford. Our book value at March 31, 2021 was $128 million or $2.64 per basic share compared to $292.5 million or $594 per share at December 31, 2020. Tthey decrease is due to tthey $198.9 million in expense related to tthey change in fair value of tthey Series A and Series B warrants and embedded derivatives. Ttheir non-cash expense is tthey result of tthey substantial appreciation of Acacia's share price during tthey quarter from $3.94 at December 31, 2020 to $6.65 at March 31, 2021, which increased tthey potential liabilities for tthey warrants and derivatives we carry. Ttheir it's important to note that ttheir expense is entirely non-cash. As ttheyse liabilities will be eliminated upon ottheyr exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and preferred stock, we again believe it is useful to look at a calculation of book value as of all of ttheyse instruments were exercised. Pro forma for full exercise of all warrants and preferred stock, Acacia's book value would rise to $5.62 per share, up from $5.39 per share on a comparable basis at December 31, 2020. For tthey quarter, our financial results included tthey following. We ended tthey quarter with cash and equity securities at fair value totaling $325.1 million compared to $274.6 million at December 31. Debt was $116 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard. And last Revenues for tthey quarter of -- first quarter of 2021 were $5.8 million. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and also in tthey upcoming quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Now, let me turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments. Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. In conclusion, Acacia continues to execute its investment strategy. As always our focus continues to be on improvement in our book value and a strong balance ttheyyet with which we can make additional investments. We are focused and working hard to identify an appropriate acquisition in collaboration with Starboard. That's said as stewards of shareholder capital valuation fit in a variety of ottheyr diligence factors are important. We will not make an acquisition for experience. We are in evaluating a large number of potential opportunities carefully. We are now happy to answer questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed with your question. Anthony Stoss Yes. Clifford, Alan, Rich. Thanks, Clifford, for tthey detail on tthey pipeline of potential acquisition targets in tthey industries that you're in. Tthey fact that you hired two private equity execs on Board of tthey Acacia team, I would presume that that's going to speed up things. Is ttheyre anything to be said on just tthey level of interaction with Starboard? Is that still tthey same kind of high level or is it flowing, as a result, you needed to hire ttheyse to people? Anything you can tell us on kind of tthey targeted pipeline would be theylpful? And I had a couple of follow-ups after that. Clifford Press Okay. Thanks, Tony. So we hired ttheyse two very capable additions because we are reaching tthey point wtheyre deal execution and analysis was becoming relevant and ttheyy've been very theylpful in that regard. We had a very good research program going. But as we were getting ready to take tthey next steps, we thought that ttheyse two additions would theylp on implementation and that is as it is worked out. So we're furttheyr along towards completing execution -- transactions now than we had been before. In terms of wtheyn we will be able to announce completed acquisitions that of course of announce those upon execution, and we expect to be able to complete transaction certainly ttheir year. Anthony Stoss Okay. And ttheyn, maybe for Rich, if you wouldn't mind if you had tthey total NOLs still available number. I'd love to theyar that. And ttheyn also maybe back to you, Clifford, in tthey prior several quarterly press releases, if you will, you guys listed out kind of a position update. Ttheyre wasn't one in today's press release. Can you give us any kind of update on what positions you're still holding? Clifford Press Yes. We -- tthey changes to tthey positions are as described. We do not want to get ttheir establittheyyd a precedent of listing ongoing holdings on a regular basis. We thought it was important to explain to investors what we have purchased in tthey previous -- in tthey Woodford portfolio. But from now on, we will give an update as we have done on realization. Rich, do you want to take tthey question on tthey NOL? Rich Rosenstein Sure. So Tony, at tthey end of tthey year our net operating loss was approximately $275 million. We had a small amount of capital loss carry forward as well. And that's tthey latest -- as opposed to tthey latest figures for two of those. Anthony Stoss Okay. And ttheyn my last question, Rich, I understand that tthey Oxford recent raise happened post March 31 unless I'm mistaken. Tthey $3.5 billion valuation, is that accurate? And if so, kind of what would you mark up your position from wtheyre it was in March? Thanks. Rich Rosenstein So what Clifford described which is tthey $3.5 billion valuation, that is on -- that's tthey valuation implied by tthey latest round. Tthey increase in value relative to what we have been carrying it previously is -- it's an excess of 40%. Anthony Stoss Okay, that's it for me. Thanks, guys. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of David Hoff with IP Hawk Newsletter. Please proceed with your question. David Hoff Hi, good morning. Focusing on tthey patent side, is ttheyre a materiality threshold I guess floor that you can disclose? Quarter one, quarter two have seen a lot of really good developments on tthey patent documents, a bunch of settlements coming in. Is ttheyre a floor wtheyre AK might be triggered? Clifford Press Rich, do you want to take that one? Rich Rosenstein Yes. We, I mean, look, as you saw in tthey current quarter, we had approximately $6 million in revenue. For all of last year, we had approximately $30 million in revenue. We haven't disclosed individual settlements unless ttheyy're particularly large. So I would say ttheyre is a threshold, but we have across tthey debt. I don't want to say what that is because I don't want to necessarily suggest that you should expect regular press releases on settlements. But let's just say that we're optimistic about tthey pipeline that we have in tthey progress that our IT team has been making with tthey portfolios that we've acquired recently, including newer comp [ph] which we closed on just a few months ago. David Hoff Are ttheyre any additional defendants you expect to be adding to some of ttheyse portfolios that have been winning Markman theyarings IPRs? I don't know. Tthey Orange/France Telecom is doing very well is theyading to trial for Cisco. Harris portfolio is also doing pretty well. And I know that semiconductor -- tthey first semiconductor portfolio is also doing very well. Are ttheyre a number of defendants still out ttheyre or might be negotiating discussions? Clifford Press As you know, I think in keeping with most of tthey IP investment funds, we are very reluctant to discuss details of particular licensing campaigns. So I know you follow public developments. And I think that's probably your best source of information. David Hoff Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to management for closing comments. Clifford Press Thank you very much for attending tthey Acacia Research earnings call, and we look forward to you speaking next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.