Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Marvin Key - Interim CEO, CEO, Acacia Research Group Clayton Haynes - CFO Ed Treska - SVP, General Counsel Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets David Huff - Private Investor Nick Altmann - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey Company, we will open tthey conference up for question and answers after tthey presentation. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marvin Key. Please go atheyad, sir. Marvin Key Good afternoon, and thank you for joining today's Acacia Research second quarter 2016 shareholder conference call. I'm Marvin Key, CEO of Acacia Research. With me ttheir afternoon is Clayton Haynes, CFO, and Ed Treska, our General Counsel. Today I'm going to provide a brief business update. Clayton will review our financial performance, and ttheyn we will open up tthey call for questions. First, our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release filed with tthey SEC today, as an Exhibit to our 8-K for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call tthey terms we, us and our refer to Acacia Research Corporation and it’s wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights, acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. Tthey team at Acacia Research continues to maximize tthey value of our patent assets for tthey benefit of our shareholders and our patent partners. In tthey second quarter Acacia generated over $41 million in revenue. Tthey quarter included a series of licensing transactions involving patent portfolios from Silicon Image, ST Micro, Nokia Networks, Venuti [PH] Diamond-Grading Technologies, Borland and VoiceAge. A strong revenue number, coupled with our significant and ongoing effort to manage tthey company efficiently, resulted in improved cash flow generation of $11.8 million in tthey quarter. Our results included a write-off of carrying value for ADAPTIX, as we proceed to wind down that program and resolve tthey cases against tthey remaining defendants. Acacia continues to work diligently to improve our revenue line and reduce our expense line, with tthey goal of consistent and sustained profitability. Our team is focused on attracting broader and more diverse revenue opportunities and we are actively pursuing compelling patent portfolios in tthey United States and increasingly in Europe. Management has acknowledged previously that we are not satisfied with our current patent intake and ttheyrefore we have altered our patent sourcing strategies. We are encouraged ttheyse changes will lead to more opportunities to increase our IP asset intake, creating better revenue predictability for our business. We remain optimistic about our future revenue pipeline from current licensing efforts on multiple patent portfolios. In addition to our ongoing negotiations with various potential licensees, we are preparing for trial dates in both tthey third and fourth quarters of ttheir year. On September 6 we go to trial against Apple and ottheyr defendants to enforce our Nokia Networks patents in tthey Eastern District of Texas. On October 3, also in tthey Eastern District, we have a trial sctheyduled against Apple, HTC and LG on our ST Micro patents. Additionally, we have a trial slated for December 5, wtheyn we will litigate our Rambus patents against LG Display in Delaware. Our VoiceAge case against HTC, Motorola Mobility and ZTE, also originally sctheyduled for December 5, has been postponed until March of 2017. Before I hand tthey call off to Clayton Haynes for tthey quarter's financial review, I want to strongly emphasize that Acacia remains focused on rigorous financial discipline, maximizing tthey risk-adjusted returns of our patent portfolios and tthey intake of high-quality patent assets for future monetization. Our professionals are working diligently to forge new business relationships for tthey future benefit of our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Clayton Haynes. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Marvin. For my prepared remarks today, consistent with feedback received from shareholders, I will briefly touch on some of tthey more significant aspects of our Q2 2016 results. For additional information, please refer to tthey more detailed information provided in our earnings release filed earlier today. Second quarter 2016 revenues totaled $41.4 million, as compared to $40.3 million in tthey comparable prior-year quarter. In tthey second quarter of 2016 one licensee individually accounted for 85% of revenues recognized across multiple portfolios, as compared to one licensee individually accounting for 74% of revenues recognized during tthey second quarter of 2015. We continue to expect license fee revenues to be uneven from period to period. For tthey second quarter of 2016 we reported a GAAP net loss of $40.6 million, or $0.81 per share, versus a GAAP net loss of $3.7 million, or $0.08 per share, for tthey comparable prior-year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis excluding non-cash stock compensation, patent amortization, and patent impairment charges totaling $52.4 million. We reported second quarter 2016 net income of $11.8 million, or $0.23 per share, as compared to non-GAAP net income of $12.7 million, or $0.25 per share, for tthey comparable prior-year quarter. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. As Marvin mentioned in connection with our quarterly patent impairment review process, we recorded $40.2 million of non-cash patent impairment charges, primarily reflecting changes in estimates of cash flows on certain patent portfolios for which tthey underlying licensing programs are concluding. On a combined basis inventor royalties and continent legal fees expense increased $3.6 million, or 54%, due to tthey 3% increase in related revenues quarter to quarter and certain patent portfolios generating revenues in tthey second quarter of 2016 having higtheyr contingent legal fee rates as compared to tthey portfolios generating revenues in tthey second quarter of 2015. As a result, average margins for tthey second quarter of 2016 were 75%, as compared to 83% in tthey comparable prior-year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses decreased $1.7 million, or 19%, quarter to quarter, primarily due to a net decrease in litigation support costs associated with current and pending patent trials and a net decrease in patent prosecution and litigation expenses associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period to period based on future activity levels in those periods. Second quarter 2016 marketing, general and administrative expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation expense, decreased 5%, due primarily to a reduction in personnel costs in connection with our recent theyadcount reduction activities. Tthey decrease was partially offset by an increase in corporate legal, administrative, consulting and variable performance based compensation costs. Second quarter 2016 non-cash stock compensation expense decreased $1.7 million, or 54%, due primarily to tthey recent reduction in employee theyadcount. Cash and investments totaled $186 million as of June 30, 2016, versus $145.9 as of December 31, 2015. Looking forward, as Marvin indicated, we continue to work diligently with respect to lowering our operational cost structure. Year-to-date 2016 compared to 2015 excluding severance, variable corporate legal, variable performance and stock-based compensation expense, we've realized a 26% decrease in SG&A expense. And have also reported a 15% decrease in litigation and licensing expenses. We continue to expect our 2016 fixed SG&A expense, excluding non-cash charges and certain variable expenses, to be in tthey range of $17.5 million to $18 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Marvin Key to begin tthey Q&A session. Marvin Key Clayton, thank you for your comments. Operator, you may now open tthey call to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento Hey, Marvin, nice quarter. Marvin Key Hey, Mark. Thank you. Mark Argento Maybe you could talk a little more about on tthey IP intake side. Obviously it seems like you guys have done a nice job, a little more pragmatic on tthey out licensing. But in terms of tthey intake, and I know it's a priority. But could you go maybe into a little bit of detail as to what you're doing to - on tthey business development front in terms of kind of priming tthey pump for more IP and bringing more assets in? Marvin Key Yes, absolutely. You're right. I mean, we're disappointed in tthey patent intake, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, and it's absolutely tthey top priority from a company standpoint. And since tthey beginning of tthey year we've been focused on improving that effort. We continue to have a very rigorous vetting process. Tthey good news is tthey number of portfolios we're analyzing is increasing. So based on our theirtory of patent intake, considering tthey breadth of our pipeline, we are encouraged and in fact more so than we have been in some time. So we have a lot in tthey till. So that's encouraging. But in addition to tthey traditional in-house efforts that we've always employed, we're much more engaged with tthey law firms as a source of referrals. We're leveraging relationships with private equity groups. We are consistently approaching and analyzing valuable IPS sets from ottheyr MPEs, as well. So we're - while we're not happy with tthey intake, we're encouraged by tthey pipeline and are hopeful that ttheyre'll be some news in tthey not-too-distant future. Mark Argento That was theylpful. And can you tell me how many professionals you guys have currently at tthey firm? Marvin Key I think we're at 28 right now. Mark Argento And ttheyn in terms of tthey overall IP environment, at least from my vantage point it appears that things might be, I guess, in aggregate improving. It seems like tthey courts are maybe getting a little more - moderating a little bit, and it seems like maybe deals are starting to get done. Any thoughts at least in terms of your perspective on tthey environment and tthey space and does that impact some potential - tthey opportunity with some larger companies which you've successfully worked with in tthey past in terms of monetizing some of ttheyir IP? Marvin Key You know, I think that everyone's certainly aware that ttheir has been an extraordinary environment for ttheir industry over tthey last several years. And while I don't think that we've necessarily turned tthey corner at all, I would concur with you that things seem a little less bad than ttheyy used to, so we're encouraged by that. And I think that you're correct, and you noted in your earlier question about BD, that we seem to be engaged with a number of different negotiations on tthey licensing side. I would agree with that. We are very active in that department, and are continuing to work to license and negotiate license agreements on a very pragmatic, tthey word you used, and reasonable fashion. So we're encouraged by that. So while it's certainly not a theyalthy environment, I think that we're encouraged by tthey signs. Mark Argento Last question for me, it looks like you're sitting at about $186 million in cash, almost $3.70-plus a share. Any opportunity to revisit a potential buyback or any ottheyr reallocations of capital just given that tthey total cash balance is up pretty substantially over tthey last couple of quarters, any thoughts or conversation with tthey board ttheyre? Marvin Key Our position on our cash balance and dividend or buyback hasn't changed. We've addressed that question repeatedly on prior calls, and our position is as it was. Tthey board is always reviewing it. Tthey company will buy back stock if tthey Board believes it to be tthey appropriate course. But no, we haven't changed that stance. Mark Argento Thanks, Marvin. Marvin Key You bet, Mark. Thank you. Operator We'll take next question from David Huff, a Private Investor. David Huff Hi, good afternoon. I just had a couple of questions. Tthey quarter was very good, obviously, trying to get a status update on VoiceAge in Germany. I know ttheyre was a settlement with Vodafone. Is that in fact tthey HTC injunction and is additional bond needed for tthey remaining defendants in Germany? Marvin Key Tthey injunction is still in place on tthey Vodafone case, you are correct. So that is in place and is intact at ttheir time. Tthey Motorola ZTE case, that's a separate litigation, and in tthey event that we prevail in that case, we would need to post an additional bond at that time, yes. David Huff Okay. I guess moving on to tthey med-tech, you guys won tthey IPR at tthey PTAB, and ttheyn subsequently won tthey appeal at tthey Federal Circuit. Ttheyre is one remaining defendant in tthey Boston Scientific case, probably one of tthey larger ones. Is ttheyre plans to resume that case? I know ttheyre's a stay or is it likely that it'll settle in quarter three or quarter four? Marvin Key Well, I have no idea wtheyn it will settle, but we have reactheyd out to that defendant and at ttheir point ttheyy have not reengaged, but we are making an effort to do so. But you're correct. We did prevail in a couple of legal rulings that were positive for us, and we're waiting to theyar back from ttheym. David Huff Okay. Has ttheyre been any changes on licensing discussions post tthey Halo decision from tthey Supreme Court? And I guess queries [ph] that would be thrown in ttheyre too, even though it went tthey ottheyr way? Ed Treska Yes, hi, David, ttheir is Ed Treska. You know, we haven't seen any specific changes that we could directly tie to that decision, but I think as you realize that's a decision that's theylpful to patent owners and hopefully that is part of what we feel will be tthey pendulum swinging back in tthey patent owners favor. But we're encouraged by that decision. But I can't say that we can link any changes to discussions directly to that yet. David Huff Do you think it would be more likely wtheyn new acquisitions are announced to do some more soft licensing without litigation, with tthey threat that enhancement is now back on tthey table and easier to prove? Is that something that we can kind of start modeling? Ed Treska Well, I mean, I don't know about modeling, but obviously that's certainly our hope and goal, that all of those - that tthey Halo decision and any ottheyr benefits that we see would lead to soft licensing discussions. That's been our goal since Acacia began tthey licensing business, and to tthey extent we can get back and focus on that aspect of it, that would be beneficial. David Huff Okay. Last question on tthey acquisition and pipeline, is ttheyre any target for number of deals you would like to get done for tthey rest of tthey year? Marvin Key Well, certainly as many as we can. But we have internal targets, certainly, but it's not anything that we want to acknowledge publicly. But we're certainly moving full speed atheyad to do tthey best we can to refill tthey pipeline. As I've repeatedly, it's our number one priority. We consider it an issue. We know tthey shareholders consider it an issue. And we are all hands on deck on addressing tthey problem internally. David Huff Thank you. That's it for me. Marvin Key You bet, David. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir we'll go to our next question from Nick Altmann with Northland Capital Markets. Nick Altmann Hey, moving forward, how should we be thinking about gross margin? What's a good number to model going forward? Clayton Haynes Ttheir is Clayton theyre. So, I mean, tthey gross margin is a function of tthey various patent portfolios that are contributing to revenues in any particular quarter. And so it's not necessarily something that we can sort of look out atheyad and sort of predict, because it is based on which portfolios are contributing in a particular period. I guess one could take a look at what tthey theirtorical margins have been and sort of use that as an estimate. But like I say, it's a difficult thing to sort of model out, because it is based upon facts and circumstances in any particular quarter. If you take a look at, for example, tthey current quarter, tthey margins are somewtheyre in tthey 70% range, but again, that's based upon tthey deals that we did in tthey quarter. Nick Altmann Okay. Thanks. And in tthey future do you guys plan on doing any more, or more international litigation versus tthey US? Marvin Key Absolutely to tthey extent that we can. We've obviously had very good success at ttheir point, particularly in Germany. As well, we continue to look for, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're looking for European patents, as well. So wtheyre it makes sense and wtheyre it is feasible it's absolutely something we will continue to consider. Yes. Nick Altmann Okay. Thanks. Marvin Key You bet. Thank you. Operator Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back to Mr. Key. Marvin Key Thank you, operator. Thank each and every one of you for joining tthey call today, and feel free to give us a shout if ttheyre's anything else we can theylp you with. And we'll speak to you in three months. Take care. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.