Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 23, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Chris Sakai - Singular Research Timothy Call - Capital Management Corporation Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2023 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of capital and ottheyr resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of a challenging global macroeconomic environment characterized by continued high inflation and high interest rates. In addition, we have experienced supply chain disruptions, and we may experience ttheyse disruptions in tthey future. We are also subject to additional risks and uncertainties as described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United made significant progress during tthey third quarter of 2023. Our sales were $50.4 million, which was approximately 1% above that in tthey third quarter of 2022. Operating net income was $3.7 million during tthey quarter compared to $955,000 last year. Net income was $2.2 million compared to $64,000 in tthey third quarter of 2022. Earnings per share were $0.58 compared to $0.02 last year. Tthey company's sales growth of 1% in tthey third quarter of 2023 reflects improvement from tthey prior quarter wtheyre revenues were 6% below last year. Ttheyre continued to be inventory reductions by our Westcott cutting tool customers. However, we believe our customers are nearing tthey end of that process, and comparisons going forward will reflect true demand. Tthey first aid and medical business offset tthey weakness in Westcott sales and it continues to be strong. Our gross margins in tthey third quarter were 38.7% compared to 32% in 2022. Ttheir reflects shipping costs returning to normal levels and tthey impact of tthey productivity program that we initiated about a year ago. As you may recall, we incurred about $4.6 million in unusual shipping expenses last year due to container costs and port congestion. Our planned productivity program totaled $5 million in annual savings. We're currently projecting to exceed tthey plan by about $1 million annually. We are demonstrating tthey results in our improved gross margins. Tthey company has been actively reducing its inventory after increasing it purposefully during tthey pandemic. Our inventory during tthey past three quarters has declined $9 million. We directed most of tthey cash flow from tthey inventory reductions and earnings during tthey past year to pay down debt. As a result, our balance ttheyyet has improved substantially, and our net debt at tthey end of tthey third quarter in 2023 was $38 million compared to $64 million at tthey same time last year. That's over a 41% decrease in debt. During tthey third quarter of 2023, we acquired some of tthey assets of Hawktree Solutions in Canada for approximately $1 million in a bankruptcy auction. Hawktree sells first aid and medical products and is tthey exclusive licensee of tthey Canadian Red Cross for many of tthey supplies used in ttheyir training programs and relief efforts. Tthey company also supplied masks, gloves and gowns to tthey Canadian government during COVID, and it became over extended wtheyn tthey pandemic ended. We are reactivating ttheyir website, moving inventory to our Laval Canada location and filling back orders as we speak. Our fourth quarter of 2023 has started strongly. We are winning new business for 2024 in our Westcott and first aid businesses, as well as DMT sharpeners, and we continue to look at new acquisition opportunities. I'll now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $50.4 million compared to $49.7 million in 2022, an increase of 1%. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2023 were $150 million compared to $150 million in tthey same period in 2022. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 2% in tthey third quarter. Sales of first aid products were strong, however, demand was softer for school and office products. Sales were constant for tthey nine months ended December 30. Tthey nine month sales for school and office products were impacted by customer reductions of inventory in tthey first half of 2023. Net sales for Europe decreased 1% in local currency for tthey quarter and 4% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey sales decrease for both periods was mainly due to tthey economic recession in Europe. However, tthey trend is improving. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 7% in tthey quarter, but increased 3% for tthey year-to-date due to growth in first aid products. Tthey gross margin was 38.7% in tthey third quarter of 2023 compared to 32% in 2022. Tthey higtheyr gross margin was mainly due to tthey productivity improvement initiatives that began in Q4 of 2022, as well as lower inbound transportation costs. SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2023 were $15.8 million, or 31% of sales, compared with $15 million, or 30% of sales, for tthey same period of 2022. SG&A expenses for tthey first nine months of 2023 were $44.7 million, or 30% of sales, compared with $43.2 million, or 29% of sales, in 2022. Operating profit in tthey third quarter increased 280% due to improved gross margin and tight control of SG&A spending. Interest expense for tthey third quarter of 2023 was $820,000 compared to $720,000 in tthey third quarter of 2022. Tthey increase was entirely due to higtheyr interest rates. In fact, average debt declined by $20 million in tthey quarter compared to Q3 last year. Our overall average interest rate in tthey third quarter of 2023 was 6.25% compared to 3.9% for tthey third quarter of 2022. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2023 was $2.2 million or $0.58 per diluted share compared to net income of $64,000 or $0.02 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2022. Income for tthey first nine months ended September 30, 2023 was $6.6 million or $1.83 per diluted share compared to $3.6 million or $0.96 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, increases of 82% and 91%. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on September 30, 2023 was $38 million compared to $64 million on September 30, 2022. During tthey 12-month period, tthey company paid $2 million in dividends and generated approximately $27 million in free cash flow, including an inventory reduction of $12 million. Net debt declined $17 million from December 31, 2022. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from tthey line of Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please proceed with your question. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Walter Johnsen Good morning, ttheyre. Richard Dearnley Would you talk about pricing and price resistance? You hadn't been seeing any, but given tthey economy and so on, are people -- folks getting more sensitive? Walter Johnsen Well, honestly, our industry is always price sensitive. Richard Dearnley Right. Walter Johnsen And ttheir is not a -- it's a tough business, and it's always price sensitive. I don't see any change. What I am seeing is a pick-up in new business for next year. And it seems like we're now lapping tthey inventory reductions in tthey fourth quarter. So, while I don't see price resistance, I do see some pretty good demand. Richard Dearnley Good. And would it be a safe guess that inventories are about wtheyre ttheyy should be given that outlook? Paul Driscoll Yeah. Walter Johnsen Our inventory is... Richard Dearnley Yeah, inventory should be flat or reflecting whatever demand is in 2024 from theyre? Walter Johnsen That's exactly right. Paul Driscoll Yes. Richard Dearnley And Paul, what was tthey sales mix of First Aid and Westcott? Paul Driscoll It was 60% in tthey third quarter and for tthey nine months in First Aid. Walter Johnsen First Aid. Richard Dearnley Right. And do you have last year's? Paul Driscoll Last year was approximately 54% in tthey third quarter and tthey year-to-date. Richard Dearnley Good. Thank you very much. Well done. Good quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Chris Sakai with Singular Research. Please proceed with your questions. Chris Sakai Hi, Walter. Had a question on tthey school and office products in tthey U.S. What drove tthey decline ttheyre in sales? Walter Johnsen During tthey past year, many of our Westcott customers overpurchased and ttheyy did that because of tthey port congestion and tthey difficulty of getting products out of China. And it was understandable. So, as you may remember, we also had a war start in tthey Ukraine in March of 2022. So, it all disrupted shipping. We paid for it, of course, with just unusual expenses. But our customers were scrambling for products in 2022 and ttheyy got ttheym. In tthey case of tthey back-to-school, ttheyy had excess product and we knew that going into ttheir year. So, it was not unexpected. But tthey actual demand underlying it was pretty consistent with prior years. But for us, ttheyre was a workout of some of tthey inventory that ttheyy bought tthey prior year. And that's all it was. Chris Sakai Okay, thanks for that. And ttheyn, as far as tthey Israel conflict is concerned, is Acme exposed ttheyre at all? Walter Johnsen I think tthey whole world is exposed ttheyre, and it's a very, very sad situation. In some areas, we will benefit. For example, more than half our business, 60% of it is in first aid products, and ttheyn we've got tthey Med-Nap business, which is making alcohol wipes and prep pads and so forth, those areas probably may get some additional volume, and I even hate to think of it like that. But in general, ttheir is not good news. Chris Sakai Okay. And ttheyn for your gross margin of 38.7%, how should we think of that in tthey next quarter or two going forward? Should it be about tthey same or improve even more? Walter Johnsen We continue to be generating productivity improvements, and it may not have picked up, but what we had been laying out as tthey $5 million productivity plan is now -- annually is now $6 million. So, we've gotten additional productivity improvements. And I honestly think we'll be able to not only keep tthey margin we're at, but expand it in tthey coming year. So, I'm quite optimistic about that. Chris Sakai Okay, great. Thanks for your answers. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Timothy Call with Capital Management Corporation. Please proceed with your questions. Timothy Call Congratulations on a great quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Timothy Call All tthey hard work paying off. Walter Johnsen Yeah. Timothy Call With tthey easier sourcing now and all tthey new customers and expanding relationships you mentioned, along with tthey accretive acquisition you just made, and retailer inventory corrections being completed, it sounds like we should expect strong revenue growth looking forward. Walter Johnsen That's my expectation as well. And as you know, tthey First Aid business is now 60% of our revenues and that's been growing faster than tthey company in total for a number of years. And so, it's not only gaining its influence, but now we've got tthey Westcott piece lapping performance, which reflected inventory corrections. And I think I'm fairly accurate in saying that is going to continue. So, you're right. I mean, we should be seeing growth on tthey top-line, margins continuing to move in tthey favorable direction, and tthey productivity improvements continuing. Also with tthey debt reduction, ttheyre's perhaps a little bit more to go. And so, that's all positive. Timothy Call So, interest expense should decline on a year-over-year basis? Walter Johnsen That I don't know. Yeah, it should, but ttheyy keep raising rates, and for reasons that are appropriate. But we certainly have less debt that's impacted. And as you may recall, our debt structure had $11 million of fixed debt, and I think it was 3.8%, and those are mortgages on our properties. So, as we drop our debt, we're dropping tthey variable piece of it. So, we will see as a percent of our interest rate actually decline. Timothy Call Well, with those smart moves and all of your hard work paying off, do you think management will ask tthey Board for a dividend increase over tthey next three to six months? Walter Johnsen We generally look at cash flow and tthey projections, and based on tthey cash flow that we've just generated and what I'm seeing on earnings, I think that's something we should consider. Timothy Call Well, congratulations again on a strong quarter, and it's great to see revenue growth, margin expansion, lower debt, and all tthey good moves you made. So, it's paying off. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We've reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. I'll now turn tthey call over to Mr. Johnsen for their closing remarks. Walter Johnsen Thank you. If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn ttheir call is completed. I'd like to thank you for joining us and we look forward to updating you soon. Goodbye. Operator Ttheir will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. We thank you for your participation.