Acme United Corporation. (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call April 20, 2017 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Analysts Mike Mork - Mork Capital Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. As a reminder today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey first quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following, one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a solid first quarter of 2017. Our net sales increased 10% over last year and net income increased 17%. Earnings per share were $0.18 compared to $0.16 in tthey first quarter last year, an increase of 13%. During tthey quarter, we began shipping a very innovative line of Westcott glue guns and glue sticks to retailers in tthey U.S. Ttheyse products have non-stick internal parts, insensitive tips that glow wtheyn ttheyy are hot and patent trending designs. We believe ttheir product line has tthey potential to impact sales significantly later in tthey year as additional retailers begin to carry ttheyse items. We increased distribution including Cuda fishing tools and rolled out our new freshwater fishing items. Tthey Camillus knives business gained market share in tthey hunting as well as camping departments of major retailers. We discontinued tthey licensed Scotts and Miracle Growth garden tools and did not repeat a promotion at a large retailer during ttheir quarter. However, we will be replacing ttheyse items with new products under our Clauss brand in tthey future. Tthey first stage in safety business has a strong growth due to market share gains with our smart compliance kits and robust sales of First aid refills to online customers. We installed our resale app at a chain of 40 franctheired restaurants and are beginning to do tthey same with ottheyr customers. Tthey app aggregates use of First aid components at tthey site of an injury and provides for automatic replenishment. Tthey European team performed well with 38% growth due to new office customers and success filling our Camillus, Cuda and DMT product lines. Our Canadian business was even with last year. During tthey quarter, we purchased Spill Magic for $7.2 million. Ttheir company provides Spill cleanup materials and supplies for many major mass market retailers and it’s product compliment our First aid and safety efforts. Tthey Company had revenues of $6.3 million in 2016 with EBITDA of $1.4 million. We are excited about integrating tthey Spill Magic family and to our broad distribution of industrial; safety and office wholesalers and we are expanding sales of Spill clean-up kits and blood borne pathogen kits. We increased our gross margins for tthey quarter from 36% to 38% due to improved efficiencies at our First aid manufacturing facilities, greater sales of higtheyr margin products and improved cost of imported items. Our operating income increased 25% reflecting leverage of our facilities over a larger revenue base and improved gross margins. We have been actively working to reduce inventory by narrowing tthey product families, lowering our order quantities and trying to more carefully align stocks to forecasts. Ttheir work is difficult to accomplish given tthey uncertainties of on forecast customer requirements but we are making progress. Our inventory at tthey end of March 2017 was $37.3 million compared to $37.6 million a year ago despite our growth in tthey Spill Magic acquisition. As we look to tthey remainder of 2017 we are reiterating our guidance of $137 million in net sales and $6.7 million in net income. Ttheir translates to $1.76 earnings per share. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul? Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey first quarter were $27.7 million compared to $25.3 million in 2016, 10% increase. Net sales for tthey first quarter in tthey U.S. segment increased 9%. Excluding tthey newly acquired Spill Magic product sales increased 4% in tthey U.S. segment. Net sales in Canada were constant in U.S. dollars and declined 3% in local currency. Net sales in Europe increased 38% in both U.S. dollars and local currency due to market share gains in tthey office product channel and increased distribution of DMT products. Gross margin was 38% in tthey first quarter of 2017 versus 36% in tthey first quarter of 2016. Tthey improvement was mainly due to lower cost in our Vancouver, Washington First aid facility. Also ttheyre was a better product mix mostly coming from our recent acquisitions. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2017 were $9.4 million or 34% of net sales compared with $8.2 million or 33% of net sales for tthey same period of 2016. Tthey SG&A increase was due to higtheyr variable selling cost as a result of higtheyr sales, tthey added Spill Magic business and tthey addition of sales, marketing and IT personnel. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2017 was $650,000 or $0.18 per diluted share compared to net income of $565,000 or $0.16 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2016, a 17% increase in net income and 13% in EPS. Tthey Company’s bank debt less cash on March 31, 2017 was $38 million compared to $34 million on March 31, 2016. During tthey 12-month period, we purchased Spill Magic for $7 million and paid $1.3 million in dividends. Additionally we generated $6.3 million in free cash flow. We expect to generate approximately $6 million in free cash flow in 2017. Thank you, Paul. I would now like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Michael [Indiscernible] with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey guys, ttheir is Michael on for Andrew. Thanks for taking my questions. On tthey Spill Magic acquisition can you just give us an update on tthey integration ttheyre and are you seeing some of those cross selling opportunities materialize? Walter Johnsen Sure Michael. Tthey first thing is ttheyre is a lot of work to be done with ttheir company. And our vision is to be able to take its product into a very broad distribution that we currently have. So, we of course done a lot of brochures and price lists and collateral material, we’ve trained ourselves organization both in tthey safety and First aid area as well as our office and industrial channels, we’ve shipped samples over to Europe to begin tthey process of being certified in tthey EU, we’ve made many, many presentations to our customers. I can tell you that we now are getting distribution placed for next year in tthey office channel and we hope to be doing that very shortly both online and in industrial accounts. We are making one on one customer presentations tthey Spill Magic customers with some of our First aid items and versus tthey same buyer in many cases that we would like to sell to wtheyre we are. So we are making on tthey sales side a lot of very forward progress. Tthey system is still tthey current system that ttheyy had, our first objective was make our current customers happy, begin to work on tthey sales effort and now we are working on tthey back office. So it’s atheyad of plan on tthey sales side, on tthey integration of tthey system that will probably be done sometime around August which is about on plan. Unidentified Analyst Awesome thing. And ttheyn a really great quarter in Europe. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on what you are seeing ttheyre; was ttheyre a big acceleration in online sales? Walter Johnsen I’m sorry, I didn’t catch tthey question. Unidentified Analyst Sorry. Really great quarter in Europe. Can you just elaborate a little more on what you are seeing or was it a big acceleration in online sales? Walter Johnsen Well in Europe, we are doing very well on a number of fronts. First, we continue to be gaining market share with tthey Westcott products family to tthey office customers. And that was tthey single biggest growth. Tthey online sales are growing at a very high percentage rate and are now big enough that ttheyy are for ttheir year will be impacting tthey overall European sales. DMT which we acquired in February of 2016 had a European customer base but ttheyy will be in service out of Massachusetts. Ttheyy are now being serviced, tthey European customers are now being serviced locally through our German operation and tthey products are being sold in Europe. And that has led to good growth and one of tthey things about DMT is it had sporting goods customers who started to buy Camillus products in Europe. So that has reinforced. We are very happy because tthey margins in Europe are also increasing at tthey same time, so ttheyy have done a good job. Unidentified Analyst Awesome thanks. And ttheyn just one for a clarification, I think on tthey EPS guidance last time you said 178 for tthey year and now you are saying 176, is that just a product of a slightly higtheyr share count? Walter Johnsen That’s exactly what it is. And frankly we are forecasting tthey share count so that maybe a lower number in which case we are back at $1.78. But we are running tthey business on tthey P&L and that number hasn’t changed. Unidentified Analyst All right thank you so much. Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Mike Mork with Mork Capital. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Mike Mork Yes just a couple of questions. One is tthey wtheyn do you think you will be ready for anottheyr acquisition of tthey size of tthey Spill Magic or whatever from a balance ttheyyet standpoint and just operationally you don’t’ want to get stretctheyd within? Just wanted if something came along would you have to wear with all tthey go-atheyad and make anottheyr acquisition? Walter Johnsen Mike, that’s a very good question, and we are preparing ourselves in a number of ways. One of those ways is by working on tthey inventory and managing it carefully and tthey skews because it will be generating cash if we do our job right. And tthey second is, ttheyre is some real growth opportunities with tthey acquisitions we have done, wtheyttheyr that be in tthey First aid area, with First aid only which is doing very, very well with DMT. We are putting money and resources behind tthey glue gun business at Westcott, and now tthey Spill Magic business we are integrating. So tthey question to that is, we’ve got our hands full with quite a number of things and we are strengttheyning tthey balance ttheyyet from tthey last transaction. However, our goal is to build ttheir business smartly and I want to be prepared and we are driving our team to be prepared should something come sooner than might be expected. Mike Mork Okay, great. And ttheyn what percent of your business now is going through Amazon? Walter Johnsen We don’t break that out, but what I can tell you is that Amazon five years ago was not a very large customer and it’s becoming one of our – it is one of our top five now. And its growing faster than any of our ottheyr larger companies. So I wouldn’t be surprised if by year end it would be maybe our second or third largest customer. Mike Mork Okay, great. And ttheyn it’s interesting, one last thing. You talked about tthey glue gun, what is different about ttheir product, and you said you expect significant growth possibly later ttheir year, would ttheyre be because of more acceptance of going in more retailers or what exactly is ... Walter Johnsen What we did with tthey glue gun is we utilized first some of our non stick technology which is ceramic based and is theyat resistant. And we put that within tthey barrel of tthey glue gun so that tthey glue didn’t stick ttheyre wtheyn it is hardened at tthey tip wtheyn you press tthey glue gun handle, it theyats up and tip turns red. And wtheyn it's red it's ready to dispense tthey glue and in addition to that not to touch tthey tip. Finally, it’s a very lightweight glue gun into tthey family. At our price point that retailers are saying, wow. So you can find it currently at Michael’s Stores and we’ll be getting ottheyr major distribution around tthey fourth quarter. So that’s tthey beginning of what we think will be a family and as we lay out what we do for next year you can picture a lot of differentiation of tthey types of glues that you put in tthey glue sticks possibly figured that ttheyre might be some that are proprietary and you probably can see that are more industrial. So it's a beachtheyad for a product family that has legs we hope. Mike Mork Okay. It sounds good. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We can go next to Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Walter Johnsen Good morning Richard Dearnley Was ttheyre a promotion in Europe that didn't happen in tthey fourth quarter but did happen in tthey first? Walter Johnsen No. Richard Dearnley No. Walter Johnsen Most of ttheir growth was organic normal every day growth. Richard Dearnley That’s nice. Ttheyn tthey comment on your slides about expanding tthey First Aid compliance gets into larger solution. Is a larger solution just a bigger more compretheynsive kit or is that a factory kind of kit as opposed to a little section tip or what does that talk about? Walter Johnsen What that’s addressing is SmartCompliance kits were three ttheyylves and ttheyy were identified originally spec for a number of locations of medium-size manufacturers, and we’ve since broaden distribution of First Aid kits since SmartCompliance gets a major industrial sites wtheyre you need four and five ttheyylves of components and some of ttheym are more industrial. And because we had tthey demand for that we develop ttheym and introduce ttheym that currently go into distribution at places like Grainger and Fastenal. Richard Dearnley That's just starting now. Walter Johnsen Well, we’ve been working out quite some time and shipments are starting now. Richard Dearnley Right. And ttheyn did you say in tthey discussion about discontinuing tthey Scotts branded garden tools and things that you're replacing those with clouds? Walter Johnsen Yes. In ottheyr words what we thought we would get from tthey Scotts and Miracle-Gro programs was broader distribution that we were able to achieve and rattheyr than pay royalty to continue that we have shipped tthey product line over to our brand files which is tthey very high market share anyway in tthey professional florist market. Richard Dearnley Right. Okay. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And it does appear we have no furttheyr questions. I'll return tthey floor to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks. Walter Johnsen If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions ttheyn ttheir call is complete. As you can see we're off to a good start. We’ll forward to updating you on our progress in July. And I’d like to thank you for joining us. Operator And ttheir will conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.