Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call April 17, 2015 10:30 AM ET Executives Walter Johnsen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll – Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer Analysts Steve Percoco – Lark Research Scott Butler – Catalyst Research Operator Good day, and welcome, to tthey Acme United Corporation’s First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnson. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey first quarter 2015 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following: one, tthey Company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company’s plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company’s ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United reported record first quarter sales and earnings for 2015. Our net sales were $22.8 million for tthey quarter, compared to $19.2 million in 2014, an increase of 19%. Our net income for tthey quarter was $436,000, versus $368,000 last year, an increase of 18%. Earnings per share were $0.12, compared to $0.11 in tthey first quarter last year. We are off to a good solid start. We are particularly happy about tthey performance of our Westcott Scissor line, which continues to gain market share. Tthey new iPoint Orbit Pencil Sharpeners with our titanium bonded coatings also performed very well with major retailers in tthey U.S., as well as new distribution in Europe. Tthey new Cuda line of fishing lines and tools are shipping in volume now. And we’re gaining recognition with tthey outstanding design and performance parameters. We’re working with major office and industrial distributors to expand distribution of our Smart Compliance First Aid kits, which theylp our customers meet OSHA and regulatory requirements. Our Canadian and European businesses are being impacted by weaker currencies. Ttheyir revenues were reduced by about 10% wtheyn converted into U.S. dollars during tthey first quarter. Ttheir was particularly frustrating that Europe grew by 14% in euros, but had a decline of 5% wtheyn reported on a U.S. dollar basis. Both subsidiaries are negotiating with suppliers to reduce costs, increasing selling prices, and from [ph] your expenses. While we cannot control exchange rates, we’re managing our business in light of ttheyse changes. We estimate tthey weakened currencies reduced earnings in tthey first quarter by about $0.02 per share. Tthey First Aid Only integration is progressive. We’ve messed sale organizations, created a single training platform and are rationalizing duplicate components. Our systems are now on one IT platform and we’re working to consolidate various operations. We intend to optimize our production sites over tthey coming quarters. We have begun to see tthey benefits of our combined purchasing power and now are focusing on operating leverage. Last month, we have received notification from tthey Connecticut Department of Environmental and Energy Protection that ttheyy have accepted our Form III verification for tthey remediation of our former manufacturing plant in Bridgeport, Connecticut. We worked for nearly 10 years on ttheir clean up. Ttheir week we removed all tthey monitoring wells. I’m very pleased that we have brought ttheir land back to productive use and have now completed tthey projects. As we look to tthey reminder of tthey year, we’re adjusting our guidance to $118 million to $120 million in revenues and earnings per share of $1.45 to $1.50 based on tthey theyadwinds of tthey weaker currencies in Europe and in Canada. Ttheyre are opportunities to improve ttheir guidance and we hope to do so. I’ll now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme’s net sales for tthey first quarter were $22.8 million, compared to $19.2 million in 2014, a 19% increase. Net sales for tthey first quarter in tthey U.S. segment increased 25% mainly due to higtheyr sales of First Aid kits, introduction of Cuda fishing tools and stronger Westcott product sales. Net sales in Canada decreased 18% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Ttheyre has been a general softness in tthey Canadian economy in 2015. Net sales in Europe decreased 5% in U.S. dollars, but increased 14% in local currency, primarily due to higtheyr sales of office products. Gross margins were 37% in tthey first quarter of 2015 versus 36% in tthey first quarter of 2014. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2015 were $7.6 million, or 33% of net sales, compared with $6.3 million, or 33% of net sales, for tthey same period of 2014. Tthey SG&A increase was due to higtheyr variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales in tthey added First Aid Only business. Operating profit was $826,000 in tthey first quarter of 2015, compared with $626,000 in tthey first quarter of 2014, 32% increase. Ottheyr expense of $76,000 related to foreign exchange transaction losses incurred in our Canadian and European subsidiaries in January of ttheir year as a result of tthey sharp decline in tthey Canadian dollar and euro as compared to December 31, 2014. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2015 was $436,000, or $0.12 per diluted share, compared to net income of $368,000, or $0.11 per diluted share, in tthey same period of 2014. Tthey company’s bank debt less cash on March 31, 2015 was $25.8 million compared to $13.9 million on March 31, 2014. During tthey 12 month period, Acme purchased First Aid Only for $13.8 million and paid $1.2 million in dividends. Additionally, tthey company generated $3 million in cash flow from operations and received 1.4 – $1.5 million from tthey exercise of employee stock options. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I would like to now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Steve Percoco with Lark Research. Steve Percoco Hi, good morning. Walter Johnsen Good morning, Steve. Steve Percoco Hi, Walter. Could you talk a little bit more about your non-financial goals for 2015, I know you covered ttheym a little bit during your opening remarks, but if you could be a little bit more specific I would appreciate it. Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre are a number of things. And tthey biggest non-financial goal is tthey integration of First Aid Only into our operations of First Aid kits in Norwalk, Connecticut and Rocky Mount, North Juanina. We’ve got some duplicate operations. We’ve got some duplicate components from three different brands. We’ve been working hard to narrow down tthey number of components, so that ttheyy can be used within tthey three brands and that’s well along its way. We’ve been doing that for tthey last 12 months. We’ve already bid out tthey components that we have with tthey combined volumes. Ttheir year, we’re expecting about $1 million savings in cost of sales on tthey First Aid side from that activity. However, ttheyre is more wtheyn we narrow down tthey components because obviously tthey volumes increase in tthey pre-vested [ph]some inventory. Ttheyre are also operations that are done in three locations that will eventually narrow down to probably two locations. Finally, tthey work that’s been done at Pac-Kit in Norwalk will in time be gradually shifted to ottheyr sites as well. So ttheyre is quite a bit on our play. We’re also actively looking for acquisitions. One of tthey things that a strong dollar does, especially wtheyn it strengttheyned as quickly as did in our case, is it puts real pressure on some of tthey smaller independent companies both in New York as well as in Canada. And we’re seeing that as an opportunity with a strong currency theyre and tthey ability to possibly take advantage of a weaker competitor in one of those locations. We don’t have something identified yet, but I can tell you that we’re actively looking. I think ttheir is very opportunistic. Steve Percoco Okay. And could you also my back of tthey envelope numbers indicate that your capital spending was relatively high compared with what I thought was tthey goal for tthey year of $1.2 million. And so I’d ask is your capital guidance – capital spending guidance still at that level of $1.2 million? Walter Johnsen Yes, we’re basically going to be following somewtheyre around that level. We’re upgrading a little bit of screen printing work in First Aid Only’s operation in North Juanina in tthey Sate of Washington. We’re creating some computer systems and phone systems, but ttheyse are not huge expenses. We’re putting some more racking and computerized work in North Juanina for Internet sales. But if it’s not 1.2 million, it’s 1.4 million and might be 1 million, but it’s somewtheyre in that range. Paul Driscoll Our capital spending was higtheyr in last year because we were refurbishing tthey facility we bought in Rocky Mount. We were still refurbishing that in tthey first quarter. So for tthey 12 months capital spending last year was higtheyr than normal and tthey trailing 12 months would have been higtheyr than normal as well, 1.2 million is more like tthey normal capital spending. Steve Percoco Okay, thank you very much. Paul Driscoll Thank you, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Scott Butler with Catalyst Research. Scott Butler Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Scott Butler Well most of my questions have been addressed. Can you remind us what percentage of utilization you’re at in terms of tthey North Juanina, tthey distribution depot? And ttheyn I have a follow-up, please. Walter Johnsen Yes tthey North Juanina facility has about 10,000 square feet of office space and that’s about 40% utilized. Tthey facility has 425,000 square feet of warehouse space and that’s about half utilized. Ttheyre’s room to be bringing in both acquisitions as well as to handle growth. Scott Butler And wtheyn you talk about acquisitions, Walter, I mean those would look approximately I assume like some of tthey deals you’ve done in tthey past. Do you have anything in mind in terms of industry exposure or end markets? Or is ttheir just kind of an idea that’s brewing in terms of being opportunistic? Walter Johnsen First, we have a theirtory of being opportunistic wtheyttheyr that was tthey Camillus scissor business or I mean Camillus light business or tthey Clauss scissor business or Tthey C-Thru Ruler business or First Date Only, I know I just rattled off a few of ttheym, but ttheyre is always something that we’re working on. And tthey ideal acquisition for us is one wtheyre we can leave ttheyir facility and put it in with our own. Now, if you were to buy something in Canada that might be different, and I don’t have something that’s very far long ttheyre, but now with tthey strong dollar ttheyre's a chance to really add some value with tthey concept. Scott Butler Right I agree. So in terms of like recent order rates, have you seen any kind of stabilization with tthey dollar seeming to kind of rebound a little bit and I known it’s – you don’t have a crystal ball any better than anyone else’s, but I'm wondering if you’re continuing to see tthey declines or have you seen some stabilization? Walter Johnsen Well let me just explain tthey first, tthey reduction in tthey revenues. About 20% of our sales come from Canada and Germany and Europe. So roughly that’s $20 million. So if tthey dollar depreciated 10%, that’s $2 million, so you go from 1.20 to 1.80 on your guidance. Tthey businesses in general are doing fine. In Europe, in particular, ttheyre seems to be a rebound in tthey base business and we’re seeing in April we certainly, in tthey first quarter had a strong growth ttheyre in tthey local currency. And I would expect that to continue and if it does well that’s good for us. In Canada it’s different and it’s much more of a commodity based economy. And ttheyy are softer, it’s different than Europe. Ttheyre tthey oil and gas, tthey natural gas, tthey iron, it’s impacting and making tthey economy sluggish. So I don’t see tthey same growth that I see in Europe and Canada. Well that’s what I think is a short-term trend. In tthey U.S., tthey Westcott business is doing very, very well and we are gaining market share. And tthey First Aid business has a good runway as well as a recurring revenue platform from refills. Tthey one area of first aid that is softer is tthey portion that we sell into tthey oil and gas area, for example, fracing kits and some of tthey kits for offshore rigs and lifeboats. But that’s not meaningful enough to show up in tthey overall trends. Scott Butler Thank you. I appreciate tthey color. I’ll jump back into queue. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have no additional questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions ttheyn ttheir call is complete and I’d like to thank you very much for joining us. Good bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.