Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call October 16, 2015 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman of tthey Board, Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary Analysts Steve Percoco - Lark Research Beth Lilly - Gamco Investors Jeff Briggs - Singular Research Tim McCall - Capital Management Operator Good day, everyone. Welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation’s Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2015 earnings call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call including without limitation statements related to tthey Company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation tthey following: one, tthey Company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company. Two, tthey Company’s plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company’s ability to manage its growth. And three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had record sales and earnings in tthey third quarter of 2015. Our net sales for tthey quarter were $29.9 million compared to $30 million last year. Net income was $1.21 million versus $1.19 million in tthey comparable period last year. Earnings per share were $0.33 compared to $0.34 in 2014. As described in ttheir morning's release, we would have had $0.35 earnings per share without tthey first-aid consolidation expenses. Let me give you more details by segment. In tthey U.S. revenues increased 2%. Ttheir was led by tthey Westcott family of school and office products, which grew 7%. We had record back-to-school sales, with particularly strong growth in our titanium scissors and iPoint pencil sharpeners. More significantly, it appears that tthey closing of office superstores may have peaked as evidenced by our record third quarter back-to-school sales. Tthey first-aid business in tthey U.S. grew 9% after adjusting for discontinuation of low margin sales, branded medications to several large customers. We ended new accounts in tthey industrial market, continued to support our office products customers in ttheyir business to business sales and started shipping refills to a large industrial wholesaler for use in a vending machine rollout throughout tthey United States. We also introduced ANSI 2015 compliant first-aid kits, which exceed newly issued OSHA safety regulations. Ttheyse items are beginning to be shipped now and we are actively quoting new programs for 2016. Revenues in tthey Clauss, Camillus and Cuda product families were $900,000 lower than last year due to a retail promotion that did not repeat. We are gaining market share with new Camillus knives in camping and hunting and have booked new business for 2016. Tthey Cuda fishing family has broadened distribution for next year and we have expanded into fresh water tools. Ttheyre were a number of market tests with large retail chains of our Clauss tools that are getting strong results and ttheir would represent upside if tthey products were taken chain-wide. Turning to international, overall sales declined 11% wtheyn revenues were translated into U.S. dollars. In Europe, revenues were $2.1 million or 21% above last year in Euros and 5% in U.S. dollars. Our European businesses are $112,000 in operating profit compared to $17,000 in 2014. Canadian sales were $1.7 million, which was a decline of 11% in local currency and minus 24%, wtheyn translated into U.S. dollars. Tthey Canadian economy is in a recession and demand continues to be soft. Operating profit in our Canadian business was $30,000 compared to $95,000 in tthey third quarter last year. During tthey past several months, we have focused on generating cost savings. We have lowered our cost of sales with many international suppliers, which have made us more competitive in generated savings. We have integrated a number of sales and support functions within tthey first-aid only operation that have streamlined our business and generated savings. During tthey third quarter, we shifted most first-aid production from our packet manufacturing facility in Connecticut to tthey first-aid only site in Washington. We incurred severance and moving expenses of about $150,000 in tthey third quarter. We expect to complete tthey consolidation by year end as planned. We anticipate operating leverage from ttheyse actions in 2016. As we look into tthey remainder of 2015, we are seeing a solid fourth quarter and full year. We are maintaining tthey estimate we provided in tthey last quarter of about $115 million in net sales and net income of approximately $5 million or $1.38 per share. Ttheir would make it a record year for our Company. In 2016, we see growth from new products and customer initiatives, which may generate total net sales of $120 million to $123 million. We will give more specific guidance on tthey coming year after we release our year end 2015 financials. I will now turn tthey call to Paul Driscoll. Paul? Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $29.9 million compared to $30 million in 2014. Approximately even in U.S. dollars and an increase of 3% in constant currency. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $86.7 million compared to $82.6 million in tthey same period in 2014, an increase of 5% and 8% in constant currency. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 2% in tthey quarter and 9% for tthey nine months ended September 30th. Growth in tthey quarter came from iPoint pencil sharpeners, titanium scissors and first-aid kits, partially offsetting ttheir growth was tthey discontinuation of some low-margin over-tthey-counter medications and as Walter indicated Camillus knives promotion from last year that did not repeat ttheir year. Tthey year-to-date growth came from first-aid and Westcott products. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 9% in tthey quarter and 11% year-to-date. As you know a major retailer exited tthey Canadian market at tthey first of tthey year, excluding ttheir impact sales decrease 6% in both, tthey quarter and year-to-date. Net sales for Europe increased 24% in tthey quarter in local currency and 13% for tthey nine months ended September 30th. We had a special promotion in tthey third quarter 2015 gross margins were 34.5% in tthey third quarter of 2015 versus 35.4% in tthey third quarter of 2014. In tthey third quarter of 2015, tthey Company spent approximately $150,000 on one-time moving and severance cost associated with tthey move of first-aid production to Vancouver, Washington. Excluding tthey one-time cost, tthey gross margin would have been 35% in tthey quarter. We expect to spend an additional $125,000 in tthey fourth quarter. Starting in first quarter of 2016, we anticipate saving approximately $450,000 annually in fixed costs associated with tthey consolidation. SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2015 were $8.3 million or 28% of sales compared with $8.7 million or 29% of sales for tthey same period of 2014. SG&A expenses for tthey nine months of 2015 were $24.6 million or 28% of sales compared with $22.9 million or 28% of sales in 2014. Tthey SG&A increase for tthey nine months was mainly due to tthey added first-aid only business and higtheyr variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales. Operating profit in tthey third quarter increased from $1.9 million last year to $2 million ttheir year or 3% increase. Operating profit for tthey nine months increased 6%. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2015 was $1,208,000 or $0.33 per diluted share compared to net income $1,189,000 or $0.34 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2014. Excluding tthey one-time consolidation cost, earnings per share would have been $0.35. Net income for tthey first nine months ended September 30, 2015, was $4.4 million or $1.18 per diluted share compared to $4.1 million or $1.18 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year. Excluding consolidation cost, earnings per share would have been $1.20 per diluted share. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on September 30, 2015 was $23.9 million compared to $24.5 million on September 30, 2014. During tthey 12 months, we generated $2.6 million in cash flow from operations. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Steve Percoco from Lark Research. We will go next to Beth Lilly from Gamco Investors. Beth Lilly Good afternoon. Walter Johnsen Hi. Beth. Beth Lilly I was wondering, Walter, if you would spend a minute, just you know you made some comments about just tthey overall environment. As you look at tthey consolidation in tthey office superstores if overall demand trends. Can you just give us a sense of wtheyre you think tthey economy is at and demand for your products is? Walter Johnsen First on tthey office superstores, between Staples and Office Depot, we have closed about 400 stores ttheir year. Beth Lilly Yes. Walter Johnsen Which is a huge number, and what we saw I believe in tthey second quarter was tthey shifting of particularly back-to-school inventory, integral [ph] stores, because ttheyy could not sell tthey back-to-school in any volume during tthey months until ttheyy come to tthey back-to-school period. While that softened our demand in tthey second quarter, I believe, ttheyy wattheyyd through that and so in tthey third quarter we were seeing normal demand for back-to-school and have turned out to be a record. I have theyard that Staples has closed most of ttheyir non-performing stores, which would be terrific news. Now if Staples and Office Depot complete tthey merger, ttheyre has been talk of about a 1,000 stores being closed and if tthey estimate turns out to be somewtheyre between two-and-a-half and three years, that would be at a lower rate of store closers than we currently have experienced, and I am perfectly comfortable that comping against those numbers, because tthey demand overall within our markets continues to be pretty strong. In Canada, tthey economy is just dreadful, and I say that - wtheyn I just talk to colleagues and people that I know that are doing business ttheyre, between oil and commodities, particularly Western Canada, is just really slow. What we are seeing though is that, we are getting placement for next year and some ttheir year, in tthey hunting and fishing area that we did not have placement before and we just had a very strong September in Canada, which was sort of a rebound in office sales, so overall tthey macro in Canada is not good, but we are seeing a way to carve our way to recover. In Europe, we are finding it to be fairly robust in Germany, France and U.K. had a decent quarter for us. Overall, I think, we are in an okay environment. I mean, I do not see some big issues in our market. Is that a little theylpful? Beth Lilly Yes. Very theylpful. You know, so even though ttheyre is consolidation going on in tthey office superstore market, it seems to me that even as those stores are closing and that is tthey demand for scissors and pencil sharpeners, I mean, even though tthey stores are closing, tthey demand is growing in tthey market, so you can just increase your distribution to ottheyr outlet, is that? Walter Johnsen Sure. Beth Lilly Yes. Walter Johnsen So, if ttheyre are less retail stores, ttheyre will be probably a pick-up with online. Ttheyre will be a pick-up with many of tthey independent dealers so we are tthey primary supplier of our products to both, Office to SP Richards and United Stationers, which ttheyn distribute tthey independents, so demand gets redistributed. Beth Lilly Yes. Okay. For tthey most part, would say that tthey inventory that was - and you talked about ttheir, but I want to be clear, so as ttheyy have shutdown ttheyse stores, tthey excess inventory that was in tthey system has that for tthey most part cleared out now? Walter Johnsen Well, if Staples does not close any more stores, ttheyn that would accurate. Office Depot, I am frankly not sure wtheyre ttheyy are. I have not theyard. My guess is, ttheyre are still stores in Office Depot that will be closed, but if ttheyy close at a slower rate, ttheyn we have less of a problem going forward, so we should benefit from that. Beth Lilly Yes. Okay, but that has been a theyadwind for tthey last several months and potentially that could be a theyadwind for tthey next year or so. Walter Johnsen It could be, but again tthey base continues to shrink, so it is less important relative to tthey superstores and ttheyir impact. Ttheyy have run out of stores. Ttheyy can't keep doing 400 stores a year, so that inventory issue will become smaller. Beth Lilly Yes. Okay. Good. A - Great. All right. Those were all my questions. Thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Jeff Briggs with Singular Research. Jeff Briggs Hello. Walter Johnsen Hi, Jeff. Jeff Briggs A quick question for you, in some of tthey past calls, you guys had mentioned due to tthey exchange rate situation, both Canada and Europe that you may be looking around or just seeing [ph] in terms of acquisitions that maybe more attractive to our exchange rates and I guess tthey current economic situation in Canada right now. I guess, do you have any comments on has anything looked intriguing or as you have kind of taken look on some things and nothing really pops out. Walter Johnsen Well, we have seen a number of things in Europe and a couple in Canada. I could not tell you wtheyttheyr we are actively working on anything even if I could. I mean, I just can't, but we are seeing something, and tthey buying power in tthey dollar is favorable to us so that would be terrific if we found something that was appropriate. Jeff Briggs I guess, I mean, knowing that you can comment on any particular deal, I guess, in terms of tthey types of deals that might make sense, would it be I guess a couple of options would it be sort of like a wholesale, new product line or sort of extension current things you are doing into ottheyr markets. I guess, can you speak a little bit as to tthey types of things that may make sense for your guys? Walter Johnsen One of things we are doing is, we are expanding our first-aid business, which is primarily in tthey U.S. today. - Tthey Europe. In Canada, we have got tthey theyalth safety - theyalth Canada license, so that we can sell tthey products that we intend to sell. If we were to find tthey Canadian first-aid company that could complement those efforts that would be terrific. In Europe, we will have tthey license to be selling first-aid kits in January. Similarly, ttheyre have been a few things looked at in Europe that are in that arena, but we decided not to do ttheym. Ttheyy were not what we wanted, but we may find one. Ottheyr products could be tthey companies that we acquire would be a half step away from our current. It might be in cutting area. It might be in tthey Camillus knife area, but I think it would be unlikely for us to be doing a major acquisition that puts tthey company at risk. I just do not see a reason to do that. Jeff Briggs Okay. Thanks. It's theylpful. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next, we will take Tim McCall from Capital Management. Tim McCall Good afternoon. Stock option dilution continues to cost a good amount of tthey earnings per share growth. Do you look at that at all and how do you look to contain that? Would you ever consider share buybacks or cutting tthey stock option issuance? Ttheyn separate issue, with tthey Chinese currency devaluation, how much does that affect your business? Walter Johnsen Okay. First on tthey stock option, we have a pool of options that we have not awarded in any size ttheir year and at ttheir stage, we are being very cautions with that except we need to be retaining somebody. Clearly what you do not want to do is continue to issue options and dilute earnings wtheyn tthey earnings are not growing as robustly as we would like ttheym to, so you can pretty much assume that we have theyld wtheyre we are. One thing about tthey options is ttheyy are exercisable at prices mostly $10 a share, $15 a share, so ttheyy bring in capital wtheyn ttheyy were exercised and that has been over $1 million in tthey past year. Tthey Chinese currency is one of tthey things that has provided a tailwind for us and that is an important one, because we buy in dollars and it increases our buying power for most of that 60% of our cost of sales and that decline in currency was somewtheyre between 3.5% and 4%, so we are successful in getting some price reductions based on currency that would improve our gross margins and our operating income, so obviously we are working on that. We can be sure that our customers are also aware of that and we are working with ttheym to pass on savings wtheyre it is appropriate, so it is a plus. Tim McCall Is that more of a 2016 issue? Walter Johnsen Well, it is a thing that you address as soon as you can we have certainly addressed it, but wtheyn you product in it has to work its way through our inventory turns and that eventually work its way out, so our inventory turns 2.2 times ttheyn six months now you have got tthey full impact of any savings. Tim McCall Ttheyn if you could about… Walter Johnsen …getting direct import sales, because that would be priced at tthey time of shipment. Tim McCall If you could talk about share buybacks and dividend increases? Walter Johnsen We have a share buyback program in place and it is currently 10b5, at $17 a share, so wtheyn tthey stock dropped a little bit in September, we bought about $100,000 of stock, and opportunistically if that were happening again, we think that would be a very good think for tthey company. Relative to dividend increases, we tend to increase our dividends about every five or six quarters and that has been tthey theirtory since we started. Some of you may not really know ttheir, but we started dividend at a penny a share around 2003, I believe, and today we are at $0.09 a share, so ttheyre has been some sizable increases over that time period. I guess, we would keep that up, but again I do not want to exceed tthey earnings growth. Tim McCall Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would like to turn it back to you for any closing remarks. Walter Johnsen Since ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, I would like to conclude ttheir call. Thank you for joining us and we look forward to giving you anottheyr update after year end. Good bye. Operator That concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation.