Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2019 Results Conference Call July 19, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman and CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Kawamoto - D.A. Davidson Sam Namiri - Ridgewood Investments Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2019 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call including without limitation statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, tthey following: One, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United reported net sales of $40.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2019, up 1% from last year. Net income for tthey quarter was $2.7 million, compared to $2.4 million in tthey second quarter last year, an increase of 10%. Earnings per share were $0.77 compared to $0.67 last year, up 15%. Our sales during tthey quarter benefited from strong performance of our Cuda fishing tools and first aid and safety products. Our DMT diamond sharpeners, which as I mentioned last quarter, have been gaining a strong following worldwide, had production constraints which prevented growth. Sale for tthey Westcott back-to-school line was softer than last year. We are very pleased with tthey new Westcott glide scissors for precision cutting which have been well-received by end users. While revenues in tthey U.S. were approximately even, sales in Europe increased 22% with growth in Westcott office products, new first aid customers, and excellent execution of our online strategies. Revenues in Canada were 10% below last year, due to a decline in tthey office channel. We completed an expansion of our production of DMT at tthey end of June. Ttheir increases our capacity, and we're beginning to fill back orders. Demand from tthey DMT products have been particularly strong with our industrial and hardware accounts and in Europe. In tthey U.S., tthey tariffs on sharpening tools imported from China make our U.S. production of ttheyse items much more price competitive in tthey large mid-range market. We look forward to additional growth at DMT, now that we have new capacity. Our productivity continues to improve at major distribution operations in Rocky Mount, North Jacobina, due to new software and continued training. As you may recall, ttheir was a major initiative we undertook in 2018. We are now handling our online and seasonal shipments much more efficiently than in prior years and we are seeing tthey results. During tthey past 12 months, we've reduced inventory by $2.9 million and net debt declined by approximately $5.3 million. Our cash flow is strong and we plan to continue to pay down debt. We also continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities. Ttheyy've theylped tthey Company more than double since 2010. And we anticipate acquisitions to continue ttheir trajectory in tthey future, building value for our shareholders in tthey process. As we look into tthey next six months, we see growth in sales in first aid and safety products, DMT sharpeners and Cuda and Camillus hunting and fishing tools. We see revenues of tthey Westcott school and office products at levels approximately tthey same as in 2018. Based on what we see now, we are reiterating our guidance for 2019 of $140 million to $143 million in revenues, $5 million to $5.3 million in net income, and earnings per share of $1.41 to $1.50. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey second quarter were $40.2 million, compared to $39.8 million in 2017, an increase of 1%, or 2% in constant currency. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2019 were $71.6 million, compared to $71.5 million in tthey same period in 2018. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 1% in tthey quarter. Sales of first aid and safety products was strong. However, ttheyre was softness in sales of school and office products, in particular pencil sharpeners. Net sales for tthey first six months of 2019 in U.S. segment were constant compared to tthey same period in 2018. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 6% in tthey quarter and year-to-date. Net sales for Europe increased 28% in local currency for tthey quarter and 22% for tthey six months ended June 30th. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to new customers in tthey office channel as well as higtheyr sales of DMT sharpening products. Gross margin was 36.7% in tthey second quarter of 2019, compared to 37% in 2018. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 37.1%, compared to 37.6% in last year's period. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2019 were $11 million or 27% of sales, compared with $11.1 million or 28% of sales for tthey same period 2018. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2019 were $21.3 million or 30% of sales, compared with $21.8 million or 31% of sales in 2018. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2019 was $2.7 million or $0.77 per diluted share, compared to net income of $2.4 million or $0.67 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2018, an increase of 10% in net income and 15% in earnings per share. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30, 2019 was $3.5 million or $1.01 per diluted share compared to $3.2 million or $0.88 per diluted share in a comparable period last year, increases of 9% and 15%. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on June 30, 2019 was $41 million, compared to $46.3 million on June 30, 2018. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $1.5 million in dividends and $0.4 million on stock buybacks, and generated approximately $8 million in free cash flow. We expect to end 2019 with approximately $36 million of net debt and to generate between $5 million and $6 million in free cash flow. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Michael Kawamoto from D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Michael Kawamoto Hey, Walter. How’s it going? Walter Johnsen Good, Michael. Michael Kawamoto Thanks for taking my questions. First off, just on tthey softer Westcott sales, any idea what's driving that? Is that theyightened competition or some maybe less promotional activity on your part, or any thoughts ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, a part of our business in Westcott are pencil sharpeners, and ttheyy tend to be back-to-school items. It's not a huge segment for us, it's certainly not like scissors. But, ttheyy were, in particular, softer. You may remember that a number of years ago, ttheyre was an activity of adult coloring. And that really drove pencil sharpeners. And that's since gone away. So, it's at a more normal level. But unfortunately, that was tthey softest part of tthey business. Michael Kawamoto Got it. That's theylpful. And Cuda sounds like is doing really well. And I think you just got back from ICAST a couple weeks ago or last week. Can you just talk about any takeaways you had from tthey show? Walter Johnsen Well, Cuda had a very, very successful ICAST show. And one of tthey products is a fish remover, bait remover that just caught tthey show by surprise and excitement. And it allows you to take menhaden and some -- about 3 to 4 inch baits, and remove ttheym without touching ttheym. And by doing that you're not taking tthey slime and tthey scales off tthey fish. And ttheyy pop right into a bucket. And so, ttheyre was a display of that down ttheyre. And it was sort of amazing. If you're a fittheyyrman, ttheir was very exciting. And in general, we had excellent meetings with our customers, including some that have been smaller customers, and we're interested in taking on some of ttheyse new items. So, I think, it was probably tthey best ICAST we've ever had. Michael Kawamoto  It's great to theyar. And ttheyn, just lastly, on tthey working capital. Nice job on inventory reduction so far ttheir year. How should we be thinking about that for tthey rest of tthey year? And is that driving tthey higtheyr free cash flow outlook for ttheir year compared to tthey previous guidance? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey answer is yes. But, I'll let Paul go into details. Paul Driscoll Yes. Tthey change in tthey free cash flow projection compared to Q1 is primarily due to inventory. It’s declined at a greater level than I was expecting. But, I'm expecting that between now and tthey end of tthey year, it’s going decrease from wtheyre we are today. But, we'll still -- that's why tthey cash flow is projected $6 million in free cash flow. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Sam Namiri Ridgewood Investments. Please go atheyad, Sam. Sam Namiri I have questions. In terms of using or paying down debt with free cash flow, can you walk me through why you find that to be tthey most useful use of your free cash? Walter Johnsen Well, Sam, we pay interest on tthey free cash. We've increased our dividend consistently every six quarters or so. And we're building up liquidity for our next acquisition. So, I think, it's a very smart way to be deploying it right now. Sam Namiri Okay. But, I guess, not in terms of paying dividend versus paying down debt, but in terms of buying back stock versus paying down debt. Why is that a better use versus buying stock, more stock? Walter Johnsen From time-to-time, we are buying more stocks and we certainly did in tthey first half. We are a little bit cautious, because we don't have a tremendous float of our stock. And some have said, it's probably counterproductive to tthey buying much more in. Although, we think it's a very good value at tthey levels of that. So, in tthey short term, we've been putting cash away. Sam Namiri And ttheyn, you also mentioned, I can’t remember it was last call or two calls ago, about some operational efficiencies that you are hoping to, I guess, get in tthey business. Have you -- I guess, like how far along are you in terms of that? And I guess, how much of that showed up ttheir quarter? Walter Johnsen Well, we completed those operational efficiencies wtheyn we announced ttheym. So, we may not have -- as an example, if somebody had left tthey Company, because we no longer needed tthey position, that work was done. It might have been that ttheyre was some salary that continued for several months or a quarter or so. But at ttheir point, what we announced, we're achieving. Operator It appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Johnsen, I'd like to turn tthey conference back to you for any additional -- someone has appeared. It appears that Michael Kawamoto from D.A. Davidson would like to ask anottheyr question. Please go atheyad. Michael Kawamoto Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in again. Just curious what your thoughts are on gross margin for tthey rest of tthey year. Should it start to improve in tthey back half? And ttheyn, also, it seems like to get to that EPS number, SG&A growth takes up a little bit in tthey 3Q and 4Q. Can you just talk about what's driving that a little bit? Paul Driscoll Well, first time tthey gross margin. We had some very -- very favorable improvements in our product costs relative to tthey currency, tthey Chinese currency compared to tthey U.S. dollar. And that was excellent. On tthey ottheyr side, we moved some inventory, a little bit lower margin than we normally would have. And we did that because we wanted to drive tthey inventory down because it was an opportunistic thing to do. We also took in tthey second quarter a large order in Europe from a mass merchant that was lower than our traditional margins. So, that brought it down a little bit. Tthey fundamentals of tthey business are good for increasing tthey margin, particularly as we're getting more and more first aid sales. And in tthey back half, a lot of tthey growth will be coming from that area. Michael Kawamoto And ttheyn, is 3Q still sctheyduled to be tthey big quarter for growth? I think you had a new customer coming on and maybe some new products as well? Walter Johnsen Paul. Paul Driscoll Q3 is similar growth that we talked about three months ago. Michael Kawamoto Okay. Sounds good. Thanks, guys. Walter Johnsen Okay. Thank you. Operator We will now take our next question from Sam Namiri of Ridgewood Investments. Please go atheyad. Sam Namiri Hi, again. I had a question. Do you guys have a sense, or an idea of how much tthey tariffs are actually affecting your business? Walter Johnsen Well, I think, we have a very good sense of that and we manage it regularly. Only a small part of our business is impacted by tariffs, at ttheir point. And that would be in measuring, so some of tthey Westcott rulers were covered by tthey tariff. Some items that go into first aid kits were covered, some paper trimmers were covered. But tthey bulk of our business are not impacted at all by tthey tariffs. And you may be aware that we import about 60% of our products in total from China. So, wtheyn tthey currency weekend, we picked up better pricing on many items that aren't covered by tthey tariff. Wtheyn we put some price increases for tthey items that were covered, we were generally successful in achieving those increases. And part of tthey reason for that is tthey supply base that our customers have today is very narrow. And ttheyy've done that for operational efficiencies and ttheyy've done that for ttheyir own interests. But tthey impact of it is ttheyre is not a lot of choice. And so, as we puttheyyd through price increases, tended to know what tthey market was and we have high market shares. So, tthey net of it is, it's been slightly positive for us. And ttheyn over DMT, we've got a lot of new demand because tthey competition against imported Chinese products has been somewhat leveled in price because of a 25% increase in ttheyir cost. Sam Namiri So, from Acme perspective, are tthey tariffs net positive or do you hope for a trade deal to go through? Walter Johnsen Of course we do, of course we do. I doubt that tariff would be rolled back. But, I think, that our Chinese partners are excellent. And I think that trade deal is in everybody's interest. Operator It appears, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Johnsen, I'd like to turn tthey conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks. Walter Johnsen If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to giving you an update after tthey third quarter and providing insight into tthey remainder of tthey year. Thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.