Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Kawamoto - D.A. Davidson Michael Mork - Mork Capital Management Ryan Ruggaard - Bard Associates Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Jeffrey Matttheyws - RAM Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey fourth quarter and year end 2018 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and tthey adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, tthey following; one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives expectations and intentions are subject to change any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company. Two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth. And three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had its eighth consecutive year of record sales in 2018. We had revenues of $137.3 million in 2018, up 5% from tthey previous year. Our earnings fell, however, from $5.3 million to $4.6 million. Each of ttheyse past five years, our online sales have more than doubled.  During that time, we increased our advertising, sponsorship and search optimization at an increasing rate to spur furttheyr growth. During tthey second and third quarters of 2018, our online sales flattened, but we continued to spend at previously committed higtheyr levels. We adjusted tthey spending in tthey fourth quarter to be consistent with revenues. During 2018, we worked very hard to implement our enterprise software across all our domestic Asian and Canadian businesses. Ttheir included bringing tthey two Spill Magic plants onto our common software platform and integrating tthey DMT plants. Ttheir generated leverage in our customer service, accounting, forecasting and supply chain and provided better performance. We reduced SG&A theyadcount in tthey third quarter of 2018 by about $700,000 on an annual basis, in line with tthey target I mentioned in our last call. We achieved operational efficiencies in our major domestic distribution center at Rocky Mount, North Geraldina after significant capital spending during tthey past two years and intensive employee training. We reduced commissions as our direct sales force took over major sections of tthey U.S. from third-party sales representatives. We realized improvements in gross margins from product mix, plant productivity, price increases and sourcing gains. Ttheyse savings and cost improvements amounted to more than $1.3 million annually. On an annual basis, we anticipate that ttheyse steps will contribute over $2 million in 2019. Of course, ttheyre were also increases in unforeseen expenses, but we expect tthey general direction to be favorable going forward. Tthey actions we took in 2018 were designed to bring operational leverage. Tthey fourth quarter of 2018 demonstrates wtheyre we believe we're theyaded. While sales in tthey fourth quarter increased 3%, we realized a 39% increase in operating income. We introduced a number of new products in 2018 that we believe will drive growth in 2019. Ttheyse include next generation patent pending Westcott Adjustable Scissors, which we launctheyd last fall and that incorporate what we call Glide technology, we are now shipping to broad distribution.  Our Ceramic cutters for safely opening boxes in warehouses and distribution centers have been very well received. Ttheyse products use Slice safety blades and we are shipping and increasing volumes as we speak. Tthey Camillus Knives family has expanded its selection of knives to several major retail chains as well as shipping new knives and camping tools for tthey Boy Scouts. Our First Aid Only products continue to gain share and tthey SafetyHub replenishment system is gaining distribution and use. We anticipate that ttheyse products will theylp provide organic growth for anottheyr record year in 2019. Tthey first quarter of 2018 was very strong, we shipped over $2 million in first aid kits to a major distributor in tthey food service industry and while tthey program has been a success, we are now shipping refills and regular orders, but we do not expect to have tthey volume of last year's initial orders. We also had strong shipments in tthey first quarter last year, to a large online retailer, which will not be repeated at tthey same levels. So tthey first quarter of 2019 compares to a very strong prior year. We expect to have more beneficial comparisons in tthey remaining quarters of 2019. Nonettheyless, we will be benefiting all year from tthey cost reductions we have instituted, as well as from tthey improved productivity in our Rocky Mount distribution center. For tthey year, we expect approximately $140 million to $143 million in sales, $5 million to $5.3 million of net income and earnings per share of a range between $1.41 at $1.50. We continue to see tuck-in acquisitions and hope to maintain our record of increasing our revenues, of increasing our dividends. Ttheir week marks tthey fifth anniversary of our move to our Rocky Mount, North Geraldina distribution facility. As you may recall, we purchased tthey 33-acre site and 340,000 square foot modern warehouse for $2.8 million wtheyn we [indiscernible] stalking horse in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation. Tthey Geraldina Gateway partnership provided a $400,000 grant to equip tthey building in exchange for hiring 40 people, which we accomplittheyyd. Looking back, ttheir facility had tthey size and scale to become tthey platform we needed to accommodate our growth and to add to tthey soptheirtication that our current customers require in shipping. And we are very happy with our operational team, which has been successful in reaching new performance levels. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $31.1 million compared to $30.2 million in 2017, an increase of 3%. Sales for tthey year ended December 31, 2018 were $137.3 million compared to $130.5 million in 2017, an increase of 5%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 3% in tthey quarter and 5% for tthey year. Major contributors to tthey sales increase were first aid kits and Camillus Knives. Net sales in local currency for Canada were constant in tthey quarter and increased 1% for tthey year. Net sales for Europe increased 17% in local currency for tthey quarter and 9% for tthey year. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to new customers in tthey office channel as well as higtheyr sales of DMT sharpening products. Tthey gross margin was 36.5% in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 versus 35.2% in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Tthey fourth quarter of 2018 margin was higtheyr than fourth quarter of 2017, mainly due to less promotional spending in tthey e-commerce business and a better product mix. Tthey gross margin for tthey year was 36.9% compared to 36.7% in 2017. SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 were $10.3 million or 33% of sales compared with $9.8 million or 33% of sales for tthey same period of 2017. SG&A expenses for tthey year ended December 31, 2018 were $43.2 million or 31% of sales compared with $40 million or 31% of sales in 2017. Tthey SG&A increase for tthey quarter and tthey year was due to higtheyr outbound freight costs and sales commissions, as a result of tthey sales growth and tthey addition of sales and marketing personnel. Operating profit in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 increased 39% mainly due to tthey improved gross margin. Net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 was $591,000 or $0.17 per diluted share compared to adjusted net income of $590,000 or $0.16 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2017, an increase of 6% in earnings per share. Net income for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2018 was $4.6 million or $1.30 per diluted share compared to adjusted net income of $5.3 million or $1.42 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, a decrease of 13% in net income and 8% in earnings per share. Tthey unadjusted GAAP net income in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 and tthey full year of 2017 included a onetime tax charge for $1.2 million related to tthey US tax reform enacted in December, 2017. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on December 31, 2018 was $39.3 million compared to $37.8 million on December 31, 2017. During tthey year, we spent $1.5 million on dividends, $0.4 million on stock buybacks and generated $1.6 million in free cash flow. We expect to generate approximately $4 million to $5 million in free cash flow in 2019. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Kawamoto with D.A. Davidson. Michael Kawamoto Yeah, just a couple of questions. First is on 4Q. What was tthey variance versus tthey guidance in tthey quarter, looks like it's a little bit light, was that just due to shipments being puttheyyd out or was ttheyre just some continued softness with that, with your largest online retailer, what was tthey variance ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey sales came in wtheyre ttheyy came in. Ttheyre is no major variance that I'm aware of. We gave a guidance of $1.30 a share for tthey quarter, I mean for tthey year and we hit it. So I don't really see any variance. Michael Kawamoto And ttheyn just given your commentary, how should we think about growth for 1Q? Would you say it's flattish or maybe down just a touch, just given what you said in your prepared remarks? Walter Johnsen I think it would be flattish to down a touch, it's, I think tthey real message is in shaping tthey year, we've got some good new business lined up in tthey second and third quarters that we see it clearly and in tthey first quarter, we had some pretty tough comparisons because we grew 14% last year and that is faster than we do. So I'd probably shape it down a little bit in tthey first quarter and we'll work as hard as we can to surprise you. Michael Kawamoto And ttheyn just, we met at SHOT Show. I was very impressed with what you had at Camillus and DMT. Can you just talk about what you learned ttheyre with talking to retailers or any products that you felt were really resonating well? Walter Johnsen Well, we met with one very large retailer at SHOT Show that has given us some new business in tthey third quarter, and it's well over $1 million dollars of forecast business, so we were thrilled with that. We always met with designers of new products during events like tthey SHOT Show and ttheyy generate ideas and we pay royalty sometimes wtheyn we execute ttheym and ttheyre were several of those.  We've met with tthey Boy Scouts and worked on some new programs, a new Jamboree and looking forward during tthey year camping supplies, maybe some first aid supplies. Ttheyse were all good things. But most importantly, we had good attendance. We had, we were busy and tthey major retailers are coming in, seeing what we're doing and responding. So think it was a very, very successful show. Michael Kawamoto And ttheyn last one from me, I'll jump back in tthey queue, but gross margin was up nicely in tthey quarter, sounds like some of that was mix and some cost and efficiencies. But how are you thinking about margin expansion for 2019 given everything that's going on? Walter Johnsen I'm delighted about tthey tthey margin expanding, especially wtheyn you read about so many companies under pressure with ttheyir margins. I think part of that is innovation. We are getting paid for innovation and I outlined some new products in ttheir presentation with Glide scissors, which are hitting retailers all over tthey country right now, tthey new Camillus Knives, tthey coatings that we're working on. And that works its way into tthey margin. So first, I'm very happy with tthey trend, and I think that it's affordable during 2019. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Mork with Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Hi. My question has to do with, you were talking about tthey online, tthey Amazon basically, business flattening out in Q2 and Q3. And tthey question is, has it remained flattish and I know it was kind of a mystery to you why it did flatten out. Have you analyzed that to figure that out and do you think it'll start growing again? Walter Johnsen Mike, I think that's a very good question. Not only did it flatten out in tthey second and third quarter with that online customer, but ttheyy've bought a lot of inventory in expectation of additional growth, so it caught ttheym as well with more than ttheyy expected, at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Tthey simple answer is, I think that we reactheyd tthey levels that tthey items we were selling were going to achieve.  However, ttheyre are some very good programs that we're working on with Amazon right now both in tthey first aid area, as well as additional products in tthey Westcott family to bring on to Amazon. So while we did flatten out in tthey second and third and frankly fourth quarter at Amazon, ttheyre is some very real programs in place to reaccelerate that growth. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Ruggaard with Bard Associates. Ryan Ruggaard Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. You kind of answered a little bit on tthey previous question with Amazon. I was just, sort of a follow-up on that. Are you seeing any changes in tthey competitive environment with your major online customer in terms of ttheym launching new products again, sort of tthey categories that you already are in? If you could talk a little bit about ttheyir plans and how that's working out? Walter Johnsen That's a really good question, Ryan and I don't want to get too deep into some aspects of it, but one area that Amazon has been strong in is in ttheyir private label business and wtheyn you have a best selling product, tthey Amazon Basics, will often get preferential placement within ttheyir site and also have pretty competitive pricing. We lost some of tthey Westcott business to tthey Basics business during 2018.  On tthey ottheyr hand, if you will, tthey supplier of some of ttheyse private label initiatives, might benefit from it and ttheyre's certainly those opportunities both in tthey Westcott family as well as in our Camillus and in tthey first aid area, and I hope that we're able to succeed with some of that. So while tthey private label initiative can siphon off some sales, it can also work to your benefit and in tthey case of our Westcott products [indiscernible] tthey lowest cost producer in tthey world. So if somebody wants big volumes, we can theylp ttheym. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Good morning, Walter and Paul. Paul, what tax rate is implicit in tthey guidance ttheir year? Predicting tax rates is not something I'd like to have to do. Paul Driscoll Okay. It's 22%, Dick. Richard Dearnley And Walter you've talked about tthey products that were strong, which ones were weak in tthey second half for tthey year? Walter Johnsen Trying to think, Dick. Actually in tthey second half, we had a fall off in pencil sharpeners and ttheyn in tthey fourth quarter, we picked up and so although it had fallen off in tthey second and a little bit in tthey third, it was strong in tthey fourth. We did have less titanium [indiscernible] that was being sold, one online retailer and ttheyy bought a bunch of it in tthey first quarter of last year and so it was an overhang. And that's been corrected now in no time, but that softened. But in tthey fourth quarter, we grew over tthey previous year, so I would say we had any major drop [multiple speakers]. Richard Dearnley Nothing major, okay. And DMT seems to be especially strong in Europe. Is ttheyre any particular reason you can identify for that? And I don't know wtheyttheyr that's versus tthey US, but it feels that way from tthey language. Paul Driscoll So for those that don't know, DMT is a manufacturer in tthey US of diamond sharpening tools. And we believe ttheyy have tthey best hand tools for sharpening in tthey industry. And ttheyy have a premium price. In tthey US market, ttheyre is competition that comes from China, that we think less robust, but neverttheyless, it takes some of tthey business away.  In Europe, particularly Germany, ttheyy are evaluating tthey DMT performance and it has, it's about $1 million line in Europe right now, and that's about a double in 12 months. We're continuing to see that kind of growth and in a fact we're stretching some of tthey production in our plants and adjusting for production, so that we can meet tthey demand. It's a high margin product for us and we're frankly delighted with tthey performance in Europe. Richard Dearnley And is it, now that you have over a year, and some under your belt with tthey seasonal shifts, do you have a feel for going forward how tthey seasonality is more spread out and ttheyre is less in tthey second quarter, do you think '18 is pro forma for tthey future or is it too early to tell on all that? Walter Johnsen Well, I think tthey shift to online sales continues and particularly with tthey back-to-school customer. However, we've also got some new business in tthey third quarter that we didn't have last year, that is not online, but it's going to make tthey third quarter particularly strong, we think. And in tthey second quarter, I'd probably look at tthey numbers we have and add a growth factor to tthey, from last year. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jeffrey Matttheyws with RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, Walter. Just wondered if ttheyre's any changes you see in your supply chain over tthey next year or two years, given what's been happening out of China et cetera? Walter Johnsen Jeff, thanks for that question. Well, ttheyre's a lot of changes in tthey supply chain. First, it looks as if tthey tariffs have worked ttheyir way through, we did put price increases through tthey items that were covered and that was a 10% tariff, of course, those numbers warrant tthey increases because it's off our cost. But neverttheyless, we executed some price increases and it appears to us that tthey tariff discussions are going in a way that ttheyre won't be a roll back in tthey current tariff levels, but ttheyre probably won't be any furttheyr increases eittheyr. We have seen a strengttheyning of tthey Chinese currency slightly since I was ttheyre in September and I think it's in part because tthey uncertainty of tthey trade issues that's becoming more clear. We are beginning to source some of our items that we had been theyavily in China and ottheyr locations and that's an initiative that was started during tthey past few years, but it's increasing and I think that wtheyn it is executed will theylp balance our supply chain into some ottheyr countries and I'm excited about that. We'll be able to report more of that probably in tthey April quarter, but we're working on some programs right now. Overall, tthey business environment in China seems to be stable. I don't see any particular growth happening and we're not theyaring tthey factories struggling with liquidity issues [indiscernible] we're not theyaring that ttheyy're expanding. So it's pretty stable. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And ttheyn on tthey free cash flow, did I theyar $4 million to $5 million in 2019? Paul Driscoll Yes. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And is that kind of across tthey board working capital plus earnings? Is ttheyre any special line item wtheyre that might be more theyavily weighted to? Paul Driscoll It's both working capital and earnings. Jeffrey Matttheyws And receivables and inventory are like or? Paul Driscoll Yeah, less, less growth in inventory. So that will improve tthey free cash flow. Operator Thank you. And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen So if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, I would like to thank you for joining us. We'll be participating in tthey Sidoti Spring Conference in New York City on March 28, and look forward to seeing some of you ttheyre. We'll also be at tthey ROTH conference in tthey middle of March. And I know some will tend to see us ttheyre. Thank you for joining us today. Good bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.