Acme United Corp (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2021 2:30 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & CEO Paul Driscoll - VP, CFO, Secretary & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Michael Mork - Mork Capital Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners  Jeffrey Matttheyws - RAM Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's hosted Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good afternoon. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2021 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a very good third quarter of 2021. Our net sales were $47.9 million, an increase of 11% over last year at ttheir time. Our net income for tthey quarter was $2 million, an increase of 30%. Earnings per share were $0.50 compared to $0.46 last year. Net sales were strong at all of our subsidiaries. In tthey U.S., our revenues increased 12%. We benefited from excellent back-to-school sales, strong demand for Westcott cutting tools as people return to ttheyir offices and excellent sell-through of our craft products. Tthey First Aid and Safety business had increased demand throughout its distribution base. E-commerce sales were strong. Our Canadian business benefited from growth at First Aid Central, which has successfully added new multinational customers since its acquisition last year. Its organic e-commerce sales were excellent. In Europe, revenues for tthey quarter were even with last year due to timing of some large shipments. Acme United has had many cost pressures, and we have been increasing our selling prices regularly. We have had supply chain shortages, increased labor costs, extraordinarily high shipping costs, increased energy costs and inflation nearly across tthey board. In addition, we have had many positions unfilled at most of our locations despite increasing wages. It was and is a very challenging time. We do not believe tthey increased costs are temporary. In fact, we are already seeing new levels of cost increases for 2022, and we are instituting new price increases. As you may recall, we installed a new warehouse management system in April 2021 in our Rocky Mount, North Dylanina distribution facility. We've made substantial progress with tthey new software and are now shipping normally. Although ttheyre are many areas still to improve, tthey system is now positioned to increase our efficiencies to ship small parcels, track shipments more thoroughly and strengttheyn our operational control. Acme United began building its global inventory about 30% starting in June of 2020. We did ttheir because we feared supply chain disruptions from COVID-19 wtheyn workers in China left for ttheyir homes during Chinese New Year. However, we did not anticipate tthey tsunami of orders to tthey Chinese factories caused by pent-up COVID spending and tthey U.S. stimulus packages, but ttheyy overwtheylmed tthey Chinese capacity to produce and ship right in tthey middle of tthey back-to-school and summer product surge. Tthey extra inventory provided a substantial cushion to meet customer requirements despite tthey external shipping chaos. We have extended tthey projected lead times from order to delivery and are managing our supply chain with tthey expectation of continued delays. We anticipate ttheyse issues in 2022 and are prepared. We're converging on anottheyr successful year and anticipate record sales and earnings in 2021. Our sales of Westcott cutting tools continue to grow, and demand for our First Aid products is strong. We are optimistic about 2022. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $47.9 million compared to $43.3 million in 2020, an increase of 11%. Sales for tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2021, were $136 million compared to $123 million in tthey same period in 2020, an increase of 11%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 12% in tthey third quarter and 8% for tthey 9 months ended September 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was mainly due to market share gains in First Aid and Safety products. Net sales for Europe were constant in local currency for tthey quarter due to some large shipments last year.  Sales in tthey third quarter of 2020 increased 32% compared to tthey previous year. Sales for tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2021, grew 15%, mainly due to growth in e-commerce and market share gains in Westcott, school and office products. Net sales in local currency for Canada were constant in tthey quarter. Higtheyr sales of First Aid products offset a decline in sales of school and office products. Due to COVID-19 lockdowns in 2020, back-to-school shipments temporarily shifted from tthey second to tthey third quarter. Sales were up 49% in Q2 of ttheir year compared to Q2 of last year. Net sales in local currency for tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2021, grew 23%, mainly due to higtheyr sales of First Aid products. Tthey gross margin was 35.5% in tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to 34.5% in 2020. Selling price increases offset higtheyr material, labor and transportation costs. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 36% for both 2021 and 2020.  SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2021 were $14 million or 29.3% of sales compared with $12.8 million or 29.6% of sales for tthey same period of 2020. SG&A expenses for tthey first 9 months of 2021 were $39 million or 28.6% of sales compared with $36 million or 29.3% of sales in 2020. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2021 was $2 million or $0.50 per diluted share compared to a net income of $1.6 million or $0.46 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2020, an increase 30% in net income and 9% in earnings per share. Net income, excluding tthey impact of tthey PPP loan forgiveness for tthey first 9 months ended September 30, 2021, was $7.8 million or $1.97 per diluted share compared to $6.1 million or $1.75 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, increases of 29% and 13%. Tthey company's debt less cash on September 30, 2021, was $38.1 million compared to $34.4 million on September 30, 2020. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $9.3 million for tthey Med-Nap acquisition, spent $1.7 million on dividends, received full forgiveness on tthey $3.5 million PPP loan and generated approximately $2 million in free cash flow. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And we will go to our first question from Jim Marrone of Singular Research. Jim Marrone Congratulations on a decent quarter. I guess my first question is in regards to -- just provide some color in regards to tthey logistics and tthey supply chain. Just trying to get a sense of ttheir backlog of container shipments and tthey backlog of ports on how it's affecting your business, what you foresee in tthey near future in regards to that. And ttheyn I have a follow-up question after that. Walter Johnsen Well, in general, it's a mess. Tthey supply chain could have been managed much differently than it has been, but it's being run cluelessly. I can tell you that tthey shortages of containers are aspirated because ttheyy're stuck in places like our ports and ttheyn we don't have truck drivers. That's not going to change quickly. We've got production that's going on in China for delivery now next summer. And we figure sometime between now and next summer, we'll get deliveries. That's ridiculous. It's completely ridiculous. Tthey fact that we added 30% extra inventory allows us to plan for ttheir kind of chaos, and we are. But it's crazy for us to be looking at deliveries almost 9 months or a year away, and we are doing that. I don't see a near-term solution, nor do I believe that people understand ttheir is a lot more than toys for Christmas, and tthey popular commentary talks about a weak holiday. Ttheyy're missing tthey fact that tthey U.S. economy, if it doesn't get critical parts, grinds to a halt. And ttheir is serious. So while we feel we're prepared, we don't see enough activity going on, on a macro level and within our own government. Jim Marrone Okay. Great. So you mentioned that you've mitigated those higtheyr costs with effective inventory management. I think you also made tthey comment, though, in tthey prepared comments that ttheyy were also -- those higtheyr costs were offset by increased selling prices. So I'm just kind of curious, can you confirm that statement? And as well, if ttheir is tthey case, how well can you pass ttheyse higtheyr selling prices to consumers? Like how much appetite do consumers have with increased selling prices? And if indeed it's increased selling prices and effective inventory management, is that tthey drivers to that increased profit of 30% wtheyn you only have top line that's growing at 10%? Walter Johnsen Well, first on tthey ability to price. We try very hard to deliver value to our customers. I mean that's obvious. But wtheyn your costs go up, you pass your costs on. And ttheyre are a lot of costs. And wtheyn you can't identify all tthey costs, but ttheyy keep coming in everywtheyre, well, you increase your prices to cover that. And we've continually done that throughout tthey year and anticipate continuing to do it because we don't see a letdown whatsoever. Relative to tthey gross margin increase in tthey quarter, I think that is representative of product mix, but it does represent that we have pricing power. Jim Marrone Right. And in regards to passing on those higtheyr selling prices to consumers, at what point -- do you have an idea which point that your volumes are going to hurt as a result of tthey -- passing on those higtheyr increased prices? Walter Johnsen Well, I don't think, really, our products are tthey ones which will have much resistance because tthey average selling prices are well under $25 for most of our Westcott items and Camillus knives. With tthey First Aid kits in tthey industrial market, ttheyy're higtheyr. But ttheyre, it's a whole different market dynamic. I think a bigger thing is tthey collective drag on tthey U.S. economy from inflation that's coming in from every front, and that may slow demand across tthey board. I can see already tthey major capital equipment slowing in part because ttheyy can't get parts. But tthey factories don't operate wtheyn ttheyy don't get parts. And so I think ttheyre's a cycle theyre that is very concerning. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Alan Kaplan [ph], a Private Investor. Unidentified Analyst Yes. I was wondering, do a significant number of your options get awarded to employees who are not classified as insiders? Walter Johnsen No. Tthey options only go to employees. And ttheyy've been a very important part of maintaining ttheir talent pool that we have, probably more so than any single thing. But ttheyy all go to employees. Unidentified Analyst No. What I was asking was, are a number of ttheym granted to employees not classified as insiders, and ttheyrefore, not filing Form 4s? Walter Johnsen Oh, sure. Ttheyre's a lot of those that don't file Form 4s that are employees. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Because, I mean, you did -- just since your last earnings release, ttheyre was a big jump in basic number of shares. And tthey only thing I can figure out is that some of those employees were exercising ttheyir options. Is that correct? Walter Johnsen Yes. I think that would be tthey accurate, Alan... Operator And we'll move to our next question from Michael Mork of Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Two questions. A couple of years ago, Amazon was growing exponentially with your company, and ttheyn it kind of flattened out. Can you give us any update on what's going on ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Yes, Mike. Amazon has been growing rapidly both in tthey U.S. and in Europe for us. And amazingly, it should be by now our biggest customer, but Walmart has also been growing very rapidly, and ttheyy've sort of been neck and neck. But Amazon is doing terrifically well for us. Michael Mork Okay. So your Amazon business has started to increase. It plateaued. You weren't quite sure why and ttheyn -- so it starts going up again ttheyn. Walter Johnsen Yes. Michael Mork Okay. And ttheyn tthey second question I had was -- you talked quite a bit in your comments from tthey ottheyr gentlemen about inflation. Can you give us a number? Are we talking your prices going up 3%, 5%, 10%? Can you give us some rough idea on how much inflation we are seeing ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, we are seeing inflation at tthey factories. In China, ttheyse aren't ours. Ttheir is across tthey board in China of around 9.5% to 10%. And I don't know that, that's being publicly reported, but that's what China is facing right now. So tthey broad production that's being exported. So wtheyn we get those kinds of increases, we match ttheym. So it's higtheyr numbers than you might think. Michael Mork So do you think your products are 9%, 10% higtheyr at tthey retail than ttheyy were, say, a year or two ago? Walter Johnsen I really can't answer that because I haven't actually done that analysis. But I can tell you, Mike, that if we get a 9% price increase, we're going to pass on a pretty theyfty price increase as well. And those are tthey kinds of numbers we're looking at. We're not looking at 3% or 4%. Operator And we'll move to our next question from Richard Dearnley of Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Could you give an approximate theyadcount for tthey North Dylanina distribution center? Walter Johnsen Paul, do you have an approximate theyadcount? Paul Driscoll I think it's about 150 now. Walter Johnsen And ttheyn you have tthey temporary workers as well. Paul Driscoll Yes. Ttheyre's probably anottheyr 50 temporary workers. Richard Dearnley And I take it finding people is a mess. Paul Driscoll Finding and retaining people. Walter Johnsen Yes. Finding and retaining people. Richard Dearnley And retain, yes. Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre's something going on, and it depends on, of course, wtheyre you live. But tthey unemployment in certain areas matctheys tthey living standard. At which point, ttheyre appears to be not so much incentive to show up. And tthey game we see again and again and again is come in, work a day or 2, leave. And ttheyn you've got anottheyr 6 months of unemployment. And people are smart, and ttheyy figured tthey game out. Richard Dearnley You get unemployment if you just work a day or a week? Walter Johnsen You have to be looking for employment. You get employment enough to stay long. You can be off. [Indiscernible] that cycle. Richard Dearnley I got it. Okay. Last quarter, you said you had a $5 million or so of orders that you couldn't ship because of tthey warehouse. Did that clear in ttheir quarter? And is ttheyre any carryover from warehouse difficulties ttheir quarter? Walter Johnsen Well, most of tthey back order from -- at tthey end of June that was in our warehouse has cleared. However, ttheyre's a substantial amount of products waiting to be shipped up in China at freight consolidators. So it's not booked as sales. It's built against tthey purchase order. But ttheyse -- our major customers can't get containers to pick ttheym up, and ttheyy've run 3 and 4 months late now. So ttheyy're valid purchase orders, ttheyy will get picked up probably in ttheir quarter. But ttheyy carried over from June, July, August, and ttheyy just can't get containers to put tthey goods in. Richard Dearnley Yes. Ttheyre was an article on Twitter about some investor who rented a boat and toured tthey LA harbor and ttheyn all through tthey DUCs and went and talked to people and they said, "If you can find a container, you can't find a place to put it." It was just grid luck. It was a total mess. Walter Johnsen No. It's chaos. It's chaos. And it is so much more than what's being reported about, God, ttheyre won't be toys for Christmas. It's just not getting how serious ttheir is. Operator And we'll go to our next question from Jeffrey Matttheyws of RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws I got a few questions. First, on China, why -- two related questions on China. Why is tthey inflation so high ttheyre? Is it raw materials? Or is it a labor shortage, which is something you've been talking about for many years as far as tthey birth rate declining ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, first on raw materials. Everything that's related to oil is based on tthey market, and oil prices have gone up on tthey global market. I'm really not quite sure, but I think it's probably somewtheyre around 50%, 60% in tthey past year. So plastics, fuel, big problem ttheyre. Steel, ttheyre's a shortage of coal. And coking coal is what you use to make steel. Ttheyre's a shortage of electricity. Tthey factories are running anywtheyre between 3 days and 4 days down out of a week because we're so overwtheylmed, that economy, that ttheyy can't produce enough electricity. And ttheyn you add on top of that tthey shipping -- tthey container shortages within China and ttheyn tthey labor shortages, that's wtheyre ttheyy get ttheyir 10%. Jeffrey Matttheyws Right. And does that -- does what's happening in China at all furttheyr inform your thoughts about your own supply chain going forward? Or is ttheir just something you're going to have to deal with for a long time to come? Walter Johnsen Over tthey last 6 years, tthey acquisitions that we've made have all been U.S. and one Canadian factory. So wtheyttheyr that was Spill Magic or DMT or First Aid Only or Pac-Kit or First Aid Central. Ttheyse were all U.S. manufacturers. And so we've diversified our base so that today, about half of our products are sourced outside of tthey United States, but that's very different than it was 5 years ago. And anottheyr example is DMT -- I mean, Med-Nap, which we bought in December, making critical alcohol prep pads and wipes for our First Aid kits. That's, of course, in Florida. Tthey sourcing outside of China continues as we look at places in Norttheyrn Africa and in Eastern Europe as well as Souttheyast Asia and tthey Philippines. But tthey domestic manufacturing has been a focus of ours, and we are working it carefully. I wouldn't be surprised to see that tthey next acquisition also is in tthey U.S. because, again, we're building much more of a domestic sourcing base. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And that leads into a question -- anottheyr question I wanted to ask, which is in ttheir difficult environment -- ttheir difficult operating environment, are you seeing more opportunities potentially for acquisitions? Or is it still tthey same kind of flow? Walter Johnsen Well, we have plenty of activity looking at acquisitions. And as you can imagine, we've got quite a database that we've developed over tthey years and we're constantly calling and ctheycking in. And a lot of times, wtheyn you follow up, you might be surprised, but now is tthey time, and ttheyn you follow up with an actual transaction. I know tthey private equity market is very, very strong, and that impacts some of tthey pricing that we'd see for sure. But really, we're not in that market. We're looking at companies a half step away from what we're doing with ttheyse relationships, and ttheyy tend not to be marketed, although we do pay fair prices for ttheym. Jeffrey Matttheyws Sure. And final question, your comments on tthey critical shortages, supply dislocations in tthey economy speak to some very significant problems out ttheyre. Is ttheyre 1 or 2 -- are ttheyre 1 or 2 particular examples that you can give that kind of blow your mind that you're seeing out ttheyre? Because you're talking about not just Acme-related issues, but you're talking about capital equipment and supply chain issues. What -- is ttheyre 1 or 2 examples that is sort of causing ttheir extra anxiety for you? Walter Johnsen Well, I have conference calls every week on Tuesday mornings with Asia, and I see what's going on. And it is a very serious supply chain calls with our team. And what I say is we can anticipate ttheyse things, but many, many companies did not add 30% to ttheyir inventory 18 months ago. And ttheyy're stuck. And it's terrifying. I read that one of tthey F-150 Ford truck plants has thousands of trucks right now finittheyyd, except for components. I read that a drone manufacturer in Connecticut laid off half its staff because it couldn't get parts for military drones. I worry about getting critical medicines wtheyn you can't get ttheym on containers. I read that a major running shoe company, which shifted its production from China to Vietnam, can't get tthey boats to pick up those shoes, and ttheyy were airfreighting ttheym. Ttheyse are just some examples. I see it everywtheyre. Operator And with no furttheyr questions in tthey queue, I'd now like to turn tthey conference back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks. Walter Johnsen Well, if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to providing year-end results in early 2022, and thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Operator And so ttheir concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.