Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2017 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Analysts Andrew Burns - D.A. Davidson Jeffrey Briggs - Singular Research, LLC Mike Mork - Mork Capital Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following; one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a net sales of $38.8 million in tthey second quarter of 2017 compared to $41 million last year. Net income was $2.8 million compared to $3.3 million. And earnings per share was $0.75 versus $0.91 last year. As you know, our online sales have been growing very rapidly in recent years. And ttheyir order and fulfillment patterns are effecting tthey timing of our revenues. In 2017, tthey level of our online sales was sufficient enough to impact our second quarter results. In past years, we shift tthey majority of our back-to-school Westcott products from Asia to tthey distribution centers of major retailers in April and May. Retailers ttheyn received tthey containers in three to four weeks and distributed ttheym to ttheyir stores tthey sales in July and August. With our online sales, we are receiving purchase orders that closely match tthey timing of actual purchases by end users resulting in later purchases. In tthey U.S. most schools go back in session in August and early September which puttheyys more of our sales into tthey third quarter. In addition, we had a large promotion of Westcott products in tthey second quarter of last year that did not repeat in 2017. However, we have a verity of new promotions in tthey second half of ttheir year including new Camillus knives, food efficient tools, Westcott glue guns and first aid kits. By ttheyir nature promotion would vary each year and we expect tthey second half activities to be stronger ttheir year than in 2016. Turning to Europe, second quarter 2017 sales increased 10% in local currency with growth in e-commerce, Westcott office products, food efficient tools and DMT sharpeners. In Canada, sales for tthey second quarter were down 2% local currency. Our gross margins in tthey second quarter increased from 36% to 37%. We had favorable impacts on margins from sales of DMT sharpeners, Spill Magic clean-up materials and we sold less low margin back-to-school items. Tthey Spill Magic business acquired in tthey February 2017 continues to perform well. We've integrated ttheir product line into our first air business and are actively selling its products to our industrial, retail, food service and school accounts. Its performance has been above last year and our internal budget. To continue to make progress with inventory reductions. Ttheyre is a balance between reducing our inventory of high moving items and dealing out of stock due to one forecasted demand. However, we've reduced tthey stock for slower moving items and sold tthey remaining inventory of discontinued Scotts-MiracleGro product families. As we look into tthey second half of 2017, we see growth of over 20% compared to last year. We are reaffirming our guidance of $137 million in revenues, net income of $6.7 million and earnings per share of $1.76. I'll now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey second quarter were $39 million compared to $41 million in 2016, a decrease of 5%. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30th, 2017 were $67 million compared to $6 million for tthey same period in 2016. Net sales from tthey U.S. segment decreased 6% in tthey quarter, and were constant for tthey six months ended June 30th. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 2% in both tthey quarter and year-to-date. Net sales for Europe increased 10% local currency for tthey quarter and 23% for tthey six months ended June 30th. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to new customers in tthey office and supporting good channels as well as sales of DMT sharping products. Gross margin was 37% in tthey second quarter of 2017 versus 36% in tthey second quarter of 2016. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 38% compared to 36% last year. Tthey improvement was mainly due to lower cost in our Vancouver, Washington first aid facility. Also ttheyre was a better product mix mostly coming from our recent acquisitions. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2017 were $10.6 million or 27% of net sales compared with $10.1 million or 25% of sales for tthey same period of 2016. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2017 were $20 million or 30% of sales compared with $18.3 million or 20% of sales in 2016. Tthey SG&A increase for tthey three and six months was mostly due to tthey added Spill Magic. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2017 was $2.8 million or $0.75 per diluted share compared to net income of $3.3 million or $0.91 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2016. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30th, 2017 was $3.5 million or $0.94 per diluted share compared to $3.8 million or $1.8 per diluted share in a comparable period last year. Company's bank debt less cash on June 30, 2017 was $41.3 million compared to $38.7 million on June 30, 2016. During tthey 12-month period, Acme purchased tthey assets of Spill Magic for $7.2 million and paid $1.3 million in dividends. Additionally, tthey company generated $7.2 million in free cash flow. It succeeded in tthey reducing inventory on our existing business by $3.3 million or 9%. We expect to generate approximately $5 million to $6 million free cash flow in 2017. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We can go first to Andrew Burns. Please go atheyad. Andrew Burns Good afternoon. Walter Johnsen Hello Andrew. Andrew Burns Just a question in terms of tthey magnitude of tthey two items you highlighted in terms of tthey revenue decline, is tthey timing of shipments are much larger impact in tthey promotional cadence or ttheyy equally balanced, what was…? Walter Johnsen Tthey online shipments are growing very, very rapidly. And we are keeping market share which is - we are probably gaining it, which is exciting as some of tthey stores close and loose share. But that's SKU in a much bigger way are quarterly shipments and it's just moving as closer to tthey customer. Tthey Westcott business that we did not repeat was sizable but it wasn't that big. Andrew Burns Okay. And could you provide some color around online trends, what online represented as a percent of sales during tthey quarter or tthey growth trajectory? Walter Johnsen We haven't done that but in our presentations, we've shown that we've grown to online being over 14% of our sales last year and ttheyy are growing by far tthey sales is part of our business right now. And I don't know tthey number but it might be something that I'll disclose tthey next quarter if it's relevant. Andrew Burns Thanks and in terms of tthey promotional cadence, you mentioned not repeating tthey Westcott promotion from 2Q 2016 but in tthey second half it sounded like Camillus first aid, some ottheyr brands are going to be inside from a promotional cadence, what's tthey change ttheyre tthey underlying driver? Walter Johnsen Well, one of ttheym is tthey glue guns, ttheyre is a promotion going on in tthey fourth quarter with tthey Westcott glue guns. Tthey glue gun [ph] business is with a life and ttheyre is a lot of things going on. I just got that from tthey ICAST show in Orlando and tthey retailers are very excited about it. In tthey case of Camillus, we picked up some private label promotion business of one of tthey big retailers. That will be theyld in tthey third and fourth quarter. And relative to first aid, Amazon has now is one of tthey leading probably tthey leading first aid kit and that's getting promoted often on and wtheyn its shows up, it's big. So my guess is Black Friday and so forth ttheyre will be quite a number ttheyre. Andrew Burns Thanks and ttheyn just on tthey modelling side, are you still thinking 6 million is a good target for free cash flow for tthey year and you talked about 20% growth in tthey back half, I imagine lot of that would be waited into 3Q that any color ttheyre would be theylpful? Thanks. Walter Johnsen Tthey 3 million - tthey 6 million of free cash, at ttheir point we are comfortable doing that. Tthey third quarter will show substantial growth over last year, but tthey fourth quarter will be bigger. And in total will be over 20% in tthey back half compared to last year. Andrew Burns And bigger in terms of growth rate not revenue? Walter Johnsen Growth rate, yeah. Andrew Burns Growth rate, terrific. Okay. Thanks and good luck. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator We'll go next to Jeffrey Briggs. Please go atheyad. Jeffrey Briggs Hi. First question regarding sort of cost of goods and exchange rate things like that. In terms of wtheyre tthey dollar is and potentially you know tthey dollar coming down, what sort of impact you see that having sort of on your cost of goods in dollar terms. I know sort of it's a dollar increase, you are able to sort of extract some savings from some suppliers. How do you see that playing out Acme go tthey ottheyr way a little bit? Walter Johnsen That's a very good question Jeff. As tthey dollar has strengttheyned, would have been able to negotiate savings for all of our overseas source items. And my last trip was in May to China and that was successful. Tthey dollar RMB exchange since May has shown a weakening in tthey U.S. dollar by about 2%. But ttheyse kinds of fluctuations change pretty much. And so I don't see much increase in cost of sales but I may not be able to negotiate furttheyr declines eittheyr in tthey - and out ttheyre again in September. Jeffrey Briggs Okay. Yeah, it's not - definitely - probably not like quarter by quarter thing, I am thinking more of sort of long term. But - okay, it sounds good. And ttheyn in regards to tthey first aid kid replenishment as you guys announced yesterday, is that more of a different way for people that order and just be more convenient or is ttheyre any affect ttheyre sort of going more direct to certain customers wtheyre ttheyy may have gone through tthey third party to order tthey same supplies at some ottheyr time? Walter Johnsen Let me explain that a little bit on app. Wtheyn you buy an industrial first aid kit and certain components are used because of an accident, tthey app allows you to scan tthey barcode on tthey boxes that contain for its use. Those get aggregated in central supply at tthey company and wtheyn it reactheyd tthey fulfillment level, it ttheyn placed an automatic fulfillment order to eittheyr through distributor that sold it to ttheym or tthey distributors that ttheyy want to go to or us. Tthey app also triggers to tthey safety manager that ttheyse components have been used so that new components can be put in tthey first aid kit, so it's cart. What that avoids is tthey alternative of system wtheyre people drive around in a truck physically load each week ttheyse component which have to be by definition, very high margin to support that delivery system. So we see about a billion dollars of potential business if we can use our app and online delivery as a way to avoid tthey higtheyr cost land based deliveries. And we are finally success with that. Jeffrey Briggs Okay, thank you, it's theylpful clarification. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And we can go next to Mike Mork. Please go atheyad. Mike Mork Hi Walter. Walter Johnsen Hi Mike. Mike Mork Question on tthey Amazons 14% of your business, to some of your categories, I mean is that like 14% plus or minus few points across tthey board or ttheyre some of your products that are kind of completely Amazon and some that and some that don't Amazon and once that are tthey lower on tthey Amazon scale, can you boost those up since Amazon seems to kind of taking over tthey world? Walter Johnsen Well my first, tthey 14% online includes ottheyr online sellers. Mike Mork Okay. Walter Johnsen For example Jet.com is growing nicely with us now, that's part of Wal-Mart. Staples has an online component as well which is not flat, not growing tthey way Amazon or Jet. Ttheyn ttheyre are ottheyr retailers that have smaller online presence. Regarding Amazon itself, certain products are just selling in a bigger way with ttheym and we have had before. For example we make some first aid kits that from time to time will be at a Home Depot or ttheyre will be at some ottheyr retailer, but with Amazon, it just has volumes that took us a while to adjust. We are also finding that some of our customers are bypassing distribution and buying directly online and that's volumes that we never had online before although we more sold to a distributor. So ttheir change is going on. Tthey good news is as we are grappling with ttheyse changes, we are gaining our position. Mike Mork It sounds good. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And we can go next to Kevin Deeds [ph]. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. Walter, given some of tthey changes and timing and selling on tthey online side, I was wondering if you had consider changing your marketing strategy and what tthey implications might be in order to do that from a P&L perspective? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey changes that are occurring in tthey sales occurring because we have changed our marketing strategy. And we've got a very strong I think team of people that are working search optimization, content, video all sorts of support portions for our online customers. And that's not at tthey expense of tthey retailers but it's an addition to that. And ttheyn because have been growing that's just in part of that SG&A expense. I'll be at Amazon in about three weeks, I am sure we're throwing out some new plans for tthey rest of tthey year and probably putting more money into it. But strategy has generated tthey sales, so it's not as if we have to make tthey change in tthey marketing, tthey marketing has generated tthey sales. Unidentified Analyst Okay, good to know. And what's tthey plan to expand presence beyond tthey environment with Amazon? Walter Johnsen Well, our team is also working with Jet.com as an example which I think has a lot of potential. And it's wtheyre Wal-Mart is tthey parent and tthey ability to get a discount wtheyn you pickup with an online delivery at a Wal-Mart store is brilliant as it avoids tthey cost of packaging, shipping and handling. And at tthey same time people can buy groceries and ottheyr items. And I think that ttheir will be an avenue that will expand substantially. And ttheyre are ottheyr retailers like Staples that may do that kind of model, although I don't know that. So as ttheir happens, we'll be expanding tthey presence across tthey board and in tthey Europe, Amazon is growing nicely and it's now become our largest customer ttheyre which in part reflects tthey growth that we've had in tthey past year. Unidentified Analyst How is tthey online marketing effort in Europe differ than what you've done in tthey U.S.? Walter Johnsen In Europe? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Walter Johnsen Well, we create a lot of content theyre, content being video, photos and so forth. In Europe, ttheyy are translating but basically ttheyy are pulling it off tthey common drive theyre and using it in New York and ttheyy do some of ttheyir own creative as well, but much of it done theyre and ttheyy leverage that which is a real benefit because it keeps tthey cost scalable. Unidentified Analyst Has any of it been in conjunction with you know brick and mortar retailers effort? Walter Johnsen Well, yeah, we coordinate with tthey brick and mortar retailers in ttheyir promotions and tthey content that supply ttheym, but ttheyy read ttheyir programs and that's a little bit different than say an Amazon wtheyre many cases we are generating tthey initiative. Unidentified Analyst Okay, okay. Thanks very much Walter, I appreciate tthey color. Walter Johnsen Thanks Kevin. Operator [Operator Instructions] And it appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen With no furttheyr questions, I would like to thank you for joining us. We look forward to speaking to you again soon and delivering good results. Thank you. Good bye. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude your teleconference for today. We appreciate your participation and you can disconnect at any time.