Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Peter Sidoti - Sidoti & Company Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. Please, go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey fourth quarter and year-end 2022 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is, Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of capital and ottheyr resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of a challenging global macroeconomic environment, characterized by continued high inflation and high interest rates. In addition, we have experienced supply chain disruptions, including those resulted from tthey COVID-19 pandemic and we may experience supply chain disruptions in tthey future. We are also subject to additional risks and uncertainties as described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission in our current earnings release.  Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United encountered and addressed a difficult macroeconomic environment in 2022. We faced supply chain issues at ports in Asia, tthey US and Europe; war in tthey Ukraine; rapidly increasing container expenses; product costs continually increasing; wage inflation; rising interest rates; and shortages of workers. Despite ttheyse issues, we had net sales in 2022 of $193.9 million compared to $182.1 million in 2021, an increase of 7%. Ttheir was tthey 13th consecutive year of record sales. Our net income was impacted by tthey increased costs. In particular we had over $4 million of extra expenses in container costs, port demurrage fees and drayage which we did not pass to customers. Net income for 2022 was $3 million, compared to $10.1 million in 2021 and earnings per share of $0.82 versus $2.57 last year. While our financial performance was not what we had planned, we supported our customers with timely deliveries at fair prices. It was a difficult period and we emerged -- positioned we believe for improved performance. During 2022, we expanded tthey first aid in medical business, introduce new Westcott cutting products, broadened distribution of our Camillus hunting knives and tools, and purchased tthey assets of two companies. We broadened our first aid and medical product lines, which now account for more than 55% of Acme United's revenues. During 2022 we expanded distribution in tthey industrial and retail markets in tthey United States and integrated tthey Med-Nap line of Prep-pads and BZK wipes into our refills. We also acquired Safety Made in June 2022 entering tthey market for personalized medical and safety products. In September 2022, we acquired Ready 4 Kits and merged it into Safety Made. Our team expanded distribution of our line of refills for industrial first aid kits during tthey year. Ttheyse are tthey components that are used in tthey kits and which must be added as items are used or expired. We introduced a new generation of technology in our first aid cabinets providing an easier option for replenishment of refills to our customers. Sales of refills in 2022 were a fast-growing annuity portion of our business. Our Westcott Group performed well in 2022 despite a very difficult retail environment. We continued as tthey largest supplier of scissors globally and our Westcott scissors became arguably tthey world's most recognized brand. We expanded tthey Westcott product line of ceramic cutters to open boxes and packages as well as introduce new high leverage sensors for use in tthey craft and industrial markets. Tthey Camillus hunting knife category was a solid contributor in 2022 and has gained new hardware and mass market distribution for 2023. Tthey Cuda fishing tool and -- tthey Cuda fishing knife and tool product family has grown from its roots in tthey offshore fishing market to best-in-class freshwater tools developed for a rugged environment. In Canada, we expanded our first aid and medical business through First Aid Central, which we acquired in 2020. We successfully introduced many of our US product lines to global customers in Canada and added major industrial distributors as well as retailers. At year end we leased additional space to double our first aid production capacity in Canada. In Europe, we acquired tthey Eumex [ph] product line of scissors and writing instruments to expand our office products offering. We continue to gain market share in first aid and medical products and have secured new listings for 2023. During 2022, Acme United initiated cost reductions that are anticipated to save over $5 million in 2023. Ttheyse savings are due to improved efficiency in our production and warehouse facilities, reduced transportation costs and lower spending in SG&A than in 2022. We believe tthey risk of supply chain disruptions has been reduced and we are now lowering our inventory. During 2023, our goal is to reduce inventory by $5 million and to use tthey resulting cash flow to reduce debt and fund potential acquisitions. While we are not providing guidance for 2023, at ttheir time we are focusing -- we are forecasting growth over tthey 2022 level with much improved profitability. I will now turn tthey call to Paul Driscoll. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $44.1 million, compared to $45.8 million in 2021, a decrease of 4% or 2% in constant currency. Sales for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 were $194 million compared to $182 million in 2021, an increase of 7% or 8% in constant currency. Net sales in tthey US segment decreased 2% in tthey quarter but increased 8% for tthey year ended December 31st. Tthey decline in tthey quarter was mainly due to some large customers reducing ttheyir inventory. Tthey growth for tthey year was primarily due to increased sales of first aid and medical products. Net sales for Europe increased 13% in local currency for tthey fourth quarter and 10% for tthey year ended December 31. Tthey sales increase for both periods was mainly due to new customers in tthey office channel. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 16% in tthey quarter due to reduced consumer demand for knives and fishing tools in comparison to tthey same period in 2021 wtheyn ttheyre were unusually high sales of ttheyse products driven by tthey pandemic. Customer inventory reductions also affected tthey fourth quarter. Sales for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 were constant in local currency. Gross margin was 32% in tthey fourth quarter of 2022, compared to 35.1% in 2021. Tthey gross margin for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 was 32.8% compared to 35.6% in 2021. Tthey decline in both periods was primarily due to higtheyr ocean freight and related transportation costs for imported goods. Also contributing to tthey decline were weaker currencies in Europe and Canada wtheyre we purchase most of our inventory in US dollars. SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 were $40 million or 32% of sales compared with $30 million or 28.4% of sales for tthey same period of 2021. SG&A expenses for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 were $57.3 million or 29.5% of sales compared with $52 million or 28.6% of sales in 2021. Interest expense for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 was $920,000 compared to $240,000 in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Interest expense for tthey year ended December 31 2022 was $2.4 million, compared to $900,000 for tthey same period of 2021. Tthey increase for both periods was due to higtheyr debt and higtheyr interest rates. And our overall average interest rate in 2022 was 4% compared to 2% for 2021. Our overall average interest rate for tthey three months ended December 31, 2022 was 5.7% compared to 2% for tthey same period in 2021. Tthey net loss for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 was $597,000 or minus $0.19 per diluted share compared to a net income of $2.3 million or $0.60 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2021. Net income for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 was $3 million or $0.82 per diluted share. Excluding tthey impact of tthey PPP loan forgiveness of $3.5 million net income was $10.1 million, or $2.57 per diluted share for tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Tthey three and 12-month 2022 results were impacted by tthey exceptional supply chain costs and higtheyr interest expense. Tthey company's debt less cash on December 31, 2022 was $55 million, compared to $40 million on December 31, 2021. During tthey year ended December 31, 2022 tthey company paid approximately $11 million for tthey acquisition of tthey assets of Safety Made and paid $1 million in dividends. We increased inventory during tthey 12-month period by approximately $9 million to prepare for continued growth and to be positioned to offset tthey impact of supply chain disruptions related to COVID-19. Tthey increase in inventory was also a result of higtheyr product costs. Our year-end inventory decreased $2.9 million compared to tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2022. We plan to reduce inventory by anottheyr $5 million in 2023.  Walter Johnsen  Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Please proceed with your question. Jim Marrone Yes. Thank you for taking my call. My question is in regards to tthey fourth quarter results. Now I understand tthey loss on tthey bottom line as a result of supply side constraints. But I'm just trying to reconcile with regards to top line why tthey softness in US and Canadian sales given that ttheyre's a reopening with regards to schools, offices and factories. And so if you can just share some light with regards to why tthey decrease in sales with regards to those two markets that would be great. Thanks. Walter Johnsen  Yes. Thank you. That's a very good question. Several of our major retail customers have been reducing inventory in a very significant way. And I'm sure you've read about Walmart, Target, Amazon all doing that kind of thing. And it's been a broad bruttheyyd reduction of inventory. At tthey same time that ttheyy have been reducing inventory, tthey consumer has continued to be spending. So tthey actual turns of tthey products continue to be reasonably strong and so ttheyy're driving down ttheyir inventory, and at some point that will be completed. We're estimating that to be pretty much behind us fairly shortly. Jim Marrone Okay. Great. Thank you. And so I know you're not giving guidance for 2023, but if you can just give us some idea with regards to what we could expect in tthey first quarter and second quarter. I would imagine it's going to be a return to profitability given that tthey supply side has kind of abated a bit. But can you give us some idea with regards to top line expectations as well as bottom line expectations? Walter Johnsen Well, a lot does depend on what tthey retail market does. And I know that Walmart has reported that ttheyir inventories are getting more in balance. We're expecting a solid performance in tthey first quarter and in tthey second. And I think I'd leave it at that. Clearly, tthey cost savings are being implemented and have been implemented. So -- and tthey container costs have gone to near theirtoric levels. So, that's all in our favor. But on tthey topline that's an area that I really can't control because it depends on tthey retailers reducing ttheyir inventory. But I would expect two solid quarters.  Jim Marrone Okay. Thank you. And just one last question. What are your expectations in regards to acquisitions for 2023? Are we seeing -- well, could we expect any activity with regards to maybe expansion of product line or geographical footprint? Walter Johnsen Probably won't be geographical footprint at ttheir time, but vertically integrating furttheyr in tthey first aid and medical area similar to what we did with Spill Magic and Safety Made, it's a very logical place for us to be looking as well as competitors who are directly against us in tthey first aid space. So, those are tthey two areas that I'd be looking at and I'm looking at. It's probably more towards tthey back end of tthey year if we do something.  Jim Marrone Okay. And so are you getting offers that are coming to you, or are you kind of looking out into tthey market? Walter Johnsen With our acquisition strategy, almost all of our deals are self-generated. So, tthey offers are really companies that we've contacted over tthey years and we continually stay in touch with ttheym. So, we're very, very unlikely to be acting on a book that's put by an investment banker. It's much more likely to come from one of our self-generated deals.  Jim Marrone Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please proceed with your question. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Paul could you refresh my memory on what were first aid sales as a percent of sales in 2021? Paul Driscoll Ttheyy were approximately 50% in 2021 and 55% in 2022. Richard Dearnley And ttheyn tthey square footage expansion in Canada is probably not a great deal of feat. Is that for tthey Canadian market, or is part of that for tthey US market as well? Walter Johnsen Tthey expansion is in Canada and it's for tthey Canadian market. As I mentioned in tthey conference call we're getting increasing business, not only from organic growth through our First Aid Central business, but also tthey multinationals that operate in Canada that are taking our products, primarily from tthey US and would like similar products made in Canada, which would of course be in our factory and ttheyn ship ttheyre. So, it's a combination of both. And First Aid Central has done a terrific job since we've acquired ttheym. Richard Dearnley Great. Ttheyn tthey $4 million cost saving estimate out of supply chain, I would guess that comes largely into cost of goods. Would that be correct? Paul Driscoll Correct. Richard Dearnley Yes. And ttheyn tthey $5 million of just cost savings, how might that break down between cost of goods and SG&A? Paul Driscoll It's a combination of both. It's probably 60% cost of goods, 40% SG&A. Richard Dearnley Great. And ttheyn, Walter, in your discussion, in tthey notes, were you implying that SG&A would be down in dollars in '23? Walter Johnsen I'm not sure, Dick. What I know is that, we continue to be facing inflation. So, I'm not sure about that. What I am sure about is, ttheyre's a solid chunk of reduction in tthey spending, in tthey aggregate pool, but that over -- tthey additional, I don't know tthey answer to that. We're also growing. So I... Paul Driscoll Because we're growing, SG&A is going to grow as well. Richard Dearnley Well, that's why I was -- just looking at tthey words and saying, hmm is that -- okay. Good. That's logical. Okay. Thank you. Paul Driscoll Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Peter Sidoti with Sidoti & Company. Please proceed with your question. Peter Sidoti Good afternoon. Paul Driscoll Hi Peter. Operator I'm sorry. It looks like Mr. Sidoti has disconnected by mistake. [Operator Instructions] It seems ttheyre are no ottheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey floor back to Mr. Johnsen for any final comments. Walter Johnsen If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheir call is complete. We look forward to sharing tthey first quarter 2023 results in April. Thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.