ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tim Fox - VP, IR George Chamoun - CEO William Zerella - CFO Conference Call Participants John Colantuoni - Jefferies  Ali-Ahmad Faghri - Guggentheyim Securities Arthur Moore - Truist Securities Alexander Potter - Piper Sandler  Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan  Robert Labick - CJS Securities Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACV Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Tim Fox, ACV's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tim Fox Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our third quarter 2021 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business is contained in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey 3 months ended September 30, 2021 that will be filed with tthey SEC following ttheir earnings call. Also during ttheir call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are available in our earnings release, which we issued a short time ago. Tthey earnings release is available on tthey Investor Relations website that is included as an exhibit in tthey Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC. And finally, we will be referencing our earnings presentation today, which you can find posted on our IR website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by thanking tthey ACV team for delivering anottheyr quarter of superior customer service to our growing dealer network and furttheyr differentiating ACV in tthey market with highly innovative products. As I will discuss in more detail later, tthey automotive industry is operating in unchartered territory with tthey macro factors creating both tailwinds and theyadwinds for ACV's business. While navigating through ttheyse crosswinds, we have continued to deliver strong performance with our financial results again exceeding tthey guidance we provided to you last quarter. Moreover, in addition to gaining market share, we are investing aggressively to extend our geographic presence, expand our technology lead and position ACV for sustainable long-term growth as tthey automotive market normalizes in coming quarters. Turning to Slide 3. I'll begin with highlights of our third quarter. As you can see, our momentum in tthey market continued in tthey third quarter wtheyre we transacted tthey second consecutive quarter with $2 billion of GMV. We sold 141,000 vehicles in our digital marketplace, a 19% increase year-over-year and an increase of over 100% on a 2-year basis. Revenue of $92 million was above tthey high end of guidance and represented 36% year-over-year growth. Our revenue outperformance can be attributed to 3 factors. First, we continue to execute on our proven playbook to grow market share by attracting new dealers into our ecosystem. Second, both ARPU and conversion rates after softening in late Q2 and early Q3 strengttheyned throughout tthey quarter. And third, attach rates of our value-added services were well above our expectations. Overall, we are very pleased with strong execution by tthey ACV team and continued customer adoption of our growing suite of offerings. As Bill will discuss in more detail, we have again increased our outlook for tthey year. We are now expecting to deliver 65% revenue growth for tthey full year, a full 25 points higtheyr than our outlook at tthey beginning of '21. To frame tthey rest of our discussion today, we will focus on tthey 3 top-level elements of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value: marketplace growth, TAM and product expansion, and operating scale. Let me begin with marketplace growth. On Slide 5, let's cover more details in tthey quarter. we transacted 141,000 units in Q3, which was 19% growth year-over-year and over 100% wtheyn compared with Q3 '19. Year-to-date, unit growth is up 46% compared to 2020. Tthey positive market trends I referenced earlier related to vehicle values contributed to GMV growth of 79% year-over-year and consistent with trends in tthey first half of ttheir year. Vehicle mix in our marketplace continued to move upmarket in Q3. In fact, since last year, tthey percentage of vehicles valued over $15,000 doubled to nearly 40% during tthey quarter. While elevated vehicle values will no doubt normalize over time, we believe ttheir higtheyr mix of frontline vehicles in ACV's marketplace is sustainable, resulting in a long-term tailwind for ARPU. Moving to Slide 6. We thought it would be theylpful to provide context on tthey dealer wholesale market in relation to tthey broader automotive market. As I mentioned earlier, ttheir is a case of competing crosswinds. Tthey 2 charts on tthey top row highlight trends in tthey used vehicle market. Sales of used vehicles remain elevated, nearly 70% above pre-COVID levels, reflecting strong consumer demand and elevated retail values. Tthey chart on tthey right shows how ttheir demand environment has translated into theirtorically high wholesale vehicle prices. Strong demand and pricing have been nice tailwinds for ACV, which you will see reflected in record level ARPU ttheir year. Tthey 2 charts in tthey bottom highlight tthey trends for new vehicles, which paint a very different picture. Tthey well-documented semiconductor chip shortages in tthey automotive industry have resulted in a steep decline in new vehicle sales. Tthey latest [SA] reading of around 12 million units is down 1/3 from pre-COVID levels. And days supply of light vehicles at franctheire dealerships has contracted to around 22 days versus theirtorical levels in tthey 60s. So why does ttheir matter? Consumer trade-ins for new vehicle purchases are a critical input into tthey dealer wholesale market, theirtorically representing a significant portion of tthey annual supply. With new vehicle inventories at such acute levels, tthey volume of trades entering tthey wholesale market has declined, resulting in a temporary contraction in tthey market we serve. I say a temporary contraction because tthey chip supply picture will no doubt improve in tthey coming quarters. And given tthey investments we're making in both territory expansion and technology, ACV is very well positioned to benefit from tthey resulting recovery in tthey wholesale market. Turning to Slide 7. Let me put a finer point on tthey supply dynamics in tthey market. Based on wholesale transactions from a sample of 1,000 ACV franctheire dealer rooftops, we estimate that tthey dealer wholesale market contracted 10% quarter-over-quarter in Q3 and 15% from Q3 '19. Ttheir market contraction effectively mirror tthey decline in listings per dealer that we observed in our marketplace in Q3. After increasing consistently through tthey first half of '21, ttheir KPI decreased approximately 10% during tthey third quarter due to tthey market conditions. Had listings per dealer remained consistent with Q2 levels, we would have transacted approximately 150,000 units in Q3 or year-over-year growth of 32%. Simply put, supply theyadwinds cost us about 13 points of unit growth, all else being equal. Despite ttheyse transient supply theyadwinds, our marketplace continues to attract new dealers. We reactheyd a record number of sellers in our platform in Q3, and tthey number of unique sellers increased by 34% year-over-year in tthey quarter. Tthey takeaway theyre is that while our industry is facing temporary supply constraints, ACV is gaining market share, attracting new dealers at an impressive pace and delivering strong revenue growth, which bodes well for tthey eventual automotive recovery. Next, on Slide 8. We are pleased with tthey great progress our ACV team is making on territory expansion. Over tthey next 60 days, we'll be opening tthey remaining territories to achieve our goal of 160 by year-end. Following each initial territory launch, we execute on our proven go-to-market playbook by investing in our inspection capacity, attracting dealers to tthey marketplace, creating tthey powerful network effect that we've repeated over 100 times across tthey country. By year-end, we'll increase our footprint by 30% and be positioned to engage with nearly all tthey franctheire dealers in tthey U.S. Moving on to Slide 9. Auction marketplace revenue growth was 22% year-over-year and greater than 200% growth versus Q3 '19. Note that tthey year-over-year comparison was against very strong Q3 '20 results, which benefited from pent-up demand created in tthey early months of tthey COVID pandemic. Turning now to Slide 10. Last quarter, I highlighted our consumer sourcing offering, Live Appraisal, that has contributed to our strong unit growth ttheir year. We are an early mover in ttheir category, enabling our dealers to offer consumers an efficient and effective way to sell ttheyir vehicles on ACV's marketplace. Live Appraisal has gained significant traction ttheir year with over 110% unit growth year-to-date, and it contributed a high single-digit percentage of our volume in Q3. Ttheir offering is being leveraged by dealers across tthey country today with Live Appraisal sales in 48 states ttheir year, and we plan to expand our offerings in tthey coming quarters. So stay tuned for more on that front as we continue to penetrate ttheir large market opportunity. Let me turn to tthey second element of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, TAM and product expansion. Moving to Slide 12. I will provide an update on our Private Marketplaces offerings that we launctheyd in June. Ttheir private auction platform leverages ACV's marketplace technology to enable dealers to optimize trades within ttheyir dealer groups, maximizing both profit and speed. Private Marketplaces provides ACV with anottheyr avenue to engage with tthey largest dealer groups in tthey country, create new revenue streams and generate a seamless downstream supply for ACV's open marketplace. Private Marketplaces also lays tthey technology foundation for a commercial offering we plan to launch in 2022. We are seeing strong initial demand with over 20 large dealer groups live today. We are especially excited about a recent partnership with one of tthey largest dealer groups in tthey country operating hundreds of rooftops. Following an extensive field test against tthey incumbent vendor, ACV was chosen to power ttheyir private trading network. We won ttheir engagement based on tthey scalability and flexibility of our Private Marketplaces platform and tthey quality of our market-leading inspection capabilities. Tthey initial phase of our partnership focused on supporting tthey dealer group's high-growth consumer sourcing business. We ttheyn expanded tthey scope to include ottheyr private network transactions like aged inventory. Ttheir key strategic win with a market leader is a testament to ACV's core strengths around technology, innovation, customer engagement and inspection capabilities. We look forward to updating you on Private Marketplaces adoption in tthey coming quarters. Turning now to Slide 13. We are also very excited about tthey market traction of our programmatic buying offerings. It's tthey early days, but ttheir innovative way of enabling dealers to engage with our marketplace already contributed a low single-digit percentage of units in Q3. Our buying API is live today with dealers who have technology platforms that integrate directly with ACV's real-time APIs to generate bids on our marketplace. We're engaging with a diverse set of customers that include large dealers, rental car companies and a leading specialty auto parts supplier. In addition, our programmatic buying user experience is in beta with 8 dealers and will be launching by year-end. Ttheir offering will enable tthey rest of our dealer partners to participate in programmatic buying in our marketplace by creating inventory wish lists to automatically source ttheyir inventory needs. Ttheyse programmatic buying capabilities togettheyr with our nationwide inspection team enables ACV to offer a highly efficient and trusted experience, which we believe will deliver superior results for our dealer partners. Moving to Slide 14. We are making great progress with our MAX Digital integration. Tthey teams are fully engaged in tthey tech integration front while developing joint marketing and sales campaigns. MAX Digital's pricing guidance, merchandising and inventory management products are a natural complement to ACV's current data services that togettheyr create exciting growth synergies. We look forward to sharing updates on ACV's vehicle intelligence strategy in tthey coming quarters as we launch our integrated offerings in early 2022. Turning to Slide 15. Let me wrap up ttheir section with an update on our value-added services. We are making significant investments in tthey technology and resources to scale ACV Transportation and ACV Capital. Ttheyse investments are driving strong top line growth by delivering highly differentiated services to tthey market while also creating efficiencies for both our partners and for ACV. ACV Transport continues to be a key enabler of attracting new buyers to tthey platform. Our growing carrier partner network and fast cycle times resulted in attach rates of around 50% in Q3. Recall that our initial plans assumed reaching a 50% transport attach rate within 2 years. Tthey transport team achieved ttheir milestone in just 3 quarters. ACV Capital continues to gain traction in tthey market, and like our transport business, is tracking atheyad of tthey milestones built into our long-term targets. Capital attach rates reactheyd tthey mid-single digits in Q3, with loan volume improving around 30% quarter-over-quarter. Tthey new finance offerings we launctheyd in June are translating into strong revenue per loan growth, which has increased over 15% since tthey beginning of tthey year. We continue to be excited about tthey revenue and margin opportunities for our capital business with expected revenue growth of nearly 300% in 2021. In summary, Q3 was anottheyr proof point that we have created exciting new avenues of long-term growth for ACV by leveraging our powerful data capabilities, expanding our features across our technology platform and driving adoption across our growing suite of digital solutions. With that, let me hand over to Bill to take you through our financial results and also how we're driving growth at scale. William Zerella Thanks, George, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q3 financial performance, having again delivered upside to both our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance despite tthey challenging macro factors George outlined earlier on tthey call. Turning to Slide 17, I'll begin with a review of our third quarter results. Revenue of $92 million was above tthey high end of guidance and generated year-over-year growth of 36%. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $12 million or 13% of revenue was also very favorable relative to our Q3 guidance. Ttheir performance was driven by our solid revenue results in tthey quarter and underscores tthey intheyrent operating leverage in our business model. As expected, cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased year-over-year and was modestly above our expectations. Tthey year-over-year increase was driven primarily by tthey mix of ACV transport revenue, which increased approximately 600 basis points year-over-year and exceeded our expectations. Additionally, we incurred higtheyr arbitration costs associated with customer assurance revenues in Q3. However, we expect ttheyse costs to normalize in Q4, consistent with theirtorical norms. Total operating costs, excluding cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue, increased by approximately 900 basis points year-over-year, less than expected. Tthey year-over-year increase reflects our planned investments across our technology portfolio, operations and go-to-market functions, investments we're making to fuel our long-term growth strategy. Turning to Slide 18. I will cover some additional detail on revenue. We have a diverse revenue mix with approximately 85% of revenue evenly split between Auction Marketplace and service revenue, with tthey balance in customer assurance. As expected, Auction Marketplace revenue declined modestly quarter-over-quarter, reflecting constrained wholesale supplies in tthey market but was above expectations, primarily due to improved conversion rates throughout tthey quarter. Year-to-date, Auction Marketplace revenue was up 63% versus 2020, reflecting strong dealership acquisition and continued penetration of tthey wholesale market. Profitability in our Auction Marketplace remained strong in tthey quarter and consistent with tthey high 80% theirtorical rate. Our services business continued to outperform expectations with strong results in Transportation and Capital. Services revenue also reflects nearly a full quarter of MAX Digital. Moving to Slide 19, I would like to discuss tthey operating leverage in our business. Here, we're showing theirtorical adjusted EBITDA margin along with our updated outlook for 2021. As I mentioned earlier, 2021 is a year of significant investment for ACV. And as you theyard throughout our discussion today, we're delivering on our territory expansion plans, launching new offerings to drive additional market share and investing in technology to scale our operations. Ttheyse investments translate into a 57% year-over-year increase in operating expense, excluding cost of revenue. And despite ttheir increase, our adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be flat with 2020, again, highlighting tthey underlying operating leverage in our business model. Now I'll turn to guidance on Slide 20. For tthey fourth quarter of 2021, we are expecting revenue in tthey range of $83 million to $86 million, a growth rate of 54% to 60% year-over-year and a meaningful acceleration over our third quarter growth rate. Adjusted EBITDA loss is expected to be in tthey range of $22 million to $26 million. For tthey full year 2021, we are again raising revenue guidance. We are now expecting revenue in tthey range of $341 million to $344 million, a growth rate of 64% to 65% year-over-year and an increase of $8 million at tthey midpoint from our previous guidance. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $51 million to $54 million is approximately $11 million lower than our previous guidance. Our guidance assumes that strong used vehicle demand will persist throughout tthey balance of 2021, creating a positive backdrop for vehicle values in tthey market. We're also assuming that automotive supply chain challenges will likely continue to constrain new vehicle sales and associated trade-in volumes, which in turn may pressure wholesale vehicle supplies in tthey near term. And finally, on guidance. To my earlier point about our investment plans, we are expecting total operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue, to grow approximately 57% for tthey full year 2021. To wrap up my comments, let me highlight our strong capital structure on Slide 21. We ended tthey quarter with $600 million in cash and equivalents, $152 million of which reflects tthey float in our auction business. Note that we generated $16 million of cash flow from operations during tthey quarter due to an increase in tthey float on our marketplace since June 30. Tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully, driven by business trends in tthey final 2 weeks of each quarter. We ended Q3 with $500,000 of long-term debt associated with our ACV Capital business. Given our strong cash position, we continue to optimize our cost of capital, and at current levels are self-funding tthey ACV Capital business. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are pleased with our execution in tthey third quarter while navigating through tthey short-term supply theyadwinds. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share within our existing customer base, which positions ACV for strong customer growth going forward. We are executing our territory expansion plans. Our latest offerings are gaining traction in tthey market and see some very promising growth synergies emerging for our MAX Digital acquisition. We have a proven business model that can deliver scalable growth with attractive unit economics and structural operating leverage that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from John Colantuoni with Jefferies. John Colantuoni So I wanted to start with share gains. It looks like dealer wholesale was down 10% sequentially in 3Q, which means ACV continued to gain share. Maybe you can talk about how dealer wholesale trended sequentially last quarter in tthey context of ACV's nearly 20% sequential increase in 2Q just to give us perspective on how tthey trajectory of your share gains has trended over tthey past couple of quarters. And I've got a follow-up. George Chamoun Yes, certainly, John. I'll start and ttheyn Bill and Tim could ctheme in accordingly. But first, thanks for tthey question. As we mentioned, wholesale -- tthey dealer wholesale overall as a segment, wtheyttheyr it be physical or digital, just tthey wholesale category for dealer was down about 10% as a category, we believe. And we -- so that -- we were -- our units were obviously down less than that, but as a category, we saw that wholesale with all of tthey changes in tthey market that we described was down. We, in turn, we've had significant gain, obviously, in new sellers, record-breaking new sellers, wtheyre we've been launching our products, taking more share. So we did better than tthey overall market for dealer wholesale, so very proud of tthey results with really our ability to grab additional share. Bill, do you want to add any more? William Zerella No. I think -- yes, I mean, tthey only thing I would add, John, is that, look, ttheyse are estimates to tthey best of our ability, trying to kind of scope out and try to figure out what tthey market has done over tthey last few quarters and year-on-year and what tthey trends have been. So ttheyse are our best estimates based on tthey data that we can see on our side. John Colantuoni  Great. And just wanted to ask a question about tthey programmatic buying tool. Maybe talk about how quickly you expect to ramp it in Q4 and how you'll be marrying it with tthey auction platform. And maybe you can talk about if you see it providing any gains to overall conversion rates on ACV. George Chamoun Yes, certainly. So yes, conversion rates have been very strong on ACV. So we're very proud that we've really -- from a conversion perspective, tthey platform is operating extremely well. Programmatic buying is just going to add additional capabilities from really ensuring our sellers are really getting tthey right value for ttheyse vehicles. As you know, ttheyre's 2 phases of our programmatic buying: first, tthey API; and ttheyn second, tthey user experience. Tthey API, some of tthey largest sort of dealers and ottheyr types of buyers are already integrating with. And we're already starting to have low single-digit percentage of our buying is happening programmatically, which is obviously fantastic. Meaning, ttheyse dealers are buying cars in tthey platform with computers automatically based on ttheyir preference. Tthey user experience that's in beta right now with low handful of dealers, I would say, today, we're not broadcasting how many, is going really well. Tthey dealers love tthey product. It allows ttheym to really create ttheyir wish list. So for dealers that don't have a technology team or don't have a platform we can integrate, we have ttheir programmatic user experience. So far so good. So I think we'll see it make, I think, a more material impact more likely throughout next year just because tthey rate of getting dealers trained, getting ttheym onto tthey system. But in tthey meantime, we're already executing extremely well from a demand perspective. John Colantuoni  Maybe if I could squeeze one more in. Can you talk a little bit about -- if you're able to talk a little bit about October, given wholesale prices have started to move back toward an upward trajectory beginning in late August, maybe how does that impact conversion rates and unit sales since tthey end of Q3? William Zerella Yes. John, it's Bill. Yes. So just if we kind of look back over tthey last few months going to tthey beginning of Q3, as we talked about on our last call, we saw conversion rates declining in July through August on our platform as basically prices started coming down week over week. What we observed since ttheyn, though, was an increase in conversion rates in September. So we started seeing really a lot of strength on our platform in September. That continued through October and has continued through November so far. So we're certainly seeing a lot more stability in tthey market. Prices actually started moving back up a bit in September. And I think you've theyard probably similar comments from ottheyr companies in tthey ecosystem. So we've observed tthey same kind of dynamics on our platform as well. Operator Our next question comes from Ali Faghri with Guggentheyim. Ali-Ahmad Faghri So I guess on your fourth quarter guidance, can you theylp us better understand what that embeds maybe for volumes and ttheyn GMV per unit, perhaps relative to tthey third quarter? Even directional commentary would be theylpful. William Zerella Yes. Ali, it's Bill. So first, on GMV, you can assume it's roughly similar to what we've seen in Q3. So no dramatic shifts in that regard on GMV. In terms of tthey ottheyr factors affecting guidance. As I mentioned earlier, we've really seen strength on our platform in October, an improvement in conversion rates, so more velocity on tthey platform. That's continued so far in November. That said, we know that Q4 has seasonal factors associated with it as we get towards tthey holidays. So we have assumed those dynamics ttheir quarter as in previous years. Wtheyttheyr or not ttheir year is different or not, who knows, but we've assumed it's kind of consistent with tthey same seasonal trends. So we baked that into our unit modeling. So you can expect potentially ttheyre is some modest decline in units quarter-on-quarter. But tthey counter dynamic that we had baked into our numbers is tthey new number of additional sellers that we have on our platform as well. So you've got kind of puts and takes. But that hopefully gives you some sense directionally. Ali-Ahmad Faghri That's theylpful. And ttheyn as a follow-up theyre, on your transport attach rates of 50%. As you mentioned, you hit your midterm target in just 3 quarters. So wtheyre do you think transport attach rates can go from theyre? George Chamoun I think over tthey -- between now and as we guide to our long-term plan between now and, let's say, March, I think we'll provide more guidance in ttheir area. Obviously, we need new goals since we're already hitting our long-term goals ttheyre. I think what's really exciting is not only tthey metrics we're hitting. I mean we're really hitting -- tthey KPIs are going well. We look at actually -- we're making a little bit of money, wtheyre Transport's starting to really turn into a fantastic business, and we're still in tthey early days. We just launctheyd ttheir carrier app. We put a dedicated tech team for Transport, tthey metrics of us turning around cars quicker and quicker. You're starting to see all ttheyse dealers sending us just unbelievable sort of happiness. Like I can't believe I ordered tthey car, it was shipped to me within 24 hours. So we really just think about taking a step back. I mean 50% has been a great accomplishment. We're making a tiny bit of money, and that should just improve. That's incredible. Tthey KPIs are going well. So I think we're really seeing within ACV is Transport was almost looked at as additional value add, but it's going to become a significant business. So hopefully, that gives you a little more color. But to your point, we're going to need updated goals and objectives since we've already hit our prior ones. Ali-Ahmad Faghri That's theylpful, George. And ttheyn if I can squeeze one more in theyre. On tthey launch of tthey commercial private marketplace platform, I think you said 2022. Should we expect that in tthey first half of tthey year or tthey second half? Because I think originally, it was -- your plan was to launch it maybe at tthey end of ttheir year, and it seems to have been puttheyyd out a little bit. And ttheyn as part of that. Are you beta testing that product with any FinCos? Is it being developed? And do you expect to have customers in place wtheyn that product is launctheyd? George Chamoun Yes. Thanks, Ali, for bringing that up. On tthey private marketplace for dealers, it's going extremely well, probably going better, faster than we were even expecting. You probably saw as part of tthey updates already of 20 dealer groups, we're launching about a dealer group a week right now. We shifted a little bit of tthey resources to focus on capabilities ttheyse big dealer groups wanted ttheir year, and that's why you're seeing us say, theyy, we probably won't launch our commercial offering until probably now closer to Q2. As you know, wtheynever you're building ttheyse things, you really are prioritizing. But tthey work we're doing on tthey dealer group side is just incredible. And just remind you all why. You end up getting first look at ttheyir inventory. So tthey dealer groups will get a trade. Ttheyy get a trade or have an aged inventory. It goes into our platform first. And with that, we end up getting a first look at tthey open marketplace. So we're still very excited about tthey commercial opportunity. It's also been a good time to probably double down in dealer. As you know, commercial as a segment is going to stay relatively low next year compared to prior years. So I think in tthey bigger picture of things, wtheyttheyr we end up launching it in late Q1, early Q2, you're just seeing us prioritize what our dealer groups have needed ttheir year, and that has worked out extremely well. Operator Our next question comes from Arthur Moore with Truist. Arthur Moore Actually, just a follow-up on tthey last question. Maybe I'm just missing something. But with ttheyse new -- tthey new ACV private marketplace and getting ttheyse dealer groups engage, what's tthey benefit to ttheym to first start out on ttheir private marketplace versus tthey original ACV platform? I guess I'm not seeing tthey distinction and why ttheyy would do one or tthey ottheyr, so just a clarification ttheyre would be theylpful. George Chamoun Yes, certainly, Arthur. So thank you. Tthey -- our open marketplace is a fantastic way for dealers to sell ttheyir wholesale cars, right? So wtheyttheyr it's a fresh trade, wtheyttheyr it's an aged car, and to your point, we've had that for tthey last handful of years as a fantastic solution. What private marketplace solves is for dealers to have a platform to first sell cars within ttheyir group before letting those vehicles go into open marketplace, with ACV's or any ottheyr auction. So look at it as like tthey order of operations. Like what comes first? Dealers want to make sure ttheyy're wholesaling tthey right vehicles, and ttheyy're not wholesaling vehicles that belong to ttheyir group. So ttheyre's been a couple of, I would say, competing solutions theirtorically that have tried to do ttheir. So we weren't tthey first, I would say, come up with tthey idea, but we were tthey first to execute extremely well in ttheir category. And so what allows tthey dealer group to take, wtheyttheyr it be a fresh trade or an aged car, have ttheyir group in on it. Anottheyr use case that's come out of ttheir is dealer groups are buying cars from consumers at a group level. And let's say ttheyy buy x 100 cars from consumers in a given month, ttheyy don't necessarily know wtheyre that car will land, wtheyttheyr it will land at ttheyir Ford store or ttheyir Ctheyvy store. So what some of ttheyse groups are leveraging ACV for, again, as ttheyy're buying cars from consumers, it goes into ACV Private Marketplace first. And ttheyn if ttheyy decide not to keep it within ttheyir group, it gets wholesaled on ACV. Arthur Moore  Absolutely. No, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn presumably, ttheir could be something -- and I think you mentioned that ttheir could also be used with off-lease vehicles that are also traded in with ttheyse dealers. And we're giving ttheym tthey first look with ttheyir ottheyr franctheire dealers as well. Is that a fair point? George Chamoun Yes, that's correct. And as Ali was mentioning, ttheyre's off lease. Ttheyre's ottheyr categories within commercial, like fleet and ottheyr categories. We -- what those companies need is a little bit more of a co-brand or a white label solution, wtheyreas our current platform is within tthey ACV Auctions proper. So we've got a little bit more work to do ttheyre to really have more of a white label platform than sort of an embedded co-branded solution. I'm trying not to get too technical theyre, but ttheyre's just a little bit more requirement that we need to deliver on before we can really match what tthey commercial partners are looking for. And ttheyn ttheyy'll also get tthey ottheyr benefits of ACV, which is our inspection capabilities, more data per car. So think ttheyre are certain capabilities we still need, which we will deliver next year, and ttheyn ttheyy also get tthey benefit from our ottheyr sort of strong and differentiated capabilities. Arthur Moore  Absolutely. And ttheyn my ottheyr question just relates to seeing obviously very impressive operating leverage despite tthey meaningful investments. Could you talk a little bit about maybe some of tthey scale benefits you're seeing in some of your older markets? Wtheyttheyr it's tthey scale from you're building up tthey sales team, maybe some improvements on tthey inspection teams, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're just being more efficient. And ttheyn also, I would love to theyar your thoughts on, as you are expanding into new markets, what you're seeing from a labor standpoint being able to attract talent. So all that would be theylpful. George Chamoun Yes, I'll start and ttheyn Bill can also ctheme in. We're -- our mature markets are really, really going as planned. So we're -- we've been able to hire tthey talent in our mature markets. We've been able to increase efficiency. I mean you're seeing we're using a lot less capital ttheir year than we had originally planned throughout tthey year. So tthey business has become -- has really operated extremely well. Bill could add a little bit more ttheyre. In addition to what's going on in tthey field, our product and technology -- and I'm glad you asked tthey question. We haven't done updates so far in sort of our platform for inspections and ottheyr capabilities that maybe we'll do in tthey next earnings call. But we're really -- we're doing a great job of updating our inspections platform. It theylps in that efficiency. It theylps in delivering more superior results. But I would just say at a really high level, so far, so good. We're really delivering as planned. Bill, do you want to add anything else? William Zerella Yes. I guess what I would add, Arthur, is, look, again, ttheir has been an investment year for us. And we're investing, frankly, across tthey entire business in pretty much every way that we can, right? So we're basically investing in order to be able to scale ttheir company as we get to much larger levels of volumes in a very efficient way. And I think you're starting to see some of that. I wouldn't say ttheyre's any one particular area that I would point out. It's kind of broad-based across everything that we do operationally in terms of running tthey business. So again, I think, over time, ttheyse benefits will get larger as we grow in scale. But you certainly are starting to see some of that flow through tthey P&L ttheir year. Operator Our next question comes from Alex Potter with Piper Sandler. Alexander Potter Okay. Great. So I'm going to ask a question maybe that's a little unfair, but I'll ask anyway. You mentioned, obviously, you've got rictheyr mix coming in. Clearly, tthey GMV per unit is super, super high right now, partially because of tthey market, but some of it is more structural in nature, more permanent in nature. So if you're in my seat, and you're trying to build sort of a long-term model, looking out past all of ttheir COVID disruption to something that's more normalized, wtheyre do you think GMV per unit settles out? George Chamoun Alex, that's a fantastic question. I'm glad you led it with it, it's an unfair question. What did we model in out years, [Mike]? Unidentified Company Representative [indiscernible]  George Chamoun Yes. I mean we had -- Alex, I think it's a great question. In tthey long-term model we provided you all, we only had 12,500 in tthey long-term model. So it really is a great question. I'm not going to answer it. But I think what we're all sensing is we are starting to hit metrics that we would have predicted we would hit in our long-term model much sooner. We will need updated goals as we move along. I think it's a very fair question, but I don't think we're prepared to answer it yet. William Zerella Yes. Tthey only ottheyr thing I would add, Alex -- and yes, it is a good question. If you look at tthey 5-year model that we gave everyone in tthey syndicate for tthey IPO, right, we basically have already hit our ARPU projection from 2025 now. In fact, it was 3 73 in Q3. If you go back to tthey long-term model we gave you guys, in 2025, we had projected it at 3 71 in terms of Auction-only ARPU, right? So -- and to George's point, we've already exceeded tthey 5-year projection in terms of GMV per unit. So certainly, some of ttheir is a result of elevated prices for used cars, right? And that will start to moderate over time. But at least versus tthey longer-term targets that we put out ttheyre, we're already exceeding those. So... George Chamoun And I think one more thing. I think why you're pointing ttheir out is important as you are seeing our confidence that tthey ACV platform is being leveraged for a broader segment of vehicles. And we're -- and you're seeing us lean in a little bit more that we're going to see -- we believe we're going to see a broader product mix on ACV because I think our buying experience from eittheyr tthey programmatic APIs, tthey filters we've added over tthey last couple of quarters, tthey confidence, tthey low arbitration rate, tthey confidence, really tthey ease of buying ttheyse unbelievable cars, dealers buying consumer cars, flipping ttheym on ACV, ttheyse fresh, fresh units, you're really starting to see our confidence that mix is theyre to stay. Obviously, you'll see some price declines or whatever will happen in tthey industry, but mix is theyre to stay, and we're really excited. So Alex, more to come on ttheir as we start to sort of reupdate you all on our updated goals and objectives. Alexander Potter Okay. Great. That's actually a really theylpful answer. Maybe one last one ttheyn on ACV Transport. Obviously, tthey attach rates ttheyre are trending higtheyr than expected. That's all good to see. That's all top line commentary. It looks like profitability of that business is doing okay. It's at least some [non-0] number. Just any, I guess, commentary you can add on profitability in tthey most recent quarter and ttheyn looking forward for ACV Transport would be theylpful. George Chamoun So I'll start, and Bill can kind of ctheme in. To your point, efficiency across tthey business is going better than planned, right? And Transport is one of those areas wtheyre we are atheyad of plan. So if you ask why, it's -- we -- wtheyn we went public, we only had a few people on tthey tech team devoted to Transport. At least we now have over a dozen. So we just in full -- you've seen us be very transparent. We've been hiring, scaling our tech. We're now somewtheyre around 300-plus people in our product and tech organization across tthey board. So we've got tthey resources. We've got more resources we're hiring. You're seeing us plan in Q4 additional tech resources, right? You're seeing us lean in. We're doing a great job of expanding that team. And Transport is one of those areas that's starting to benefit. And we're just releasing some of ttheyse products. And it will theylp not only turn ttheir into a profitable business but also just as important is great KPIs for our dealers, right, wtheyre ttheyy're getting tthey cars faster. We're starting to get more scale. Carriers are saying great things about ACV. You've got carriers around tthey country, who ttheyir whole job right now is just fulfilling cars in ACV. Entrepreneurs across tthey country, that's literally how ttheyy make all ttheyir money. And so we're really proud of wtheyre we're at. And I think tthey tech investments, along with tthey team we put on, ttheir will create just additional efficiency and additional scale. Bill, I don't know if I left anything out. William Zerella No. I would just add, I believe we spoke about ttheir last quarter, that we've actually created automation in terms of sctheyduling and arranging for transports. And last quarter, we talked about 20% of all transport transactions were effectively fully automated, right? So no human touch. And that will just increase over time. So yet anottheyr example of... George Chamoun And ttheir part, we were just shy of 25%. Tthey 24-point-something percent, almost 25% of our dispatctheys ttheir past quarter, were done in a programmatic way wtheyre we had a carrier ready. So things -- like that's just anottheyr area wtheyre our team is just killing it. Operator Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta So just had like a broader question more around tthey competitive landscape. We have backlog numbers maybe flattish quarter-over-quarter, maybe slightly more -- down more in tthey U.S. CarOffer last night talked about a sequential decline. So you mentioned tthey overall market, you outperformed tthey overall market. But just within tthey digital dealer-to-dealer landscape, how would you rate your performance versus some of tthey peers? And ttheyn just broadly on competition. Are you seeing some more pressures theyre as ttheyse ottheyr platforms start to invest more? EBlock is going to come soon more aggressively in tthey U.S. So just broadly thoughts on competition and just your performance relative to ttheym in tthey third quarter. Any update on that would be theylpful. And I have a follow-up. George Chamoun Yes. Raj, it's George. Thanks again for tthey question. We -- my generic answer, without getting into any one of ttheyse hundreds of competitors we have, is we've had competitors from day 1. One of our competitors sells somewtheyre around 4 million cars a year. One sells a few million cars a year. Tthey digital guys, all of us in tthey aggregate, we're still a small percentage, right? And -- but we're -- in a way, to your point, tthey whole category is growing. So a way to look at last quarter is overall wholesale was down for tthey quarter more than likely for tthey category, dealer wholesale. And we had a record break in new sellers. I'm sure ottheyr folks are going to say ttheyy had record-breaking new sellers. And tthey segment is maturing. And I think tthey key is, like any business, what are you investing in. Are you investing in technology? And do you have tthey resources to invest in tech to really create something differentiated, solving tthey problems for our dealers? And we love our road map. We love our execution. Are you building tthey right culture? Are you building tthey right team? I love my team. I love what we're doing so far. And are your dealers like raving fans of what you're doing? And I believe we've got that going for us as well. So ttheyre's always going to be competition. We have had it from day 1, right, wtheyn we had very little resources, to today, we've got tremendous capital to work with. We've got great momentum. We've got a scaled tech and field team. So we're feeling good. Rajat Gupta Great. And just follow up to that. Tthey OpEx pickup theyre in tthey fourth quarter, is that just more trying to get atheyad of your investment curve, given like volumes are significantly down quarter-over-quarter? Just more... George Chamoun I'll start, and Bill can add in. Yes, over half of that is just us trying to hire more people. Bill can give a little more fidelity to it. But -- we're -- we've got dozens more of tech folks we're trying to hire, a few more sort of field resource folks on tthey sales side we're trying to hire. So ttheir is -- we've mentioned it's an investment area, but over half of that is trying to expand on tthey people side. But Bill, I don't know if ttheyre's any more fidelity we can add to that. William Zerella Yes. I mean what I would -- tthey only thing I would say, Rajat, is that, look, we're continuing to invest across tthey business as we had planned. Although that said, those investments have been lower than previously projected. So while we're investing and OpEx was expected to increase about 57% year-on-year for ttheir year, that dollar amount of investment is actually lower than we had modeled originally coming into tthey year. So we're kind of executing across tthey business on a lower level of OpEx spend, but we're kind of continuing to invest into growth, right, as we think about not just obviously tthey next quarter or two, but looking at over tthey next several years in terms of driving new product and new technologies into tthey market and operational efficiencies and kind of improvements that we just spoke about. But look, we're spending less money on tthey OpEx side than we had previously projected. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. Ttheyn just one last follow-up on just ttheir competition landscape. Are you seeing any sort of like -- are you worried about discipline theyre going forward as competitors come onboard? You just have like a lot of ttheym investing. And how do you get around that? And ttheyn you've talked about ttheir programmatic buying like ottheyr competitors have talked about to some extent. Just any color on tthey economics on that front related to that would also be theylpful. George Chamoun Yes. Our revenue per unit has been strong. We've -- we're -- to your point, ttheyre's been lots of competition out ttheyre. Ttheyre always has been lots of competition. Our revenue per unit is strong. We're adding a lot of sellers to tthey platform. We're doing that, obviously, even leveraging less operating resources than planned, right? So if you just look at ttheir as like if -- if you look at ttheir as like how are we performing amidst all ttheir competition, amidst all ttheyse changes in tthey marketplace, we're doing extremely well. And so that -- you always have to be aware of your competitors, you need to be respectful. But I'm more focused on our plan, what we said we were going to do, go out ttheyre building relationships with thousands of dealers across tthey U.S., building great products, building great platforms that we can grow in tthey future. And you're really theyaring us say we've -- we're really outperforming our plan, even though ttheyre's X, Y, Z competitors out ttheyre. Rajat Gupta Got it. And on tthey programmatic buying economics versus like just tthey traditional business, any quick thoughts on that? George Chamoun Yes. Ttheyre's two parts of programmatic. You really theyard me talk more about tthey buying side, which is ttheyre's really no difference on tthey economics. It's just a way to buy tthey vehicle. We haven't really announced yet any programmatic selling capabilities. You've seen us be a little bit more quiet on that. But I would say, at a really high level, we're -- those are all, to me, just features, is a simple way to look at it. And tthey revenue of sell and buy, in my opinion, won't go down. Ttheyre might be some opportunities over tthey next few years for some of ttheyse models to -- but I don't want to lean in yet and create any expectations to sort of -- could some of ttheir improve with some of ttheyse models. But I would say tthey simple way to look at it is ttheir new buying and selling capabilities, I don't have any -- you're not seeing any lack of confidence on what we've been doing from a revenue per unit and execution perspective. Operator Our next question comes from Bob Labick with CJS Securities. Robert Labick I wanted to go back to GMV per unit. Obviously, up materially year-over-year, and market has something to do with that. But it's also higtheyr than a lot of your digital peers, and it also grew faster year-over-year ttheir quarter than ottheyr digital peers. So you're obviously attracting a higtheyr price point, I guess, and a higtheyr mix. So maybe theylp us understand what you're doing differently that's enabling you to get ttheir better mix and faster, better mix, if that kind of makes sense. George Chamoun Yes, certainly, Bob. And obviously you've been watching ttheir for -- I don't know if I would tell everybody, I'll just call it at least a decade of auction experience. I won't date how long you've been watching ttheir industry. Robert Labick You're being kind. George Chamoun Yes. Tthey simple way to look at it is we really have now full coverage from a buying, from a demand perspective, wtheyre if everything starts with demand because supply, folks will try you. But if you don't have tthey right demand, ttheyy're not going to try you a second or a third time. Ttheyy're going to try you once, and ttheyy're not going to come back with that asset. And on demand side, we've got buyers for $100,000 cars. We've got demand for $75,000, $50,000, $25,000 for clean cars that have 0 CARFAX issues, and we've got demand for $40,000 cars with a bad CARFAX. So wtheyn you look at tthey whole segment, even though we started out as sort of that back of tthey dealership type of auction wtheyre you just got tthey aged stuff, we've grown up, and we're now a full service auction. And we now have all tthey segments covered. So ttheyn tthey question is why? Because as you know, we got a lot of that done before we got programmatic buying done. We got that done before some of ttheyse new features we just live. Tthey reason is, is ttheyre's confidence that ttheyre's trust in tthey inspection, ttheyre's trust in tthey brand of ACV. We're going to do tthey right thing. I could buy ttheyse assets. Now that we've built that trust with tthey best tech in tthey platform, tthey best people, are tthey use cases, wtheyttheyr it's buying cars from consumers and flipping ttheym on ACV, wtheyttheyr it's an aged car that's sitting under a lot that's 60 days old, that right now, from a wholesale perspective, is great, every use case you could think about, you know all ttheyse details, Bob. Each one of those now, we've got a buyer for that. And ttheyy're ready and ttheyy want ttheyse vehicles. So tthey more demand you have, right, tthey more confidence you get from tthey supply to leverage tthey broad power of our platform. Robert Labick Got it. Okay. Great. And ttheyn you hinted at ttheir and a little while ago in one of your answers, I think. But as inspections are critical to your success, I think you've talked about in tthey past, upgrading tthey inspection system. You've been integrating multiple inspections. Can you talk about tthey progress towards your, maybe for lack of a better term, next-level inspection system or wtheyn we might theyar more about that? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. Yes, we -- tthey internal code name is SIA, our single inspection app. We don't have a name for it outside. But Bob, it's going well. It's live right now. I believe we have over 30 inspectors... Unidentified Company Representative Inspector? George Chamoun Oh, so we have -- over 100 of our inspector teammates now are already utilizing ttheir. So it's really beyond, I would say, an internal beta. We're really actively rolling ttheir out. And wtheynever you're going from one platform to anottheyr, you really want to train your teammates. You want to make sure ttheyy're going from one platform to anottheyr. But just to remind everyone else on why ttheir was a big bad. It's actually one of our largest product and tech teams that we have theyre, which is our inspection platform. It allows us to not only do our wholesale inspections more efficiently, but in addition, it really walks our inspectors through tthey right things to do per car, and it's starting to bring some intelligence. It allows us with that same app to do commercial or off-lease or ottheyr types of inspections. Allows us to create reports on a vehicle. Let's say, for example, that specific vehicle has a bad CARFAX, meaning, it's been damaged or whatnot, we can send that report, wtheyttheyr it be to CARFAX or AutoCtheyck or ottheyrs. So think about multiple different use cases from one inspection platform. And yes, it's going well. We're out ttheyre. And by tthey, I would say, end of Q1, beginning of Q2, we would likely have all of our inspection team trained and moved over to ttheir advanced platform. Operator That's all tthey time we have for questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Tim Fox for closing remarks. Tim Fox Great. Thanks, Joseph, and I would like to thank everybody for joining us on tthey call today. We're going to be participating in a number of virtual investor events over ttheir next quarter, so please look for details on our investor website. We look forward to seeing you on tthey conference circuit in tthey coming months. And again, thank you for your interest in ACV, and have a great evening. George Chamoun Thanks. William Zerella Thanks, everyone. Have a good night. Bye. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey conference. You may now disconnect.