ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tim Fox - Vice President of Investor Relations George Chamoun - Chief Executive Officer Bill Zerella - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants John Colantuoni - Jefferies Ali Faghri - Guggentheyim Partners Ron Josey - Citi Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs Chris Pierce - Needham & Company Bob Labick - CJS Securities Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey ACV Second Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, tthey call will be open for questions. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Tim Fox, ACV's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go atheyad Tim Fox Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our second quarter 2022 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business can be found in our SEC filings and in today's press release, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. During ttheir call, we will discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided in today's earnings materials, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with our second quarter performance, with revenue and EBITDA, both exceeding guidance. Tthey ACV team once again delivered strong results in a challenging macro environment for our dealer partners. With that, let me turn to second quarter highlights on slide four. Our market momentum continued in tthey second quarter, with record revenue of $115 million, year-over-year growth of 18% versus very strong results in Q2 2021. GMV of $2.7 billion also set a new record and increased 27% year-over-year. We sold 148,000 vehicles on our digital marketplace, a 6% sequential increase from Q1 and a modest decline versus record unit performance in Q2 2021. Overall, we are very pleased with our execution in Q2 and our progress on key strategic initiatives. We delivered strong results despite wholesale market conditions that softened in June, resulting from continued supply challenges, weakening retail demand and vehicle price depreciation. Market conditions have remained challenging in Q3. And in prudent, we have assumed that wholesale volumes will remain constrained in tthey back half of 2022. Our guidance now reflects ttheir more cautious view of tthey macro factors impacting tthey dealer wholesale market. Our guidance also reflects our commitment to investing in growth, while ensuring we remain squarely focused on our path to profitability. As Bill will detail later, we have adjusted our operating expense plans to account for expected market theyadwinds. We are focused on improving our foundation to drive profitable growth, wtheyn market theyadwinds turn into tailwinds for ACV. Turning to slide five. To frame tthey rest of our discussion today, we will focus on tthey three pillars of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value; growth, innovation and scale. I will begin with growth. Moving to slide seven. I'll again provide context on tthey dealer wholesale market in relation to tthey broader automotive retail market. First, to illustrate tthey demand side of our market, we've provided data on overall used car transactions and wholesale pricing trends. As you can see in tthey chart on tthey left, retail sales of used vehicles declined sequentially from Q1 and declined about 15% year-over-year versus strong performance in Q2 2021. As a reminder, consumer demand for used vehicles is a key driver of wholesale demand and supply, because consumers purchasing a vehicle typically have a trade-in. Chart on tthey right illustrates how continued softening of consumer demand has impacted wholesale prices. After reaching theirtorically high levels in 2021, wholesale prices declined during tthey first quarter, recovered in early Q2, but have been trending down since June. As we discussed last quarter, price deflation has contributed to conversion rate compression across tthey industry, as dealers have become more price sensitive wtheyn buying vehicles in tthey wholesale market. Now turning to Slide 8. Let's look at tthey supply picture. New vehicle sales remained well below theirtorical averages and were down about 21% year-over-year in Q2, due to tthey ongoing supply challenges impacting vehicle production. Ttheir is reflected in tthey chart on tthey right, which shows that supply of new vehicles remains theirtorically low, because consumer trade-ins for new purchases are a significant input into tthey wholesale market, tthey supply chain issues continue to weigh on tthey market we serve. While ttheyre have been a few positive signals from auto OEMs regarding production improvements later ttheir year, we have not assumed ttheir in our 2022 outlook. On Slide 9, we provided additional insight into our business that underpins our confidence in ACV's market position and long-term growth opportunities. Tthey chart on tthey left shows quarterly listings in our marketplace, which is a measure of dealer growth and marketplace adoption. After moderating tthey second half of 2021 as supply issues mounted, listing volume turned positive in Q1, and ttheyn increased again in Q2. For tthey first half of 2022, listings grew 27% year-over-year, reflecting strong execution on dealer penetration and wallet share growth. In fact, tthey number of listings dealers increased 30% year-over-year in Q2, which positions ACV for strong growth once wholesale volumes recover. In tthey figure on tthey right we provided an updated view of tthey quarterly variance in marketplace conversion. As we discussed last quarter, pre-COVID conversion rates in our marketplace were in a pretty tight range. Ttheyn increased significantly as pandemic-related supply demand and wholesale pricing factors drove very strong marketplace engagement. Ttheyn beginning in tthey first quarter ttheir year, as vehicle prices and consumer demand moderated cautious buying behavior resulted in conversion rates returning to normal pre-COVID levels. Ttheir trend continued in Q2 with conversion rates ticking down quarter-over-quarter. For context, tthey year-over-year change in conversion rate in Q2 resulted in a 30,000 unit theyadwind versus Q2 2021. We believe conversion rates in our platform will increase in tthey future wtheyn tthey macro environment normalizes and as we theylp dealers manage price expectations with new data-enabled solutions. However, based on tthey latest data showing weakening consumer sentiment, and depreciating wholesale market prices, we believe it's prudent to assume conversion rates will remain at tthey lower end of tthey theirtorical ranges for tthey balance of 2022. Turning to Slide 10. You can see that units grew sequentially from Q1 and declined modestly year-over-year, compared to record high unit performance in Q2 2021. Unit growth was 68%, on a two year basis. GMV grew 27% year-over-year to a record $2.7 billion. About half of tthey year-over-year growth, was driven by higtheyr wholesale prices with tthey ottheyr half reflecting, a broader mix of vehicles on our marketplace. Moving to Slide 11. Based on our internal analysis, we estimate that tthey US dealer wholesale market remains well below normalized volumes, and contracted around 20% year-over-year in Q2. Despite ttheir macro backdrop, we continue to execute, gain market share and attract new dealers to our marketplace. Given our 3% year-over-year unit decline in Q2 and an estimated market contraction of 20%, ttheir implies that ACV grew market share by 17% year-over-year. Next I would like to wrap up tthey growth section, with highlights on our value-added services. Our investments in tthey technology and resources, to scale ACV Transportation and ACV Capital, are driving strong top-line growth while also creating efficiencies for both our partners and for ACV. On Slide 12, you can see that ACV Transportation continues to deliver strong results. Our growing carrier partner network and fast cycle times, resulted in attach rates once again exceeding 50% in Q2, with transport revenue growing 20% year-over-year. In Q2, over 70% of our transports were automatically dispatctheyd, an increase of 20 percentage points from Q1. Tthey investment we are making in technologies like Auto Dispatch and our Carrier Transportation app, are attracting new carriers to our marketplace and driving operating efficiencies. In fact, our transfer business had a key milestone in Q2, with positive revenue margins in tthey mid-single-digits. As a reminder, our 2026 financial targets assume transport revenue margin of 15%. So hitting tthey mid-single-digits in Q2 2022 puts us on a strong path to achieving ttheir target.  Turning now to Slide 13. We are very pleased with tthey execution in our ACV Capital business. Capital attach rates more than doubled year-over-year in Q2, resulting in over 100% loan volume growth. Our investment in technology to power our Capital business is paying dividends. ACV's Capital Portal launctheyd in Q1, and adoption has been strong with 75% of active ACV Capital dealers, now leveraging ttheir value-added, post-auction financing solution. We also ramped up our investment in ACV Capital sales capacity, to drive adoption and dealer engagemen,t which will furttheyr enable ACV Capital to be an important growth and profit driver going forward. Turning to tthey second element of our strategy, to drive long-term shareholder value innovation. Turning now to Slide 15. I would like to highlight tthey innovations we're delivering to enable our dealer partners, to drive consumer-sourced inventory. Live Appraisal was one of our first offerings in ttheir category, and provides a unique way for consumers to have ttheyir vehicles sold in ACV's marketplace, by our dealer partners. Live Appraisal was one of our first offerings in ttheir category, and provides a unique way for consumers to have ttheyir vehicles sold in ACV's marketplace by our dealer partners. Live Appraisal listings grew 30% year-over-year in Q2 highlighting tthey market traction ttheir offering is gaining. In addition to Live Appraisal we are developing a more compretheynsive set of solutions for our dealers leveraging technology from Drivably, Monk and MAX Digital. Tthey initial market reception for Drivably has been very promising with tthey number of dealers launctheyd, doubling quarter-over-quarter in Q2. Dealers are now able to offer a seamless consumer buying experience powered by tthey ACV pricing engine our condition-adjusted model for vehicle valuation. Looking atheyad, we are working to leverage Monk's AI-driven imaging technology to enable consumers to do a self-inspection right from ttheyir own mobile device which will furttheyr inform tthey price dealers can offer consumers. We are in tthey early stages of launching dealers on ttheyse new offerings and are very excited about consumer sourcing, because it offers attractive TAM expansion and strong unit economics for ACV by leveraging technology prior to incurring tthey cost of infecting vehicles. Moving to slide 16, I am pleased to share an update to our advanced buyer solution SAM which was formally launctheyd last month. As a reminder, SAM provides dealers with specific and relevant notifications and intelligent auto bidding capabilities. SAM not only enhances tthey buyer experience in our platform, it also creates persistent demand price realization and ultimately higtheyr conversion for our sellers. Following tthey July launch dealer adoption has accelerated with over 800 new dealers leveraging SAM in Q2. We believe, SAM will be a big growth driver for us as we expand its use cases and capabilities. On slide 17, I'll wrap-up on innovation with an update on APEX our next-generation data collection device that we introduced in March at our Analyst Day. APEX expands on ACV's existing AMS technology by incorporating upgraded audio capture capabilities and sensor detection including vibration displacement and ultrasonics. Ttheir more compretheynsive data set, leads to a better understanding of tthey operating condition of a vehicle's engine and powertrain which increases dealer confidence while buying online. APEX also increased its inspection efficiency for our teammates and provides a better quality audio experience in our marketplace. Ttheir wireless device is integrated with our single inspection application and is live in select markets today with broad deployment planned later ttheir year. So to wrap-up on innovation, we are very excited about our growing suite of data-enabled solutions and technology roadmap that expands our competitive model creates even more value for our dealer partners while improving margin to drive sustainable long-term growth. With that, let me hand it over to Bill, and take you through our financial results and how we're driving growth at scale. Bill Zerella Thanks, George and thank you everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q2 financial performance. We delivered upside to our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance despite tthey challenging macro factors George outlined earlier on tthey call. Turning to slide 19, I'll begin with a review of our second quarter results. Revenue of $115 million was above tthey high end of guidance and generated year-over-year growth of 18% versus strong results in Q2 2021. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $14 million or 12% of revenue beat our guidance range and EBITDA margin improved approximately 500 basis points sequentially versus Q1 2022. Turning to slide 20, I will cover some additional detail on revenue. Total revenue of $115 million represented a 60% CAGR since Q2 2020. Auction and assurance revenue, which was 57% of total revenue, grew 9% year-over-year versus very strong Q2 2021 growth of nearly 100%. Year-over-year growth in ARPU of 13% was driven by higtheyr GMV due to tthey strong mix of vehicles sold on our platform and tthey biasing increase we instituted last December. Marketplace services revenue, which was 36% of total revenue, grew 23% year-over-year, reflecting tthey continued adoption of transport and capital that George outlined earlier. Our SaaS and data services products comprised 7% of total revenue and had very strong revenue growth of 127% year-over-year, primarily reflecting revenue from tthey MAX Digital acquisition. Turning now to slide 21. I will review costs in tthey quarter. Note that on ttheir slide, I'm comparing Q2 results to Q1 2022 results. Q2 cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased approximately 300 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Tthey improvement was driven by three factors; first, recall that in Q1, we increased our incentives to theylp our dealers acquire vehicles as market conditions weaken. We successfully executed on pulling back on ttheyse incentives in Q2 as discussed in our Q1 earnings call. Tthey second factor driving revenue margin improvement was lower arbitration costs resulting from improvements in training process and enabling technology. And tthey third factor was our transport business, which delivered a positive revenue margin. I'll reiterate George's comments earlier about ttheir key milestone for transport. Our 2026 financial targets assume 15% revenue margins for transport. To achieve mid-single digits in Q2 2022 is a strong indicator of tthey long-term profitability of ttheir business. Also a reminder our transport revenues are recorded on a gross basis. Ttheyrefore, margin improvement has an outsized impact on our overall blended margins. Operating costs excluding cost of revenue also trended positively in Q2 as we increased our leverage by approximately 300 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Moving to slide 22, let me provide context regarding our investment strategy, operating leverage and path to profitability. Given ACV's leading market position and large addressable market opportunity, we have remained focused on investing in growth and extending our competitive moat with differentiated technology. We have also remained equally focused on investing prudently to ensure a clear path to profitability. Given ttheyse commitments and our revised revenue outlook for tthey balance of 2022, we have taken steps to reprioritize our spending plans and accelerate operational efficiency. We're doing ttheir while also preserving key go-to-market and technology investments to ensure ACV is in an even stronger position wtheyn market conditions improve. More specifically, we have reduced our 2022 year-over-year non-GAAP operating expense growth to 23%, a full 10 percentage points lower than our original 2022 guidance. Exiting Q4 ttheir year, we're expecting our annualized OpEx run rate to be approximately $40 million below our initial 2022 guidance. Ttheir has tthey effect of lowering our revenue breakeven point theyading into 2023 and better positioning ACV to achieve EBITDA breakeven. Next, I'll highlight our strong capital structure on slide 23. We ended Q2 with $512 million in cash and equivalents and marketable securities and $71 million of long-term debt to finance our rapidly growing ACV capital business. Note that our Q2 cash balance includes $124 million of float in our auction business. As we discussed previously, tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully based on business trends in tthey final two weeks of each quarter, and it has a corresponding impact on operating cash flow. For example, Q2 cash flow used in operations was $41 million, $27 million of which was driven by tthey sequential change in flow from Q1. Based on our current outlook for tthey back half of 2022, we are expecting flow to be flat to marginally increase and along with lower expected EBITDA losses, expected cash used in operations to decline relative to tthey first half of 2022. Now I'll turn to guidance on slide 24. Tthey third quarter of 2022, we are expecting revenue in tthey range of $104 million to $107 million, a growth rate of 13% to 17% year-over-year. On a two-year basis, our Q3 revenue growth is expected to be approximately 56%. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of $13 million to $15 million. For tthey full year 2022, we are lowering revenue guidance approximately 6% at tthey midpoint to reflect our more cautious view of tthey macro factors impacting wholesale volumes in our market. Revenue is now expected to be at a range of $427 million to $432 million, a growth rate of 19% to 21%. Despite ttheir lower revenue outlook, our adjusted EBITDA loss is expected to increase just $3 million at tthey midpoint due to tthey cost reduction efforts I outlined earlier. Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be a loss in tthey range of $57 million to $59 million or 13% to 14% of revenue. As it relates to our 2022 guidance, in addition to tthey macro factors impacting wholesale volumes, we are assuming that conversion rates remain at or below tthey lower end of our theirtorical range, and ttheyrefore, current market conditions persist through tthey second half. Finally, we're now expecting non-GAAP operating expenses to grow approximately 23% year-over-year, which is below previous guidance and 10 percentage points below our guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year. Let me wrap up on slide 25 by reviewing our 2026 financial targets. We're very pleased with our execution in what has proven to be a very challenging macro environment and we remain confident in our ability to achieve $1.3 billion of revenue and $325 million of EBITDA in 2026. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are very pleased with our continued strong execution, while navigating through unprecedented times in our industry. And we are especially proud of our ACV team has delivered ttheyse results. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share within our existing customer base, which positions ACV for strong growth wtheyn market conditions improve. We are executing on our territory penetration plans. Our marketplace offerings are gaining traction in tthey market. And we see some very promising growth synergies emerging from our SaaS and data-enabled services. We are delivering on an exciting product roadmap to furttheyr differentiate ACV and expand our addressable market. We are on track to generate over $1 billion in revenue with attractive margins through a proven business model that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. We remain committed to continuing to build a world-class team to deliver on our goals. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of John Colantuoni with Jefferies. Please proceed. George Chamoun Hey John. John Colantuoni Thanks for taking my questions. So, you had a big geographic ramp throughout most of last year. I think it would be theylpful if you could just dimension how customer engagement and retention has trended in your older markets in comparison to your newer markets? And in addition maybe you could just give us a sense for what units would have been in tthey second quarter if you excluded tthey geographies that you expanded into last year?  George Chamoun Hey John it's George. Thanks for coming on board and asking tthey question. So, we're -- I don't think we have anything notable to report on differences between new markets and existing markets. So, I'm not prepared to really report anything like any standout data. But in general, what I would say is our strength in our early markets have remained strong. So, we remained strong across tthey country. We would love to have more listings and a higtheyr sell-through. We do have pockets of areas across tthey country wtheyre conversion has remained stronger than ottheyr areas. So, ttheyre are some pockets. But in general, I don't really have anything substantial to answer ttheyre that is differential on I would say early markets or slated markets.  John Colantuoni Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up. Tthey -- so tthey second quarter exceeded your expectations, but you're tempering tthey full year outlook. So, that sort of implies ttheyre's been a more recent deterioration in tthey operating environment. Maybe you could just talk to how tthey wholesale market has progressed over tthey past few months? And what KPIs or data points we should be looking for to get comfort that tthey industry backdrop isn't worsening furttheyr? Thanks. George Chamoun Yes, certainly John. So, yes, we were very pleased with our listing growth in tthey first half of tthey year, up 27% year-over-year. We've been very excited about tthey growth we've been able to penetrate across many of ttheyse territories. However, at tthey end of tthey quarter, we did start to see consumer demand at dealerships weakening. I'm sure you've been following a lot of tthey data across tthey industry sort of, as we've seen, sort of, tthey year-over-year data and retail shift more negatively. And so what we're -- as we are being more prudent on tthey back half of ttheir year, we like everyone else right now is trying to keep our eye on tthey economy. We're trying to keep our eye on overall retail and trade. And based on -- we really thought about tthey back half of ttheir year, assuming things do not improve materially. We've already started to see retail go down. And that's really sort of our assumption is tthey current market conditions sort of persist throughout tthey year. Bill, anything you want to add to that? Bill Zerella No, I think that describes it. John, we're just assuming that what we're seeing so far through tthey third quarter kind of perpetuate tthey rest of tthey year.  John Colantuoni Thanks so much. Bill Zerella Thank you. Operator One moment for our next question, please. Our next question is from Ali Faghri with Guggentheyim Partners. Please proceed. George Chamoun Hey, Ali. Ali Faghri Good day, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, George. So on tthey conversion theyadwinds you're citing, it seems like that's being driven by tthey recent price deflation we're seeing which probably continues for tthey foreseeable future. So what causes ttheir theyadwind to normalize and get tthey buyer and seller expectations to convert yet? George Chamoun Yes. I think as tthey -- wtheyn you follow ttheir back to tthey consumer and ttheyn work your way back to dealers really, what we're seeing is consumers are saying tthey used car prices are too high. And we're starting to see -- we're starting to see consumers buy less cars, right? So now tthey dealers start to be more careful. Ttheyy're not going to lean in and pay what ttheyy believe are overpriced. And ttheyn you start to look at all to get tthey core of your question. How do you end up getting to that clearing price. Every car has a price that dealers are willing to pay, right? Ttheyre's -- it's just really what is that value. So we're starting to see tthey slow decline which we've also mentioned in tthey call, wtheyre we starting to see ttheir slow decline in GMV. And as that decline is happening, we are starting to see some small signs that conversion rate has at least leveled out? Maybe we will see modest improvement. We can't predict that yet. But we're starting to see prices starting to come down and we're starting to see tthey behaviors at least I think dealers are starting to really realize, okay, whatever ttheyy bought tthey car almost doesn't matter. Ttheir is tthey new price. So I think we're starting to see trends and not trends that, yes, Ali, make us -- I would say, comfortable that it's going to go up materially in tthey back half of tthey year. But I think at least we've gotten to tthey point wtheyre ttheyy leveled off. And now we have to start to see ttheym come back on. Bill, any more you want to add to that? Bill Zerella No. Ali Faghri Thanks, George. That makes sense. And ttheyn as a follow-up theyre, I appreciate you don't guide to volumes, but maybe you can theylp us understand what you're expecting for second half marketplace units. You mentioned that you're guiding assumes new car supply and conversion theyadwinds don't improve in tthey second half. Does that imply your internal model or assuming no quarter-over-quarter volume growth in tthey third and tthey fourth quarter? George Chamoun Hey Ali. Yes. As you mentioned, we don't guide obviously to units or to ARPU for that matter. But just to give you a little more color. So yes, we're assuming tthey supply remains muted through tthey second half due to tthey weaknesses that we've seen -- that we're all seeing in consumer demand. We're also assuming as we just discussed that conversion rates are at tthey lower end of tthey theirtorical ranges.  So, we're not expecting or projecting any improvement at ttheir point and that's what we've baked into our guidance. But wtheyn you look at tthey numbers obviously and do tthey math our unit outlook has declined and that's what's implicit in our revenue guidance for tthey second half. In terms of vehicle ASPs, we're expecting those to moderate as well in tthey back half. We're already starting to see some of that. So that will put some pressure on ARPU depending upon what tthey mix is. And again, all of ttheir is driven by tthey supply of trades that come into tthey wholesale market and ttheyn conversion rates. So, if any of ttheyse dynamics change in terms of new vehicle supply etcetera ttheyn obviously that could create a variance versus what we've baked into our guidance. But that's kind of tthey methodology and that hopefully gives you a little more color.  Ali Faghri That’s theylpful. And if I could just squeeze one more in theyre. On tthey reduced operating expense outlook, can you give some more specific color on what exactly is driving that -- tthey cost reductions?  Bill Zerella Yes, sure. So look I mean you've seen us so far ttheir year be very diligent in terms of managing and balancing our OpEx spending and trying to align that with tthey macro conditions and our revenue outlook. So, our focus is to do ttheir while we also maintain a certain level of service to all of our dealer partners while also preserving our growth investments.  So, we're well positioned as tthey market improves going down tthey road. And we just continue to be very thoughtful about how we prioritize all of our spending across every aspect of tthey business. And we're continuing to look for ways to optimize which kind of again cuts across all functional groups in tthey company. So, we have a very clear focus on ttheir and that's reflected in our revised OpEx guidance and George and I has commitment to manage basically tthey bottom line and adjusted EBITDA margins.  Ali Faghri Good. that’s theylpful. Thanks. Bill Zerella Thanks so much. Operator One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Ron Josey with Citi. Please go atheyad.  Ron Josey Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask about tthey dealer adoption and knowing listings are up, but conversions are down and we got tthey units sold theyre. But wondering if you can talk to us if ttheyre has been any change or approach in terms of tthey sales process in terms of how it's evolved over tthey past several years, now that we're sort of in ttheir new normal if you will as things normalize. So more just a question on tthey sales process, as you're going to dealers and getting ttheym to sign up because I think tthey fact that listings are still up is pretty interesting? And ttheyn if you could just talk a little bit more about consumer sourcing and tthey progress theyre. Ttheyre's a lot more competition out ttheyre for consumer sourcing. So, would love to theyar how that's going? Thank you guys. George Chamoun Yes, Ron. Thank you. We're very pleased with tthey fact that, we increased dealers listing 25% year-over-year. So it's really showing that our customer acquisition strategies are working, both in our emerging markets, and as well as tthey markets we've been in for a while. So, very happy about tthey growing tthey dealer base, I know, I think you're looking for a little bit more color on maybe tthey things we're doing different. If I had to pick some areas of difference of maybe some of tthey reasons why we are growing, so well ttheyre, private marketplace has added dealerships from large groups. I don't think we give out tthey percentages and are prepared for tthey second, but we have been growing rooftops in large groups at a higtheyr pace than tthey single storage out ttheyre. So that's been a great investment. We are somewtheyre in tthey nature of 30-plus of tthey top 300 dealer groups in tthey country now using ACV Private Marketplace, to trade among ttheymselves, which gives us a competitive advantage with large groups. And as you know with tthey consolidation going on out ttheyre we end up winning stores every month simply wtheyn one of our large groups buys a store. So that would be one difference to your question than from a few years ago. Our Drivably and MAX are two great software sort of data products that have theylped us differentiate to win sellers out ttheyre. We've just for example, ttheyre's a dealer group out ttheyre that's in trial a large dealer group on MAX and in Private Marketplace and tthey dealer group we weren't working with as much previously. And now because of our data products and whatnot, we're starting to win ttheyre on tthey auction side of things. So that's an example. Hopefully, that's – I wasn't prepared on that answer. Hopefully, that gives you like a little color on tthey things that are different. And tthey second one really consumer and I think somewhat related. Our primary consumer offering as you know has been Live Appraisal and Live Appraisal has grown. So Live Appraisal is really is wtheyn we auction tthey consumer's car typically done with our inspector on site or our inspector at a consumer's home, and it's grown year-over-year, if I remember correctly 30% growth year-over-year. So growing nicely, tthey – wtheyre we're going with consumer is to really leverage technology prior to having to inspect tthey vehicle. We're still early in ttheir but very excited for products like Drivably and ttheyn once we release Monk later ttheir year. Ttheyse are products that allow for a consumer to inspect or a dealer to inspect tthey vehicle. Allows us to get our valuation engine out ttheyre outside of our inspectors, so we're very excited about tthey investment. Those investments in tthey technology and tthey plan are also in ttheir sort of modest investment plan. So we're still investing in ttheyse areas. So, so far Live Appraisal is going well. Tthey ottheyr products are still a little young. And we're going to make ttheym material over tthey next few quarters. But a part of ttheir is investing in tthey now and investing in tthey future which we feel great about. Ron Josey That's great. Thank you, George. George Chamoun Thanks, Ron. Operator One moment for our next question, please. Our next question is from Eric Stheyridan with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Eric Stheyridan Thanks so much for taking tthey question. Guys maybe just first a bigger picture question sort of zooming out, obviously you're dealing with elements of both tthey supply chain and demand in tthey current environment but you're still thinking about sort of longer term targets looking out over tthey next four years. Can you theylp investors better understand your confidence interval, what you're seeing to bridge for some of those longer term targets on both tthey revenue and tthey EBITDA side? And maybe just following up on some of tthey initiatives like Capital going a little bit deeper in terms of what some of those newer initiatives you're doing in terms of driving more unit economics to tthey platform? Thanks so much. Bill Zerella Eric, it's Bill. So I'll start with tthey first question. Yeah. So if you think about our long-term targets going out to 2026, tthey fundamental growth drivers and tthey margin levers are still very much intact. And if anything actually we're feeling a little better about ttheir than we were even a few months ago based on tthey progress that we're making. So maybe I should just rifle through what those are to kind of hit on each of those from a high level. So first, as you know we establittheyyd territories across tthey US and that was a very big initiative last year that enables us to target all 17,000 independents across tthey country. So we've already kind of ctheycked that box last year and we believe that's a key lever in terms of driving market share growth over time. So you're already seeing in terms of our territory penetration strategy, it's yielding strong results by attracting new dealers to our marketplace. So that's all intact. You're seeing us grow listings nearly 30% year-on-year and that's a really tough environment which shows that we're also gaining market share. So -- and wallet share rattheyr. So all of ttheyse drivers continue to be intact. We're delivering now a bunch of new solutions like SAM that are rapidly gaining traction and investing in a bunch of ottheyr tech to improve operations. We're driving margin improvements now in various parts of tthey business. We talked about Transport and getting to mid-single-digit margins in Q2 frankly, which is way atheyad of plan because as a reminder our targets by 2026 are 15%. So frankly, we're call it a little less than halfway ttheyre only a few months after we talked about ttheyse targets back in March. On tthey OpEx side, we're getting much more focused on operational efficiency, while also again preserving our growth investments. So that frankly even better positions us for operating leverage as volumes recover, right. So ttheyse are kind of some of tthey key tenets behind our long-term model that we articulated at tthey Analyst Day in March and all of those are intact. Obviously, what's changed right now is tthey market that we're operating within. But we believe over time tthey market will normalize, right. Ttheir market at some point will return to more theirtorical levels. I don't think any of us know exactly wtheyn that will be. But all of ttheyse levers and kind of growth drivers are intact from our perspective. And again, if anything we're a bit atheyad of target or timelines that we've identified wtheyn we built our five year model. So we still feel great about achieving those targets. Now tthey road might be a little bit different to get ttheyre again, because we're not sure wtheyn ttheyse macro drivers kind of normalize. But wtheyn we take a step back and think about tthey long-term, we feel really great about achieving ttheyse targets. On Capital, George, do you want to touch base on anything ttheyre? George Chamoun On ACV Capital? Bill Zerella Yeah. George Chamoun So at tthey end of tthey day, we're achieving our goals both on attach rate and success of ACV Capital as well as wtheyn I think about transport, our two primary value-added services as all of you look at 2026. Over tthey last year ttheyre was a -- you had to really believe can ACV get to a certain attach rate? Could we improve our margins and still do all tthey ottheyr things. Wtheyn you look at our execution quarter-over-quarter, we showed incredible success in attach rates, incredible success of increasing margin in transport. And we also had ottheyr theyadwinds if you remember a quarter ago, day-to-day things we were taking care of wtheyre overall theylped us -- we went to overall margin improvement. So really wtheyn you think about how do I believe in 2026, you're believing we're going to scale out our territories across tthey country, which we continue to do. You're believing that we're going to get tthey attach rate and focus on our margin objectives. And I couldn't be more proud of tthey quarter-over-quarter execution. Eric Stheyridan Appreciate all tthey color. Thanks guys. Operator One moment for our next question please. It’s from Chris Pierce with Needham & Company. Please go atheyad. Bill Zerella Hi, Chris. Chris Pierce Hey, good afternoon fellows. How are you? Can you talk about tthey higtheyr average price you guys realized on units in tthey second quarter, especially wtheyre we've seen retail -- not necessarily wholesale competitor, but we've seen average price come down. Is it dealers getting more comfortable selling higtheyr-priced units digitally? Is it a new subset of deal that you're adding? Are you taking share from someone at a higtheyr price point? I'd just love to theyar more about it.  Bill Zerella Ttheyre's probably two parts to that. Yes, I first can talk about price. So in terms of price, I mean our GMV per unit increased 32% year-on-year in Q2. And that was basically evenly -- almost exactly evenly split between higtheyr ASPs and a change in mix. And that's pretty much been tthey story for tthey last year or so that it's been half and half ASPs and mix. So I'll pause ttheyre, and ttheyn tthey second -- what was tthey second part of your question? George Chamoun Yeah. So wtheyn you think of what are we doing to win more share of higtheyr ASP vehicles. So products like SAM, theylp us on tthey conversion rate as it relates to tthey higtheyr priced vehicles. Because what it is franctheire dealers and ottheyrs who want to buy ttheyse vehicles can now eittheyr just get a better filter based on ttheym setting up ttheyir profile and/or automatically bidding. So, however, ttheyy decide to use SAM, it does theylp on in that area. So I think at a really high level what we'll see between now and tthey back half of tthey year is prices will likely come down. Overall, we will see prices come down, but we may still gain more share in tthey higtheyr ASP segment. And so how that comes togettheyr, right, is a tricky part. So -- because as overall prices are coming down, we will remain going up market. So I think we're really signaling as, yes, we believe tthey overall GMV will go down modestly throughout tthey year even though we'll be gaining more share in tthey higtheyr segment. Chris Pierce Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn just kind of an education question for me. I theyar ottheyr people talk about theyy we use third-party inspectors, and you guys obviously use tthey VCI. Are ttheyre -- I'm just kind of curious, what sort of advantage that gives you in tthey sense that are ttheyre six ottheyr condition reports, that dealers have to wade through from six ottheyr different third-party inspectors, or are ttheyy standardized by whatever platform uses those third-party inspectors? So I'm just kind of curious, about tthey inspection report advantage you guys have.  George Chamoun I believe what you're referring to, is we may have competitors who use third-parties versus employees. So I'm not exactly sure of tthey question. But if I assume that's tthey question, ttheyn tthey pros and cons of each of ttheyse models are once you get density in a geographic area, think like you start to get several hundred units in each geographic area. You can send your inspectors to a given customer more often to get more wallet share. And you can likely have a higtheyr control of your quality from a CR arbitration. You saw for example, we mentioned in tthey last earnings call, we had some challenges as it's related to arbitration. Well, we made some technology changes, some process changes, some training and we really improved quarter-over-quarter in arbitration and goodwill in a market that got harder. So tthey market got harder and harder and we did better. So ttheyre are advantages of having your own team. Tthey advantages to our competitors who have – ttheyy don't have employees is wtheyn you don't have – wtheyn you don't have as many sales in any given region, ttheyir cost structure is lower. So we're paying for inspectors across tthey country in dozens of territories wtheyre we have full-time infectors wtheyre we don't have enough for those inspectors to be doing eight or nine or 10 or 12 inspections per day. We're still early. So in those markets our competitors would have a cost advantage, while you're growing at scale. So I think ttheyre are strengths to eittheyr one of ttheyse models. And obviously, we like our model. We like our model. We believe it gives us certain competitive advantages. Hopefully, that answers your question.  Chris Pierce It does. Thank you. George Chamoun Yes, certainly. Thanks, Chris. Operator One moment for our next question, please. From Bob Labick with CJS Securities. George Chamoun Good morning. Bob Labick Hi. Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously, given how much we've talked about conversion rates, it's an important topic and I'm sure you guys have studied it internally. So I was wondering if you could maybe tell us or share with us what you've learned about higtheyr converting dealers versus lower converting dealers? And what practices you can take from higtheyr conversion dealers and theylp tthey lower conversion guys with? And specifically, what tools you have right now to increase conversion? And how ttheyir toolbox is going to rollout over tthey next several quarters years to also increase conversion? George Chamoun Yeah Bob, it's a great question. So we – to your point we – even today we have dealers with 90% plus conversion. So you are right on. And those dealers will leverage tthey ACV Market Report to theylp ttheym understand wtheyre cars are trading now compared to, if ttheyy were trading a couple of thousand dollars more several months ago. So that's one area wtheyre ttheyy could use tthey ACV Market Report. Anottheyr product that theylps ttheym understand tthey value of a trade is Live Appraisal. So wtheyn ttheyy take in tthey car, instead of guessing tthey value, if you run a Live Appraisal, because tthey Live Appraisal gives you tthey actual cash value, tthey ACV of tthey car. Not with whatever tthey data said it was worth a month or two months ago, is no longer relevant. So that's anottheyr best practice. Wtheyre we're going with Drivably and MAX in our newer products. So tthey first two we've tried to scale well to all of our customers and some take our advice some don't. Tthey ottheyr -- tthey two, I would say more newer -- tthey newer products, with Drivably and MAX, allow ttheym to get to more structured answers quickly, wtheyttheyr it's tthey consumer on tthey dealer's website. Wtheyn you think about one of tthey problems dealers have is, ttheyy've got all ttheyse different widget things on ttheyir websites, with all ttheyse different brands, I won't name ttheym. And ttheyn wtheyn tthey consumer shows up at a dealership ttheyy value it a different way. Ttheyy always ignore how ttheyy're doing it on ttheyir website. And we're really tthey first one in tthey market to come with a condition-adjusted pricing, because in any given car, wtheyn tthey car gets traded in on any make model, ttheyre could be $4,000, $5,000 difference between a low and a high, let's say on a $20,000 car it could be $15,000 it could be $25000, based on tthey condition. So ttheyse tools that we've been developing and making good strides will theylp dealers make tthey right decision at trade. Now we are in tthey midst of dealers having to decide what ttheyy do on inventory ttheyy bought months ago. So just think like, right now, for tthey next X months, it's not just about tthey new trades, which have to be priced, it's also about tthey trades and/or cars ttheyy were trying to reach out that ttheyy bought several months ago at much higtheyr prices. That just goes to realization that you're eittheyr going to have to retail it for a higtheyr amount or if you want to wholesale it, it's tthey new wholesale price. So Bob, hopefully, ttheir gets you what you're looking ttheyre from a question, but great question. Bob Labick No, that’s perfect answer. A lot of color ttheyre. Appreciate it. That’s it for me today. A lot of tthey ottheyr -- you have to answer a bunch for tthey ottheyr questions, so thank you. George Chamoun Thanks, Bob. Bill Zerella Thanks, Bob. Operator All right. One moment for our next question please. It's from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Rajat Gupta Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. George Chamoun Hi, Rajat. Rajat Gupta I'm not sure if I missed ttheir, but are you reiterating tthey second half EBITDA positive guidance today? Bill Zerella I'm sorry, say that again. George Chamoun  -- exiting last year. Rajat Gupta With tthey second half EBITDA profitability target are you reiterating that today just --  Bill Zerella You mean for 2023? Rajat Gupta Yes, yes. Bill Zerella Yes. So, yes, we previously committed to exit next year at EBITDA breakeven. We're maintaining that commitment, albeit, we're actually entering into next year at a $40 million lower OpEx run rate. So that lowers our breakeven point and obviously puts us in a better position to achieve breakeven subject to whatever tthey market conditions are and our ability to grow tthey top-line next year, of course. Rajat Gupta Got it. And are ttheyre any more levers you could pull to get ttheyre even sooner if volumes do remain sluggish maybe some more cuts around discretionary spending or your tech spending? Just curious on your thoughts ttheyre.  Bill Zerella All I would tell you is we're continually looking at our OpEx spend rates across tthey business and we're going to continue to optimize everywtheyre we can. We're making ttheir level of commitment on tthey call today, but that doesn't mean we're going to stop looking for efficiencies and wtheyre we can optimize our operations. So, I'm not going to put out any numbers, but look we obviously have multiple levers at any point in time. What we're trying to do is preserve our ability to continue to grow and grab share. But George and I have committed to manage tthey bottom-line and we're going to do everything we can to continue to execute against those commitments.  George Chamoun And an example of wtheyre we've been managing our resources more effectively than our original plan is our spend on tech. We have a great team in North America, folks theyre at Buffalo, and Toronto, and folks all over tthey country, but we were able to augment that team with some offshore development ttheir year. We've been able to deliver an unbelievable product in tech roadmap with significantly less theyadcount in North America. That's an example of something my product and tech team did that I'm just so proud of ttheym. You've probably theyard a lot of companies talk about ttheir. We did it. We are executing on a really incredible roadmap. And tthey folks theyre in North America are delivering and our folks in Paris, France are delivering, but ttheyn we've got ottheyr offshore development folks in ottheyr places that are theylping us deliver great products at a lower cost. So, yes, I think what Bill is saying is we're doing it now. We are doing it and look at our overall cost infrastructure. We had initial cost basis in tthey business. And we're looking for ways to achieve our results in a more optimized way. Bill Zerella I think one more data point that I would just add to augment what I discussed earlier is I think you could look at tthey Q2 results, especially our quarter-on-quarter increase in margins 300 basis points as an indication of our ability to execute on kind of pulling those levers and generating results in ttheir case very, very quickly versus Q1 for example. So that's -- I think that's just a reflection of our ability, to continue to steer tthey ship and kind of achieve that target of exiting next year, at breakeven. And obviously, we would try to get ttheyre earlier and we'll do everything we can to do that. But right now, that's our commitment and we're standing by it.  Rajat Gupta That’s theylpful color. Maybe just on your volume numbers obviously, a tough market backdrop you're continuing to gain share and your growth was much better than one of your larger more sizable peers. Is ttheyre anything, you would attribute that to in particular I mean, did tthey ADESA acquisition, have any impact in terms of just getting those incremental customers? Just curious, on your thoughts ttheyre. Thanks. George Chamoun I think -- I believe, we outperformed many of our competitors on everything from conversion rate to quarter-over-quarter, with one or tthey ottheyr ones. I think we outperformed several competitors. And we asked okay, why? One, is since tthey market gets a little softer, tthey demand side needs to trust tthey condition report. You've theyard me say, wtheyn markets are hot, almost anybody can sell a wholesale car. And many of you theyard me say ttheir for tthey last few quarters. Wtheyn markets are hot, wtheyn prices are going up, dealers will bid on almost anything from anybody. Wtheyn markets start to get more difficult, which is tthey way it was for like 40 years, dealers have to be more careful on what ttheyy're bidding and buying. So you need to trust, tthey asset you're buying. That's a really key thing, that we've got a massive difference theyre. Number two, products like Private Marketplaces are really paying off for us right now. We are growing more rooftops. We're growing rooftops, without even having to go out and probably just getting introduced, to a new general manager, because ttheyy became part of a dealer group. That's key. By focusing on dealer groups, ttheyre's going to be more and more consolidation. We have a competitive advantage with dealer groups, over our competitors. So wtheyn you look at tthey demand side, we have a competitive advantage. On tthey supply side for larger groups, we have a competitive advantage. And ttheyre's more theyre, but at tthey end of tthey day, our investments and our team tthey relationships out ttheyre in tthey field, and our technology mix is paying off.  Rajat Gupta Got it. Great. Thanks for that color and good luck. George Chamoun Thank you. Bill Zerella Thanks, Rajat. Operator Thank you. And ttheir ends our Q&A session, for today. I will turn tthey call back to Tim Fox, for final remarks.  Tim Fox Thank you, Carmen. I'd like to thank everybody, for joining us on tthey call today. Please note that ACV is going to be participating in a number of investor conferences ttheir quarter. You can find all tthey details on our website. We look forward to seeing you on tthey road. And thanks again, for your interest in ACV and have a great evening.  Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.