ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tim Fox - VP, IR George Chamoun - CEO William Zerella - CFO Conference Call Participants Ali Faghri - Guggentheyim Nat Schindler - Bank of America John Colantuoni - Jefferies Ron Josey - JMP Securities Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Alex Potter - Piper Sandler Nick Bacchus - Raymond James Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACV First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, tthey call will be opened for questions. I'd now like to hand tthey conference over to, Tim Fox, ACV's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tim Fox Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our second quarter 2021 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and of all factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Tthey discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business is contained in our quarterly report on form 10-Q for tthey three months ended June 30, 2021 and will be filed with tthey sec following ttheir earnings call. Also during ttheir call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for tthey most direct comparable GAAP financial measures are available in our earnings release, which we issued a short time ago. Tthey earnings release is available on tthey Investor Relations page of our website and is included as an exhibit in tthey Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC. Finally, we will be referencing our earnings presentation today, which you can find posted on our IR website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by thanking tthey ACV team for continuing to deliver superior value to our growing dealer network, which resulted in record second quarter results. I would also like to welcome our newest team members from Max Digital. We're excited to have you on board and look forward to working togettheyr as we deliver best in class data and digital technology to tthey dealer community. Turning to Slide three, I'll begin with highlights of our second quarter. Ttheyn share some perspectives on tthey automotive market. As you can see, our momentum continued in tthey second quarter wtheyre we transacted $2.1 billion of GMV and over 150,000 vehicles sold on our digital marketplace, both of which were records for ACV. In fact, we transacted more GMV in Q2 than we did during all of 2019 and we delivered very strong revenue of $97 million representing 117% year-over-year growth. Our strong topline performance can be attributed to three factors. First, we continue to execute on our proven playbook to grow market share by attracting new dealers into our ecosystem and by capturing additional wallet share within our existing dealership network. Second, theirtorically high used vehicle values along with theirtorically low retail inventories resulted in record quarterly GMV and ARPU, and also drove elevated conversion on our marketplace. And third adoption of our value-added services accelerated quarter-over-quarter, and was well above our expectations. Simply plus, strong execution by tthey ACV team, along with continued customer adoption of ACV suite of offerings and favorable market conditions yielded truly impressive financial results. Turning out to tthey broader market backdrop; we have clearly been operating in unchartered territory over tthey past year on both tthey demand side and supply side of tthey automotive market. And ttheyse market dynamics contributed to record financial performance in tthey second quarter for ACV. As a reminder, in our first quarter earnings call, we provided an outlook for tthey balance of 2021 that assumed a more normalized environment, particularly around used vehicle values. I think it's fair to say that our timing was off by a few months, but tthey market is indeed turning. Wholesale vehicle prices after peaking in early June, started to decline in July and continue to soften, which has been well-documented by tthey industry data providers. Tthey ottheyr half of tthey equation is supply. Last quarter, we also discussed how tthey lack of new car inventory due to tips shortages and ottheyr supply chain theyadwinds could factor in our 2021 performance in tthey second half of tthey year. In Q2 automotive franctheire dealers generally had enough supply to support strong retail performance. However, ttheyre's an emerging view that tthey third quarter or perhaps fourth quarter could be tthey low watermark for retail supply. Of course, ttheyse market dynamics are transient. In fact, most industry participants see tthey new vehicle supply challenge recovering in early 2022, which would be a tailwind for trade and volumes and benefit our wholesale supply. Ultimately, ttheir is great news for ACV. A more normalized pricing environment allows buyers and sellers expectations to converge, more supply coming into tthey market feeds tthey top of tthey funnel, which in turn drives higtheyr volumes in our marketplace. It will take a few quarters for ttheyse market dislocations to settle out. But in tthey meantime, we continue to execute on our plan and take market share. As Bill will discuss in more detail, we have again increased our outlook for tthey year and are now expecting to deliver approximately 60% revenue growth for tthey full year. For context, ttheir is a full 20 points higtheyr than our outlook at tthey beginning of 2021. To frame tthey rest of our discussion today, we will focus on tthey three top level elements of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value; marketplace growth, TAM and product expansion and operating scale. Let me begin with marketplace growth, turning to Slide five, we transacted 153,000 units in Q2, which was 74% growth year-over-year and 19% growth quarter-over-quarter. Due to tthey impact of COVID-19 on our Q2 2020 financial results, we included tthey comparison to Q2 2019, which as you can see was very strong at 174% growth. As I mentioned earlier, our unit growth was driven by continued market share gains as measured by tthey number of new dealers transacting on our marketplace and by increased wallet share from existing dealers. In fact, we added more sellers to our platform in tthey first half of 2021, ttheyn all of 2020 unit growth also benefited from very strong customer conversion on our marketplace, which was driven by tthey low supply environment I spoke about earlier. As expected, we did see conversion begin to normalize in July as market participants began to adjust to declining wholesale values. Tthey record GMV transacted in Q2 was a tailwind for our ARPU reaching a new high. GMV per unit of 13,900 increased of around 90% year-over-year, which reflects both higtheyr vehicle values and an increased mix of frontline vehicles transacting on our marketplace. While elevated vehicle values are transient, a sustained mix of frontline vehicles on our marketplace could be a nice long-term tailwind for ARPU. Moving on to Slide six, we continue to make great progress towards our territory coverage goal of 160 by year end. Ttheir will be about a 30% increase in our footprint since tthey beginning of tthey year and will position us to engage with nearly all tthey franctheire dealers in tthey US. We've continued to attract great talent across our organization with some pretty ambitious 2021 goals. To put ttheir in perspective, we ended Q2 with nearly 1700 ACV teammates effectively doubling our size over tthey past two years. Turning to Slide seven; one of our largest teams at ACV is our vehicle inspectors. Ttheir team has grown threefold over tthey past two years, supporting ACV's hypergrowth while delivering highly differentiated services to our dealer network and with increased territory density along with new technology investments; we're beginning to scale ttheir business, which is a key element of driving long-term operating leverage in our model. Moving on to Slide eight, you can see that our strong unit growth and increased ARPU yielded nearly a 100% auction marketplace revenue growth and greater than 270% growth versus Q2 2019. Turning to Slide nine, I'd like to highlight one of our offerings contributing to ttheir strong unit growth. In ttheir case through consumer sourcing, you've been theyaring a lot lately about direct consumer sourcing in automotive. ACV was an early mover in tthey category with our live appraise offering. We enable our dealers to offer consumers an efficient and effective way to sell ttheyir vehicles in ACV's marketplace. We inspect ttheyse vehicles at dealer locations or in a consumer's driveway and deliver a real time market-based offer based on what dealers are willing to pay. Live appraisals has grown significantly in recent quarters. In Q2 year-over-year unit volume grew more than 150% and accounted for high single digit percentage of our total volume and we plan to expand our offerings to theylp our dealers compete for consumer sourced inventory. Let me pivot to our second element of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, TAM and product expansion. Moving to Slide 11, I would like to highlight anottheyr feature ACV launch that enables highly efficient vehicle sourcing for dealers through programmatic buying. We have invested in two flavors of programmatic buying. Our buying API enables dealers who have ttheyir own technology platform or centralized buying centers to integrate into our real-time API, to bid on vehicles on our marketplace, based on ttheyir inventory wishlist, all without human intervention. Our second offering currently in beta is our buying matrix, which enables dealers, who don't have ttheyir own automatic bidding capabilities to create inventory wishlist within ACV's user experience, including vehicle type, condition, pricing and location parameters to fill ttheyir inventory needs automatically. Marrying ttheyse programmatic buying capabilities with our nationwide inspection team enables us to offer both highly efficient and trusted experience, which we believe will deliver better results for our dealer partners. Turning to Slide 12, I'd like to remind you about how our marketplace, data and technology combined to power significant network effects. As more marketplace participants join our platform, we can provide greater liquidity and a better experience leading to greater scale. Ttheir in turn enables us to collect more vehicle and market data, bringing greater efficiency and more products. Ttheyse reinforcing file effects continuously improve our digital marketplace and improve our data services for our customers. Ultimately, ttheir drives greater liquidity, greater scale and greater efficiency, which is demonstrated in our attractive unit economics. An exciting new addition to our data and technology capabilities is our acquisition of Max Digital. Moving to Slide 13, I'd like to touch on some key points about tthey Max Digital acquisition. Core to ACV's mission is our ability to provide automotive dealers with technology platforms and solutions to compete in a market that is rapidly shifting to digital. Max Digital is a leading provider of SaaS-based automotive data and software solutions that provides dealers with unparalleled capabilities to source and sell wholesale and retail vehicles. Max Digital's pricing guidance merchandising and inventory management products create data-driven insights that compliment ACV's current data services resulting in exciting growth synergies. Ttheyse synergies include cross-selling Max Digital's products into ACV's customer base and driving additional marketplace volume by arming dealers with tools to price and sell ttheyir wholesale and retail inventory more effectively. For example, ACV's pricing engine will be tied directly into Max's tools, theylping dealers more effectively buy and sell used vehicles. Ttheir is just one example of many exciting opportunities our teams are exploring, and we look forward to sharing updates going forward. Moving to Slide 14, let me wrap up ttheir section with an update on our value added services. We had an excellent quarter for both ACV transportation and ACV capital. Our transport business has expanded significantly over tthey past year and has been a key enabler of attracting new buyers to tthey platform. Our expanded carrier partner network and fast cycle times resulted in attach rates of around 45% in Q2, well above tthey mid thirties attach rates achieved in 2020. Tthey number of transfers more than doubled year-over-year to run 70,000 in Q2. ACV Capital, which is still in its early days has been gaining a lot of momentum in tthey market. Attach rates have approactheyd tthey mid single digits in Q2 with loan volume improving greater than 30% quarter-over-quarter. We also saw a material increase in revenue per loan, following tthey launch of our new finance offerings in early June. It should be noted that ACV transport and ACV capital are tracking atheyad of our milestones in achieving our long-term targets. In summary, as it relates to our TAM and product expansion strategy, I think it's clear that we have created some exciting new avenues of long-term growth rates ACV, by leveraging our powerful data capabilities, expanding features across our technology platform and driving adoption across our growing suite of digital solutions. With that, let me hand over to Bill to take you through our financial results and how we're driving growth at scale. William Zerella Thanks, George and thank you everyone for joining us today. Q2 was a record quarter for ACV across many key financial metrics, and we made significant progress on our longterm strategic objectives. On Slide 16, I'll begin with tthey review of our second quarter results. We delivered very strong top and bottom line results with revenue of $97 million, which generated year-over-year growth of 117% and was well above tthey high end of our guidance range. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $4 million or 4% of revenue was nearly flat versus Q1 '20 and was also very favorable relative to our Q2 guidance. Ttheir performance was driven by our strong revenue results in tthey quarter and underscores tthey intheyrit operating leverage in our business model. As expected cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased year-over-year and was in line with our expectations. Tthey year-over-year increase was driven primarily by tthey mix of ACV transport revenue, which grew 10 percentage points year-over-year and exceeded our expectations. Total operating costs, excluding cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue improved by approximately 1100 basis points. And we delivered ttheir improvement despite growing total operating costs, excluding cost of revenue by 76% year-over-year, once again, highlighting tthey leverage in our business model. Turning to slide 17, I will cover some additional detail on revenue. We have a diverse mix of products and services. Our auction marketplace revenue comprises about half of our revenue today with our customer shorts offerings and our value-added services making up tthey ottheyr half of revenue. We had very strong broad-based performance across our portfolio in Q2, most notably within our services business, that has noted benefit from high transport attach rates and in our auction marketplace business, which grew 98% year-over-year, profitability remained strong. Moving to Slide 18. I would like to discuss tthey operating leverage in our business theyre. Here we're showing theirtorical adjusted EBITDA margin along with our updated outlook for 2021. As discussed with you last quarter, 2021 is a year of significant investment for ACV. And as you've seen throughout our discussion today, we're delivering on territory expansion with nationwide coverage expected by year end. We're launching a host of new offerings to drive additional market share and adoption of our value-added services and we're investing in technology to scale our operations. Ttheyse investments translate into a 66% year-over-year increase in our operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue. And despite ttheir increase, our adjusted EBITDA margin is down just 400 basis points year over year, again, highlighting tthey underlying operating leverage in our business model. Lastly, on operating leverage note that we have absorbed Max Digital's expense base without impacting 2021 OpEx guidance, excluding cost of revenue. Now I'll turn tthey guidance on Slide 19, for tthey third quarter of 2021 we're expecting revenue in tthey range of $82 million to $85 million, a growth rate of 22% to 26% year over year, and an adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $20 million to $22 million. As a reminder, Q3 '20 was a very strong quarter for ACV with tthey year-over-year revenue growth of 112% as our business recovered from tthey COVID impacted second quarter of last year. As such we've included tthey two-year growth comparison, which yields approximately 160% growth relative to Q3 '19. For tthey full year 2021, we are expecting revenue in tthey range of $332 million to $338 million a growth rate of 59% to 62% year-over-year, and an increase of $25 million from our previous guidance. Adjusted EBITDA loss is now expected to improve by approximately $17 million to a range of $62 million to $65 million. As George discussed earlier and consistent with our comments already from last quarter, we believe it's prudent to assume that tthey favorable market dynamics driving elevated conversion on our marketplace, higtheyr unit prices and supply theyadwinds for dealers will continue to normalize in tthey back half of 2021. And finally, on guidance, my earlier point about our investment plans, we're expecting total operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue to grow approximately 66% for tthey full year 2021. To wrap up my comments, let me highlight our strong capital structure on Slide 20. We ended tthey second quarter with $664 million in cash and equivalents, $124 million of which reflects tthey float in our option business. note that we generated $27 million of cash flow from operations during tthey quarter due to an increase in tthey float of our marketplace since March 31, 2021. Tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully driven by tthey business trends in tthey final two weeks of each quarter. We ended Q2 with $500,000 of loans from debt associated with our ACV capital business down from $7 million in Q1. Given our strong cash position, we optimize our cost of capital by paying down tthey revolving credit facility and at current levels self-funded tthey ACV capital business, reducing interest expense. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are extremely pleased with our execution in tthey second quarter, which illustrates tthey momentum we're seeing in tthey market for our leading digital platform. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace. And by growing wallet share within our existing customer base. We are executing on our territory expansion plans. We're launching exciting new offerings that furttheyr differentiate us in tthey market. And we strengttheyned our data services and digital platform with tthey acquisition of Max Digital. We have a proven business model that can deliver scalable growth with attractive unit economics and structural operating leverage that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Ali Faghri from Guggentheyim. Your line is now open. Hi everyone. Ali Faghri Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So can you theylp me better understand tthey assumptions embedded in your second half outlook? In particular, I'm wondering about what type of volume growth in GMV per unit you're assuming in 3Q or 4Q? William Zerella Hey Ali. It's Bill. So, I guess a couple of thoughts first, right? Just kind of keep in mind first that full year guidance reflects about 60% revenue growth and that's substantially up from our initial modeling of tthey year at 40%. So, pretty big upward ttheyre. That said, similar to what ottheyr companies in tthey automotive space have signaled, right, we're seeing a contraction in conversion rates due to pricing normalization that's happening as tthey market adjusts and we've taken that into account in our guidance. Okay. So we're effectively leaning a bit more conservative on organic growth in tthey second half until we see tthey market reach equilibrium. I guess with that in mind, also a few ottheyr thoughts theyre. So keep in mind also that tthey second half of tthey year is seasonally weaker than tthey first half and Q2 is typically tthey strongest quarter, which of course was turbocharged as a result of tthey market dynamics in tthey quarter. That all said, right, we're going to continue to execute against tthey playbook we have in terms of adding sellers and buyers to tthey platform, expanding our footprint right on tthey go-to-market side, investing in tech with tthey thought that we're going to come out, tthey ottheyr end of ttheir market adjustment, being that much stronger. So we did, assume obviously that tthey market's adjusting and it's going to drive, some of ttheyse metrics tthey ottheyr way in terms of conversion rates and ARPU. Ali Faghri Got it. That's theylpful. And so I'm just digging in furttheyr, is tthey expectation that volumes can still grow quarter over quarter in tthey back half? George Chamoun So, we don't, we don't really guide Ali to unit growth, right? I mean, ttheyre's always put and takes between units and ARPU, right? So, we try to focus everybody in terms of what tthey revenue output will be. So we don't get to that level of fidelity typically, right. And again, it's going to be very much driven by market conditions. At tthey end of tthey day, we keep gaining market share. I think Q2, kind of reflected that really strongly in terms of adding sellers to tthey platform and buyers. So at tthey end of tthey day, we're going to keep doing tthey same thing and ttheyn, however ttheir plays out it's in part going to be dictated by how tthey market adjust ttheir quarter. Ali Faghri Great, great. That's theylpful Bill. And ttheyn just one more quickly on your comments about conversion, starting to normalize theyre as used car prices also start to normalize, shouldn't that also drive just more trade in supply making its way to auction. So, one thing we had theyard about is with new car supply constraint, a lot of dealers were just keeping a lot of ttheyse trade-ins to sell at retail versus potentially wholesaling ttheym. And so while used car prices, moderating could have a negative impact on conversion rates. Couldn't it theylp just tthey overall supply of cars that are being sent to wholesale auction? George Chamoun Hey, Ali it's George. I hope you're well, thanks for that question. Right now we are being prudent and we're assuming that based on what we're theyaring from dealers, that inventory is going to stay very short for Q3. We also, you mentioned ttheir earlier in tthey call, we said, Q3 and Q4 could ttheyse for leveling out. And, I think so going into 2022, ttheir will all be noise, right from our perspective and we'll -- I think right now we're assuming is dealers are going to still be in tthey same predicament and in summary, even assuming right now in Q3, it actually might be tthey tougtheyst, I would say phase of ttheir lack of inventory. So I think Ali that's really at least how we're thinking about tthey forecast right now and tthey lack of inventory. And to your point, does that mean dealers maybe keeping cars that ttheyy would have theirtorically wholesaled? I think, yes. I think that's already happening. We have to assume that for now. Fast forward as ttheyse new cars come back as tthey factories start to correct whatever issues or tthey chips or ottheyr constraints, ttheyy have our new car dealers will have more cars, ttheyy'll go back to selling tthey cars that ttheyir brand is really aims to be selling. And ttheyy'll come back to be wholesaling, tthey types of vehicles that theirtorically ttheyy also. Is that theylpful just to give you a little more of that color? Ali Faghri It is very theylpful. Thank you, George. And thanks Bill for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Nat Schindler from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Nat Schindler Yes. Hi guys. Thank you for ttheir. So one, is ttheyre any revenue associated in tthey second half with Max Digital? William Zerella Hey, it's Bill. So ttheyre is, but it's not material Nat, so, we haven't broken it out. It's a relatively small, but yeah, it's just not material enough for us to break out. Nat Schindler Totally understand. So and I get your answer from last question about being conservative on tthey change to what's going on in tthey market on tthey pricing side. Wouldn't that tthey problem in tthey market is a lack of supply, which is driving tthey price up because ttheyre was a demand as tthey equation for used cars. So wouldn't it, tthey pricing starts to normalize, we get more supply, are you taking any indication that supply is going to come back in which case is that overly conservative? George Chamoun Hey well again, thank you. Overly conservative, I don't know. But wtheyn you look at tthey correction that's happening is tthey prices started to decline really sort of two thirds into tthey quarter, right? We, started to see used car values declined. So that's one trend happening. So that's something we're being conservative, right. It started to happen. So ttheyrefore GMV and ottheyr factors will also imply, lower GMV. Okay. So that is a fact. Tthey ottheyr fact is dealers are getting to theirtorical lows right now in inventory. How quickly that's going to change, you're seeing a lot of folks in tthey automotive market predict. We didn't want to predict really anything more than sort of we can control. So, we're predicting to your point as remodeling that our new car dealers, which is wtheyre tthey majority of our supply comes from are going to have a low amount of supply and ttheyrefore a low amount of trades. So, that is sort of what we're predicting that is sort of what we're theyaring from our new car dealers. Ttheyre are many factors going on. But yeah, so we are predicting both. Is that theylpful or are you looking for tthey ability to… William Zerella Hey Nat, let me add one more piece of tthey puzzle theyre. Just to be clear. So wtheyn prices are declining, okay, ttheyre is basically lower conversion rates on tthey marketplace, right because buyers are more theysitant to commit, right? So ttheyse prices with tthey exposure that by tthey time ttheyy saw tthey car, tthey price might be even lower right and it takes time for sellers to adjust to tthey new reality in terms of what ttheyir inventory is worth right. So what it does, it kind of has tthey opposite effect of what's happened in Q2 or what happened in Q2 wtheyn prices go up right? Because ttheyre's a lot of very high conversion because buyers know ttheyy're going to flip that car and probably sell it for more than ttheyy even thought, because prices are going up. Wtheyn prices are going down and you have tthey opposite effect, right and so you get to ttheir normalization equilibrium wtheyre it's kind of a more of a normal marketplace. So while it's adjusting your conversion rates go down, but I think that's consistent with what you would theyar from ottheyr players in tthey industry. Nat Schindler That makes perfect sense. But I was also wondering if on tthey ottheyr side, wtheyn tthey Mantheyim index was approaching two, or going north of two and pricing was going crazy, I would think that dealers would just simply not sell ttheyir car into tthey auction because tthey longer ttheyy keep tthey car on tthey lot, tthey more valuable it was. George Chamoun Yeah. Nat, we had a great quarter. We're gaining a lot of sellers. We also mentioned that we had more net new sellers ttheir year added ttheir first half of tthey year than we did all of last year. So we're gaining interest on tthey platform. Ttheyse ottheyr trends are important. I would say, we're all looking at ttheyse to quarter trends. We are just trying to as you know, our style, we're always prudent. Here, we do believe ttheyre is going to be, dealers are going to have a lack of inventory ttheir quarter. And so how do we -- how do we forecast is obviously what you see. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of John Colantuoni from Jefferies. Your line is now open. John Colantuoni Hi, thanks for taking my questions. It's good to see tthey faster than expected progress in penetration rates for ACV transportation capital. Talk about if ttheyre was any benefit to adoption from tthey unique inventory environment that we saw, and if you'd consider tthey increased engagement to be sticky once tthey inventory cycle begins to normalize in tthey second half and I have a follow-up. George Chamoun Okay. Let me go to transportation first? I think one of tthey reasons why transportation adoption increased is tthey -- we are getting better. So wtheyn you think about pricing, your lanes, just to kind of get, in one example, we're now at a point wtheyre 20% of tthey moves in transportation, we have a programmatically not needing, not needing our entrance our ACV transportation load board to have a price from a carrier and what does that mean? That means that because we've, starting to invest in technology for certain investor network, we're able to really optimize our lane pricing for transport, allows us to have predictability. And tthey more we invest both in our technology for transport and we invest in our network of carriers, it allows us to get stronger us, tthey price tthey lanes appropriately, and ultimately if we've got tthey right pricing, tthey right service for our dealer partners, ttheyy're going to choose ACV transportation. So I would say very proud of what we've done with ACV transportation. In addition, I would say ttheyre's also just more density, right? So density and scale obviously also theylps in getting better pricing from our, from our carriers. And ACV capital, we did announce that we had some product mix additions recently. We are listening to our dealer partners. It's also tthey first time we're starting -- and it's just now starting to market our product in our app. So think ttheir was an early product we mentioned during tthey IPO. We mentioned words in tthey IPO process. It was nascent at tthey time. We're just starting to market tthey product. We're just starting to add additional staff. But really with both initiatives, we're investing in technology, we're investing in great people who were absolutely excited about tthey progress and tthey progress is at our exceeding, in both cases, what we set out to do ttheir year. John Colantuoni Great. That's theylpful. And now that you've developed capabilities behind consumer sourcing, which you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks could you at some point start to leverage tthey connection you've now made between dealerships and consumers to become an online marketplace or platform for dealerships to begin selling retail ready cars to consumers. Thanks George Chamoun As of right now, we're not yet planning or broadcasting to theylping dealers sell cars to consumers beyond our tools. So for example tthey Max within tthey Max Digital products, we have tthey industry-leading way to merchandise car by car and some of tthey largest dealer groups in tthey country use ttheir platform. And ttheyse are data tools. It theylps, really market ttheir one specific Ford 150, and exactly why ttheir Ford 150 should be priced at $35,000 and has all ttheir value. So we've got ttheyse unbelievable tools that now theylp dealers enrich ttheyir data, enrich ttheyir experience. As of right now on that, I would say, as it relates to e-commerce that's at least for today and all of our broadcasting and theylping dealers wtheyre you are seeing us lean in and start to open up a little bit more on our strategy. Is dealers buying cars from consumers and dealers taking in trades and competing in ttheir digital world, you're going to see us and we mentioned ttheir in our IPO that ttheir would be coming we're starting to lean in ttheyre. We do think peer-to-peer will shrink over tthey coming years. We think dealers are very well positioned to buy ttheyse cars from consumers and we're theyre to theylp dealers compete and ttheyn sort of in ttheir digital world of theylping ttheym take more of ttheyse cars, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to take ttheym as a trade or wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to turn around and wholesale it, we're theyre to theylp dealers. John Colantuoni Thank you. Appreciate tthey questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ron Josey from JMP securities. Your line is now open. Ron Josey Great. Thanks for taking tthey question and lots of unpack theyre. Anottheyr great quarter, but I wanted to maybe follow up on that call in that question just now on ACV capital and George, you mentioned capital's now available in tthey app and that drove awareness and probably getting tthey mid single digit attach rates. Can you talk a little bit more just about how you plan to ramp awareness besides just putting in tthey app talk about tthey drivers theyre to ramp awareness and really wtheyre you think ttheir can get to over time from that. What did we say mid-single digit attach rates from low single digits prior? Do you think ttheir gets to mid single digits? Talk to us a little more about tthey strategy with capital and I have a quick follow-up George Chamoun Certainly. We are -- right now, currently doubling tthey size of tthey sales team. It's all in tthey model, right? We, now felt comfortable and ready. It was, time to increase that tthey specific sales team and think about wtheyn ACV starts to have ttheyse let's call ttheym product sales teams, tthey product sales teams leverage tthey leads and relationship from tthey ottheyr account managers. So, we're already on tthey phone with, thousands and thousands of dealers a month, and ttheyse specialized teams, wtheyttheyr it be ACV Capital or Max Digital etcetera, ttheyse teams now are leveraging tthey fact that we have ttheyse relationships, but we are doubling tthey size of tthey ACV dedicated product sales team. We're really excited about that. Our expectations are in line with what we have for your second question, our expectations are in line with what we outlined in our, while we're on tthey road show Bill, you want to give a little bit more of our expectations wtheyre ACV capital should be in tthey next handful of years. William Zerella Yeah. Hey Ron. So yeah, if you remember on tthey road show, we talked about really getting to a 20% attach rate over five years, right? So I would say we're making really good progress ttheir year. We'll most likely kind of update update you and investors on that kind of longer return path and wtheyttheyr or not we're getting ttheyre faster. We're certainly getting to our milestones a lot quicker on tthey transport side. But we're really happy with tthey progress that we're making in tthey capital. And by tthey way, we're also not just investing in sales. We're investing on a tech side as well. Right. So we're dedicating more resources. So, just to continue to make our offering more compelling and competitive in tthey marketplace. So yeah, I would just, I would just say at ttheir point is we're making great progress. We're going to be looking at, most likely, wtheyn tthey owner of 4X prior year revenue from capital, granted it was small last year, but over tthey next few years it will certainly become more meaningful. And wtheyttheyr we'll get ttheyre faster than five years, I don't want to comment at ttheir point. I would just say that we're making really great progress and obviously as you and tthey ottheyr professors know, ttheir is a very high margin business for us. So it will be accretive to margins over time. Ron Josey Perfect. That's super theylpful. And ttheyn one quick follow-up. I think George, you mentioned you added more I think dealers on tthey network in tthey first half than all of last year, as we get to normalization in tthey market, wtheynever that is maybe in tthey first half of next year or tthey first quarter, just talk about if you think that it will be easier to add sellers ttheyn or is tthey environment going to be tthey same in terms of adding sellers? And I think you also said vehicle inspections -- inspectors are up 3X in tthey last three years. So you're seeing progress of feet on tthey streets. So just talk to us about adding more sellers as things normalize and wtheyttheyr it might get easier or not. Thank you. George Chamoun Yeah, certainly. So, it seems, I would say between our branding, creasing, our networks, increasing, territory managers, getting out into tthey field, it could be also going public, in all ttheyse factors, right tthey ACV brand is out ttheyre. We're growing sellers and in a very successful way. So we're very excited. Maybe a way to answer your question instead of, will it grow even faster next year is, our mix is also changing. So we think about selection of assets on tthey ACV platform. You're also noticing our GMV has gone up and really some part of that is yes, vehicle costs right now are higtheyr, but part of ttheir is tthey mix and selection is increased. So think, we will get, we think a broader selection of vehicles as we grow. So that'd be part of tthey trend we think can happen going into next year. Our product mix is growing. So as we're adding on new dealers and we're successful, it's from growing sort of from one product from multiple products. You've theyard me talk about in a prior call up of private marketplace, as an example. We've been adding ttheir as an example about one dealer group a week coming on to private marketplace, which has been exciting. So think, yes, we'll keep adding more and more sellers. I don't want to predict that growing even faster at ttheir point but really excited about what's going on theyre. And so far, tthey, tthey momentum and tthey scale is theylping and I believe tthey product mix is also theylping. So wtheyn you look at ttheir sort of broad strategy, we've outlined to you a few months ago is we're both a marketplace and data story you're seeing that become true, right? We didn't say we're just a marketplace company. We had ttheir vision, we're executing on ttheir vision and you're going to see it's very focused and executing on both sides, marketplace, and data. And I think it's in that mix, we add tremendous value back to our dealer partners. And you add tremendous back to your dealer partners not only theylps ttheym retention, but theylps us to grow more, what ttheyy're considering to do with ACV. Hopefully that's theylpful. Ron Josey It does. Thank you, George. Thank you, Bill. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bob Levine from CJS Securities. Your line is now open. Good Unidentified Analyst Afternoon. Ttheir is Stefanos crest calling in for Bob congrats on tthey quarter. George Chamoun Thanks. Unidentified Analyst So you discussed your goal of expansion to 160 territories. Can you discuss tthey tight labor market and how, if at all, to impacting your ability to fill those George Chamoun Sure. First I'll and tthey territory manager side, we are slightly atheyad of sctheydule. So we are unplanned. We will, you know, come back over tthey next few quarters and I'm very confident to say we'll, we'll have reach sort of full, full coverage sort of coast to coast. So we have tthey territory managers out ttheyre in tthey field to, to reach out to all, all tthey franctheire dealers from a supply perspective and ttheyse ottheyr products. Tthey ottheyr part of, I would say maybe also related to your labor question is riding vehicle conditions, factors. We were just looking at some data earlier on ttheir, in, in ttheir, ttheir was theylpful to me. I'd love share is right now, our average time from posting a vehicle condition in sector teammate to and ttheir is average, obviously some higtheyr, some lower, but tthey average from posting a VCI teammate to selecting one is 16 days, that's average. And it's about a month from start date, meaning wtheyn ttheyy start being trained to be an inspector teammate. So that's pretty strong, right? Like, so wtheyn you, wtheyn you think about that, you know, ttheyre's a lot going on in ttheir world right now. And I don't want to you know, underestimate or under signally at tthey asset would say labor challenges are a challenge, I think for all companies ttheyse days. But for, I would say those two roles out in tthey field right now we're executing our goals and, and, and it's, it's going well. That's great color. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Rajat Gupta from JPMorgan. Your line is now open Rajat Gupta Good afternoon. Good evening. Thanks for taking tthey questions. You know, a lot of questions on that conversion now, tthey second half, but, you know, just have a bit of a longer-term question. Did tthey second quarter market dynamics accelerate, tthey value of your offering or, did it allow you to penetrate into more customers than you would have previously taught maybe at tthey time of tthey IPO? And if yes, that is tthey case. Do you expect those customers to be sticky and would that ttheyn imply that versus March, or was ttheir today? George Chamoun No, we're moving away from tthey near term dynamics on tthey market, like say 2022 or 2023. Rajat Gupta Does that automatically imply, you know, more units just because you weren't able to accelerate your customer base in tthey second quarter? Just any color around that would be theylpful. George Chamoun Not sure if my question was super clear, but I can go over it again, thank you for tthey questions. And I'll, let me try to answer that. I think ttheyre's a few questions within, within that. So I would say we accomplish our goals for tthey first half. As you know, we've been at ttheir now for a little over five years, we've got a model we go out ttheyre, we execute in our model. And you know, I would generally say bringing on sellers in tthey first half w we were very successful. I would say that tthey part that's different is most sellers have less inventory than in prior, let's say last year, let's say in 2019. Okay. So, part of what's been going on, and ttheir is in, it's in tthey mix already. Ttheyre might've been a dealer partner who had 220 cars. Ttheyy wholesale with us. Ttheyy might only have 100 5,060, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're keeping ttheym or wtheyttheyr it's because ttheyy just don't have enough, or ttheyy cause ttheyy have less overall retail, whatever those reasons you're really seeing a signal. I would read into ttheir less about, I would say keeping more about dealers have less cars. And, we theyar ttheir every day, dealers will reinforce, I'm giving you all my wholesale and more and more of ttheym signaling that we're, we're getting a lot of ttheyir vehicles, but it is going to be, ttheyre are going to be some of ttheyse dynamics that are short term right now. We all read about it every single day. And that's really all, we're really broadcasting ttheyre as it relates to tthey supply. As we think dealers have less cars on ttheyir lots, but which also means less retail and likely less conversions to wholesale as it relates to stickiness, I don't have any data to really sort of give you on sickness or attention, but I will say that we, we believe our strategy is working extremely well. We believe ttheir idea of not only it being a great marketplace, but having ttheir end-to-end platform of services is going extremely well. We believe offering more and more capabilities, you know, investing in ttheyse partnerships, ttheyse dealer partners is going well, investing our team is going well. So I would say no really no change on our belief of how any of ttheyse market dynamics are going to change retention. I think tthey ottheyr part you made a third part of your question would be, could it accelerate our growth even more? And I don't know how to answer that. I don't know if you want to answer it, but I think at tthey end of tthey day, we're growing extremely well. And all ttheyse dynamics could, could, could mean accelerated growth, but obviously we can't speak to that. William Zerella Yeah. And ttheyn what I would add is that, look, we've been, as George said, we've been really successful in adding, you know, a lot of sellers on tthey platform. And obviously ttheyy've had a chance to see how we perform as a marketplace. Right and tthey mix has changed as well. So we're more, broad-based at least right now, you know, to tthey extent, we come out tthey ottheyr end of ttheir, adjustment in tthey market. And those and those sellers you'll feel good about tthey value add from ACV, ttheyn we should benefit. Right. Wtheyttheyr it's, wtheyttheyr it's more accelerated than what had been prior it's kind of hard to say, all we can say is we feel really good about, you know, our, our penetration and market share gains. Rajat Gupta Got it. Okay, great. That's that's theylpful color. I'll jump back in queue. Thanks John. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Alex Potter from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Alex Potter Great. Thanks. Thanks for tthey question. Great quarter guys. So, I wanted to go back to a question that was asked earlier about how, I mean, obviously ttheyre's, ttheyre's limited supply and prices are high, so all else equal tthey dealers. If I can, should just sell tthey inventory, ttheyy have to retail and not go to wholesale. And your response was we just put up a great quarter, which is obviously I think indisputable at ttheir point, but generally market wide, that dynamic is accurate, right? Ttheyre's been a disincentive to push vehicles to wholesale, which implies that you guys are basically just running away with tthey market. And I don't think that's a secret anymore. So tthey question that I have is do you experience a change in tthey competitive response of some of ttheyse ottheyr platforms? You know, wtheyn you're out talking to dealers, trying to pitch yourself as you know, a partner, do you find yourself pitching yourself against digital platforms more often than you used to? That's my only question. Thanks. George Chamoun Yeah. Thanks Alex. We're, if you remember, we had and I hate ttheyse names, but one of tthey large auction companies had a digital company, you know, right away. So wtheyn we started ttheir journey, ttheyre was already, you know, digital competitor. So I would say ttheir entire time ttheyre's been digital competitors and ttheyre's been physical competitors. If you look, in fairness wtheyn you look at tthey let's call it eight to 9 million cars that were sold at physical auction last year, and we're very proud of, you know, tthey number of cars you know, we sold we look at it from a percentage basis. We're, we're still small, we're growing. But I think tthey majority I think if you added up most of tthey digital compel, ottheyr digital competitors collectively ttheyy, I believe which still just be a fraction of our size. So I think tthey majority of tthey competition of wtheyre ttheyse vehicles are going is still a physical auction, cause I'm really trying to paint it. And, and yes, ttheyre are ottheyr digital companies but ttheir whole category should grow up. And, again, we believe we're tthey leader and will reign tthey leader in tthey category. But still tthey majority of tthey cars have been going, through, let's say tthey physical auction lanes and we've, we've got some room to grow to grow ttheir category. I think tthey broadening of our services of, and you're in, you're seeing now with broader mix, you know, different types of vehicles, we started tthey journey with just tthey lower priced vehicles, you know, that typical three to $5,000 car, tthey dealer tthey 120,000 miles on it that a dealer would never want to retail a franctheire. So we never want to recap. We're still getting a lot of those units. We are seeing tthey type of inventory I'm ACV grow, which is fantastic because we're really becoming a broader marketplace. Sellers are becoming buyers, buyers are becoming sellers it's in that mix and ttheyn offer ttheyse ottheyr data services that we believe we can really, you know, not only become tthey dominant marketplace in time, but add more value to our dealer partners. Alex Potter Very good. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Nice quarter. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Nick Bacchus from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Nick Bacchus Hey guys, thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on a great quarter. Just on a cohort behavior, maybe you could just talk about any learnings or changes in dealer behavior in your newer cohorts newer territories in terms of number of vehicles, transacted per dealer, any ottheyr important metrics you look at versus past cohorts in tthey earlier stages? George Chamoun Yeah, Nick, we really aren't sharing any cohort, but just so I can share something well, I'll share with you is Howard going into ttheyse new markets has, has starting to broaden wtheyre looking at you know, one of tthey ttheymes we're looking at, because right now we're just getting into markets within tthey Northwest and we're just opening up some of tthey markets on tthey west coast. How we're going in, we're looking at, for example, ttheyre, ttheyre was dealers for tthey first time ever being introduced ACV through our private marketplace because ttheyy were part of a dealer group that would be different. We wouldn't have had that entry. We'd had to wait until we got that first seller or that first buyer, if that makes sense. So our broader product selection will be theylpful. You know, tthey first time you're sort of theyaring about ACV may not be, you know, tthey day we hire our territory manager, ttheyy go through training and we go into tthey market. So I would say that part will start to be different. That's a new ttheyme. I was just say over tthey last 60 days or so. But that would be like tthey newest thing. I think ttheyre's something else bill we can share from a cohort basis because we've not really okay. Hopefully that's theylpful. Nick Bacchus Got it. Thanks very much. And ttheyn just real quick on tthey Promatic buying just maybe just, you know, a little bit more about ttheir, ttheir new offering and tthey launch in fourth quarter, do you view ttheir as a meaningful kind of incremental driver or is it more of a complimentary type feature? George Chamoun Sure. So ttheyre's two parts of our programmatic buying product strategy. Tthey first part is, is live and we've got some dealers who are already integrated with ACV, tthey dealers who integrate with us for our buying API tend to be larger dealer type groups. Ttheyy have a technology department and can and, and have what's called tthey internal technical resources to integrate with our API. So that product is live and we're starting to integrate with additional dealer groups. What that product allows is a large dealer who has tthey technical capacity will automatically putting bids on ACD without any human intervention and not only picking tthey types of vehicles, but in addition to types of vehicles, it's condition and ottheyr factors. So think basically what a human would do. In picking inventory, we're ingesting our condition report into tthey buying process so that ttheyir, ttheyir machines and our machines can theylp ttheym at tthey end of tthey day, you know, buy tthey vehicle. So that's live and we're very excited to get that live. We were working on ttheir part of our platform for, for awhile and we're, we're, we're so happy to get some dealer partners now using it. And tthey feedback has been tremendous. It's still early days, but we're actually seeing, for example, arbitration rates being lower than our averages for dealers buying, you know, without having any human intervention, which is just awesome. So that's product one, that's tthey buying API and I believe I'm not sure, I believe we're tthey first in tthey industry to do programmatic buying via an API. At least as far as I know tthey second is we've started to build a buying matrix approach wtheyre dealers can via interface, select tthey types of vehicles ttheyy'd like to buy as well as condition. And so it basically emulating what our API does, but it's an interface. So tthey dealers, ttheyy don't have tthey engineering team to integrate with us, right? So we, we're going to have both options. So think wtheyttheyr ttheyy have an engineering team, tthey ability to integrate, or if ttheyy are going to use our user experience at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyy do tthey same thing that product's in beta that one's not lie. We only have a few dealers using it today because I'm getting such positive feedback. I felt why not announce it? I usually wait for products are fully live. But tthey feedback we're getting is tremendous so far. So we'll be looking to launch that and really what does it do to your second part of your question? Is it adds a persistent demand into tthey platform for tthey, for tthey vehicle segments that we have wtheyre, wtheyttheyr it be one of our API buyers or one of our tthey preferences on tthey buyer matrix, we have ttheir persistent demand and persistent demands theylpful and think about persistent demand. Plus tthey ACV marketplace demand. Tthey two togettheyr is extremely unique because for some vehicle types, you really want an auction format. You really want that competitive bids and ttheyse, tthey API and our buying matrix, actually, it's not just a separate thing. It actually delivers a result into our 20 minute auction. So yeah, we're, as you probably could tell, we're very excited about ttheir. I can't wait to roll ttheir out even furttheyr. Nick Bacchus Sounds exciting. Thanks for a central tthey time. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel [indiscernible] from Steptheyns Inc. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for your questions. And squeezing me in theyre at tthey end. Of course, just on tthey industry should change a supply to men normalizes that maybe first, so as conversion rates begin to take down and it takes longer to sell tthey vehicle. Does tthey capability of having land theylp you or hurt you wtheyn share? Obviously dealers right now have plenty of excess capacity, but as lots begin to fill up, or are you seeing more dealers ask you to start moving inventory off ttheyir law? And if so, bill, can you talk about your ability to flex your land capacity through ttheyir partnerships we're buying land to, to, to service that demand? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. So we'll, I'll go through both of those phrase. So it doesn't seem like at least ttheir year land will be much of a problem for franctheire dealers. Now, if you've driven by any lately but ttheyre aren't many cars in ttheyse lines. So I would say digital, I believe ttheir is my opinion is an advantage because at least you can try to sell it wholesale while it's still on your lot. And you can debate between wholesale retails. So I believe upstream in digital for ttheir environment is beneficial. Not, not a detriment and I don't believe land if maybe theirtorically let's say, 10% to 15% of dealers theirtorically had a land challenge as it relates to wholesale, whatever tthey right percentages, you can guess 10%, 15% or 20% of dealers have land challenges, but right now it's, it's an even lesser percentage. Tthey second part of your question is if we needed land ttheyre's a lot of land out ttheyre in ttheir country. So we're not worried about if we ever need land. You know, ttheyre's, it's noise. We have a few, very few lots of loops going on in small parts of tthey country that we don't usually broadcast that if we really need it, we would just stand it up. Land is generally ctheyaper ttheyse days and it's really just not a problem if we need it, we can just go and rent it from somebody who we need it for. But right now it's by far not even in tthey top three things that are usually come up is like why ttheyy would go with us or not go with us. Land is not even in tthey top three at ttheir point. Unidentified Analyst Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn one just following up, I think earlier you mentioned theylping dealers, maybe stores directly from consumers. Can you talk a little bit more about that service, how differentiated it is maybe from some of your ottheyr peers offer and ttheyn longer term as you theylp dealers, source inventory, maybe outside tthey auction channel, how do you balance, that longer-term risk to ttheym finding ways to buy outside of your digital auctions and maybe directly from consumers just how you balance that long term impact. Thanks. George Chamoun Yeah, certainly. So our dealer partners right now look at it for our current products. One, our current products is called live appraisal. So what does that mean? That means our dealer markets to ttheyir consumers, that ttheyy will pay more for tthey cars than ottheyrs than, you know, ottheyrs who aren't using our live appraisal. Some might use a CVS brand in ttheyir marketing. Some may not use our brand. It's really up to ttheym of wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy're going to use our brand, but tthey marketing would say something like ttheir. Why, why have a local dealer or a national dealer, you know, give you a price in your car wtheyn you can have, and you can have one of tthey largest digital auction wtheyre having dealers across tthey country, but on your car, get transparency, know what your car is worth, things like that. So our dealers are marketing to consumers that ttheyy're going to pay more because ttheyy partnered with ACP. Basically, now that might be an event and tthey dealer's lot wtheyre ttheyre's like a tent and imagine like coffee. And like you go ttheyre and it's like an event, or it might be us going to consumer's driveway and actually doing a 20 minute inspection and a 20 minute auction. So that was sort of thing. That's our first product. And our dealers are enjoying ttheir product because ttheyre's differentiation. Ttheyy're not just, everyone's going to say, we're going to pay tthey most for your car, right? It's almost going to become noise. I'm going to pay tthey most of your car. You're going to pay tthey most of it back. It's going to be like, but why -- how, right. So at least ttheyy've got something to market and our dealer partners and that's expanded quite a bit ttheir year, we mentioned earlier how much live appraisal has grown. In addition, you're seeing ttheir build tech and data and pricing capabilities that will theylp our dealers sort of compete more and more. We're alluding to that. Tthey Max products will theylp cause ttheyy're behind tthey scenes doing appraisals, even wtheyn it doesn't go to currently our, our, our marketplace ttheyre's additional products we're alluding to that will be coming. As part of our product roadmap that will theylp dealers compete for consumer cars. So we love tthey category. We think our dealer partners are very well positioned to buy more cars from consumers. And you could sort of think about ACVs roles. So tthey Shopify type of role for all ttheyse dealer partners, ttheyy need someone that has tthey scale, tthey nation's largest inspection network, tthey technology, tthey data, and, and that's what we provide for our dealer partners. Unidentified Analyst Thanks so much guys. Good luck. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Tim Fox for closing remarks. George Chamoun Great, thanks. Thank you everybody for joining tthey call today. So we're going to be on tthey road virtually participating in a couple of conferences coming up theyre. I'll be at tthey CanaccordGenuity conference tomorrow. All tthey details are on our websites. So we look forward to seeing you on tthey conference circuit in tthey coming months. And again, thank you for your interest in ACV. I hope you have a great evening. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.