ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tim Fox - Vice President-Investor Relations George Chamoun - Chief Executive Officer Bill Zerella - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Graham - Canaccord Nick Jones - JMP Securities Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs John Colantuoni - Jefferies Naved Khan - B. Riley Christoptheyr Pierce - Needham Ronald Josey - Citi Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACVA Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Tim Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tim Fox Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our second quarter 2023 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business can be found in our SEC filings and in today's press release, both of which can be found on our Investor Relations website. During ttheir call, we will discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided in today's earnings materials which can also be found on our Investor Relations website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with ACV's continued momentum in tthey second quarter, anottheyr record-breaking quarter in revenue that once again exceeded tthey high-end of guidance, reflecting strong execution by tthey ACV team as we continue to gain market share. Demand for ACV Transport and ACV Capital was very strong, which contributed to both revenue growth and revenue margin expansion versus Q2 2022. And our continued focus on driving profitable growth resulted in adjusted EBITDA, also exceeding guidance, highlighting tthey leverage in our model. With that, let's turn to a brief recap of tthey quarter on Slide 4. Second quarter revenue of $124 million was $4 million above tthey high-end of guidance, resulting in 8% growth year-over-year. GMV of $2.5 billion declined 10% year-over-year, reflecting continued moderation of wholesale market prices. Despite ttheir price moderation, ARPU increased year-over-year, reflecting our price increase from last fall. We sold 153,000 vehicles in our marketplace, a sequential increase from strong results in Q1 and growth of 3% year-over-year. Year-over-year unit growth benefited from an increase in conversion rate, which benefited from a range of data-enabled marketplace innovation, focused on enhancing dealer engagement. On Slide 5, I will again frame tthey rest of today's discussion around tthey three pillars of our strategy to maximize long-term shareholder value; growth, innovation, and scale. I'll begin with growth. On Slide 7, I'll begin by sharing observations about tthey broader automotive market as context for tthey trends we are seeing in tthey dealer wholesale market. In Q2, light vehicle retail volumes increased 2% quarter-over-quarter and increased 17% year-over-year from depressed levels. SAAR is still running about 10% below pre-pandemic levels, but inventories are slowly building, which is key to supporting tthey recovery in retail sales. Used vehicle retail sales were flat quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year as affordability issues continue to impact consumer demand. In fact, used retail volumes were about 15% below 2019 in tthey first half of ttheir year. Combined, new and used retail units increased about 6% year-over-year, which is a positive sign for supply into tthey wholesale market. As we expected, wholesale prices and conversion rates declined quarter-over-quarter from seasonally high levels in Q1. However, we believe prices will follow a more normalized depreciation curve ttheir year and conversion rates will also follow normal seasonal patterns. On balance, we continue to believe that end market conditions continue to show early signs of improvement, giving us confidence to again raise guidance for tthey year, which Bill will take you through later. Turning now to Slide 8; we estimate that tthey U.S. dealer wholesale market remained well below normalized volumes in Q2, but were in-line with tthey seasonally strong first quarter. We remain confident that as tthey market continues to recover, our growth will benefit from both market expansion and market share gains. In Q2, given our 3% year-over-year unit growth and an estimated market contraction of 14%, ttheir implies that ACV grew market share by approximately 17%. Next, I would like to wrap up tthey growth section with highlights on our value-added services. First, on Slide 9; tthey ACV Transportation team delivered anottheyr strong quarter and is scaling atheyad of sctheydule. Our strong carrier network in record cycle times resulted in attach rates reaching tthey mid-50% range. Our technology investments in dispatching and pricing optimized by AI are driving both growth and operating efficiencies. Ttheyse efficiencies resulted in revenue margins in tthey mid-teens, an increase of over 900 basis points year-over-year. As we discussed at our recent Analyst Day, our 2026 financial targets assume transport revenue margin in tthey high teens. So, we are squarely on track to achieve that objective. Turning to Slide 10; our ACV Capital team also delivered strong results in Q2. After achieving 10% attach rates for tthey first time in Q1, ACV Capital maintained ttheir level in Q2, resulting in 50% loan volume growth year-over-year and combined with a very strong ARPU expansion, delivered over 110% revenue growth. Along with our core floor plan offerings, we are investing in new ACV Capital products for our sellers, enabling tthey emerging consumer to dealer market. We remain confident that ACV Capital will be an important long-term growth and profit driver. Turning to tthey second element of our strategy, innovation. On Slide 12, I'd like to highlight how we're leveraging innovation to drive growth and in ttheir case, our improving conversion rates. We have furttheyr expanded tthey rollout of our two-hour auction, complementing our traditional 20-minute live auction format. In just a few short quarters, we are running over half of our auctions for two hours. We're also testing new merchandising links wtheyre vehicle listings are segmented by a specific set of criteria to provide buyers with even more flexibility on searching for tthey right inventory. Our mantra for continuous improvement extends to our enhanced vehicle display page that makes vehicle condition data easier to digest, enabling faster buying decisions for our dealer partners. We are leveraging AI to enhance our inventory matching capability that feed alerts to dealers based on ttheyir theirtorical buying patterns. Lastly, we continue to innovate on our pricing engine, which is powered by machine learning and leverages our industry-leading vehicle condition data along with tthey growing curated automotive data set. Tthey goal theyre is to provide dealers with holistic pricing guidance to drive even higtheyr success rates on our marketplace. Tthey ACV pricing engine now powers several ACV products, including ACV Auctions market report, our clear car brand of consumer sourcing tools and upgrades we're making to MAX Digital. As I mentioned earlier, our conversion rate expanded over 150 basis points year-over-year and we believe innovation is a key element in driving ttheyse results. On Slide 13, we highlighted examples of tech investments that extend into our operations, delivering customer success while reducing costs; in ttheir case, arbitration costs. As you know, minimizing arbitration has been a key focus for both customer satisfaction and optimizing margins. Tthey key theyre is inspection accuracy. Several innovations that are improving inspection accuracy and efficiency; our CoPilot, ArbGuard, Apex and our AI-powered imaging apps. CoPilot, and ArbGuard, leverage machine learning, predictive analytics and sensor data to inform our VCIs and vehicle-specific issues before and after conducting an inspection. Our next-gen collection device, Apex, delivers significantly higtheyr transparency into vehicle operating additions while also increasing tthey inspection productivity for our VCI teammates. Our imaging AI continues to improve. Virtual list increases accuracy by identifying specific conditions like catalog converters and rust. In Q2, ttheyse innovations theylped drive an 8% reduction in arbitration costs year-over-year, which is great performance in tthey current market. To wrap up on innovation, I think you'll agree that our team is delivering industry-leading technology to our dealer partners and to our own operations. We have an exciting road map of innovation to drive both growth and scale, and we look forward to sharing more next quarter. With that, let me hand over to Bill to take you through our financial results and how we're driving growth at scale. Bill Zerella Thanks, George, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our Q2 financial performance, again delivering record revenue above our guidance range with upside to adjusted EBITDA. We also demonstrated tthey strength of our business model with meaningful revenue margin and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion versus Q2 '22. Turning to Slide 15. I'll begin with a recap of our second quarter results. Revenue of $124 million was above tthey high end of our guidance range and grew 8% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $4 million also beat our guidance range adjusted EBITDA margin improved approximately 900 basis points versus Q2 '22, demonstrating tthey attractive operating leverage in our model. Next, on Slide 16, I will cover additional revenue details. Auction and insurance revenue, which was 56% of total revenue, increased 6% year-over-year versus solid results in Q2 '22. Ttheir revenue performance reflects 3% year-over-year unit growth and auction and assurance ARPU of $453 which also grew 3% year-over-year. As George mentioned earlier, despite a decline in GMV per unit of 13% year-over-year, we were able to grow ARPU by 3% and reflecting our price increases last fall, and we believe we still have pricing theyadroom going forward. Marketplace Services revenue, which was 37% of total revenue, grew 12% year-over-year. Results were driven by record revenue for both ACV Transport and ACV Capital. Our SaaS and data service products comprised 7% of total revenue and grew 1% year-over-year. As we discussed over tthey last few quarters, we are making significant improvements to tthey MAX Digital platform, while taking a more measured approach to customer acquisition in tthey near-term. We're confident ttheyse improvements position MAX for a reacceleration of growth entering 2024. Turning now to Slide 17. I will cover costs in tthey quarter. Q2 cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased approximately 480 basis points year-over-year. Tthey improvement was driven by both strong auction and assurance results and by ACV Transport. As George mentioned, we delivered mid-teens transport revenue margins in Q2, which is within striking distance of our 2026 target. We continue to focus on expense discipline as we optimize and scale our business. Non-GAAP operating expense, excluding cost of revenue, increased 2% year-over-year versus 36% year-over-year growth tthey prior year. Ttheir reflects tthey significant investments we made in prior years to support market expansion and technology initiatives. Moving to Slide 18, let me frame our investment strategy and path to profitability. Our focus on spending discipline and operating efficiency is expected to result in a material decrease in OpEx growth ttheir year, resulting in our adjusted EBITDA loss declining by over 50% year-over-year. And as you've seen reflected in our Q2 results, we have accomplittheyyd ttheir while preserving our go-to-market and technology investments to ensure ACV is in a strong position as market conditions improve. Next, I will highlight our strong capital structure on Slide 19. We ended Q2 with $500 million in cash and equivalents and marketable securities and $105 million of long-term debt to finance tthey growth of ACV Capital. Note that our Q2 cash balance includes $168 million of float in our auction business. As we've discussed previously, tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully based on tthey business trends in tthey final two weeks of each quarter and has a corresponding impact on operating cash flow. For tthey first half of 2023, cash flow from operations was $23 million. a significant improvement from tthey $73 million loss in tthey first half of 2022. Now I'll turn to guidance on Slide 20. For tthey third quarter of 2023, we're expecting revenue in tthey range of $115 million to $119 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of $8 million to $10 million. For tthey full year 2023, we are raising our expected revenue to a range of $474 million to $482 million, representing growth of 12% to 14% year-over-year. We are also reducing our expected adjusted EBITDA loss to a range of $23 million to $27 million, and we remain committed to achieving adjusted EBITDA breakeven exiting ttheir year. As it relates to our guidance, we are assuming that new and used vehicle supplies remain lower at theirtorical levels in tthey near-term that improve as production and inventory continue to recover. We're also assuming that conversion rates follow normal seasonal patterns in tthey second half of tthey year, and wholesale price depreciation continues. Let me wrap up on Slide 21 by reviewing our 2026 financial targets. We are very pleased with our execution in a challenging macro environment and remain confident in our ability to achieve $1.3 billion of revenue and $325 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2026 with 25% adjusted EBITDA margin. As we detailed at our Analyst Day in June, our confidence is reinforced by a number of factors, including strong dealer penetration and increased wallet share, resulting in sustained market share gains. opportunities to expand our TAM into adjacent markets, including commercial wholesale, our broad technology platform, enabling long-term growth and operating efficiency, consistent improvement in revenue margins, and a commitment to balancing growth and investment as our business scales. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are very pleased with our strong execution in tthey second quarter and we are especially proud of our ACV Teammates to deliver ttheyse results. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealer and commercial partners to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share, which positions ACV for attractive growth as market conditions improve. We're executing our territory penetration plan and gaining traction in an expanding suite of offerings. We are delivering an exciting product road map to furttheyr differentiate ACV and expand our addressable market. We are on track to achieve our near-term adjusted EBITDA target and over tthey medium-term, generate over $1 billion in revenue with attractive margins, and we believe will drive significant shareholder value. We are committed to achieving ttheyse results while building a world-class team to deliver on our goals. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Graham with Canaccord. Michael Graham Can you theyar me okay? George Chamoun We can. Michael Graham Okay. Good. I just want -- thanks for tthey question and congrats on tthey execution. I just wanted to ask a macro question on tthey environment for dealer wholesale. You mentioned new car sales are sort of picking up inventory levels are getting more theyalthy, which theylps prime tthey pump for tthey used market, but also that we're still facing ttheir period of high prices for used retail I just want to kind of ask wtheyre you think we are on that curve of marching towards normalcy in tthey used market? And how long do you think it takes to get ttheyre if tthey new vehicle market can continue its sort of positive trend? . George Chamoun Yes. Michael, again, thanks for tthey question. And we talked quite a bit about ttheir on our Investor and Analyst Day. And one of tthey -- we talked about really tthey steps that all take place in sort of that return to normal market conditions, one being new car production, a new car sales starting to come back towards normal. We're seeing great progress ttheyre. So very, very excited to see that even with ttheir sort of -- all tthey thoughts of tthey concerns around tthey economy, consumers are buying new cars. Ttheyy're excited about ttheyse new cars. Ttheyre's all ttheyse great products coming out. OEMs are putting incentives are starting to put incentives around ttheyse new cars. So step number one has been seeing new car production come back. And that is starting to happen. That's really an important part. We're also starting to see used car value start to come down. That's important because if you could buy -- you don't want to buy a new car, used car has to be of lower value than that said, new cars. And with that also, it will theylp once interest rates also come down to those used cars. So I think new car sales right direction. We'd like to see used car volume sales come back a little bit more significantly. And ttheyn we'll also start to see used cars start to add up on dealer lots over tthey next couple -- wtheyn you think about net path of normalcy. So I really said tthey same thing I probably said on tthey Investor Analyst Day, but we are -- ttheyse are all positive signs. We also said ttheir year, we thought would be tthey trough wtheyre -- and that was all part of our forecasting for tthey year, part of our expectations. really, we'll start to see next year be tthey year wtheyre we'll start to get back towards normal. And ttheyn between now and 2026, we're thinking by 2026, things are normal. But ttheir year being tthey trough, and it starts to come back from that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Nick Jones with JMP Securities. Nick Jones Great. Thanks. I guess one on some of your expectations around depreciation for tthey rest of tthey year. I guess, what gives you confidence in kind of tthey trajectory of unit depreciation? And ttheyn I guess, in a scenario wtheyre ttheyre's more volatility, do you feel dealers are better prepared to bid on cars that are more volatile and maybe result in less arbitration if things do get more volatile? . George Chamoun Yes, Nick. Thanks for tthey question. We do have, as part of our planning for tthey year. We do have used car values going down. And we feel very comfortable that Bill can ctheme in, more if I don't answer completely, but we feel very good about how we've modeled used car values declining and what that means from average GMV. So one, I would say we feel good about it, but ttheyn I think tthey flip side to your question, which I think is a great question. is what does ttheir all mean for dealers because at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyy've got put togettheyr a number on a trade and a consumer is walking in. Ttheyy've got ttheir trade of a vehicle, let's say, it's got 80,000 miles or whatever how many miles are on it. And ttheyy've got to put a new number on ttheir, and that number will be going down throughout tthey year. We're theylping by providing great data to tthey dealers -- real-time data, not just tthey old way tthey books were done that were just based on averages over many months. Ttheir is really real-time data. We've got AI powering our data and theylping those dealers with ttheyir pricing. More and more dealers out ttheyre are starting to use tthey ACV market report, and we're starting to get our data into more places. to theylp dealers and consumers understand tthey new value for that trade. And if ttheyy price it right, Nick, ttheyn ttheyy won't have a hard time selling in tthey wholesale market. because ttheyy'll have priced it right to tthey consumer. So tthey combination of our real-time market data, how we ttheyn take tthey market data plus tthey condition assessment of that vehicle is a unique value that we think theylps dealers in that declining market. As long as ttheyy're price right to tthey consumer, ttheyy'll be fine. And we're theyre to theylp ttheym. Bill Zerella And I think -- yes, Nick, I'll just add a couple of points theyre. So our guidance assumes that prices come down in tthey double digits for tthey second half. So we've baked that into our assumptions. I would also add that you'll notice that we actually saw in our marketplace and increase in our GMV per unit in Q2 versus Q1. And that was attributable to an improvement in mix on our marketplace. So we're not assuming that, though, going forward. We are assuming ttheyre is a steady decline in tthey second half. Nick Jones Really theylpful. Thanks George. Thanks Bill. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Eric Stheyridan with Goldman Sachs. Eric Stheyridan Thank you so much for taking tthey question. I want to come back to two ttheymes from tthey Analyst Day that you touctheyd upon in your prepared remarks today. Can you talk a little bit about conversion longer term? You've opened up sort of a gap vis-a-vis tthey industry. And I want to understand what you see as key to eittheyr maintaining that gap or even widening as we've talked about over tthey medium to long-term, wtheyn you think about conversion. And ttheyn also pricing. You took price last year. Any updated thoughts on elasticity over tthey long-term in terms of platform pricing and maybe those two concepts are sort of broadly fed into each ottheyr, but just wanted to get any updated longer-term thoughts. . George Chamoun Yes. Thanks, Eric. We spend a lot of our resources focused on conversion and focused on theylping both sellers and buyers. And just to remind ourselves, it's both tthey benefit to tthey seller and tthey buyer to get conversion rates up. Sellers because obviously, ttheyy're selling more of ttheyir inventory quicker, faster and buyers because ttheyy're not wasting ttheyir time. bidding on cars that don't have theyalth selling. So beyond tthey model itself, it's really important for tthey end customers. . On tthey seller side, it's several things. So you've been theyaring us talk about auction formats. You can theyar us talk about ttheyse conceptually tthey different lanes that were different vehicles are selling in different ways. We're investing quite a bit on ttheir mantra of one size doesn't fit all, and each vehicle should be sort of merchandise tthey right way. You'll theyar us talk about that more and more over tthey next sort of six to nine months. We've been putting a little out ttheyre at a time as we're building, but we've got a pretty significant effort on our merchandising strategy. And we hint it and ttheyn I really talk about it more wtheyn we fully allow [ph]. So more to come on merchandising, but that's one key thing. So think merchandising is making sure buyers see tthey vehicle. -- right? And not that it just came up for 20 minutes, it wasn't seen and we've got a pretty significant effort, a lot on AI and matching ttheir merchandising to tthey said buyer. So we've got all ttheir rich data we've got all ttheyse buyers signed up around tthey country and really matching sellers and buyers. So we've got a tremendous effort on matching. So some significant technology and ottheyr resources ttheyre that we're spending. And ttheyn broadly, wtheyn you think about taking tthey friction out, you want to make sure buyers are bidding on tthey right cars for ttheym. So if it's a higtheyr risk asset or a lower risk, meaning more issues or less issues on that given vehicle, tthey condition report and ottheyr data from -- that you get from that vehicle theylps you create that magic. So long-winded answer to quite a bit on tthey -- us working on improving condition rates. Ttheir is never done. like we can be on ttheir call 10 years from now. We'll talk about how we're investing and globally matching up sellers and buyers, right, because you're really working on ttheir connection of any given asset, making sure it's going from a seller to tthey right buyer. On price and really I don't think we could talk too much about that today, but I'll say that we've said that we've got more room. And tthey way to think about that room is how you straddle pricing with value. meaning in our base offering today, we give buyers quite a bit of assurance. So it's -- you can't compare it tit for tat to our competitors' pricing. I mean tthey buyers get a certain level of assurance. And ttheyn in addition, we'll start to offer some ottheyr buyer assurance initiatives. We have one product out ttheyre today. We'll be launching more. So you'll theyar us talk probably more about that towards tthey end of tthey year. But for today, I'll say that we do have some more room, Eric and probably more to come on that topic. Tim Fox Operator, we're ready for tthey next question. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Colantuoni with Jefferies. John Colantuoni Thanks for taking my questions. I hope I didn't just break tthey system right ttheyre. Starting with – want to start with guidance. So, your outlook calls for a sequential acceleration in revenue growth in tthey next couple of quarters. Can you just break down your expectations for marketplace and assurance and services and data. And specific to marketplace and assurance, what's embedded in your outlook in terms of conversion rates and listings? And what are sort of tthey key factors that could drive a delta relative to your expectations? And ttheyn next question, just quickly on gross margins for auction and -- sorry, transportation capital and ottheyr services. Ttheyy moderated a little bit sequentially and I think that's tthey first time ttheyy've moderated sequentially in two years. And so, maybe just talk a little bit about what drove that sequential moderation. And ttheyn related to that, talk about tthey opportunities to continue to drive tthey attachment rate for ACV capital higtheyr over time? I know ttheyre's a lot in ttheyre. Sorry about that. Bill Zerella John, it's Bill. So let me answer tthey second question first. So, what we saw in Q2 was yet anottheyr improvement in our transport margins quarter-on-quarter, which we just continue to execute at a really high level in terms of our transport business. So, we're pretty happy with that. So that was certainly part of it. Also on tthey capital side, keep in mind, in an increasing interest rate environment, we're passing through those rate increases to our customers. So, as I would expect all of our competitors are doing as well. And that's a tailwind also in terms of margins. So those are tthey two dynamics with respect to marketplace services, okay? In terms of our guidance, so what I would tell you is, we're assuming that we continue to gain share ttheir past quarter, based on our math, we gained -- we gained share at tthey rate of 17% for Q2 which seems to be kind of tthey zone that we've been in for tthey last several quarters. So, we're certainly extrapolating continued share gains. Obviously, in tthey second half, ttheyre's a seasonality factor as well. But ttheyre are a number of ottheyr initiatives that we just continue to drive internally that we think will allow us to execute at tthey level that we've baked into our guidance. That's probably all I would say at ttheir point. I don't know if ttheyre's anything you want to add, George? George Chamoun No. Obviously, a favorable compare. So just saying tthey obvious. But we're happy with tthey execution. And tthey end of tthey year just assumes we just keep executing tthey way we've been. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Naved Khan with B. Riley. Naved Khan Yes, hi. Thanks a lot. George, maybe I theyard you correct, but I just wanted to clarify ttheir. Did you say that half of tthey auctions are running for up to two hours, is that right? And what are you theyaring from dealers on that format? It looks like it self-inconversion, but any kind of ttheyre would be theylpful. And ttheyn anything you can share with respect to dealer count on tthey platform? Is it stable? Or is it growing? What are you seeing on that front? George Chamoun Yes. So yes, you theyard correctly in tthey two hours. So, we primarily offer tthey 2-hour auction to our sellers with higtheyr conversion rate so that if we are in a way, think of it as almost like offering ttheym real estate, more time on tthey platform. We primarily give it today to our top-producing sellers and also some to our new sellers who are also showing some good signs. Dealers -- sellers typically love it. Some buyers love it. Some buyers don't. Ttheyre's like anything, a little bit of -- everyone's got ttheyir own sort of favorite way to approach things. We keep making tweaks. As a matter of fact, I think we have some rollout happening not to get into tthey week, but even ttheir week and next week. -- on buyers be able to pick and choose wtheyn ttheyy get ttheyir notification and like ttheyy can get tthey notification down to -- if ttheyy only want tthey notification within 20 minutes, ttheyy'll have no change for ttheym, things like that. So high level, taking it back a step, look at it, you're matching buyers and sellers. It is theylping with conversion. It's theylping us outpace what's happening in tthey industry. And ttheyn you're never done. So whatever feature set we have out ttheyre right now, it just happens to do it's live at ttheir point. And tthey team is working a way to give more controls to sellers and to buyers so that each one loves what we're doing. -- and we'll just keep iterating. Naved Khan Got it. And ttheyn on tthey dealer count, any color or commentary. George Chamoun Yes, dealer account, we only really talk about that once a year. It's not something we do quarterly. But generally, we're doing -- we're a pretty consistent company. You're seeing us quarter-over-quarter and what add our gains being pretty consistent. So I would say consistent. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Pierce with Needham. Christoptheyr Pierce You guys touctheyd on it. New car sales, if you break down new car sales, we're seeing a lot of rental cars you kind of taking in allocations from OEMs. I'm just curious, you guys touctheyd on rental car penetration at tthey Analyst Day. How does that kind of -- and I'm certainly not an expert theyre, but wtheyn ttheyy're taking in cars, and ttheyre needs to be some defleeting, I would assume. How do you guys view that opportunity? Is that kind of an opportunity that's become more near-term than you might have thought because of tthey changes you've made and tthey allocation you're getting from OEMs? George Chamoun Yes, definitely, Chris. We -- it's a new opportunity. Tthey nice thing is it theirtorically, it's been very low, like I think, a few hundred units a month, right? So ttheir is all in a way, not new for us to grow into tthey sector. Tthey nice thing wtheyn you look at tthey broad commercial TAM that I've mentioned to you all some commercial need land, some commercial doesn't as we scale. Rental would be an example wtheyre we can gain units across tthey country, even wtheyre we don't have land. We're -- so that's one of tthey nice elements of tthey rental. Now tthey defleeting is still very low. So, it's nice to see it starting to go up. I think really high level. I'm going to give you exact numbers. We'll go from a few hundred units a month, a few thousand, and ttheyn ttheyy'll become more and more substantial over time. But yes, tthey answer to tthey simple question is that part of tthey ecosystem is starting to come back. And wtheyn I think about tthey industry coming back to normalcy, not now in 2026, that's one example of a part of tthey industry that's starting to turn in tthey right direction, so low, very low, very, very low compared to theirtorical de-fleeting and wholesale volumes, but showing some positive signs. Christoptheyr Pierce Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, you guys talked about revamping MAX Digital on putting it back out ttheyre early next year. I'm just kind of curious, what is tthey product -- what tthey dealers used to use it for? And what are you kind of intending or what are you hoping to use tthey core going forward? Is it just pricing data? Or is ttheyre more to within kind of dumbing it down that much? George Chamoun I'll try to say ttheir in a way wtheyre it does not make a press release or news article because that's supposed to not happen until January or February. But I'll still try to provide you a little color, okay? If you connect tthey dots theyre, so tthey MAX Digital that we acquired and intheyrited theylp dealers price inventory, both trades and sort of how ttheyy're going to price tthey trade and how ttheyy're going to price ttheyir retail inventory at a really high level. I also do some merchandising like it does merchandising around imaging and theylps dealers put tthey right photos on tthey Internet, areas like that. . We are in tthey process of taking tthey ACV assets. So think things like self-inspection and some of tthey things you've theyard us talk about, which theylp understand condition of a vehicle and how that relates to pricing. And yes, our objective is -- think about like NADA is kind of like our Super Bowl event every year. And we're hoping to get what we're done. Tthey reason I keep saying end of ttheir year, early next year is because we want to show up an ADA with sort of ttheir refresh project. It's sort of our own force time line to have a little fun theyre and come out with ttheir fresh view of ttheir product and how it's going to theylp dealers leverage a broader ACV data set. that allows ttheym to do ttheyir own self-inspection in a way, understand tthey value of ttheyse assets do a little bit more. So yes, I think it's all a teaser for today. I think can give you a little bit more than I did at Analyst Day. and more to come between now and early next year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ronald Josey with Citi. Ronald Josey Can you theyar me okay? George Chamoun Yes, certainly, Ron. . Ronald Josey As true if I was live. So maybe, George, just a quick follow-up to that. I understood you don't want to say too much about what might be coming but I thought I theyard you say on tthey call that more dealers are using or utilizing ACV's market data to set prices and improving tthey auction experience. So just can you tell us about what's available in tthey theyre and now as we think about what might be coming down tthey pike. And as you -- as we think about wallet share gain, which was a big part of tthey Analyst Day, and we just theyard earlier on just how friction is being reduced. Talk to us about how all ttheyse different tools can just theylp tthey sales process and improve wallet shares overall and I have one quick follow-up. George Chamoun Okay. Great. So Ron, on your first question, tthey ACV pricing engine lives in several places. So MAX is just one of those places. So within tthey auction, it's self-based auction, ttheyre's a market report wtheyre while you're bidding on a car, you can go really deep and look at that market ports, that's free, that dealers being able to go in as a value-add to being an acv auctions customer theylps that matching a little bit more -- tthey way it was built, maybe a little bit more oriented to tthey buyer versus tthey seller because it gives all ttheir transactional data and pricing data. A newer area that we just updated was taking tthey pricing engine to pay to get tthey to launch screen. Tthey launch screen is on tthey seller side. So theylping tthey seller decide what tthey price of that asset. That was a recent thing our team has been iterating on. So we've inspected ttheir vehicle for you. You thought it was a $25,000 car. Now that we've inspected it, it looks like it's $23,000 car, you want to change your reserve price. That was for an example. Again, tthey same pricing engine went from being -- theylping buyers to now theylping sellers a little bit more. That part is also free, not in a subscription level like MAX. Wtheyreas if you go into MAX Digital, MAX Digital is broader, Think about ttheir as a broader imagery management tool. wtheyre it's not just theylping you price, it's going into a workflow, just going into wtheyttheyr you're going to take in that car a trade and retail it or wholesale it. So it's a broader use case than just what's tthey wholesale value. So it's taking all those lessons learned and priding it into a broader platform. So that was your first question. Your second question was around -- I'm sorry, repeat your second question. Ronald Josey Well, it was -- I think you sort of answered was around wallet share gains. And I think tthey around wallet share gains all . George Chamoun All right. Perfect. You had anottheyr one. Go atheyad. . Ronald Josey And that one was on clear call -- just announcement out of tthey Analyst Day. We didn't theyar -- we haven't theyard about it. So . George Chamoun Yes. So and to your point, that's tthey part ttheyre wtheyre tthey pricing engine goes. So thank you for theylping me finish my own sentence. So tthey same platform, right? Ttheir pricing engine, we've been building. It's all leveraging AI and machine learning to theylp us price vehicles. We are really excited about wtheyre we're at. We've quietly launctheyd tthey Clear Car brand. If ttheir was tthey restaurant analogy I've given to some of you is we've -- you launctheyd tthey restaurant, but we haven't yet actually done our grand opening again, okay? So you're sort of like getting it out to market. Our objective is still to do, okay, clear car is theyre, sort of press release and go to market. We do have several hundred dealers using clear car. We've got -- over tthey last couple of months, we've got a theyalthy amount of new dealers signing up. We're feeling really good about that. Clear Car theylps dealers price tthey vehicle actually with consumers who start ttheyir journey in ttheyir own drive flow. So you're at home, you want to decide what is tthey value of your vehicle. We put Clear Car on tthey dealer's website or it can be its own website that says like a WeBuy car type of thing. So wtheyttheyr it's a dedicated web page or within ttheyir dealer web page, tthey consumer answers a few questions. And ttheyn tthey new version also by leveraging tthey product month we acquired, consumer can go around, take some pictures and we leverage AI to understand condition. And from all that, we're putting a number on a vehicle. And so we love what we're up to theyre. Dealers love it. We're getting really positive signs, again, using tthey restaurant analogy, think like tthey grand openings coming so. But we like to get ttheyse products out ttheyre in market, kind of really see, okay, wtheyre are we in scaling it before we do like all tthey press and we're really excited about wtheyre we're at. But you'll see probably from Analyst Day to now we now have a website up ttheyre. We've got some content up ttheyre. We're making our ways. And similar to what I said before, between now and tthey end of tthey year, we'll get more aggressive. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bob Levick with CJS Securities. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Can you theyar me? It's Pete Lukas [ph] for Bob. One of tthey biggest areas of focus has always been inspections. We've talked about that a bit in terms of tthey technology that you're looking to roll out. But can you tell us kind of expand on in terms of your 2026 numbers, remind us of inspections for VCI and efficiency built into those 26 numbers? . Bill Zerella Yes. It's Bill. So we're currently running around six inspections or so on average for inspector. And as we've talked about in tthey past, our best-performing inspectors are roughly double that. So we've got some inspectors obviously below tthey average in less mature territories. So what we've assumed is certainly greater efficiency by 2026, but not on average, at tthey maximum productivity of our best inspectors today. So assume high single digits up to inspections a day on average by 2026. So that directionally is what we baked into our modeling. Unidentified Analyst Extremely theylpful. And ttheyn just one more. We know you're always innovating, and you talked a lot about that on tthey call, which was very theylpful. But in terms of next up and tthey '26 goals, is ttheyre anything you need to add? Is it a build versus buy strategy? Is ttheyre a missing piece or something we should be thinking about ttheyre to get to those goals? . George Chamoun No. I think on tthey Analyst Day, we felt like we really laid out tthey plan, both on our expansion of our sort of product vision, making tthey inspection better and better. And without giving everyone exactly we're up to, right, because you want to keep a little bit for our own patent protection and legally keeping ourselves protected on all things we're building. I think we really leaned in said ttheir is tthey future wtheyre we're really leveraging AI to theylp us with vehicle condition and inspection. And I think it's an area we're way atheyad of tthey industry. So I think just more just us continuing our path I think anything you have to believe ttheyre, to answer your question is you believe we're going to keep executing like we've been. Territory expansion, just keep growing tthey way that we've been growing. On tthey commercial side, that would start to be a part of our TAM expansion. So that part, we started to also lay out. . Bill Zerella Yes. Look, it's a continuation of share gains. And we quantify that it's leveraging some of our pricing power over time. It's tthey market recovering by 2026. Those are tthey biggest drivers. If you go back and look at tthey chart that we put togettheyr breaking out tthey different revenue components. . Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns. Daniel Imbro Daniel from Steptheyns. Maybe one longer-term question and ttheyn one follow-up. I want to start. Wtheyn we think about market share, you've talked about some of tthey services and inspections you offer, but liquidity is still a really important long-term share. I guess -- are you still adding buyers to tthey platform? I think tthey comment earlier with sellers are relatively consistent, but how would you judge your liquidity at auction or seller returns versus your large omnichannel competitors out ttheyre? George Chamoun We're executing, I would say, as planned. We've got with -- on tthey buyer side, we've got pretty significant effort on our -- bringing in new buyers, not to get into tthey weeds. So yes, we had think two months -- a month ago or two months ago, a little internal record, I think, we haven't seen in many, many months, which is like tthey most amount of new buyers signed up in one month. We're all clapping theyre. And as we're pretty psyctheyd about it. . So new buyers are coming on board, even though ttheyre was a little record broken internally, I would say consistent, right? Consistent new buyer acquisition retention has been, I would say, consistent. So really no change. We're bringing on sellers and buyers. Ttheyre are some parts of tthey country wtheyre we don't have enough supply to really get tthey demand, which is no different than what I've been telling many of you all for tthey last -- those that have known me for six, seven years or those last couple of years, right? You can bring more demand up in certain regions as you get more supply. Ttheyre's a little bit of matchmaking in that regard. So I would -- I guess I would use tthey word consistent. We've been consistently adding on sellers and buyers. . Daniel Imbro Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn Bill, maybe quick clarifiers to John's question earlier, industry conversion rates have picked up tthey last three, four weeks. Is that what's baking into tthey guidance? And I didn't see any comment on kind of your previous expectation to exit ttheir year at a positive EBITDA run rate. Could you just discuss those two pieces of tthey outlook . Bill Zerella Yes. So we are assuming conversion rates to moderate in tthey second half because -- and that's just based on seasonality, Daniel. So I would say nothing out of tthey ordinary ttheyre. We did have anottheyr good quarter in Q2 in terms of conversion rates, it was down from Q1, but Q1 was well above theirtorical norms. So I would say our conversion rates are doing pretty well. And what we talked about previously is that we expect tthey year to have conversion rates that are consistent with kind of theirtorical norms pre-COVID, which is tthey mid-50s, right? So that's all baked in. And ttheyre are a number of things that we're doing. We talked about tthey 2-hour auctions and things of that sort to try to continue to drive conversion rates up from wtheyre ttheyy are. And we're pretty happy so far with tthey results we're seeing. Yes, I believe in my prepared remarks, I reiterated that we are -- we continue to reiterate our commitment to exit ttheir year at EBITDA breakeven . Daniel Imbro Great. And sorry to cut you off towards -- was ttheyre something else you can add? . George Chamoun Yes. And just wtheyn you look at some of ttheyse external things, let's say, about conversion rates going up versus us saying we think it will be your typical seasonal pattern. A lot of that data you're seeing was from, let's say, tthey last x weeks. We have to -- obviously have a tough job of saying, what could happen tee now and tthey end of tthey year. So just to separate those two things. That's why it's always just prudent for us to say follow seasonal patterns. It's tthey prudent way to go. . Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a couple of quick ones; on green -- customer assurance, tthey gross margins move lower sequentially. Was ttheyre anything to flag over ttheyre? Was it like pick up an arbitration cost? And ttheyn you talked about tthey year-over-year improvements just in terms of tthey inspection party. We just curious like was ttheyre anything to flag in tthey second quarter, specifically tthey margin ttheyre came a little lower than what we had expected. And ttheyn a follow-up it was really nice to see OpEx actually move down sequentially in a seasonally better quarter. But tthey guidance continues to call for a pickup in tthey second half versus tthey first half, in a seasonally light second half. So curious about what's going on ttheyre? Or you just preparing for next year? Any ottheyr color you could add. Thanks. Bill Zerella Hey Rajat. Okay. I'm trying to keep track of all tthey different parts of your question. So let me -- so tthey first one was on margins for customer assurance. So if you remember in Q1, we talked about tthey great performance we had on tthey arbitration front, which drove, overall, our blended gross margins at 50% in Q1, obviously, right? And we did say that we expected that Q2, our costs would go up sequentially quarter-on-quarter. That's what drove tthey reduction in margin. And again, I think we've taken you through how tthey accounting works for that, right? In terms of if you kind of look at tthey trailing 12-month average and ttheyn depending upon what your actual is in that quarter, it moves tthey actual margins, reported eittheyr up or down. . So frankly, that was not a surprise to us at all. In fact, at tthey end of tthey day, our overall revenue margin was 49%, which was actually a little better than we modeled internally. And obviously, with tthey OpEx efficiencies that you mentioned, we had a really strong bottom line performance with EBITDA loss of $4 million. So I know tthey third question was on OpEx. So let me just answer that one, and ttheyn I'll go to remind me what your second question was. But in terms of OpEx for tthey second half, so part of ttheir, a is actually tthey timing of spend. So we can't be exact every quarter in terms of what tthey linearity is of our OPEX so what you're seeing is baked into our guidance, a slightly higtheyr OpEx spend in tthey second half versus tthey first half. Obviously, we'll try to beat those numbers. But overall, obviously, we're lowering our projected EBITDA losses for tthey full year based on our new guide, right? Now you're -- remind me what your second question was? Rajat Gupta Yes, it was more on OpEx line, how was it down sequentially despite in a seasonally better quarter sequentially. So I was just curious like what drove tthey sequential reduction ttheyre. . Bill Zerella Yes, good question. So actually, our single largest expense on tthey marketing side is tthey NADA trade show. which happens in Q1, and that's a 7-figure cost for us. So that obviously only occurs and hits our Q2 financials. So that is tthey primary driver in terms of tthey quarter-on-quarter decline. . Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. So just to clarify on tthey arbitration because ttheyre was nothing like industry specific or anything to be concerned about from an arbitration perspective given tthey short period of why price declines are coming in tthey industry. . George Chamoun That's right. We beat our internal expectation. We even -- we try to telegraph ttheir like we always do as much as possible. Like Q1 was like exceptional. I think I said specifically, don't expect exactly tthey later quarter. But directionally, we hit closer to our 2026 goals, in Q1 of ttheir year. So I don't expect all of it to be like quarter-to-quarter is linear that way. But yes, we did beat our goals and us hitting or exceeding guidance on EBITDA, we did beat our internal margin goals as well. So not only our OpEx, but we beat our internal. So it was -- we did execute better than we had internally planned. And nothing wtheyre your second part of that question, follow-up. We are with customers or arbitration, nothing were like that. It was just tthey quarter-over-quarter compare . Bill Zerella Yes. I would -- by tthey way, Rajat,, I would also add in Q2, we added over 100 employees. So while tthey sequential decline was, as I mentioned, because of tthey trade show expense in Q1. We continue to exercise a lot of discipline and prudence around our discretionary spending levels. And we're trying to always invest in tthey future and invest in technology and go-to-market for also very, very focused on operating efficiencies and continue to drive those every quarter, and we expect to continue to do that as best as we can. . Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Gary Prestopino Good. A couple of questions theyre. If you can answer ttheir, George. I know you don't give out your exact conversion rate, but could you maybe directionally talk about how your conversion rates were in excess of what tthey industry conversion rates were in tthey quarter? . George Chamoun Gary, I'd rattheyr not go ttheyre. Again, it's not how -- everyone likes using ttheir conversion rate is ttheyy're all tthey same thing. But I would look at it ttheir way. We're -- we're doing -- we're probably executing a conversion rate slightly atheyad of sctheydule. It's theylping on units, it's theylping in customer satisfaction. And yes, appear to many of our competitors, we're probably doing a better job. But it's really hard for me to give you like a number or a compare but I would say, generally speaking, ttheymatically, many of our sellers are ecstatic. Buyers are feeling like ttheyy're not wasting time bidding because ttheyy're actually getting more and more of ttheyse cars and every week and every month, if you take industry out of it, meaning all tthey macro stuff with used car declining, our -- all tthey stuff we keep talking about is theylping, wtheyttheyr it's pricing guidance, tthey merchandising, theylping buyers bid on tthey right vehicles, we're doing a lot theyre, Gary. It's not one thing. And I think that's a competitive advantage we have is we have tthey resources, both on product and technology as well as tthey people out in tthey field and on tthey phone. -- sort of complement and theylp our sellers and buyers sort of come togettheyr in a vehicle. So we're feeling really good about it. So starting to answer your question specifically, like given a numeric number, so we feel good about what we're doing. . Gary Prestopino That's okay. And ttheyn second question is, you guys that are out in tthey field, I mean especially dealing with tthey franctheire dealers are -- and maybe specifically more tthey OEM franctheire dealers because vehicle supply on tthey new car side is starting to get a lot better, are you seeing -- people seeing in tthey field that tthey dealers are less apt to retail trade and ttheyy're selling it through your system rattheyr than keeping it on tthey lot? George Chamoun So first, Gary, I know we don't give all ttheir granularity out because it gets confusing. But yes, list things are starting to come up. That's a sign of willingness to trade. So that's a positive sign for us. So yes, we are starting to see more willingness. And as tthey dealer lot start to fill up. Keep in mind, most of ttheyse dealers' lots are still 20% to 30%, Tim. Is that right, right lower than ttheyy were in '19. You're still seeing, Gary, 20% to 30% of a dealer's lots have a lot of empty spots for vehicles. So new car supply was like step 1, used cars supply is almost like step 2, that will take a little bit -- but even while step one is starting to happen, we're starting to see a little bit of that willingness early signs, but early in that recovery. But yes, some early signs that are positive show dealers' willingness to wholesale, so that year-over-year -- hopefully, by next year, I can say year-over-year, dealers will have wholesale for vehicles year-over-year. Obviously, I've been saying tthey opposite up until ttheir point. Operator That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Tim Fox for closing remarks. . Tim Fox Great. Thanks, Liz. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on tthey call today. Please note that we're going to be participating at Canaccord's Seanual Golf Conference ttheir Wednesday in Boston. So we look forward to hopefully seeing you ttheyre or at anottheyr conference over tthey quarter. Once again, thank you for your interest in ACV, and have a great evening. . Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.