ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 16, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tim Fox - VP, IR George Chamoun - CEO William Zerella - CFO Conference Call Participants Andrew Drew - JMP Securities Robert Labick - CJS Securities Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs Ali Faghri - Guggentheyim Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan John Colantuoni - Jefferies Michael Graham - Canaccord Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACV Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to Tim Fox, ACV’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tim Fox Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining ACV’s conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today’s comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business can be found in our SEC filings and in today’s press release both of which can be found in our Investor Relations website. During ttheir call, we will discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided in today’s earnings material, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Let me begin by reflecting on ACV first calendar year as a public company, which was capped off by strong performance in tthey fourth quarter. In 2021, we transacted nearly $8 billion of GMV on our marketplace, which is 140% year-over-year growth and pretty incredible wtheyn you consider ACV launctheyd just six years ago. As I will discuss in more detail later, tthey automotive industry continues to experience competing cross currents with increased vehicle values, while also resulting in less ecosystem supply. Despite ttheyse cross currents, we delivered over $350 million of revenue in over 70% growth well above tthey targets we provided during our IPO last March. Ttheir was accomplittheyyd by having tthey broadest and most differentiated digital solutions in tthey market that are being delivered by tthey best team, enabling ACV to expand our dealer network and gain market share. As Bill will cover in more detail later our plan for 2022 is to continue investing in driving strong revenue growth, furttheyr differentiating our digital solutions and scaling our operations. All while delivering an adjusted EBITDA margin 600 basis points higtheyr than our IPO model. We remain committed to achieving adjusted EBITDA breakeven exiting 2023. And we are excited to share details on our 2026 financial targets at our Analysts Day on March 1. With that, let me turn to fourth quarter highlights on slide 3. As you can see, our market momentum continued in tthey fourth quarter wtheyre we transacted $2.5 billion of GMV growth of nearly 170% year-over-year. We sold 139,000 vehicles on our digital marketplace, a 35% increase year-over-year and an increase of over 80% on a two year basis. We delivered a record $100 million of revenue in tthey quarter, an important milestone for tthey ACV team, which was 86% year-over-year growth. Our revenue outperformance can be attributed to three factors. First, we executed our playbook to grow market share by attracting new dealers into our ecosystem and expanding dealer wallet share. Second, ARPU benefited from a higtheyr mix of newer vehicles and strong used vehicle prices. And third, high attach rates or value added services. Overall, we’re very pleased with strong execution by tthey ACV team and continued customer adoption of our growing suite of services. To frame tthey rest of our discussion today, we will focus on tthey three top level elements of our strategy to drive long term shareholder value, marketplace growth, TAM and product expansion and operating scale. Let me begin with marketplace growth. On slide 5, let’s cover more details on tthey quarter. We transacted 139,000 units in Q4 which was 35% growth year-over-year and an 84% wtheyn compared with Q4, 2019. For tthey full year, we transacted over 560,000 units representing 43% growth year-over-year and 132% growth compared to 2019. Tthey positive market trends I referenced earlier, related to vehicle values theylped contribute to fourth quarter GMV growth of 170% year-over-year. Consistent with trends during tthey first three quarters of 2021 vehicle mix on our marketplace moved up market in Q4. In fact, since last year, tthey percentage of vehicles valued over $15,000 doubled to nearly 40% in 2021. Well, elevated vehicle values may normalize over time we believe ttheir higtheyr mix of newer vehicles and ACV’s marketplace is sustainable, resulting in long term tailwind ARPU.  Moving to slide 6, we thought it’d be theylpful again ttheir quarter to provide some context on tthey dealer wholesale market in relation to tthey broader automotive market. As I mentioned earlier, ttheir is a case of competing cross currents. Tthey two charts in tthey top row highlight trends in tthey used vehicle market. Sales of used vehicles remain elevated nearly 70% above pre-COVID levels, reflecting strong consumer demand and strong retail values. Tthey chart on tthey right shows how ttheir demand and environment translated to theirtorically high prices for wholesale vehicles. Strong demand and pricing have been nice tailwind for ACV, which you saw reflected in record level ARPU last year. Tthey two charts on tthey bottom highlight tthey trends for new vehicles, which continue to paint a very different picture. Tthey semiconductor chip shortages and ottheyr automotive supply chain issues resulted in a steep decline in new vehicle sales. Tthey latest SAR reading of around 13 million units is down 30% from pre-COVID levels. In days supply of light vehicles at franctheired dealerships contracted to around 22 days versus theirtorical levels in tthey 60s. As a reminder, ttheir supply picture matters to ACV because consumer trade-ins for new vehicles are critical input into tthey dealer wholesale market, theirtorically representing a significant portion of tthey annual supply. With new inventories at such acute levels, tthey volume of trades entering tthey wholesale market has declined, resulting in a temporary contraction in tthey market we serve. We continue to believe its temporary because tthey chip supply picture will no doubt improve in tthey coming quarters. And given tthey investments we’re making about territory expansion, and our differentiated product suite ACV is very well positioned to benefit from tthey resulting recovery in tthey wholesale market. Turning to side 7, and you got a finer point on tthey supply dynamics in tthey market. Based on our proprietary analysis we estimate that tthey US dealer wholesale market contracted 12% quarter-over-quarter in Q4 and contracted about 5% from Q4, 2020. Despite ttheyse transient supply theyadwinds, we continue to gain market share and attract new dealers to our marketplace. Given our 35% year-over-year unit growth in Q4, 2021, and our estimate that tthey market contracted 5% ttheir implies ACV gained 40% share year-over-year. For all of 2021, we believe that tthey US dealer wholesale market grew modestly at about 5%, with tthey growth benefiting from a strong first half compared to 2020, wtheyre COVID had a significant impact. As such, we believe that ACV gained 38% market share in 2021. Tthey takeaway theyre is that while our industry is facing temporary supply constraints ACV is gaining market share, attracting new dealers at an impressive pace and delivering strong revenue growth. Next on slide 8, we are pleased with tthey progress our ACV team made on territory expansion, and we are now positioned to engage with nearly all franctheire dealers in tthey U.S. Following each territory launch we execute our proven go to market playbook by growing our inspection team, attracting dealers to tthey marketplace and creating tthey powerful network effect that we’ve proven across tthey country. Moving on to slide 9, auction marketplace revenue growth was 73% year-over-year and nearly 200% growth for Q4, 2019. Full year auction marketplace revenue of $164 million was up 66% year-over-year driven primarily by 43% unit growth and to a lesser extent higtheyr ARPU during tthey year. Turning now to slide 10, over tthey last few quarters, I’ve highlighted our consumer sourcing offering live appraisal that contributed to our strong unit growth in 2021. We were an early mover in ttheir category, enabling our dealers to offer ttheyir customers a unique and effective way to sell ttheyir vehicles on ACV’s marketplace. Live appraisals came significant market traction delivering over $200 million of GMV in Q4 alone. Live appraisal is being leveraged by dealers across tthey country with sales in 48 states last year. We continue to invest in ttheir category, and look forward to detailing our vision to furttheyr penetrate ttheir large market opportunity at our upcoming Analyst Day. Let me turn to tthey second element of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value TAM and product expansion. Moving to slide 12, let’s touch on two offerings that are creating incremental growth levers starting first for programmatic buying. We are very excited about tthey market traction of our programmatic buying offerings. It’s still early days. But ttheir innovative way of enabling dealers to engage with our marketplace already contributed to a mid single digit percentage of units in Q4. Our buying API is live with dealers who have technology platforms that integrate directly with ACV’s real time APIs to generate bids in our marketplace. We’re engaging with a diverse set of customers that include large dealers, rental car companies, and a leading specialty auto parts supplier. In addition, our new programmatic buying user experience launctheyd in Q4. Ttheir offering enables tthey rest of our dealer partners to leverage programmatic buying on our marketplace by creating inventory wish lists to automatically source ttheyir inventory needs. Ttheyse programmatic buying capabilities, togettheyr with our nationwide inspection team enabled ACV to offer a highly efficient and trusted experience, which we believe delivers superior results for our dealer partners. Moving to our private marketplace offering. Recall that ttheir private auction platform leverages ACV’s open marketplace technology to enable large dealer groups to optimize intra group trades. Private marketplaces provide ACV with anottheyr avenue to engage tthey largest dealer groups in tthey country who collectively own about 6,000 rooftops across tthey U.S. We are seeing strong initial demand and look forward to updating you on tthey adoption of private marketplaces in tthey coming quarters. Moving to slide 13. We’re very excited about tthey market traction we’re seeing with our MAX Digital SAS and data offerings. MAX Digital pricing guidance, merchandising and inventory management products are a natural complement to ACV’s data services that togettheyr create exciting growth synergies. In fact, tthey MAX Digital pipeline has grown by over 150% since tthey acquisition closed last July. We look forward to sharing updates and ACV’s broader vehicle intelligence strategy at our Analysts Day. Turning to slide 14, let me wrap up ttheir section with an update on our value added services. We are making significant investments in tthey technology and resources to scale ACV transportation, and ACV capital. Ttheyse investments are driving strong top line growth by delivering highly differentiated services to tthey market while also creating efficiencies for both our partners and for ACV. ACV transport continues to be a key enabler of attracting new buyers to tthey platform. Our growing carrier partner network and fast cycle times resulted in attach rates exceeding 50% in Q4. Ttheir is a full year atheyad of our original plan. A huge shout out to ACV transportation team for achieving ttheir milestone in such short order. ACV capital continues to gain traction in tthey market. And like, our transfer business is tracking atheyad of tthey milestones built into our long term targets. Capital attach rates reach tthey mid single digits in Q4 with 200% loan volume growth year-over-year. Tthey new finance offerings we launctheyd last June are translating into strong revenue per loan growth. We continue to be excited about tthey revenue and margin opportunities for our capital business as ttheir business scales in tthey coming years. With that, let me hand it over to Bill to take you through our financial results and how we’re driving growth at scale. William Zerella Thanks, George, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q4 financial performance, having again delivered upside to both our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance despite tthey challenging macro factors George outlined earlier on tthey call. Turning to slide 16, I’ll begin with a review of our fourth quarter results. Revenue of 100 million was above tthey high end of guidance and generated year-over-year growth of 86%. Adjusted EBITDA loss of 16 million, or 16% of revenue was also very favorable relative to our Q4 guidance. Ttheir performance was driven by our solid revenue results in tthey quarter, and underscores tthey intheyrent operating leverage in our business model. As expected cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increase year-over-year and was modestly above our expectations. Tthey year-over-year increase was driven primarily by tthey mix of ACV transport revenue, which increased approximately 800 basis points year-over-year and exceeded our expectations. As a reminder, we believe through tthey scaling of ACV transport, we can deliver a better SLA to both sellers and buyers, while also scaling ttheir offering to generate better economics over time. Total operating costs excluding cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased by approximately 200 basis points year-over-year which demonstrates operating leverage in our model. Ttheir operating leverage was achieved despite investments across our technology portfolio, operations and go to market functions. Investments we are making to fuel our long-term growth strategy. Turning to slide 17, I will cover some additional detail on revenue. We have a diverse revenue mix with approximately 86% of revenue evenly split between auction marketplace and service revenue with tthey balancing customer assurance. Auction marketplace revenue increased modestly quarter-over-quarter, and was better than our expectations due to both higtheyr ARPU and unit performance in tthey quarter. For 2021 auction marketplace revenues up 66% versus 2020, reflecting strong dealership acquisition and continued penetration of tthey wholesale market. Profitability in our auction marketplace remained strong in tthey quarter and consistent with tthey high 80% theirtorical rate. Our services business continued to outperform expectations with strong results in transportation and capital. Moving to slide 18, I would like to discuss tthey operating leverage in our business. Here we’re showing theirtorical adjusted EBITDA margin along with results for 2021. As I mentioned earlier, 2021 was a year of significant investment for ACV and as you’ve theyard throughout our discussion today, we’re delivering on our territory expansion plans, launching new digital offerings to drive additional market share, and investing in technology to scale our operations. Ttheyse investments translated into a 56% year-over-year increase in operating expense, excluding cost of revenue. And despite ttheir increase our adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 300 basis points year-over-year again highlighting tthey underlying operating leverage in our business model. Now I’ll turn to guidance on slide 19, for tthey first quarter of 2022 we are expecting revenue in tthey range of 100 million to 102 million, a growth rate of 45% to 48% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of 17 million to 18 million. For tthey full year 2022 we are expecting revenue in tthey range of 450 million to 460 million, a growth rate of 26% to 28% year-over-year and approximately 45 million or 10% above our IPO model. Adjusted EBITDA expected to be a loss in tthey range of 53 million to 57 million, or 12% of revenue at tthey midpoint of guidance. Note that tthey 2022 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be an improvement of approximately 600 basis points relative to our IPO model, which puts us firmly on a path to achieve adjusted EBITDA breakeven exiting 2023. As it relates to our 2022 guidance, although tthey ongoing automotive supply chain issues have made it challenging to project, both used vehicle values and vehicle trade volumes on our marketplace, we believe we have multiple levers in our business model and ttheyrefore multiple paths to achieve our 2022 revenue guidance. We are also providing newly establittheyyd 2026 financial targets of 1.3 billion in revenue, 30% CAGR and 325 million in adjusted EBITDA at 25% adjusted EBITDA margin. We look forward to providing you with more color on our path to achieve ttheyse targets at our upcoming Analyst Day in a few weeks. To wrap up my comments, let me highlight our strong capital structure on slide 20. We ended 2021 with 580 million in cash and equivalents and marketable securities, 164 million of which reflects tthey flow in our auction business. Note that we generated 85 million of cash flow from operations during tthey year due to an increase in tthey float on our marketplace since December 31, 2020. Tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully driven by business trends in tthey final two weeks of each quarter. We ended 2021 with 500,000 of long term debt associated with our ACV capital business. Given our strong cash position, we continue to optimize our cost of capital and our current levels are self funding tthey ACV capital business. And with that, let me turn it back to George.  George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let’s summarize. We are very pleased with our continued strong execution on navigating through unprecedented times in our industry. We are especially proud of our ACV team is delivered ttheyse results while also navigating tthey challenges created by tthey global pandemic. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share within our existing customer base which positions ACV for strong growth going forward. We are executing on our territory expansion plans. Our marketplace offerings are gaining traction in tthey market and see some very promising growth synergies emerging from our SAS and data services such as MAX Digital. Lastly, we are on track to generate over $1 billion in revenue with attractive margins through a proven business model that delivers scalable growth with strong unit economics and operating leverage that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Drew with JMP Securities. You may proceed with your question. Andrew Drew Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to start off given tthey volatility that we’ve seen within vehicle pricing, can you just talk about tthey puts and takes for that as we think about 2022? And ttheyn secondly on programmatic buying and your private marketplace are you seeing traction ttheyre with dealers that are newer to tthey platform? In ottheyr words, is ttheir kind of tthey tip of tthey spear in terms of go to market? Or is ttheir gaining traction with older customers wtheyre you guys have more trust ttheyre? Thanks so much. George Chamoun Thanks, Andrew. I’ll kick ttheir off. And ttheyn Bill if you want to add some more context, please do. So first, we’ll look at what’s going on as far as TMB prices in Q4 was definitely could possibly been a peak for tthey industry Andrew. None of us know. But without a doubt Q4 GMV was high. If you look at some of tthey industry data, and that’s coming out both out to retail data of consumers starting to little some softening to consumers willing to pay certain retail values a little bit of data out ttheyre on tthey wholesale from various folks. I think so far we’re seeing a very slow but small you know change in GMV but nothing radical yet. So I think we’ll start to see that we believe we will start to see that happen throughout tthey year a moderation on GMV. So that theylps you think, but as you know tthey ottheyr puts and takes as we think about 2022 is volume. We do think volume will also start to slowly come back. So wtheyn you think about our sort of puts and takes about ARPU first units, ttheyy do kind of go hand in hand. And so if we do see GMV start to go down in a way that we could start to see volume start to come up. So hopefully that gives you a little context. Bill if you want to add any more please do. William Zerella Yes, what I would add, Andrew is George just described tthey levers which basically gives us multiple ways to kind of get to tthey same results. What we observed last year, obviously record ARPU is because of record GMV. Although units, especially in tthey second half were more challenging. But those two certs off more than actually tthey higtheyr ARPU more than offset tthey lower units. So in ttheir coming year, it’ll all depend on how tthey supply fixture changes and evolves through tthey year. If it continues to be more challenging, we would expect that our ARPU would be higtheyr, and conversely. So again, multiple paths to get potentially tthey same result depending upon what happens with tthey supply of new vehicles. George Chamoun And ttheyn Andrew on your second question relating to programmatic buying. Some of tthey early participants were existing buyers, large buyers who have now adopted programmatic and some of tthey buyers who are now leveraging programmatic had never participated previously with ACV. So we do have both constituents of buyers who are buying more in a way we’re getting more wallet share out of that buyer because ttheyy now have a programmatic or look at us persistent demand on ACV. And we also have new participants who are now buying on ACV, while ttheir was our opportunity to win ttheym over. And that ttheyy now can set it up. Look at tthey way ttheyy’re buying change it however many times ttheyy would like a week, but ttheyy’ve got a very simple and efficient way to buy initially on ACV we were saying initially, and ttheyn in tthey future that might be beyond ACV. I hope that answers your two questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Labick with CJS Securities. You may proceed with your question.  Robert Labick Hi, thanks, congratulations on some very strong operations. I want to start with Live appraisal, you highlighted it in tthey slide deck and presentation a little bit. Maybe we could dig a little bit deeper. It’s co-branded with dealers, how do you market it to tthey dealers? And how penetrated is it now versus wtheyre do you see it going over time in terms of tthey numbers of dealers that you’re penetrated with? So that’s kind of tthey first part of tthey question. And ttheyn tthey second part is, wtheyre are those, wtheyre would those cars ottheyrwise go? Are those like peer to peer cars before and coming now into tthey dealer market? Or were ttheyy going to go to a different avenue? Or wtheyre do you think tthey cars are coming from that are going through Live appraisal? George Chamoun Yes. Thanks, Bob. And your first part of tthey question ttheyre. So one, we’re thrilled with our growth in our traction of Live Appraisal. Tthey way dealers are using tthey product does vary. So in our slides, we showed some images ttheyre. One of tthey images with, was like a 10 event, wtheyre tthey dealer is marketing to consumers in ttheyir market. It could be via radio, it could be via television, billboards, come auction your car. Some of ttheym are using tthey ACV brand some of ttheym, some of ttheym don’t, some of ttheym just market tthey function of auctioning ttheyir vehicle. And we don’t today prescribe exactly how to go to market with tthey dealers who are participating. But tthey commonality theyre is Live Appraisal enables a dealer to market transparency to ttheyir consumers. And as you know, ttheir is a hot topic and it’s a topic that why just have what one dealer is willing to pay for your car why not have what tthey market is willing to pay. And so a lot of research we’ve been doing our own research will start to circulate ttheir in tthey coming quarters is consumers love tthey idea of transparency. Consumers love tthey idea of fair, consumers love tthey idea of knowing something markets determining tthey value of not just one dealer. So hopefully, ttheyre’s a little bit of like ttheir various way ttheyy’re going to market, various ways ttheyy’re leveraging our brand. But ttheyre’s a consistency in ttheir whole transparency. Tthey second part of your question, related to wtheyre’s tthey noise ttheir share coming from. And I’ll put it under, really two buckets. And it’s hard for us to tell at ttheir point, in our journey, what percent comes from bucket A, and what percent from bucket B, Bill describe tthey two buckets. So tthey first bucket would be a consumer wants to trade-in ttheyir car and buy a car, a consumer would like to understand tthey value of ttheyir car. And ttheyy’re looking to buy, ttheyy’re looking to understand tthey value in Live Appraisal is an incredible way. So if you look at tthey overall dealer wholesale market retailing dealers is one segment of overall TAM. That’s one segment. And ttheyn to your point, anottheyr segment, that final strew into dealer wholesale, it some portion of peer to peer, which in any calendar might be 9 million to 11 million vehicles. Why would a consumer sell a car to anottheyr consumer, if dealers are willing to pay more, ttheyy’re willing to pay in a fair way, it’s easy, it’s no hassle, you don’t have to worry about sending a title to anottheyr consumer, dealing with fraud dealing with everything. And our research is showing and again, over time, we’ll start to share research that consumers many consumers would favor getting a fair price and no friction. So what portion is coming from bucket A, let’s call that dealer wholesale that comes from tthey trade portion. Or B, which is tthey portion that rolls up into dealer wholesale that traditionally, wtheyn it came from peer to peer we don’t have a great fit breakdown just yet Bob wtheyre tthey share is coming from but without a doubt it’s coming from both. Robert Labick That’s great. Appreciate tthey detail very much. I would like to ask one more question. I would just since tthey IPO, obviously, ttheyre’s been a lot of change in tthey marketplace and ttheyre’s been some new entrants and new announced entrants in CDKs, DMS offering and things like that. So could you just tell us how you stack up? How you think tthey competitive landscape may have changed and your differentiation versus some of ttheyse new entrants even in tthey last year? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. So Bob as you know, you’ve been doing research on ttheir market for a long time. We’ve had hundreds of competitors from day 1, hundreds and that’s not, ttheyre’s nothing new about us having competitors. Ttheir is not an industry wtheyre ttheyre was one or two players. Ttheir is an industry wtheyre ttheyre was national players, local players. National players that have physical and digital, ttheyre’s been a lot of different participants in ttheir ecosystem. So we look at our Q4 results and you look at tthey fact that quarter-over-quarter, tthey market dealer wholesale, might have shrunk as much as 12% according to our proprietary analysis. Even among all of ttheyse new competitors, former competitors we are taking share. So ttheyre will be new entrants, ttheyre will always be new entrants. I’ll now kind of give you anottheyr way of looking at ttheir. Ttheyre’s different types of wholesale and wtheyn you look at different types of wholesale, we started our journey with tthey lower priced assets that were tthey typical trade and ttheyse were tthey higtheyr mileage, lower price you saw our GMV in tthey early years was lower. You saw that if any of you were watching our auctions, you decide tthey typical car had 80,000 to 100,000 miles on it. You might even know, you might have theyard us even call it tthey typical wholesale car. That was early years and we did a fantastic job of bringing tthey best condition report. We made digital happen because we brought transparency and trust to ttheyse vehicles that really needed a strong condition report to sort of come to life and be something that’d be contracted simply over tthey internet, we made that happen. Over tthey last couple of years, you’ve seen us grow. We now are no longer just a marketplace for lower price cars, tthey high mileage, lot of issues. Tthey participants have changed both sellers and buyers. Tthey trust in ACV has changed. If any, some of you’ve done research on ttheir your say, I have theyard, I read some of your research that said, we wish ACV inspection was on every car. And in so look at as we grow, and we grow tthey use cases, we can broaden our share of tthey overall wholesale sector. So we went from an early lead in one category and we definitely now started to grown our share and as we continue to invest in our platform, and we continue to add more and more trust, and we add tthey additional elements like programmatic and making things simple. We think we’re in a great spot.  Robert Labick That’s great. Thank you, George.  George Chamoun Thanks, Bob.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Stheyridan with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question. Eric Stheyridan Thanks so much. And thanks for all tthey detail on tthey presentation. I wanted to go back to slides 12 to 14, wtheyre you sort of laying out TAM and product expansion and tthey drivers in tthey services business of tthey long term. How much of what’s atheyad of you, in tthey years forward are elements wtheyre you still need to invest to build scale and services and to tackle ttheir product expansion opportunity versus it’s already been built and you’re now in execution mode. So we can better understand tthey mix of investments that are needed versus pure sort of execution, that’s going to drive mix in tthey business in tthey years atheyad. Thanks guys. George Chamoun Yes, thanks Eric. Obviously great question. In broad, so I’ll try to get in ttheyre. If you want to ask tthey follow up, please go right atheyad. So wtheyn you look at tthey journey from a technology perspective. Some of tthey elements of slide 12, 13, and 14, some of ttheyse are early parts of tthey journey in some are endeavors that we were many years in. So we look at something like programmatic obviously, we just launctheyd that last year, we’re really, but ttheir isn’t like an R&D gun core, we’ve got big some largest dealers in tthey country behind lots of cars, and ottheyr types of constituents. So yes, ttheyre is an investment theyre to keep it going. But it’s in market, it’s going, it’s working, same thing with private marketplace. We’ve got some of tthey largest dealers in tthey country already using private marketplace. And of course, ttheyy’ve got requirements. Ttheyy’ve got tthey next thing, tthey beauty about tech is you get in tthey hands of your customers, and ttheyy would like go a little more of it, little more of that. So ttheyre’s definitely continued investment. But with that investment has with it tthey exact requirements we’re theyaring from dealers is saying we’ll do more with you if you do tthey following. And we look at products like MAX. MAX Digital, was already in tthey leader in a category for some of tthey items like merchandising, and, and really understanding a car by car, how ttheyy’re unique, and how that relates to pricing. So we had a fantastic base to work from. But with our national sales force, and now we’re starting to integrate it into tthey core theyre what you’re seeing ttheyre, we’re getting leverage of tthey pipeline ttheyre from wtheyn we bought it to now and look at it like tthey growth from adjoining ACV has been fantastic. Wtheyreas products like transportation and capital wtheyn we went public, we were pretty open. We said we had to engineers and transport in public because we didn’t yet have tthey resources to go invest in all tthey things we wanted. I was very transparent on that. Now fast forward, we’ve got a dozen or so or more folks just focused on transport. Look at how well we’re doing on taking transport what was a losing business from a margin perspective to now we’re showcasing confidence that ttheir is a business we are going to hit our long term targets. We are investing in tthey tech. Our team feels great about it. So something like that wtheyn we were public we had a couple engineers and now at least we’ve got a small team who are going and we are at attach rates on transport at 50%. It’s because we can optimize lanes. We can be scientific about our pricing. So all you’re really theyaring me say wtheyttheyr it be capital we’re seeing our tax rates grow. Our tech investments have been incredible. Our acquisitions are getting us more and more about ttheir broader product suite. So we're feeling good. And at tthey end of tthey day wtheyn we look at what we're doing for our investors tthey shareholder value we're getting out of tthey several 100 folks we have in product and engineering is paying off. Eric Stheyridan Great. Thanks, so much. Really appreciate tthey framing and look forward to tthey Analysts Day in a couple of weeks, guys. George Chamoun Yes, thanks so much, Eric. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ali Faghri with Guggentheyim. You may proceed with your question. Ali Faghri Hi everyone thanks for taking my questions. So I've recognized ttheyre's a lot of different ways which can play out in terms of volume and revenue per unit in 2022. But maybe you can theylp us understand what volume growth assumption right now is embedded in your 1Q and 2022 full-year guidance. I also have tthey same question about tthey volume assumption that's embedded in your 2026 $1.3 billion revenue guidance? William Zerella Hi Ali, it's Bill. So Ali we really don’t get to that level of fidelity and tthey reason why is because again tthey multiple ways that we could get to tthey same results. Right, so we know obviously we still end up challenging environments in terms of supply. We believe that we'll start to abate by tthey time we get to tthey second half and that supply will start to increase as new car production improves. And that obviously is mentioned earlier sort of ttheyre's a play between ARPU and units, right. And that ttheyy're both related to each ottheyr. With supply challenges, used car prices are typically higtheyr which generates higtheyr ARPU and ttheyn conversely vice-versa. So we purposely don’t get to that level of fidelity since again we can model our business in a few different ways and see that ttheyre's multiple path to get to tthey same result. And that's why we don’t get to that level of fidelity Ali. Ali Faghri Okay. That makes sense, thanks Bill. And just as a quick follow-up theyre. In terms of your GMV outlook, so that makes sense that it would gradually normalize through tthey year but it does look like you took your feet higtheyr in tthey fourth quarter. So is ttheyre a potential that we could see GMV normalize what your revenue per unit actually remains at elevated levels and those fee adjustments kind of offset that underlying price normalization. And ttheyn on top of that, I guess what is tthey opportunity theyre going forward for furttheyr fee adjustments upward, again it seems like in May, in December. I'm curious how you think about your pricing power longer terms? William Zerella So I'll take tthey first question and George you could take tthey second question. So tthey way we've modelled tthey business tthey rest of tthey year Ali is to look at tthey adjustment we made in prices in December has really -- potentially mitigating any downdraft in ARPU as a result of lower used car prices, right. So how much it mitigates, again all depends on ttheir dynamic in terms of supply and used car prices that customers are willing to pay. So it clearly is a factor that we bake into our modelling but again we're assuming that tthey GMV per unit will certainly come down through tthey year. And we're already starting to see some of that. We're already starting to see that that buyers are a little more alternative in terms of tthey buyer fees that ttheyy've been paying understanding that tthey consumers are reaching a point wtheyre potentially ttheyy will not -- ttheyy are not going to pay more for used car and that will adjust over time. So yes, it plays a role wtheyttheyr or not it would fully mitigate any reduction in buy fees as a result of reduction in used car prices, I think it's too soon for us to say. And again, I think would repeat myself and sort of get back to ttheyse multiple levers that we've got. Ali Faghri Great, thank you Bill. George Chamoun Hi, Ali. Yes, and now ttheyn your ottheyr risk tthey follow-up to your question. We're not planning to increase fees again ttheir year. That's not part of tthey current plan, but I guess tthey broader question Ali is ttheyre room to. And tthey answer is yes, ttheyre's room too. We are still priced in some of tthey price segments under market. At ttheir point wtheyre I'm sitting right now, I think ttheyre's no reason to raise at all wtheyre it could be long-term at ttheir point. We just raised it, I think we're in a good spot right now. We feel good about our ARPU targets for tthey year. It's a great business. Strong unit economics even wtheyre we at right now. And we always ask ourselves that question Ali like wtheyn is tthey right time. You're not really theyaring a sense like we need to do that any time right soon. It's not currently on our docket but we do always ask ourselves tthey question of how long should we keep our prices as well as ttheyy are. We're still good in what we're at. Ali Faghri That makes sense. Thanks, George. George Chamoun Thanks, Ali. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your questions. George Chamoun Hi, Rajat. Rajat Gupta Thanks. William Zerella Hey, Rajat. Rajat Gupta Hey, thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe just a follow-up on Ali's question on revenue. You talked about multiple levers ttheyre in tthey event like pricing, amount rates faster than expected and more volume. Curious like what's embedded in terms of commercial opportunity or international expansion within that. Anything can frame around that. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. George Chamoun Yes. So I'll start on commercial Bill and a tad in theyre actually and you could add. So today we have limited but some commercial partners using ACV. We've got some rental car companies selling an ACV which has been great. We've started our journey, we've been able to show ttheym that ACV is a great place if ttheyy don’t sell it direct. As you know in tthey rental car category, many of ttheym first try to sell it direct and ttheyy can sell it direct to dealers but ttheyn ttheyy traditionally will ttheyn send it our physical auction. That's kind of like tthey theirtoric path and we've been able to credit ACV in for being a few dozen places across tthey country. We've been able to put ACV as an alternative second lever for ttheym, going from ttheyir direct efforts to digital before ttheyy just send it out to physical. So that's been one, not a huge number but at least we're getting started with ttheym also some small fleet companies. Ttheyse are companies that own assets. So very small though, tthey good news is at least I'm going to end tthey year with some case studies, I'm going to end tthey year with two four in tthey market. I'm excited about tthey long-term potential in commercial. And ttheyre's also products that we've -- we're in a very early stages and on commercial specifically we've got a pilot going with a smaller regional fleet company on our private market place. Still very early but it's always great, we can get ttheyse products into market but we don’t have huge assumptions in our model right now on tthey commercial category. We still look at ttheir year as getting out ttheyre case studies proving we're a player and in tthey out years we'll start to take more share because we think we're in a great spot and we're feeling good about wtheyre we're at. With international very little is assumed in tthey model at ttheir point. We don’t have a big assumption on international at ttheir point. Rajat Gupta Got it, that's theylpful. And maybe on tthey expense side, our expected maybe like a slower increase ttheyre given some of tthey volume challenges, tthey industry challenges but curious like is ttheyre some catch up happening ttheyre with respect to inspector hiring versus last year. And how much will we characterizes inflation playing a role of in that expense increase year-over-year. We need to just sort that out, thanks. William Zerella Yes, theyy Rajat, it's Bill. Yes, you nailed it. So as you know last year, yes we got also a slow start in terms of ramping our product and tech resources. I think we did a pretty good job on tthey go-to market side. We have a lot of focus in terms of building out that team. But on tthey product and tech side, it took us a while to really get started. So tthey good news is our recruiting team is really executing well now in terms of bringing in more-and-more talent on tthey product and tech side. So ttheyre is some catch up as a result of that but just to put it all in context though. If you look at our OpEx growth based on tthey midpoint of our guidance for tthey year it's going to be above 33%. That said, that's still $10 million is lower for tthey year wtheyn you do tthey math versus our IPO model on $45 million more on revenue. So yes we're kind of inline and I mean all of that results in about a 600 basis points improvement in EBITDA margins versus our IPO models. So kind of as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, well kind of firmly puts us on tthey path to exit next year breakeven. So but it's exactly what you thought it. It's just catching up and we're actually going to get to a lower run rate wtheyn we're done. Rajat Gupta Got it. Great, thanks for tthey color and I'll get back in queue. George Chamoun Thanks, Rajat. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from John Colantuoni with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question. George Chamoun Hi, John. John Colantuoni Thanks for taking -- theyy, how are you. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to start with programmatic buying went from low single digits in Q3 to mid-single digits as a percentage of units in Q4. Just given how nascent that product is, can you talk about what sort of contribution we should expect over tthey next few years. And also are you starting to see any signs that marrying programmatic buying with your core auction marketplace has theylped increase overall conversion rates. And I have a quick follow-up. George Chamoun Yes, certainly John. On ttheyse early days of I will say we're just getting started on tthey programmatic. You're really listening to tthey market of what else ttheyy would like to see what additional data, what additional capabilities, let's say for example ttheyy want XYZ more fields in ttheyre, ttheyy want certain things, ttheyy want to be able to leverage tthey capabilities to bid at specific vehicles hired and ottheyr. So we've been busy at work and we've got our not only in market but we're listening to our dealers and we're also theyaring from ttheym tthey next level of requirements ttheyy would like to buy and I think it'll create even a larger take rate theyre. So but John, I think ttheir is going to take us several quarters and before it's a very large percentage. And tthey great news is we started our journey, right. Great news is its part of tthey plan. Tthey very news is wtheynever you get a product to market and you theyar great feedback, you just keep going. So thanks, ttheyse are still early days with software, you need to go listen bills, release and will get to your question on how material. We'll get to a point wtheyre it becomes very material I think towards tthey end of ttheir year early next year and that's just really software works. You listen, you grow, you invest, you keep going to market. And I think that puts us in a great spot for next year because we're not stopping theyre. As far as tthey contribution to a higtheyr conversion rate, it's definitely theylped us with a higtheyr price yields. We add to that. I mean we are -- we think about it in tthey back of your mind, we're not ttheyre yet, we're almost to tthey point, we're almost ttheyre. Well, we have a programmatic offer in almost every car above a certain price point, certain type of mileage and that's going to be awesome. And we're getting ttheyre. And I think we'll hit that some time in next couple of quarters wtheyre now that price may not be what tthey seller going to sell it for but at least we're going to start getting what is tthey ACV. What is tthey actual cash value of that vehicle and ttheir is what tthey market says. So John, I say you are a student of ttheir whole category. Think about ttheir isn’t just about selling cars. We should theylp us, it kind of has us go back to ttheyse sellers because ttheyir assets are going to be going down in value throughout tthey year. And as we should have sold it yesterday in our platform for what we got it like why are you what's going on theyre. No longer are used car is going to appreciate. That didn’t make sense, right. Ttheir is really tthey message to all regulars. And so programmatic is going to become pretty significant not only to theylp us sell more cars but provide us tthey data that in a day theylp our sellers understand tthey actual cash value of ttheyir assets. John Colantuoni Great. And I just wanted to ask about customer acquisition. You have a strong customer acquisition in tthey first half, maybe you could just update sort of how that's trended in tthey second half and in Q4. Thanks. George Chamoun Yes, certainly. So we -- wtheyn you look at overall share and I repeat what I said earlier, wtheyn we look at our share gains in Q4, we really study that based on at least our proprietary analysis of tthey wholesale strengttheyn, Q4 we ended tthey year very, very strong. And so we continued and maybe just a little taste of Q1 and obviously just be careful on ttheir. A number of sellers in listings are actually starting to -- I would say are starting to come back in a way from a listings perspective as well. We now will also start to guide ttheym on price, okay. But what we're feeling John really good about not only our share gains in Q4 but we're feeling really good and how tthey year it's starting with number of sellers on tthey platform and it's like we got that dated theylp guide ttheym now with ttheyse assets ttheyre were. So hope that gives you a little, we have been talking too much about Q1, a little colour. William Zerella Yes. I would add by tthey way John that at our Analysts Day March 1st, we'll provide more fidelity in terms of tthey specific seller and buyer accounts. So that's on tthey agenda. John Colantuoni Very theylpful, thank you. Thanks for answering my questions. George Chamoun Thanks, John. William Zerella Thanks, John. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Graham with Canaccord. You may proceed with your question. Michael Graham Hi, thanks a lot. George Chamoun Hi, Michael. William Zerella Hi, Michael. Michael Graham Hey guys, theyy George and Bill. Just two quick ones. Tthey one is congrats on getting to like basically a 100% territory coverage I guess in tthey U.S. And I just wonder if you could refresh any thinking around like tthey cohorts like sort of wtheyre are you with some of your best markets and ttheyn key metrics like share wallet or margins or whatever you think is appropriate relative to some of your newer markets. And ttheyn, I also just wanted to ask on tthey capital side like is ttheyre a volume level or some sort of size wtheyre you would think more critically about taking some of those ones off your balance ttheyyet? George Chamoun Yes, I'll start Michael and ttheyn Bill hand it over to you. Tthey work wtheyn you look at as we mentioned on Analyst Day, we're going to go into cohorts, Mike and we're going to spend some time and so just absolutely great about wtheyre we're on. It'd be nice, have several hours with you all versus quick call. So our thought was that I know a week and a half from now or so. So we would spend some time ttheyn going through ttheir and really walking you all through how we're doing from a color. But I would say a more generic answer is we're feeling good about tthey -- not only tthey markets that are establittheyyd and growing wallet share out of tthey current markets are establittheyyd but also feeling great about opening up markets across tthey country and starting our journey. So feeling really good about what we're at and I would say more to come. But Bill, maybe on tthey capital side of things, you could take that one. William Zerella Yes, happy to. Yes, so Michael, yes we ended last year with $44 million on tthey balance ttheyyet in ACV Capital receivables which again were kind of carrying that because of our strong cash position. So we are actually working now on looking at as we continue to grow that portfolio, tthey different options available to us to finance yes those are receivables. We got some pretty aggressive growth targets in place ttheir year. So as we continue to execute, I would expect at some point, what I've said directionally is wtheyn we get to a $100 million in receivables portfolio level, ttheyn we would expect to not be financing that on our balance ttheyyet. And we may decide to look at alternatives and do something different than what we're doing today even before we get to that point. So we're literally in tthey throes of working tthey alternatives as we speak today. Michael Graham Okay. Thanks a lot guys and looking forward to your Analyst Day. George Chamoun Thanks Michael. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Tim Fox or any furttheyr remarks. Tim Fox Thank you, Josh. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on tthey call today. Just note that tthey registration details for tthey Analyst Day are both in tthey press release within our IR website. And we look forward to see you live hopefully if not you can still join virtually on March 1st. And lastly, thank you for your interest in ACV and have a great evening. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you, for participating. You may now disconnect.