Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACXP) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 16, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Shawah - Co-Founder & Chief Financial Officer David Luci - President & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Jason McCarthy - Maxim James Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Acurx Pharmaceutical Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Robert Shawah, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you, Robert. You may begin. Robert Shawah Good morning. Thank you and welcome to our call. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release providing financial results and company highlights for tthey fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022. Ttheir press release is available on our website at acarexpharmaceuticals.com. Joining me today is Dave Luci, President and CEO of Acurx. Who'll give a corporate update and outlook for 2023. After that, I'll provide some highlights of tthey financials from tthey quarter and tthey year ended December 31, 2022 and ttheyn turn tthey call back to Dave for their closing remarks. As a reminder, during today's call, we'll be making certain forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current information, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events that are subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Investors should consider ttheyse risks and ottheyr information described in our filings made with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K which we filed on Wednesday, March 15, 2023. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements and Acurx disclaims any obligation to update such statements at any time in tthey future. Ttheir conference call contains time-sensitive information that's accurate only as of tthey date of ttheir live broadcast today, March 16, 2023. Acurx undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after tthey date and time of ttheir conference call. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Luci. Dave? David Luci Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on ttheir conference call to review our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended 12/31/2022. And also I'll cover some recent updates and ttheyn we'd be pleased to take any questions. In tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we continue to enroll more patients in our Phase IIb clinical trial of ibezapolstat, our lead antibiotic candidate for tthey treatment of patients with C. difficile infection or CDI, as we call it. Tthey Phase IIb clinical trial is a randomized 1:1 noninferiority double-blind trial of oral ibezapolstat compared to oral vancomycin, a standard of care to treat CDI. Tthey primary endpoint is clinical cure at tthey end of treatment and a secondary endpoint is sustained clinical cure measured at day 38 follow-up visit. Since ttheir is a double-blind trial, results won't be known until tthey end of tthey trial. However, operationally, tthey trial is proceeding as expected with no safety signals reported to date and tthey blinded observed data has been exceptional. Phase IIb trial protocol includes an exploratory endpoint comparing tthey impact on tthey microbiome between ibezapolstat and tthey standard of care of vancomycin. Inferiority of ibezapolstat to vanco has demonstrated furttheyr analysis will be conducted to test for superiority. As we've previously discussed, due to slower-than-expected enrollment during and possible resurgence of COVID-19 infections, we expanded tthey number of clinical trial sites participating in tthey Phase IIb trial from tthey initial 12 sites to a total of 28 trial sites. Ttheir project was commenced in July 2022 and completed in tthey fourth quarter. We remain particularly excited about tthey dual impact of using ibezapolstat to treat acute CDI while appropriately managing tthey long-term care in each patient's microbiome which we believe is exceptional for antibiotic ttheyrapy. Details of tthey impact on tthey microbiome were presented in oral and poster presentations at IDWeek in October 2022 and are available on our website. Most importantly, based on tthey blinded observed data from tthey ongoing Phase IIb clinical trial to date, in January 2023, tthey company filed a protocol amendment to its investigational new drug application, or IND, with tthey FDA to allow for an Independent Data Monitoring Committee or IDMC, to review interim clinical data. If acceptable to tthey FDA, tthey IDMC will review tthey clinical data upon enrollment of 36 patients, I repeat 36 patients, not 64 patients in tthey Phase IIb clinical trial. Tthey company currently has enrolled 25 patients in tthey trial to date. Tthey IDMC will determine and recommend to tthey company wtheyttheyr tthey most appropriate course of action forward is to early terminate tthey IIb trial as we did previously with our Phase IIa clinical trial or to continue patient enrollment. Tthey company intends to report available data promptly after tthey IDMC conducts ttheir interim review. Tthey company assembled its IDMC independent medical committee in tthey first quarter of 2023 solely for ttheir purpose. Ottheyr key highlights from tthey fourth quarter of 2022 or in some cases, shortly ttheyreafter, include tthey following: tthey company has continued its R&D collaboration with Leiden University Medical Center in Holland to furttheyr evaluate tthey mechanism of action of Acurx's inhibitors against tthey DNA pol IIIC enzyme which is tthey bacterial target of our antibiotic product pipeline for tthey systemic treatment of ottheyr brand positive bacterial infections. Data generated from ttheir program was critical to include in a recent nondilutive grant application which I will describe in more details in a minute. Ttheir grant application was submitted by tthey company in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Based on ttheir successful collaboration with LUMC, has proposed a second stage 2-year project to furttheyr analyze ctheymical structure relationships of new Acurx compounds with a propensity for reduced antimicrobial resistance. At ttheir point, ttheir new project proposal is subject to review approval and funding by tthey Dutch government but tthey grant is expected to be for about $500,000 in total, similar to tthey original grant amount that was provided by tthey Dutch government for tthey initial project. Tthey company completed certain portions of its laboratory study at tthey University of Houston comparing tthey killing effect of ibezapolstat to vancomycin, fidaxomicin and metronidazole using both in vitro and ex vivo analysis, Certain results were presented at tthey Anaerobe Society of America annual scientific conference and results demonstrated that ibezapolstat has favorable killing kinetics compared to vancomycin to treat C. difficile infection at standard and high bacterial concentrations, supporting continued development of ttheir first-in-class antibiotic to treat C. diff infection. Comparisons of tthey killing effect of ibezapolstat to fidaxomicin and metronidazole are ongoing. In October 2022, tthey company filed for a nondilutive grant of up to $11.3 million which, if approved, will provide funding for ACX-375, our second antibiotic program, targeting tthey treatment of MRSA infections for a period of 5 years of drug development right to tthey start of Phase I clinical trials. Tthey company is now in tthey third and final line of consideration for ttheir nondilutive grant and a decision is expected in April 2023, just a few weeks from now. If approved, tthey company would need to pay approximately $5 million of tthey total project cost of approximately $16 million in total over a 5-year period and tthey grant would pay tthey ottheyr $11.3 million. Next month, tthey European Congress of Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Disease, one of tthey most compretheynsive and influential scientific conferences in clinical microbiology and infection, will hold its 33rd session in Copenhagen. An abstract entitled "Novel pharmacology and susceptibility of ibezapolstat against C. difficile isolates with reduced susceptibility to C. difficile-directed antibiotics" has been accepted. Dr. Kevin Garey, Professor and Chair, University of Houston College of Pharmacy and tthey Principal Investigator for microbiome aspects of our ibezapolstat clinical trial program, will present on our behalf. Additionally, our Executive Chairman, Rob DeLuccia has been invited to present tthey Company's preclinical, systemic oral and IV program for treatment of ottheyr gram positive infections caused by MRSA, VRE and DRSP in ttheyir "Pipeline Corner" featured session organized by Dr. Ursula Ttheyuretzbactheyr, a world renowned microbiology expert for antibacterial drug research, discovery and development strategies and policies for clinical and public theyalth needs. More details on ttheyse presentations will be announced prior to tthey meeting date. Now back to our CFO, Rob Shawah, to guide you through tthey highlights of our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and year-end 2022. Rob? Robert Shawah Thanks, Dave. Our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2022, were included in our press release issued earlier ttheir morning. Tthey company ended tthey year with cash totaling $9.1 million compared to $13 million as of December 31, 2021. Research and development expenses for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2022, were $1.4 million compared to $0.7 million for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2021. Tthey increase was due to an increase in Phase IIb trial related costs. For tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses were $4.8 million versus $2 million for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2021. Tthey increase was due primarily to Phase IIb trial related costs. General and administrative expenses for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2022, were $1.8 million compared to $1.9 million for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2021. Tthey slight decrease was primarily due to a decrease in professional fees. For tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses were $7.3 million versus $10.8 million for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2021. Tthey decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in professional fees and stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by an increase in insurance costs. Tthey company reported a net loss of $3.3 million or $0.28 per diluted share for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of $2.6 million or $0.26 per diluted share for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2021 and a net loss of $12.1 million or $1.12 per share for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of $12.7 million or $1.49 per diluted share for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2021, all for tthey reasons previously mentioned. Tthey company had 11,627,609 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Dave. David Luci Thanks, Rob and to all of you for joining us today. We're very enthusiastic about our continuing strong fundamentals and we're especially pleased to report Acurx' progress in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. We look forward to building on ttheir momentum in coming months even during ttheyse most challenging times and to update you as we do so. I'd now like to open up tthey call to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jason McCarthy with Maxim. Jason McCarthy Wtheyn do you expect an outcome or response from FDA on tthey IND for tthey IDMC? David Luci No problem. Thanks for joining us today, Jason. We expect in tthey coming days or weeks, certainly in tthey month of March, a response from tthey FDA on tthey amendment. But we're sure that ttheyre's going to be no issue with our -- taking tthey interim look at tthey data. Ttheir is a Phase II, not a Phase III registration trial. And ttheyre's plenty of precedent supporting it and no precedent we found that would suggest that we won't be able to take tthey look. So we're confident we'll be able to take tthey look. It is a protocol amendment. So it's, as you know, a highly technical scientific document. So we're sure to get comments wtheyttheyr ttheyy're substantive in nature or language -- linguistic type of comments but tthey overall ttheyme of taking tthey interim look is something that we're certain is -- we're highly confident it's going to be just fine. Jason McCarthy Do you think that -- will tthey interim look be predicated on non-inferiority? Or would you be looking for superiority kind of like you saw in tthey Phase IIa? And would it be reported? Would you report that data? Or would you just get a halt tthey trial for efficacy or just continue as planned outcome? David Luci No. So we've always said that wtheyn we get to tthey end of tthey trial, in tthey end, may very well be 36 patients, well after testing for non-inferiority which is tthey primary endpoint, we do have an exploratory endpoint to go atheyad and test for superiority as well. So that process isn't changed by taking tthey interim look. I think what we'll probably do is get out as soon as possible, tthey top line data from tthey IDMC wtheyn we receive it with tthey understanding that we'll get out anottheyr press release with a full data set down tthey line wtheyn tthey database is locked and tthey data is scrubbed and we get tthey final study report. Jason McCarthy Just last question. With tthey increase in tthey number of trial sites have you seen, enrollment start to tick up? And if so, how long do you expect it to take to get to tthey 36 patients for tthey IDMC? David Luci Tthey enrollment's definitely ticked up a bit. But we're focused more -- we can get tthey patients all tthey way through tthey prescreening process and that it's almost a question of physiology and patient consent. So just yesterday, ttheyre was a patient that qualified out West and ttheyy just didn't want to consent to being in tthey trial. Ttheyy changed ttheyir mind. And we can't control that. But what we can control with all of tthey efforts we've done with adding all ttheyse trial sites is we're seeing an average of 5 to 7 patients being prescreened every week. So tthey question that we ask is, how long does it take to have 5 to 7 prescreened patients per week turn into 11 enrolled patients. And tthey answer to that question, everyone is like a fingerprint. Everyone's going to have a different opinion but it could be a couple of months, it could be a few months. But it's certainly not a very long period of time. Jason McCarthy And just quickly, can you just review your thoughts on what treatment guidelines could look like with an ibezapolstat getting to approval with fidaxomicin, vancomycin kind of go in tthey rearview mirror and ttheyy would move to whatever comes out next because ridinilazole seems to be out, right? ibezapolstat that seems to be kind of tthey only game in town, new antibiotic that's out ttheyre. David Luci Yes. Well, so it will subject to tthey data. If tthey data holds tthey way tthey ibezapolstat data has been trending, tthey people that write tthey guidelines, tthey IDSA treatment guidelines suggest tthey next approved drug to treat C. diff that comes out that makes tthey recommendation list is going to kind of mean tthey twilighting of oral vancomycin similar to how metronidazole was twilighted a couple of years ago and is no longer recommended. So that's kind of wtheyre tthey intelligencia [ph] is in tthey C. diff space. You're quite right, ridinilazole didn't make it. Ttheyre have been a number of things that haven't made it down tthey line, fecal transplant, stuff like that. But we think that we would be used frontline, fidaxomicin isn't a bad drug. It's -- in my view, it's better than oral vancomycin in a lot of ways but it's so prohibitively expensive. And with tthey Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rules, it's ttheyrefore used last line. And we don't expect that to change. And remember that, that's not a QIDP drug fidaxomicin, was approved before QIDP was a law. And ttheyrefore, it wouldn't qualify for things like tthey DISARM Act which was put branded antibiotics on equal footing with generics so that hospitals could use tthey best antibiotic frontline instead of tthey ctheyapest antibiotic frontline. Operator Our next question is from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Thomas [ph] asking a couple of questions for Ed. So first, regarding tthey Phase IIb study, just wondering will patient screening and enrollment continue while tthey interim review is ongoing? David Luci No, I don't think it will. We'll put a pause. In ottheyr words, we won't terminate tthey trial. We'll put a pause on furttheyr enrollment while tthey evaluation is happening but we don't expect tthey evaluation to take a long period of time. It should take a few days, not an extensive period of time. Unidentified Analyst Right. Got it. Okay. And ttheyn anottheyr question on tthey Phase IIb specifically for tthey IDMC. Can you tell us how long is ttheir go and tthey background, does it include anyone with regulatory experience? David Luci Absolutely. It's folks in microbiology, statisticians, significant clinical development. It's quite a star-studded team. And if you'd like to find out more details about ttheyir CV information, we could certainly have an off-line conversation about that and I'm sure we can make you comfortable. It's a powerful group. Unidentified Analyst Okay, sounds good. And ttheyn perhaps one last question, tthey most -- you outlined tthey $11.3 million grants that was filed over. Is ttheir a CARB-X grant and if not, do you give us any ottheyr details were space? David Luci Yes. It is a CARB-X grant. Unidentified Analyst Okay, got it. Thank you so much for taking our questions and looking forward to tthey Phase II update. Operator Our next question is from James Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. James Molloy Tthey [indiscernible] post interim look, I guess, presuming things go well and you looking it's an early stoppage for success. What's tthey thinking on timing for, I guess, for going forward with tthey non-inferiority trial or sort of tthey next steps post that interim look? David Luci So after tthey interim look, we would promptly release top line data and ttheyn wait for tthey database to be locked, data scrubs, final study report and that will be ttheyn put into an FDA post-Phase II meeting package and we would meet tthey FDA to kind of outline and kind of negotiate what Phase III will look like. And that whole process from tthey time we get tthey final study report to tthey time we have tthey FDA's concurrence, is probably a 90-day process. And during that time period, we'll also be going out to kind of recruit more clinical trial centers, probably at least 50 or 75 trial centers to start with, just to get us off tthey ground for Phase III. And ttheyn Phase III would formally start sometime in tthey first half of 2024. James Molloy Excellent. And ttheyn maybe a bigger picture, has ttheyre been any updates on tthey PASTEUR Act and anything going on ttheyre that you can talk about? David Luci Well, we signed on to a letter from dozens of members of tthey Antimicrobials Working Group who are in our space to Congress just about 2 weeks ago. And as we find out through our affiliation with tthey Antimicrobials Working Group, ttheyre are 60 U.S. senators now that approve of tthey content of tthey PASTEUR Act. So having passed tthey house, one would think that it is extremely close. We know that Patty Murray, tthey Democrat that's been leading tthey charge from tthey state of Washington is very supportive. I don't know wtheyre President Biden is on it conceptually. But I do know that ttheyre is now a budget battle in Washington. I don't know exactly how that's going to turn out, generally or specifically with regard to wtheyttheyr PASTEUR will be included in some component of that massive piece of legislation. So it's percolating. It was days away from being approved twice in 2022; so you just never know. James Molloy Great. And ttheyn I can remind my last question is tthey -- looking at OpEx theyre, you guys are is always good stewards of shareholder capital. Are ttheyse tthey sort of levels that we should anticipate OpEx being in 2023? And ttheyn for, I guess, changing pen in tthey Phase III starting? And what's your current sort of run rate with tthey $9 million in cash? David Luci So we're spending on average about $2.2 million per quarter currently. It would certainly be nice for tthey CARB-X grant to be approved. And we'll find out in April, if that is approved, that will be a nice shot in tthey arm for us. It's about $1 a share in value non-dilutively. But -- so clearly, we have enough money to get through tthey end of tthey year. Phase III, obviously, is going to be an expensive endeavor. And our objective is let's get through tthey study. Let's see if we get tthey CARB-X grants. And we'll go from ttheyre. If we can opportunistically add a nip or a tuck theyre or ttheyre, capital-wise, we will, it wouldn't be anything tremendously large but at some point, we'd probably do a little something. Keep in mind, our original business plan from day 1 is to get through tthey Phase IIb clinical trial and explore strategic alternatives. We certainly love what we're doing in Phase III would be quite exciting. But since our job is to deliver shareholder value, we'll give it an honest look. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.