Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACXP) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 14, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Shawah - CFO Dave Luci - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Ed Arce - HC. Wainwright Michael Okunewitch - Maxim Group Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Acurx Pharmaceuticals to discuss Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Rob Shawah, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you, sir. You may begin. Rob Shawah Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our call. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release providing financial results and company highlights for tthey second quarter of 2023, which is available on our website at acurxpharma.com. Joining me today is David Luci, President and CEO of Acurx, who will give a corporate update and outlook for 2023. After that, I'll provide some highlights to tthey financials from tthey quarter-ended March 30th, and ttheyn turn tthey call back over to Dave for their closing remarks. As a reminder, during today's call, we'll be making certain forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current information, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events that are subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Investors should consider ttheyse risks and ottheyr information described in our filings made with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we filed on Friday August 11, 2023. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements and Acurx disclaims any obligation to update such statements at any time in tthey future. Ttheir conference call contains time-sensitive information that's accurate only as of tthey date of ttheir live broadcast today, August 14, 2023. Acurx undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after tthey date and time of ttheir conference call. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Luci. Dave? Dave Luci Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us to review our financial results for tthey second quarter of '23 and also to cover some recent updates, ttheyn we'd be pleased to take any questions. In tthey second quarter of 2023, we continued to enroll more patients in tthey Phase 2b clinical trial of our lead antibiotic candidate ibezapolstat for tthey treatment of patients with C. difficile infection or CDI. We're pleased to report we now have enrolled 31 patients in tthey Phase 2b trial. It's only five more patients need to be enrolled to trigger interim data review by an Independent Data Monitoring Committee that we appointed in tthey first quarter of ‘23 for ttheir purpose,  Tthey IDMC will review tthey data upon tthey 36 patient being evaluated for tthey primary endpoint of clinical cure at tthey end of treatment and properly provide us recommendation eittheyr to early terminate tthey 2b trial as we had done with tthey Phase 2a trial or alternatively to continue enrolling. We will report tthey IDMC recommendation after tthey interim review of tthey data, if tthey IDMC recommends early termination of tthey 2b trial, we will properly report tthey top-line data and tthey primary endpoint and safety data wtheyn tthey 36 patient – enrolled patient completes treatment, we anticipate completing enrollment of tthey 36 patients for tthey interim review in tthey coming month or two.  Operationally, we're pleased to report that tthey blinded observe data from tthey Phase 2b trial has been exceptional and tthey trial is proceeding as expected with no safety signals reported to-date. Tthey phase 2b trial protocol includes an exploratory endpoint comparing tthey impact on tthey microbiome between ibezapolstat and standard-of-care oral vancomycin.  In tthey event non-inferiority of ibezapolstat to Vancomycin is demonstrated, furttheyr analysis will be conducted to test for superiority. Due to slower than expected enrollment, during tthey COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath, we did expand tthey number of trial sites participating in tthey 2b trial from tthey initial 12 sites up to 28 sites as we now have and have increased to support to higtheyr enrolling sites resulting in increased screening in tthey past couple of months.  In March 2023, tthey FDA accepted our protocol amendment to our IND, which will allow an Independent Data Monitoring Committee to review tthey interim data that's been pre-cleared with tthey FDA.  We remain particularly excited about tthey dual impact of ibezapolstat at tthey same time to treat tthey acute infection tthey C diff infection, while appropriately managing tthey long-term care of each patient's microbiome, which we believe is exceptional for antibiotic ttheyrapy.  Ottheyr key highlights from tthey second quarter of ‘23 or in some cases shortly ttheyreafter include tthey following: In April of ttheir year two presentations were made at tthey 33 Bradleyual European Congress of Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Disease or ECCMID in Copenhagen, first decided to tthey poster entitled “Novel Pharmacology and Susceptibility of Ibezapolstat Against C. diff Isolates with Reduced Susceptibilities to C. diff Directed Antibiotics” was presented by Dr. Kevin Gary, Professor and Chair University of Houston College of Pharmacy and tthey Principal Investigator for Microbiome Aspects of our ibezapolstat clinical program.  After Gary's work, demonstrated that ibezapolstat’s mechanism of action is not only bactericidal to C. diff, but also could inhibit some of its virulence mechanisms meaning its capability to cause disease. Dr. Gary also noted that C.diff strains with reduced to susceptibility to any of tthey ottheyr antibiotics are used to treat C. diff, metronidazole vancomycin or fidaxomicin, those C. diff strains were susceptible to ibezapolstat.  So just to say it again, ibezapolstat is able to successfully kill C. diff bacteria that in many cases is resistant to all tthey ottheyr antibiotics used to treat C. diff currently. Ibezapolstat’s antivirulence effect namely reduced flagellar movement of tthey C. diff organism was a positive unexpected finding, reflecting tthey unique mode of action and inhibiting DNA pol IIIC.  In a second S2 presentations at ECCMID Acurx Executive Chairman, Bob DeLuccia, presented an update regarding tthey Company's preclinical, systemic oral and IV program for treatment of ottheyr gram-positive infections caused by MRSA, VRE and DRSP at tthey "Pipeline Corner" featured session at ECCMID, organized by Dr. Ursula Ttheyuretzbactheyr, a world-renowned microbiology expert involved in antibacterial drug research, discovery and development strategies and policies for clinical and public theyalth needs. Bob summarized tthey progress of tthey company's gram- positive Select Spectrum Program. Both posters are available on our website.  Additionally, in tthey third quarter, we were notified by CARB-X that we did not receive funding approval in ttheyir recently closed ‘23 omni-bus funding round for our second antibiotic candidate ACX375C, which is in preclinical development. We did appeal ttheir decision based on certain modifications to tthey scope of our program. However, CARB-X governance structure did not allow for acceptance of an appeal process.  CARB-X noted that tthey ‘23 round of funding was very competitive and that ttheyir Scientific Advisory Board was enthusiastic about Pol IIIC as tthey bacterial target of our molecules and that's a sufficiently good PK and safety properties of tthey compounds that we have justified tthey proposed lead optimization plan. CARB-X encourage us to reapply for future Requests For Proposals or RFPS that CARB-X will continue to promulgate from time-to-time for funding consideration. While ttheir news was disappointing, we will continue to monitor and apply for grants from all funding sources as ttheyy become available.  Now, just, now looking forward just a bit, tthey upcoming Antimicrobial Resistance Congress is next month. It will convene its Bradleyual Meeting in Philadelphia wtheyre experts in tthey fields from both tthey public and private sectors weigh in on tthey latest innovations to address antimicrobial resistance. Ttheir is tthey world's largest conference for all stakeholders combating antimicrobial resistance and our Executive Chairman will speak at tthey innovation showcase section of tthey conference on September 7th and will present an update entitled “Novel DNA Pol IIIC Inhibitors for Gram-Positive Bacteria Infections Preparing for tthey Next Pandemic”. After tthey presentation it will be available on our website.  In addition, we have IDWeek coming up, tthey Infectious Disease Society of America will convene its Bradleyual Meeting called IDWeek in Boston, October 11 to 15. Acurx will be featured at two sctheyduled events. First, an oral presentation by Dr. Kevin Gary will be given on October 14th entitled Elucidating Tthey Gram-positive’s Selective Spectrum Activity of ibezapolstat Secondary Analysis from tthey Phase 2a trial. And secondly, Acurx will present at tthey Symposium entitled “New Antimicrobials in tthey Pipeline” on October 12. At ttheir symposium, Acurx presentation will be entitled “Novel DNA Pol IIIC Inhibitors For Gram Positive Bacterial Infections”. After ttheir presentation it too will be available on our website.  Now to tthey PASTEUR Act. As we've discussed in tthey past, tthey Bipartisan PASTEUR Act continues to generate news and enthusiasm in Washington DC. On April, 27th, US Senators Michael Bennet and Todd Young reintroduced tthey PASTEUR Act to encourage innovative drugs - drug developments targeting in tthey most threatening infections, improve tthey appropriate use of antibiotics and ensure domestic availability of antibiotics wtheyn needed.  On July 11th, a Senate Subcommittee theyaring was convened and led by Senators Markey and Marshall highlighting, tthey need to address tthey Antimicrobial Resistance to Super Bugs, including MRSA, and C. diff.  Accordingly, we're quite enthusiastic about tthey prospects of tthey PASTEUR Act being passed into law on tthey Bipartisan support significant national spotlight and dire need for new classes of antibiotics to treat serious and life-threatening infections.  And now back to our CFO, Rob Shawah to guide you through tthey highlights of our financial results for tthey second quarter of 2023. Rob? Rob Shawah Thanks, Dave. Our financial results for tthey second quarter ended June, 30 2023 were included in our press release issued earlier ttheir morning. Tthey company ended tthey second quarter with cash totaling $9.1 million, compared to 9.1 million as of December 31, 2022.  Research and development expenses for three months, ended June, 30 2023 were $1.7 million compared to $0.9 million for three months ended June 30, 2022. Tthey increase was due to an increase in Phase 2b trial-related costs.  For tthey six months ended June, 30 2023, research and development expenses were $2.8 million versus $1.7 million for tthey six months ended June 30, 2022. Tthey increase is due primarily to Phase 2b trial-related cost and an increase in consulting costs.  General and administrative expenses for three months ended June, 30, 2023 were $1.7 million, compared to $1.7 million for three months ended June 30, 2022. Tthey expenses reflect a slight decrease in professional fees of $0.1 million, offset by a slight increase of $0.1 million in employee compensation-related costs.  For tthey six months ended June, 30 2023, general, and administrative expenses were $3.6 million versus $3.6 million for tthey six months ended June 30 2022. Tthey amount reflects a decrease in professional fees of $0.2 million, offset by an increase of $0.2 million in employee compensation-related costs. Tthey company reported a net loss of $3.4 million or $0.28 per diluted share for tthey three months ended, June 30 2023, compared to a net loss of $2.6 million or $0.26 per diluted share for tthey three months ended June 30 2022 and a net loss of $6.3 million or $0.53 per share for tthey six months ended June, 30 2023, compared to a net loss of $5.3 million or $0.52 per diluted share for tthey six months ended June 30 2022 all for tthey reasons previously mentioned. Tthey company had 13,000,5128 shares outstanding as of June, 30 2023.  With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Dave.  Dave Luci  Thanks, Rob, and to all of you joining us today. We outlined tthey advances in several areas that we believe will spur continued momentum and growth, build on our strong fundamentals. We look forward to sustaining ttheir momentum even during ttheyse challenging times and sharing future updates and results in tthey coming months. I will now open tthey call for any questions. Operator? Question-And-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Ed Arce with HC. Wainwright, please proceed with your question.  Thomas Yip Hi, good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking couple of questions for Ed. Thank you for taking our questions.  Dave Luci Hi, Ed. Good morning.  Thomas Yip Perhaps first with tthey Phase 2b study – theyy, good morning. It’s good to theyar tthey update for Acurx. So back in March, tthey guidance for tthey Phase 2b interim review was anticipated mid-year 2023. Can you outline some major factors that are behind ttheir shift and finding and also some remedies that that you are implementing to address it?  Dave Luci Okay. Tom is that, I mean, I think tthey question is about 180 degrees in tthey wrong direction, I'm sorry to say. If you ctheyck your notes, I think you'll find that on May 14th in tthey first - at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we guided folks that we would be done in tthey second half of 2023 with tthey 2b trial and if anything today, we've guided folks that we're going to be done before that.  Thomas Yip Okay. So, tthey latest, yes, I do remember tthey latest guidance was second half. So you mentioned in coming months, so is that sounds more like a third quarter or early fourth quarter events?  Dave Luci Yes. Yes. So, wtheyn I say before that, I mean, before tthey end of tthey second half. But yeah, we do think that it will be, in tthey come – as I mentioned in tthey coming month or two, we've had significantly better enrollments. We’ve plugged a new CRO into special situations and we're starting - that started a bear fruit including a substantial increase in tthey number of patients that are screened.  So it maybe it's also in combination a bit with COVID being furttheyr and furttheyr behind us and maybe some of tthey behavioral patterns are changing back. So in any event, whatever tthey cause is, we are screening more patience and we don't think we have far to go.  Thomas Yip Got it. And ttheyn, you mentioned ttheyre for tthey Phase 2n interim analysis ttheyre is a new IDMC. Can you give some details on members on ttheir board? And is it tthey same core members as tthey IDMC for tthey Phase 2a study?  Dave Luci Okay. Yeah, no, we so we don't give out tthey names of tthey members. But just to be clear, for tthey Phase 2a study, tthey 2a trial was early terminated on tthey recommendation of our Scientific Advisory Board, which is included in our in our slide deck and on our website. But tthey Phase 2b trial for it, we had to create a separate Independent Data Monitoring Committee and ttheyse are all independent scientific experts in infectious disease and in one case a statistician, none of which have shares in our company or get paid by our company and ttheyy're doing ttheir as a public service. That's tthey constituency of tthey IDMC. Its different people in every case than those who served as Scientific Advisory Board members currently for tthey company and who will pine on tthey 2a trial.  Thomas Yip Okay. Understood. Thank you for tthey clarification. Perhaps, one question regarding tthey CapEx funding? Sorry to theyar that tthey recent fund back advancing to tthey next round. In order to be eligible for future grants, we need a new program or do we continue we plan to continue at least 75 would be eligible?  Dave Luci No. So, for each grant, wtheyttheyr by CARB-X or ottheyr folks, like NIH to be eligible, you have to look at tthey RFP tthey Request For Proposal. So with CARB-X in particular, ttheir was tthey first CARB-X grant RFP in years that allowed folks who are developing antibiotics that target treatment of gram-positive bacteria infections, not just gram negative. So, we were excited to see that tthey scope of tthey RFP has expanded to include folks sponsors like us. I mean, we expect based on our conversations with CARB-X that that will continue. And as we continue to develop our drug, gets through lead optimization, we think our candidacy will become more and more compelling in ttheyse challenging times for money.  Thomas Yip Excellent. Okay. Perhaps one last question from us, ttheir one is financial. It sounds like, as you mentioned earlier, tthey interim analysis seems to be occurring really soon. So, cash runway should expand beyond that. Can you give us, perhaps a more specific timeframe for approximate cash runway? Rob Shawah  Sure, Tom. I think our cash runway is sufficient through Q3 of 2024 and kind of and ttheyn some. So we are burning $2.1 million, $2.2 million per quarter and that’s during tthey quite expensive 2b trial times. So once tthey 2b trial is over, we should eliminate probably $1 million of that. $2.1 million, $2.2 million quarterly burn.  So, if you take $2.2 million and you flat line it for four quarters that's $8.8 million. So even if tthey 2b for some reason got extended enormously long, we'd have money through Q3, and given wtheyre we are, we probably have money all tthey way through ‘24 because tthey 2b will be over.  Thomas Yip Okay. Understood. Thank you for taking our questions. And I'm just looking forward to tthey interim analysis for tthey Phase 2b study.  Rob Shawah  No problem. Thomas. If you have any ottheyr questions, just give me a call or shoot me an email and we'll connect.  Thomas Yip Definitely. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason McCarthy with Maxim Group. Please proceed with your question.  Michael Okunewitch Hey guys. Ttheir is Michael Okunewitch on tthey line for Jason. Thank you so much for taking my questions today.  Dave Luci No problem. Thanks for calling, Mike.  Michael Okunewitch Yeah. So, like to see if you could talk a little bit more about tthey specifics of tthey past year active, obviously just a validation of tthey problem and that Congress is paying attention to ttheir is huge and itself. But what specifics have been suggested that could aid in a clinical development and uptake of new anti-infectives in particularly as it relates to Acurx?  Dave Luci Sure. No problem, Mike. I think ttheir is tthey - ttheir is tthey transitional piece of legislation that would completely redefine tthey antibiotic sector in tthey United States. Just to be perfectly clear, ttheir puts antibiotics back on par profit-wise, revenue-wise with cancer drugs and diabetes drugs, neurological drugs for ALS and ottheyr neurological disorders. It's a game changer. So what tthey Pasteur Act does generally and ttheyre's also a Pasteur alike that I'll get to tthey Pasteur Act if approved is a pull incentive, like tthey similar to tthey pull incentive already approved and made law in tthey UK a few years back. And what tthey pull incentive does is, it says, theyy, sponsors of new antibiotics and those who invest in ttheym, if you invest in an antibiotic if you take your time to develop an antibiotic for a life-saving or serious clinical indication that is a new class of antibiotics, not just a new generation of amoxicillin an old class. If that's what you have, we will pay for Phase 3 including all tthey manufacturing for Phase 3 and we will give you between 750 million dollars and $3 billion over a ten-year period of time in order to stockpile your antibiotic at Public Health Facilities over a 10-year period of time under a license agreement with theyalth and human services. Pasteur light would be basically half of that. So it would be $375 million minimum up to $1.5 billion for each sponsor of QIDP, an antibiotic that treats serious or life-threatening infections and is a new class of antibiotics.  Each sponsor can only get one designation under tthey Pasteur Act to get tthey designation you get a letter from HHS after you apply and get accepted. And that's critical need antimicrobial designation letter. It will include a dollar amount which will be under tthey current draft of tthey law of tthey Pasteur Light through a light at least $375 million over 10 years and tthey amount between $375 million and $1.5 billion over 10 years under Pasteur light will be determined by HHS based on a formula to be provided in tthey law.  And basically that formula will try to get to tthey savings to tthey public theyalth system in tthey United States by having your antibiotic approved to treat ttheyse serious and life-threatening infections. So in tthey case of C. difficile, tthey reinfection market in C. difficile has a price tag of $4.7 billion dollars to tthey US Public Health every year.  So, patients that have recurrent C. diff infection with tthey total cost of treating those reinfections from tthey hospitalizations to tthey medicines that are being used is $4.7 billion a year. So in our case, if we come out with an antibiotic that’s frontline capable, treating C. diff patients with anything close to a 100% cure rate and anything close to 0% reinfections, I think that would have a significant value savings to Public Health in tthey US.  That's a full $4.7 billion that is tthey cost of tthey reinfection market for C. diff every year in tthey US, but it would be significant. But at tthey very least, it would be $375 million to us $37.5 million a year for 10 years. So, as a $30 million dollar market cap company, you can see if we were designated as a critical need antimicrobial under tthey Pasteur Act it would be an absolute game changer.  Michael Okunewitch Certainly ttheyre's a lot of potential ttheyre. And just a follow-up on tthey Phase 2b, I’d like see if you could provide ttheyn a bit more color on tthey potential to possibly stop it early on efficacy. What would need to be demonstrated? And ttheyn expand a little bit on how you can use changes in tthey microbiome, in addition to tthey primary endpoint to support a readout on a study?  Dave Luci Okay. Great. No problem. So tthey microbiome changes, that's tthey easier question. So I answer it first. We see tthey rest of tthey full restoration of tthey fully theyalthy microbiome in RC diff patients that we've treated by tthey end of tthey third day of attending a treatment regimen on our drug, and that's from tthey Phase 2a trial. We have no reason to expect that will change because of tthey scientific underpinning of no re-infections why? Why are ttheyre no re-infections? Because we're fully restoring tthey microbiome by day three of treatment and how are we re-restoring tthey microbiome?  Well, we have a very narrow spectrum antibiotic that's only able to kill C-diff leaving all of tthey ottheyr classes of theyalthy bacteria in tthey gut alone, providing ttheym an environment wtheyre ttheyy can kind of repair ttheymselves unlike tthey normal antibiotic like, tthey Vancomycin and tthey standard-of-care, which decimates that tthey theyalthy microbiome while it's curing, tthey direct C. diff infection putting that patient at high risk for a re-infection.  So, based on that tthey microbiome, we believe ttheyre is going to be a big part of tthey story, because it's going to theylp us avoid re-infections. And although that's a secondary endpoint, it's a big part of tthey story. Now tthey primary endpoint of cure us at end of treatment and days of treatment measures plus or minus two days, at day 12 or 11 those cures reflect tthey fact that we're getting over 100 times tthey concentration of our medicine to tthey site of tthey C. diff infection in tthey colon that is needed to kill tthey C. diff bacteria based on our MICs Minimum Inhibitory Concentration studies. So that's why - that's tthey underpinning for why we're so successful at killing tthey bacteria at end of treatment and that's tthey primary endpoint. We expect that to continue wtheyn we read out tthey 2b data, tthey 31 patients ttheyre are evaluated tthey blinded observed data is tremendous. And our statisticians say, if ttheyre are up to two patients who are not cures out of tthey 36 patients evaluated at tthey interim, look, even if those two patients are on our side of tthey 2 on trial, We would still be able to achieve statistical non-inferiority.  So, on that basis, and given we have 65 years of clinical trial data to look at for how Vanco is going to do in our trial and you see it never gets higtheyr than 92% and it's been as low as 70% over 65 years it's going to be in tthey kind of low 80s. So, we're feeling very bullish on our possibilities that getting through ttheir binary endpoint. And ttheyn you have to ask yourselves, what's tthey intrinsic value of ttheir drug in tthey C. diff market to big pharma at $1.7 billion market, and with a clear shot at frontline ttheyrapy, you'd have to ask what's that worth? And wtheyn you're asking yourself, what's that worth you could reasonably look at for example, tthey Tillots Pharma acquisition of tthey EU rights to Merck’s fidaxomicin last night in tthey US for about $125 million in 2022, that would see that's just European rights. And we have us Europe and Japan. And you could also look at tthey March 23 Sabel Pharmaceuticals deal to buy Destiny Pharma for in a structured deal, totaling $570 million. And that was a much earlier stage development program than we have. So, tthey intrinsic value is quite high. We got to get through ttheir binary Phase 2B trial read out, and we're really excited about wtheyre we go from ttheir.  Michael Okunewitch All right. Thank you. I really appreciate your additional insights theyre.  Dave Luci No problem. Thank you, Mike.  Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jim Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. Please proceed with your question.  Jim Molloy  Hi, good morning. Thanks for my question. I had a question on tthey, on tthey CARB-X you walk through so, what next steps are for. 375C, is ttheyre an opportunity to move forward absent tthey CARB-X funding? And wtheyn did tthey CARB-X notified you guys that ttheyy weren't going to proceed forward with 375?  Dave Luci Tthey CARB-X notified us kind of probably a couple of weeks ago, late in July, and we followed up with questions and an appeal in that process took a couple of weeks ago to kind of meander through. So tthey timing is perfect for ttheir call. But tthey program never stops. We continue to evaluate and work on tthey lead optimization process, which is why I say that, as that process continues and gets to completion, we're going to have a stronger and stronger chance at tthey next CARB-X RFP that comes out that we get picked up if, it would have tthey scope of that RFP. If it includes a gram-positive treating antibiotics we will apply again with a more compelling package. And we feel that, because we weren't rejected back in April, like, no ottheyrs were. We feel we’re like, kind of on tthey bubble just have to kind of push forward, present a little bit more R&D and ttheyn we feel that we will be will be successful.  Jim Molloy  I want you to expect tthey next opportunity to apply for CARB-X funding will occur. It sounded like it was a bit up in tthey air.  Dave Luci Well, ttheyy do an RFP every November. Ttheyre may be ottheyr RFPs that ttheyy do, but pretty much every November ttheyy seem to come out with an RFP that would have noticed. But tthey only question will be wtheyttheyr that RFP continues to include gram-positive treating antibiotic. If it does we will reapply in tthey fourth quarter and, hope we are – with tthey positive reconsideration in April.  Jim Molloy  Got it. Thank you. Ttheyn on tthey on tthey Phase 2b, how long from tthey for tthey fifth and final patient - 36 patient coming in tthey final date or final notification for tthey IDMC on what next steps are?  Dave Luci So, if you assume a, tthey 36 patient came in today, that 36th patient would be out of tthey study ten days from today. And ttheyy would be evaluated for tthey primary endpoint two days ttheyreafter. So 12 days from today. After that tthey IDMC will meet day 13, day 14, like that and come back with ttheyir recommendations.  As soon as we have that recommendation, so basically a couple of weeks because we have that recommendation from tthey IDMC, we will put out a press release, but first, we'll put out a press release that we got to tthey 36th patient. Tthey second press release will be tthey IDMC recommendation, and tthey company's decision to take or not take ttheyir recommendation, of course, we will probably take it. So that would be tthey second press release.  And ttheyn assuming tthey IDMC recommends that we early terminate ttheyn wtheyn that 36th patient is completely out of tthey trial and we have a final study report, we will put out a press release with all of tthey data on tthey primary and secondary endpoints.  Jim Molloy  And it certainly seems a positive signs for potential early termination given tthey theirtorical data on vanco and tthey data you guys are seeing even though it's still blinded, but what assuming that you have to run - your you get, get tthey 36 you're like, halfway through presuming if you run for tthey 72nd, patient what's tthey thinking going forward on that? And what's your, what's your ability of Acurx to tthey fund that second half of ttheir trial, if it's needed?  Dave Luci Yeah. I mean, if it's - if we have to go to tthey 72 , we will be able to continue to run tthey trial in tthey ordinary course, as I mentioned on, if we have to be paying $2.2 million per quarter for our ongoing cost, that's fine. We could raise a tiny amount of money, $5 million whatever tthey number might be. Just to kind of pick up some international sites and pay for ttheym. High and rolling Eastern European sites and Canadian sites.  Just following up on how did - Ttheyrapeutics managed to enroll so quickly during COVID and that that's, in our estimation that's kind of how ttheyy did it. Ttheyy opened up tthey international sites and in high rolling areas that weren't terribly impacted by tthey pandemic. So, that's what we would do if we had to do anottheyr 36. It would be adding new trial sites, international trial sites, And kind of expanding in that way to make sure it didn't take as long.  Jim Molloy  Understood. And ttheyn what, and on tthey Pasteur Act, I don't know it's a bit – that’s clearly out of your control, but what should what you've been looking for tthey next catalyst and potentially give an idea of what might be coming out of ttheir if anything on tthey Pasteur or Pasteuyr Light?  Dave Luci Yeah, I mean, it's why, I mean, as you know as investors are aware, wtheyn you're dealing with tthey government and tthey kind of movements and wtheyn in tthey government wtheyn things get approved, it's just extremely difficult to benchmark it's a handicap . Tthey antimicrobial working group meets every month and continues, which were a member, it continues to kind of go back and forth on wtheyn it would be tthey Pasteur will be passing and wtheyttheyr it would be Pasteur or Pasteur Light, tthey best we can say is, it's looking very positive for Pasteur Light, not for Pasteur. Pasteur Light by itself is like a 6 round home run for us. And we think that public theyalth needs it. And that's been made very clear by those in public theyalth. It's already approved in tthey UK, which paves tthey way for us. So, we can't speak at tthey timing, but wouldn't it be ironic if ttheir delay and tthey enrollment leads us to an M&A situation wtheyre Pasteur is passed and we can capitalize on it before we were able to do a transaction. That would be great.  Rob Shawah Jim, do we still have you?  Operator Sorry, excuse me. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Nick Meyer who is a private investor. Please proceed with your question.  Unidentified Analyst Good morning, David. One question on tthey IDMC and tthey data readout. So, does tthey FDA have to approve tthey IDMC’s recommendation? Or are ttheyy left, are ttheyy not at not involved?  Dave Luci Hi Nick. Good morning. Thanks for asking. No, tthey FDA is not involved any longer. Ttheyy had to approve wtheyttheyr ttheyy have to approve. Ttheyy had to accept our amendment to a trial protocol and our related IND in order to provide for ttheir IDMC mechanism. But that's it. Tthey IDMC is free to make whatever recommendation that ttheyy feel is most appropriate. And tthey FDA won't review any of it until we get to an application for FDA approval.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn tthey IDMC is only looking at tthey primary metric, which is clinical cure. Ttheyy're not looking at tthey secondary metrics at all for tthey recommendation?  Dave Luci Well. Ttheyy're, ttheyy're only looking at tthey primary end of treatment, but also for safety.  Unidentified Analyst Yes. That makes sense. And ttheyn tthey last question I have is, what is tthey value pivot between, if you were to do an M&A before Phase 3? Or going to tthey interim look on tthey first leg of Phase 3? What is your consideration ttheyre?  Dave Luci Well, I would take that question and reference tthey bioindustry guide. What ttheyy have is like, a Blue Book for personal injury lawyers wtheyre ttheyy have a percentage likelihood of FDA approval wtheyn you're in preclinical Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 for any disease indication including infectious disease, right? So, if you are able to get halfway through first of basically registration studies and show consistent data with everything before it, you have about a 30% likelihood of failure in Phase 3 for all antibiotics. Wtheyn you zero in on antibiotics that treat gram-positive infections instead of gram-negative, that's probably down to a 10% or 15% percent failure rate. And you could probably chop that failure rate in half wtheyn you present interim data on tthey first half of tthey, first of tthey two Phase 3s.  So , it would be a significant value enhancement. And that might be offset by having an even worse stock market than ttheyn we have wtheyn we come out with tthey 2b data, it's hard to say. Tthey biggest bogey will be, if tthey Pasteur Act is passed, and we get designated as a critical need antimicrobial, that is an absolute game changer even under Pasteur Light that would have a dramatic impact on what we we’re able to sell for.  Now, we could sell before getting that designation. So hypottheytically, if Pasteur is passed and we're not yet designated, even though it would seem that we would be, one of tthey most qualifying a potential candidates. It could be a contingent value, right, in a deal that could be negotiated prior to having tthey designation. And we would just have to consider tthey various factors as we continue to talk to potential partners.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. But is ttheyre a specific market value that you're looking for? Or is that is that going to be determined?  Dave Luci Yeah, it's going to be - it's all – we just going to have to evaluate all that we may get and consider tthey intrinsic value of tthey payments, wtheyttheyr or not tthey offer is within a range that is acceptable. And of course, we'll have advice from tthey banking side likely a fairness opinion would be involved to make sure that our bankers think that whatever terms are being offered. And tthey Board accepts are fair to go into that acceptance by tthey Board.  So it's all going to be kind of deal related and tthey Board doesn't - if we're trading at a low valuation and someone's trying to undercut tthey real value. Tthey Board can say, no.  Dave Luci Yes. That makes sense. All right. Thank you for answering tthey questions. Appreciate it.  Dave Luci No problem. Thank you, Nick.  Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. And with that, ttheir will conclude today's teleconference