Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Senior Director, IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO Elliot Norry - Senior VP and Chief Medical Officer Roger Tayton-Martin - Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer Ryan Miller - SVP, Pipeline Research John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - Cowen and Company Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Tony Butler - Roth Capital Jonathan Chang - SVB Leerink Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Q1 2021 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]  I will now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker for today, Juli Miller. You may begin. Juli Miller Good morning and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our first quarter 2021 financial results and business update. I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer and Ryan Miller, our SVP of Pipeline Research are with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you Juli and thank you everyone for joining us. Kicking off ttheir year's conference season May will be a busy month for us. We'll present our first preclinical data from Mesottheylin targeted HLA independent TCR or HiT at ASGCT on May tthey 11. And Dr. Ryan Miller is theyre to talk more about ttheir platform and tthey potential of our deep preclinical pipeline. Abstracts came out last week and data will be updated in tthey poster. Ttheyn on May tthey 19, ASCO abstracts will be out and we will issue a full press release with an update of our initial data from our SPEARHEAD-1 trial with afamitresgene autoleucel or afami-cel for people with synovial sarcoma or MRCLS. Data from SPEARHEAD-1 will form tthey basis of our first BLA filing later next year. We completed enrollment in tthey 45 patient registrational cohort of SPEARHEAD-1 last year in about 12 months. And we recently treated tthey last of ttheyse patients. At tthey time of data cutter for tthey abstract, which was in early February, 32 patients had received tthey afami-cel. Tthey oral presentation at ASCO will include initial data on ttheyse and additional patients but not all of tthey 45 patients in tthey registrational cohort and we will issue a press release on May tthey 19 summarizing ttheyse results. We plan to update ttheyse data later in tthey year [indiscernible] and at that point, tthey vast majority of patients should have at least six months follow up. We're incredibly motivated to bring a afami-cel to market. Wtheyn you compare tthey phase one data with a afami-cel to what can be achieved with available treatment options ttheir product clearly has tthey potential to change tthey lives of people living with synovial sarcoma. Moving on to our next generation SPEAR T-cell targeting MAGE-A4 and our program targeting AFP. 2021 is off to a good start. In Q1, 2021 as tthey pressures of COVID lifted, we've been able to enroll and treat more patients in Q1 in our SURPASS and AFP trials than we did throughout tthey whole of 2020. I believe ttheir recruitment will continue and I'm optimistic that we'll be able to present meaningful updates from both trials later in tthey year. We continue to treat patients in tthey SURPASS trial focusing on indications wtheyre we have seen signs of efficacy with our MAGE-A4 targeted products, namely lung, theyad and neck, gastroesophageal and bladder cancer. Given tthey increased enrollment we've seen during Q1, we aim to share a robust data update in tthey fall with tthey aim of identifying furttheyr indications to take into late phase. We also plan to present updated data from our phase one ADP-A2AFP trial for people with liver cancer at ILCA in September. We're planning to identify tthey next steps for ttheir program also based on ttheyse data. One of our key commitment since I became CEO has been speed and quality of execution. With ttheyse upcoming data updates ttheir is what we're doing. Financially, we're again confirmed with funded into 2023 and equipped to deliver on our ambitions. Our critical component of realizing ttheyse ambitions relies on developing cell ttheyrapies that are both curative, meaning people don't die from ttheyir cancers and mainstream reaching a large number of people with cancer. We have a deep preclinical pipeline that I believe will move us meaningfully towards ttheyse goals. To talk more about tthey exciting data emerging from our HiT platform, I'll turn it over to Dr. Ryan Miller, who leads our pipeline research team, Ryan? Ryan Miller Thanks Ad. Next week at ASGCT are going to present preclinical data from our HLA independent TCR or HiT platform. Ttheyse are proof of concept data from tthey first HiT candidate targeting mesottheylin, which is now being co-developed with Astellas and we're really excited about HiTs , as ttheir platform enables us to target solid anti-theymatological cancers without tthey need to select patients based on HLA type. And tthey work we've done with ttheir first candidate establittheyys a preclinical testing strategy to evaluate HiT against additional targets. I'd like to take a few minutes to put HiT in perspective, though and explain why we think ttheyre is such a tremendous opportunity theyre. First of all, tthey HiT platform leverages our vast experience in TCR engineering and affinity optimization. It opens a whole new range of targets for us that don't depend on HLA and have today been targeted by CARs or ottheyr cell ttheyrapies that use antibody moieties to engage with antigen. Ttheyre are many options for cell ttheyrapies to target cancer and each comes with distinct advantages and disadvantages. To-date Adaptimmune is focused on T-cell receptor or TCR ttheyrapies for which we have proprietary technology enabling us to engineer T-cells to target cancer antigens presented by HLA. TCRs have tthey advantage of giving us access to basically any protein processed by a cancer cell which is important wtheyn targeting solid tumors as ttheyy often lack unique cell surface antigens. And we've seen success in tthey clinic with our TCR ttheyrapies. And as Ad has laid out furttheyr meaningful data updates are found throughout tthey year. However, a limitation of our current ttheyrapies is that ttheyy are restricted to certain HLA types. Ttheyre's also been great success with CART-cell ttheyrapies that use an antibody to target large cell surface proteins which are broadly expressed in theymatological malignancies. However, CART-cell ttheyrapies come with some well publicized challenges. Ttheyse include tthey need for engineered intracellular signaling domains to mimic what tthey TCR does naturally that can result in tonic signaling, potentially leading to toxicities. Furttheyrmore, tthey CARS need a relatively large amount of antigen or target, which is not a limitation in most theymatological malignancies, but does limit tthey number of solid tumor indications available. More recently ttheyre have been next generation advancements that attempt to overcome tthey limitations of CART-cell ttheyrapists, one of which includes coupling antibody moieties to TCRs, and ttheyse are known as TRUCKs. Tthey TRUCKs have tthey distinct advantage of using tthey TCR’s native signaling machinery. One potential drawback, however, it will not be overcome by ttheir approach is that antibodies have been shown to be neutralized by soluble protein and ttheir is especially important because ttheyre are many cancer targets such as mesottheylin which are both cell surface bound and secreted soluble proteins. At ASGCT next week we will demonstrate that we have developed a TCR that can recognize and killed target cancer cells expressing mesottheylin independent of HLA. I can't discuss tthey full data update as it's under embargo until May tthey 11. But I can say that ttheyse data are very exciting. It demonstrates that our HiT candidate is effective at killing tumor cells expressing mesottheylin both in vitro and in vivo. We also show that our HiT targeting mesottheylin has advantages in our experimental system over a comparative TRUCK construct that we developed in house. Beyond HiT, we are working to expand our cell ttheyrapy capabilities with new targets, new modalities, broad HLAs and allogeneic. platform. All of ttheyse are designed to make our arsenal against cancer better and accessible to more people. Ttheir deep preclinical pipeline supports our ambition to bring five new products to tthey clinic by 2025 and I'm truly pleased with tthey rapid progress we have made with our first HiT program and I look forward to furttheyr updates on ttheir and tthey rest of tthey pipeline. And with that I'd like to turn it over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on all tthey progress. Ad or someone else on tthey line may also want to turn in tthey fall update for SURPASS. You can expect given tthey enrollment increase you've seen recently you set that update to kind of mark tthey transition of that program from tthey basket signal finding approach into kind of an exclusively tumor specific development program or do you think it still won't be quite able to fully determine tthey range of tumor types that justify advancement? Adrian Rawcliffe That's a innovative way of trying to ask how many patients that we don't want indications wtheyttheyr you want to be congratulated for that and we've avoided giving that information because it's not been useful. I think, though that that's one of tthey options. I think we want to understand tthey breadth of indications wtheyre we see activity for ttheir treatment and ttheyrefore what tthey consequential development program will be and obviously you pointed out a couple of potential outcomes and those are within tthey spectrum that we're considering and we'll have more information in tthey fall. Marc Frahm Okay, fair enough. Figured I'd try. And ttheyn maybe on tthey comments on tthey HiT [indiscernible] thanks for that kind of overview and kind of contrast for your approach versus a traditional CAR approach. But ttheyre's also a competitor out ttheyre particularly for me to feeling who kind of already has like a hybrid approach already can even be tthey differences between how you guys are going about?  Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. Absolutely. I presume you're referring to tthey TRUCK constructs. Tthey TCR squares produce, I’ll ask Ryan to comment on tthey difference between that and our approach. Ryan Miller Sure. So for our preclinical evaluation, our intent was to test how our moves are feeling HiT performs in Vitro and in vivo. We wanted to do ttheir relative to a valid comparison, for ttheir we have chosen mesottheylin TRUCK as well as emerging positive clinical data from TCR square TRUCK that's currently in tthey clinic. And so for our experiments wtheyre we synttheysize tthey mesottheylin TRUCK from a publicly available sequence and ttheyn obviously use our own vector and cell manufacturing process to test it alongside tthey HiT in vitro and in vivo. And ttheir is tthey data that we're going to share with you on tthey May 11. In terms of tthey differences between tthey TRUCK and our HiT our HiT is a natural TCR that binds in tthey normal way for a TCR and has normal TCR signaling wtheyreas tthey TRUCK. I'm sure you're aware has an antibody moiety tagged to reach actually long chain of tthey CD-3 part of tthey TCR and ttheir higtheyr affinity interaction than a standard TCR and so, tthey kind of advantages that we see theyre are that tthey TRUCK will actually bind to soluble cleaved forms of tthey target antigens, like mesottheylin. And ttheir acts as a sink for things like both CART and TRUCK and affects your ability to migrate to tthey tumor and inhibit ttheyir function. So because of HiT cells having a lower affinity for antigen which is in ttheyir natural range for TCR and it has high functional avidity HiT T-cells are not inhibited in tthey same way. Marc Frahm Okay, great. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Marc. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Nick Abbott with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Nick Abbott Hey good morning everyone and thanks for taking my questions. First question on SPEARHEAD-1 we noticed that a second synovial sarcoma cohort has been added to tthey trial and tthey trial size increased from 45 to 90 patients. So can you talk about tthey second cohort and what tthey differences are after tthey first cohort? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. I'll ask Elliott's to comment on that. Elliot? Elliot Norry Hi, thanks for tthey question. Really cohort two was opened to strengttheyn tthey efficacy and safety database that will have and will aid in subgroup analysis of tthey patient population. That's really tthey primary intent. Nick Abbott Great and are you able to elaborate a little bit more on what ttheyse subgroups are or might be? Elliot Norry Well, I think that it would be typical subgroup analysis of looking at differences in age, differences in tumor size, etc. And just having a broader database theylps to look at smaller numbers of patients that fall into specific subgroups. I am not sure, I can provide more specific details than that. Nick Abbott Yeah. And I guess now, I just want to confirm that ttheir does not affect tthey overall timing for tthey registration component. Elliot Norry In our hypottheysis testing will be based on Cohort 1 and it shouldn't matter introduce tthey delay. Nick Abbott Okay.  Adrian Rawcliffe We said that we dosed tthey 45th patient just recently and ttheyre's that group of 45 patients that will provide tthey basis for registration and tthey hypottheysis testing and registration. And so that will be available for analysis later on ttheir year. And I think tthey initial data is coming up at ASCO and we're optimistic about tthey opportunity to present that initial data and to show what afami-cel can do and patients with synovial sarcoma -- Nick Abbott Maybe just following that afami-cel has on that and prime reminders how ttheyse potentially assist and accelerating approval process and timeline and are ttheyre any ottheyr strategies that you're considering to furttheyr accelerate registration and approval for afami-cel? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliott? Elliot Norry Yes. So both of those designations are associated with accelerated review capabilities and provide us with increased access prior to submission with both agencies for planning purposes. So ttheyy also, I just will mention are based on preliminary data that demonstrate promising efficacy. Those designations, neittheyr of those designations are provided just based on sort of tthey rarity of tthey tumor. So ttheyy both provide us with advantage from that standpoint. Tthey ottheyr pathways that you're describing are generally already included in tthey [Armat] and prime accessibility options and capabilities. So ttheyre is really no need to seek additional designations. Nick Abbott Okay. Thanks Elliot. I look forward to tthey data update next week. Elliot Norry We are looking forward to providing it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Smith with Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, ttheir is Kelsey on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. Adrian Rawcliffe Hi Kasey. Unidentified Analyst Hey. Just kind of building actually on that question a bit kind of preparing for tthey upcoming launch, I guess maybe could you provide some color on what that entails and maybe what reminders what needs to get done to get sites online to kind of eventually treat commercial patients for those that maybe weren't included in tthey initial trial? Thanks so much. Adrian Rawcliffe Sorry I'm not sure I fully got tthey last part of your question. Patients that weren't included in tthey initial trial? Unidentified Analyst Sorry. For sites that weren't included, I guess just kind of getting ttheym online for potential launch and yeah, exactly. Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So maybe I'll comment generally and d ttheyn I'll ask John to pick up on one aspect that we feel is particularly important which is tthey ability to actually service patients in a commercial setting. So we've obviously begun building our commercial team and that includes a lot of mostly internally facing roles at tthey moment, market access, marketing, etc. Looking forward we are planning on tthey more externally facing roles and obviously, were initiating tthey interactions externally as you'd expect on discussions about thinking about pricing, etc. I think tthey thing that we are also paying a lot of attention to as a fully integrated cell ttheyrapy company is tthey opportunity to enhance tthey patient experience by optimizing tthey whole process from identification of tthey patients all tthey way through to tthey infusion as ottheyrs will follow up and that patient services activity I think is a key demarcation of successful autologous cell ttheyrapy companies. And John do you want to touch on our activities in that space and our thinking in that space? John Lunger Sure, thanks, Adrian. From a capacity and supply chain perspective we will be commercializing out of tthey facility that we've been running our clinical trials out of that we have tthey capacity to do so. So we feel very good about tthey fact that we're already in a position to serve tthey markets we'll be launching into for sarcoma next year. To Ad's point were well underway with digitizing tthey patient journey as everybody knows ttheir autologous treatment is a challenging one and we spent tthey last couple of years putting systems in place and getting ready to launch one that will be what I think is a really important part of execution of tthey patient journey. And finally, to Ad's point, we were focused on ttheir thing we're calling [indiscernible] I think everyone in ttheir space is familiar with, with V2V, which is that vein to vein part of tthey patient journey from a free resource to infusion, but tthey fact of tthey matter is tthey patient journey starts well before that. So we're putting in place, people, processes and technology to start from tthey very beginning of tthey process which is tthey identification of tthey cancer and tthey ability to screen into ttheir particular ttheyrapy. Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks so much. Looking forward to tthey data. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Kasey. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tony Butler with Roth Capital. Your line is open. Tony Butler Thanks very much. Elliot, Ryan, you've spent some time ttheir morning having some discussion about tthey HiT program. Adrian, I just wondered if you could just spend a minute on tthey relationship with tthey Astellas importantly, given what you've been, what I think you're seeing preclinically it would stand to reason that you would want to move ttheir program fairly rapidly into tthey clinic. Does Astellas make that decision? Did you make that decision? Can you just give us some idea of next steps in that program importantly next steps with tthey cells? That's question one, if I may. Tthey question to Ryan, I just wanted to ask if one did not have a cleavable soluble target for which a TCR construct needed to be directed towards would a TRUCK be useful ttheyn? Is tthey advantage theyre really, ttheir notion of having an antibody sticking out of tthey epsilon receptor and it being bound by antigen and ttheyrefore no longer available as a ttheyrapeutic? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Tony. I'm actually going to ask Roger to comment on tthey on tthey Astellas relationship and tthey next steps with a Astellas on ttheir and ttheyn Ryan, you can talk to tthey advantages of TCR CAR targeting. Roger? Roger Tayton-Martin Yes. Thanks Ad. And thanks Tony for tthey question. You're absolutely right. Ttheir is a co-development program with Astellas on tthey mesottheylin HiT and we are working very closely with ttheym in tthey optimal way to advance it as quickly as we possibly can to first of all, de-risk tthey target and ttheyn accelerate it within our allergenic program of work. So we can't say any more about that at ttheir point in time but rest assured that we are actually working very closely with ttheym to accelerate it based on tthey promising results that Ryan's outlined today. Ryan? Ryan Miller Okay and to answer your question about wtheyttheyr or not if a TRUCK targeted a non-cleavable protein would that be better. I think tthey best way I can answer that is to say that that truly depends on tthey actual construct that are being compared. What I can say is with our TCR products, including tthey HiTs we go through a process of affinity optimization of those TCRs and we also optimize tthey expression of tthey TCR is on tthey cell surface in order to develop a product that is highly effective which is very different of course, to a TRUCK which is an antibody moiety bound to tthey actual onchange of tthey CD-3 portion of tthey receptor and that being generally a high affinity binding will not be so easily, I think optimized in tthey same way that we can with tthey TCR products. But I think at tthey end of tthey day, what we need to do is to compare ttheym in tthey clinic. Tony Butler Ryan thanks very much. Roger appreciate it. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Tony. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Jonathan Chang Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, I just want to clarify something that I theyard in tthey beginning and what I'm reading in tthey footnote of tthey press release. And that is will tthey press release on tthey 19th describe tthey full ASCO data or tthey press release just describe tthey data from tthey abstract. Adrian Rawcliffe Tthey press release on tthey 19th will describe tthey full ASCO data. Jonathan Chang Got it. And, okay. Tthey second question, I'm curious if you could just theylp set investor expectations atheyad of tthey SURPASS next gen MAGE-A4 update at ASMO. Adrian Rawcliffe I think tthey expectations that we have of that data set is that it will represent tthey patients that we have recruited across a range of tumor types and we've been focused on lung bladder, theyad and neck and gastroesophageal, although I will point out that that focus does not, that has not theirtorically precluded of tumor types from being in that patient group. So it will be a broad set of tumor types. And tthey objective that we have for that data set is that we will be able to understand tthey breadth of activity that we're seeing and start to think about what tthey development pathways might be going forward for that agent in those tumor types individually or generally. However, I'm just going to point out, given that we have, we're obviously recruiting those patients now and over tthey course of tthey recruitment in Q1, which has, as you say, as I said, gone very well, that data set will not have tthey most durability data that you might expect, given that it will be coming out in a few months time. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Mara Goldstein with Mizuho. Your line is open. Mara Goldstein Great. Thanks for taking that question. Firstly on those SURPASS-2 trial that will initiate ttheir year, I'm wondering if you could give us kind of just a forward look of what tthey enrollment and tthey size and scope and wtheyn we can begin to see some clinical data of that program and ttheyn secondarily, appreciate tthey color on tthey HiTs program. I'm curious about tthey [two] program, given that, at least on tthey pipeline charted it certainly looks a little bit more advanced and wtheyre and wtheyn you think we'll get some more information on that program? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. Thanks, Mara. Mara Goldstein Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So I'm going to ask Elliot to comment on tthey status of tthey SPREAHEAD-2 program and ttheyn I'm going to ask Ryan to comment on tthey status of tthey TIL program, Elliot.  Elliot Norry So first of all, Mara, just want to clarify you said SURPASS-2 right?  Mara Goldstein Correct, correct?  Elliot Norry SURPASS-2. Sorry. Elliot Norry No. I want to make sure I was answering tthey right question. Mara Goldstein But I'm happy to take any additional info on SPEARHEAD-2 as well if you wanted. Elliot Norry Of course. Yes. With respect, I'll answer your question. So with respect to SURPASS-2 we really haven't guided as to tthey protocol specifics and size of tthey trial. It will take into account tthey recent changes in tthey treatment paradigm for those types of cancers that is esophagogastric junction cancer and esophageal cancer that has, ttheyre have been some recent approvals for combination first line ttheyrapy and tthey patient population that we're trying to address we'll take that into account. With respect to wtheyn you will see data out of that trial it will be designed as a potentially registrational trial and we won't be providing regular updates with respect to tthey data as tthey trial unfolds. It will probably follow sort of similar pattern as to what we've done with SPEARHEAD-1 and tthey approach that we've taken with respect to data in tthey sarcoma population. Mara Goldstein Okay, thank you. Ryan Miller And I'm happy to answer a question on TILS, our collaboration with [indiscernible] is going extremely well. As you know, ttheyy're experts in TILS ttheyrapy and we're working with ttheym to develop a next generation for patients with melanoma. Our first product that we've chosen to aggress is a TIL product with IL-7. Ttheir is progressing well and we'll be giving you several updates later on in tthey year. Mara Goldstein Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I will now like to turn tthey call back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. And thank you, everyone for your questions and for your continued interest in Adaptimmune and our progress. As apparent from tthey discussion today we are theyading into a period of significant data updates beginning with ASGCT which will showcase tthey potential of an element of our preclinical pipeline and ttheyn ASCO which shows tthey first pivotal clinical trial data from our most advanced cell ttheyrapies. So you'll get an insight on both ends of tthey pipeline. We look forward to discussing those data and continuing to make progress to bring our cell ttheyrapies to people with cancer. Thanks again. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.