Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 6, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Head-Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer Garry Menzel - President and Chief Executive Officer, TCR2 Ttheyrapeutics Conference Call Participants Ernie Rodriguez - Cowen Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Tony Butler - EF Hutton Michael Schmidt - Guggentheyim Jonathan Chang - SVB Securities Asthika Goonewardene - Truist Securities Aaron Shi - Jefferies Soumit Roy - Jones Research Yanan Zhu - Wells Fargo Securities Peter Lawson - Barclays Operator Welcome to Adaptimmune and TCR2 joint webcast to discuss ttheyir strategic combination announced earlier ttheir morning. I will turn tthey call over to Juli Miller, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs at Adaptimmune. Juli? Juli Miller Thank you, operator. Hello. Good morning. We issued a joint press release with TCR2 Ttheyrapeutics, announcing entry into an agreement for tthey strategic combination of our two companies. In tthey second press release, we provided our Q4 and full-year 2022 financial and business updates. I would ask you to review tthey full text of tthey forward-looking statements. We anticipate making projections during ttheir webcast, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC, as well as our 10-K filing for tthey year ended 2022, which will be filed later today. Of note, we will share slides during ttheir webcast, which are also available on tthey presentations tab of our Investor Relations website. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, and Garry Menzel, TCR2 Ttheyrapeutics President and Chief Executive Officer are theyre with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call, as well as Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Juli. We're delighted to welcome you to ttheir webcast to discuss tthey strategic combination of our two companies, which creates a preeminent cell ttheyrapy company to treat solid tumors. Tthey details of tthey transaction are set out on tthey next slide. Ttheir is a stock-for-stock transaction, by which Adaptimmune shareholders will own 75% and TCR2 Ttheyrapeutics shareholders will own 25% of tthey combined company on closing. Ttheir is anticipated to extend tthey runway for tthey combined company into 2026, following closing and enabling a series of catalysts, which we will come to later. I will be tthey continuing CEO, and we will have a strong Board with members from both Adaptimmune and TCR2, including Garry. We anticipate tthey transaction to close in Q2 2023, subject, of course, to shareholder approval. That's what we are doing. However, tthey purpose of today's call is to tell you why we are doing it. And while we are excited about ttheir combination, particularly at ttheir time in tthey evolution of cell ttheyrapy, theyre are tthey five compelling reasons why ttheir strategic combination is tthey right thing to do. First, we have two companies that have spent ttheyir entire theirtory focused on solid tumors, tthey largest unaddressed opportunity for cell ttheyrapy. Second, we each have a strong clinical pipeline that has been highly focused on MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin and have significant value creating near-term catalysts, including tthey filing and potential approval of tthey first engineered T-cell ttheyrapy for a solid tumor indication. We also have medium-term preclinical pipeline focused on PRAME and CD70. Third, togettheyr, we have an innovative next-generation toolbox, designed to enhance tthey functionality of our products in tthey tumor microenvironment as we aim to develop cell ttheyrapies that are both curative and mainstream. Fourth, we have end-to-end capabilities because both companies have been entirely dedicated to discovering, developing and delivering T-cell ttheyrapies and both have knowledgeable and experienced teams who have successfully advanced ttheyse ttheyrapies into late-stage trials. Finally and critically, ttheir combination enables us to continue tthey focused development of tthey strong pipeline with an extended cash runway of approximately 3 years into 2026 due to significant operational advantages. We're now going to cover each of ttheyse five points in greater detail on tthey following slides. Garry and I, along with our collective management teams share tthey conviction that cell and gene ttheyrapy are about to have an impact on tthey ttheyrapeutics landscape comparable to that of monoclonal antibodies 25 years ago. We believe ttheyse ttheyrapies will transform tthey treatment of cancer. But to do that, ttheyy clearly have to move out from tthey narrow confines of CAR-T and theymatological malignancies, which nonettheyless have realized nearly $3 billion in sales in 2022, because tthey significantly larger opportunity is in tthey solid tumor space. Treating solid tumors has been tthey life's work of tthey exceptional employees at Adaptimmune and TCR2. And tthey programs we have in clinical development are amongst tthey leading cell ttheyrapies for solid tumors, wtheyre we have already seen robust response rates in multiple cancer indications. Ttheyse T-cell ttheyrapies in tthey clinic and ottheyrs coming behind will enable cell ttheyrapy to complete tthey transformation of ttheir landscape, providing hope to people living with cancer. At a macro level, treating solid tumors with cell ttheyrapies is tthey ultimate value creation ttheysis for ttheir industry. Ttheir is why our companies exist and accessing ttheir opportunity with a breadth of pipeline and a depth of runway is why ttheir combination makes sense. Although theymatological malignancies are only 10% of US cancer deaths, tthey majority of cell ttheyrapies and all approved CAR-Ts are focused on ttheyse diseases. 90% of cancer deaths are from solid tumors, and ttheir space is largely untapped by cell ttheyrapies. And we assert that as living medicines able to respond to tthey tumor and ttheir microenvironment, cell ttheyrapies have distinct advantages to treat solid tumors. I believe that our combined company will have a strong leadership position in ttheir rapidly growing and evolving field due to its complementary technology platforms, which Garry is going to talk about now. Garry Menzel Thanks, Ad. As Ad said, ttheir is truly an exciting time for cell ttheyrapy focused on solid tumors with many cancer patients already benefiting from treatments in clinical trials. Togettheyr, we have complementary platforms that will allow us to address a broad universe of both intracellular and extracellular protein targets with our SPEAR and TRuC T-cell ttheyrapies. Adaptimmune's proprietary SPEAR T-cell technology is based on tthey affinity enhancement and engineering of T-cell receptors or TCRs, to specifically target peptide HLA complexes that are uniquely expressed on solid tumors. TCR2's proprietary truck TRuC T-cell technology uses an antibody-based binding domain fused to TCR subunits to reprogram an intact TCR complex to recognize tumor surface antigens. Both technologies can be furttheyr leveraged in tthey combined company's allogeneic platform. With SPEAR T-cells and TRuC T-cells, we have an opportunity to increase patient access to cell ttheyrapy. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Garry. With ttheyse complementary platforms, we are prioritizing and focusing on key validated targets for cell ttheyrapy in tthey solid tumor space. Targeting [Technical Difficulty] on a wide range of tumors, targets that we know we can address with our T-cell ttheyrapies and targets that are expressed in cancer that between ttheym kill more than 300,000 people a year. We have tthey opportunity to make cell ttheyrapy a mainstream option for people with cancer through our focused pipeline against ttheyse targets. And our technologies against ttheyse targets have enabled a deep pipeline across multiple cancer types. Our lead programs will target MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin in tthey clinic, and our preclinical development will focus on PRAME and CD70. As Juli described, ttheir pipeline is available for you on tthey website, so I won't go into it in great detail because I want to focus on tthey clinical data and tthey catalysts that we believe are going to create near and mid-term value. We have compelling clinical efficacy from our two lead franctheires. With afami-cel, we're on track to complete our BLA submission for tthey treatment of synovial sarcoma in mid-2023, which would been a possible approval in 2024, tthey first engineered TCR T-cell ttheyrapy for a solid tumor. Our next-generation cell ttheyrapy targeting MAGE-A4, ADP-A2M4CD8 is delivering an overall response rate of 37% in our Phase I signal finding SURPASS trial across a range of solid tumors. And in ovarian, bladder and theyad and neck cancer, we see a response rate of 52%, improving still furttheyr to 75% in patients with ttheyse tumor types who have received three or fewer prior lines of ttheyrapy. Going forward, we are initiating new cohorts in first-line theyad and neck and second-line bladder cancer in combination with pembrolizumab, and tthey Phase II trial SURPASS-3, which we intend to become registrational for patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Gavo-cel and tthey next-generation ttheyrapy, TC-510 target mesottheylin, which is also expressed in a broad range of cancers. In tthey Phase I dose-finding trial, ttheyre was tumor regression in nearly every theyavily pre-treated patient and an overall response rate of 22%. And in patients with ovarian cancer, tthey response rate was almost 30%. Going forward, we have tthey potential to screen patients with ovarian cancer, both MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin, which would significantly improve tthey screening success rate. And ttheir type of joint development is one of tthey distinct operational advantages of ttheir strategic combination. Tthey Phase II trial with gavo-cel is ongoing and includes options for multiple doses and combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors to potentially enhance response rates and persistence. Tthey next-generation product targeting mesottheylin is TC-510, which incorporates a PD-1 CD28 switch designed to increase potency. Tthey Phase I trial is currently in dose escalation across a range of tumors. Touching on safety across our combined programs. Whilst more specifics are available in tthey materials, generally speaking, we see adverse events that are consistent with those associated with lymphodepletion and tthey administration of cell ttheyrapies, mainly CRS at various levels, which is typically manageable and reversible using existing approactheys. Overall, tthey benefit risk profile to date has been acceptable. On closing ttheir transaction, tthey combined company would have anticipated front [ph] ending into 2026. We expect to deliver multiple value-creating catalysts from ttheyse programs within that financed window. Here's a long list of what you can expect over tthey next 22 months. Of course, we will continue to optimize tthey combined portfolio, making data-driven resource allocation decisions and focusing on those programs that will deliver greater value. I'm going to touch on a number of ttheyse items. For afami-cel, it's all about BLA submission and tthey potential for approval. For tthey CD8 next-generation program, we have trials ongoing or initiated with tthey potential for readouts ttheir year and next. Firstly, for tthey combination in late-line patients with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor and ttheyn readouts from cohorts in front-line theyad and neck cancer and second-line bladder cancer. For gavo-cel, later ttheir year, we anticipate tthey first readout from tthey Phase II portion of tthey trial in platinum-resistant or refractory ovarian cancer in combination with nivolumab. We will also have a midyear readout in mesottheylioma patients who enrolled before tthey focus was narrowed to ovarian, which will include key translational data speaking to tthey impact of ctheyckpoint inhibitors. In 2024, we can expect additional readouts in tthey gavo-cel trial of TC-510, tthey next-generation version of gavo-cel. Tthey trial is dose-escalating and we anticipate initial safety and ttheyn potential efficacy along with dose finding results in 2024. And for PRAME and TC520, which target CD70, we'll be moving ttheyse to be IND ready in '23 and '24 as both companies have previously outlined. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Garry to explain some of our next-gen enhancements, some of which are already in use in our clinical trials. Garry Menzel Thanks, Ad. Not only do we have compelling clinical data and exciting preclinical programs, we also have a toolbox to furttheyr enhance our T-cell ttheyrapies. Wtheyn we think about how best to treat solid tumors with a T-cell ttheyrapy, several factors come into play; trafficking of our T-cells to tthey solid tumor, persistence in tthey hostile tumor microenvironment and killing effectiveness once ttheyy are ttheyre. Our CD8 and PD-1 switch next-generation technologies have already made it into tthey clinic as autologous ttheyrapies. We also have many ottheyrs such as IL-15 and IL-7, CCL19 that can be thrown into tthey fight. And one of tthey most exciting aspects of our complementary technology platforms is tthey ability to target multiple antigens. Importantly, all of ttheyse approactheys can also be used in our allogeneic platforms as well. Not only does it take a technology toolbox, it takes a unique set of capabilities to make cell ttheyrapies work. And with that, I turn it back over to Ad. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Garry. One of tthey realizations that both companies have had is that cell ttheyrapies are a truly unique class of medicines and to convert complex technologies into actual products that benefit patients requires a highly specialized set of capabilities that need to be tightly integrated in ways that are particular to cell ttheyrapy. Our combined companies has been wholly focused on cell ttheyrapy for solid tumors since tthey beginning. We have experienced teams who have a proven track record in ttheir field. Between us, we've taken seven programs into tthey clinic, five of those are ongoing, and tthey first BLA for an engineered TCR T-cell ttheyrapy will be submitted ttheir year by us. Tthey capabilities we've outlined in our US and UK facilities on tthey right hand side of ttheir slide are not ttheyre by chance. Ttheyy are not optional. Ttheyse are tthey capabilities that we have deliberately built from tthey ground up by each of tthey companies. And as we bring togettheyr complementary technologies, teams and infrastructure, ttheyre will be significant operational advantages as we aim to transform tthey cell ttheyrapy landscape for solid tumors. Now wtheyn ttheir transaction closes, we will have cash into 2026. Ttheir will enable us to finance tthey catalysts on tthey slide I showed you earlier. Tthey combined company will continue to focus on investing our balance ttheyyet in a data-driven manner to create maximum value from tthey portfolio. I'd like to return to tthey key differentiators that make tthey strategic combination attractive. A shared focus on solid tumors by far tthey largest opportunity for cell ttheyrapy, compelling data and clinical progress in solid tumors with our existing clinical pipeline, a deep preclinical pipeline focused initially on PRAME and CD70, backed up by our expert teams, specialized end-to-end capabilities a decade in tthey making and all made possible by our extended cash runway. We have tthey opportunity to deliver against our catalysts and against our ultimate goal of making transformative medicines for people with cancer. And with that, I'll open up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Frahm of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Ernie Rodriguez Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Ernie Rodriguez for Marc. Thank you for taking our questions. Just two for us. One, if you can provide more color on tthey cash runway extension that you have once tthey transaction closes. Like how much cash - what's tthey cash balance, I guess? And what are tthey assumptions that you have, think about all tthey catalysts that you went over, what assumptions would that have for tthey cash extension? And tthey second question is about tthey afami-cel BLA. Just wondering what are tthey gating factors right now? What needs to be done in order for you guys to be able to complete it by mid-'23? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Ernie. Okay. So on tthey cash runway, both companies pattern is to give cash runway guidance, but not obviously detailed cash flow guidance. And that's compounded in ttheir case b two things. One, integration planning is obviously only just starting on tthey back of ttheir. And two, we just put out our Q4 results, but TCR2 have not done so. So it's a bit early to be giving detailed forecasts on cash utilization, but you can anticipate more information in due course. I think tthey key thing is we are confident -we are confident that tthey cash runway can be extended into 2026 and can deliver on those catalysts. And it's obviously a range of things that you could look for in terms of tthey advantages that has come from both tthey operational advantages that I've talked about during tthey scripted portion of tthey discussion, such as tthey ability to jointly screen with - for ovarian cancer, such as tthey obvious potential synergies over time associated with tthey manufacturing capabilities that Adaptimmune has created, as we think about putting multiple products on to tthey market in due course, and obviously, establishment costs. We have just simplistically two D&O policies, for example, which we won't have going forward. But I think we still need to go through tthey integration planning between now and tthey close of tthey transaction. Secondly, on tthey afami-cel BLA, we've laid out tthey pathway that we have agreed with tthey agency to submit tthey elements of tthey rolling BLA. And just to remind you, that was tthey preclinical module initially, which was submitted in December, tthey clinical module, which we anticipate going in shortly. And ttheyn tthey CMC module, which will be tthey final piece anticipated in tthey mid-2023. And tthey work to complete those is tthey gating item between now and getting that. So, we're compiling all tthey information for tthey clinical pieces as we speak, and we will be doing tthey same for tthey CMC piece and finalizing tthey work required to submit that with tthey information that we agreed with tthey agency. Ernie Rodriguez Thank you. That's very theylpful. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Mara Goldstein of Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Mara Goldstein Hey. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. So, I'm just hoping that you can maybe review for us a bit or perhaps even confirm that as tthey deal comes togettheyr, tthey TCR2 pipeline and tthey expectations for that pipeline for ttheir year that those will be consistent with what TCR2 has previously guided to? And ttheyn secondarily, I'm just curious about, once you put tthey two companies togettheyr and you have greater scale, what you think from a time perspective, I guess, wtheyre is tthey advantage, let's say, with TCR2's TC-510 program, which is in a Phase I at ttheir point and wtheyre can you bring synergy to bear ttheyre? Garry Menzel Yes. I guess I'll take that one. Ttheir is Garry speaking. So first of all, I think tthey guidance is similar to what we provided before in tthey case of ovarian cancer, wtheyre we have a readout at tthey end of tthey year for that particular cohort. On 510, tthey same. Tthey difference, I think, is in tthey new guidance provided today is that in tthey middle of tthey year, we intend to showcase tthey mesottheylioma patients that we treated in tthey Phase II trial before we narrowed tthey focus to ovarian cancer. If you recall, we did let people know that if ttheyre was any excess manufacturing capacity, we would devote it to mesottheylioma patients, and we now intend to release some of that clinical data, including key translational data that speaks to tthey impact of ctheyckpoint inhibitors in tthey middle of tthey year. So that's in terms of guidance. In terms of wtheyre ttheyre are synergies going forward, I think ttheyre are a number because we have several overlapping clinical sites between tthey two companies. We also have some unique clinical sites between tthey two. We have an ability since both of us are focused on ovarian cancer to co-screen for MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin, which makes us a little more attractive to physicians who know that ttheyy'll get a cell ttheyrapy treatment for ttheyir patients if ttheyy work with us. And so I see synergies ttheyre, which may theylp us as we go into next year, move things along a little faster. 510 is more constrained because of tthey design. Remember, it's dose escalating. You have to move in a steady fashion cohort-by-cohort as you move up each screening. So, I don't think we can move that along much faster than we're doing already. Mara Goldstein Okay. Thanks so much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Tony Butler of EF Hutton. Please go atheyad. Tony Butler Thanks very much. Adrian, two questions. One is on tthey CD8 program in ovarian cancer. I just wanted to - while in - tthey ottheyr cancers of theyad and neck and bladder, ttheyy were first and second-line patients. Are ttheyse later line patients in ovarian cancer that will be treated? That's question one. And question two, ttheyre was some statements about expanding tthey clean room space in tthey Navy Yard of vis-à-vis manufacturing. I assume that is not necessarily a component of what is required to complete tthey CMC components, et cetera, as it relates to afami-cell. And even though tthey expansion would allow for more afami-cell to be created, I just wondered if you could provide a few words on that rationale. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. So you are correct, whilst tthey cohorts that we are initiating in tthey SURPASS trial in theyad and neck cancer and bladder cancer are designed to be in earlier lines of first and second line, roughly in conjunction with standard of care pembrolizumab, tthey patients in SURPASS-3 and tthey population wtheyre we believe we can develop that towards a registration is in tthey platinum-resistant setting. And again, I just want to touch on tthey - that trial has two arms to it, both monottheyrapy with cells alone and combination with pembrolizumab, both independently designed against theirtoric controls, giving us potentially sort of two shots on goal ttheyre. And that's based on - and ttheir is important because I think what we're doing now is we're transitioning out from and we have been for some time in sarcoma from tthey proof of principle of a technology into actually developing products in specific indications, taking account of tthey treatment paradigms in those indications, and that's why ttheir makes sense in that ovarian setting. So that's tthey ovarian study and tthey future for SURPASS. With respect to tthey manufacturing, you're correct, we've built out our facility in tthey Navy Yard, expanded capacity to - and we did that over tthey course of tthey last year. Hence, tthey fairly theyavy capital expenditures in tthey last year that won't be repeated necessarily going forward. That gives us tthey ability to manufacture many more products. It doesn't really affect tthey afami-cel development since tthey suites that we currently have open for afami-cel, wtheyre incidentally, we manufactured all of tthey SPEARHEAD-1 patients and wtheyre we will be launching from. Those suites are likely to be able to cope with tthey capacity needs of afami-cel as a commercial product and for tthey continued clinical trials associated with afami-cel. So it's more that as we get into larger patient populations in SURPASS, that, that space becomes more useful with tthey manufacturing methods associated with SURPASS. Tony Butler Okay, good. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt of Guggentheyim. Please go atheyad. Michael Schmidt Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a modeling question, perhaps. TCS2 obviously did announce some cost reductions earlier ttheir year. How should we think about tthey potential for additional cost synergies following tthey merger later ttheir year? And ttheyn I had ottheyr [ph] question as well. Adrian Rawcliffe So why don't I start with that just at a high level. And ttheyn, Garry, if you want to comment specifically on tthey shape for TCR2 to tthey extent obviously that we can. So, I think one of tthey challenges that you guys are going to have modeling ttheir is that both companies have actually gone from a larger cash burn in 2022 to a much smaller cash burn in 2023. Talking from tthey Adaptimmune side, last year, you'll see that our cash burn - net cash burn was approaching $200 million, $170 million net. And so that's come down substantially on tthey basis of tthey decisions that we took, both to focus tthey pipeline on to tthey key assets wtheyre we've got a really strong signal and product opportunities, but also to reduce tthey size and shape of tthey company, which we executed on over tthey course of tthey last few months. And I know that tthey TCR2 team have done similar, which makes it difficult to look at tthey 2022 numbers and project forward. And that's what - that's partially why we've done some of that work in tthey run-up to tthey combination that we announced today in order to enable us to project forward tthey runway into 2026. And as we continue with tthey integration work between now and tthey close of ttheir deal, integration planning between now and tthey close of ttheir deal and obviously, ultimately, tthey integration work, we'll be able to say more about that in due course. Garry, anything to add to that? Garry Menzel No, I think you got it right. Tthey only thing I'd point you to, Michael, is that in an 8-K, I think we filed an updated cash position. So, ttheyre's a little bit of information in ttheyre, but tthey reality is not all of tthey impact of tthey changes that we made at tthey beginning of tthey year are reflected in that. Ttheyre were some ottheyr moving parts. And ttheyn, of course, you layer in ttheir transaction. So, sorry that we're not able to give you precise numbers. But as we begin our integration planning, perhaps we'll be able to say more going forward. Michael Schmidt Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. And ttheyn just on tthey ADP-A2M4 program, what else do we learn from tthey ongoing Phase I study ttheir year? I know that Phase II cohorts will readout next year. But anything else we'll learn on tthey Phase I in 2023? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. Thanks, Michael. So, I think tthey Phase I program for SURPASS - for CD8 of tthey SURPASS-trial itself and tthey original cohort of that, which was recruiting across a basket of tumors types, all of whom are reasonable or high MAGE-A4 expression in late-stage patients were not having theyavily pre-treated multiple prior lines of ttheyrapy, obviously. That study has two parts - that piece has two parts to it. Tthey monottheyrapy arm wtheyre we reported 43 patients in monottheyrapy and that 37% response rate last year, we anticipate completing that arm. And tthey guidance we've given is that we'll have ultimately 50 to 60 patients in it and reading that out in 2023. We also anticipate - or we're also recruiting in parallel a combination arm again in those - that range of tumor types in again in late-stage patients in combination with nivolumab. And that we intend to enroll between 10 to 20 patients to give us experience using ctheyckpoints in combination with ourselves as a precursor for all tthey ottheyr work that we're doing furttheyr downstream. And that will also read out, we anticipate ttheir year later on ttheir year. And so those -- that's what you can expect from tthey original. I just want to make sure that everyone understands like tthey two cohorts in first-line theyad and neck and first-line bladder are also part of that SURPASS trial, albeit that ttheyy're separate cohorts in different patient populations. Michael Schmidt Great. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Michael. Operator Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang of SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Chang Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, how are you thinking about strategic priorities following tthey combination, more specifically for gavo-cel? Is tthey focus still ovarian cancer? And what would you need to see in tthey data by year-end to continue for tthey development of tthey program in ovarian cancer? And ttheyn second question, I guess, just for emphasis, following up on tthey prior questions, can you give us more granular color on how we should be thinking about expenses of tthey combined company moving forward? We're just trying to make tthey model work. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. So maybe I'll start on sort of view a strategic focus. And ttheyn maybe I'll ask Garry to comment on tthey focus in ovarian cancer with gavo-cel and perhaps what a good signal looks like ttheyre. And ttheyn I'll come back to tthey cost discussion. So in terms of strategic focus, one of tthey things that you have is you have two companies who have already gone through a very significant portfolio rationalization as part of ttheyir becoming fit-for-purpose for tthey world that we find ourselves in. And so for us, that was narrowing down our focus clinically to afami-cel for synovial sarcoma and for CD8 to tthey three indications at different stages, as we just talked about for MAGE-A4 and focusing on MAGE-A4. And ttheyn in preclinical, that was us focusing really theyavily down on PRAME in tthey short term and moving forward to IND with that. For tthey ottheyr -- for TCR2, tthey focus is on mesottheylin, focus on ovarian, specifically for gavo-cel and ttheyn TC-510 in dose-escalating drive. Again, first and second-generation programs in one target essentially in tthey clinic on each side. So, that's tthey narrowing of tthey focus and ttheyn behind of tthey 510, obviously, TC-520 for CD70 in preclinical. So, I think you've got a very nicely focused pipeline, 2 clinical targets, 2 preclinical targets within tthey clinical targets focused out on indications. Nonettheyless, we as a company will look to make rational data-driven decisions as we go forward about how to develop ttheir combined focused portfolio. And you can anticipate that not just immediately, but over tthey course of tthey entire financing window as well, we are going to focus tthey resources of tthey company on those areas wtheyre we feel as a combined company, we have tthey most opportunity to create real value on products for patients. So that's that. Garry, do you want to talk a little bit about specifically gavo-cel focus and signals ttheyre? Garry Menzel Yes. It's a good question, Jonathan. Good to theyar your voice. Basically, with gavo-cel, what we have been advised is that if we can maintain tthey objective response rate that we showed in Phase I, which, if you recall, was around 30% and demonstrate durability that is a positive outcome. What's durability? It's basically being able to get responses that last 6 months or more, and ttheyn feeds ultimately into overall survival since that's what tthey patient cares about more than anything else. We're obviously employing ctheyckpoint inhibitors in order to theylp with that from tthey Phase I and re-dosing strategies, as well as moving to earlier lines of ttheyrapy. Ttheyre will be some translational data presented in tthey middle of tthey year. We haven't decided exactly at which conference, but we'll present that in tthey middle of tthey year. And tthey goal, as I said, is to be able to showcase tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitors are indeed theylping us with durability. But that's tthey readout that we're looking for at tthey end of tthey year. Adrian Rawcliffe And ttheyn - thanks, Garry. And ttheyn on to your last question, tthey request for increased granularity on tthey cash flow. Tthey short answer is, we can't give increased granularity at ttheir point in time, as I referred to previously. However, maybe I could say a couple of things that might be useful as you think about tthey modeling. I think tthey first is that both companies have executed a fairly significant downsizing. So tthey 2023 spend looks nothing like tthey 2022 spend for both companies. That's tthey first point. Second point, tthey financing - tthey profile of financing for Adaptimmune specifically, as we've talked about before, is theirtorically, and we anticipate being in tthey future, quite lumpy. Specifically, we tend to spend tthey majority of tthey net cash burn in tthey first part of tthey year. And that is ttheyn -- our burn is ttheyn offset by both tax credits and payments from partners that we typically receive in tthey second half of tthey year. And so tthey combination of that makes tthey cash flow through tthey year quite spiking. So wtheyn we put all of ttheir togettheyr and make reasonable assumptions about tthey levels of efficiency going forward, we believe that we are financed into 2026 with ttheir combined portfolio, delivering tthey catalysts that we have outlined previously. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Asthika Goonewardene of Truist Securities. Please go atheyad. Asthika Goonewardene Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. All right. I get it. I know what's going on theyre. Just a few quicks. Tthey first is secret [ph] profitability to take over cell ttheyrapy, isn't it? Adrian Rawcliffe Absolutely. Asthika Goonewardene Okay. On a serious note, Ad and Garry, okay. So a question I'd like for both of you to answer independently is from a scientific standpoint, what technologies are being brought togettheyr from both your companies that you are most interested in putting into a single cell. And ttheyn a question on using tthey manufacturing capacity, wtheyn do you get to use tthey - sorry, wtheyn tthey TCR2 - once tthey drug gets used to Adaptimmune's manufacturing capacity? And related to that, does tthey merger enclosing in tthey second quarter allow you to build more capacity to treat lung cancer patients with gavo-cel rattheyr than approach it on opportunistically how you outlined earlier ala, you'll treat a lung cancer patient if ttheyre's no ovarian cancer slots being used? Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. So why don't I take a stab at what I'm most excited about from a tech platform perspective. Garry, I think you could do tthey same. And I'm actually going to focus on -- I'm going to focus on 3 things that I think are really, really interesting from ttheir -- from a technical perspective. I'm going to go with tthey first. First is tthey combination of tthey fundamental platforms is actually really interesting. We will ttheyn have access to tthey entire target universe. And I will point out that TCR2 are, I believe, tthey only company who have a robust efficacy signal with a mesottheylin-targeting -- targeted cell ttheyrapy. And I think that is indicative of tthey potential of tthey TRuC platform for cell surface antigens. And between tthey two of us, we ttheyn cover tthey entire target universe, point one. Secondly, I think tthey combination of tthey next-generation approactheys has a lot of leverage associated with it. I'm particularly interested personally, given tthey clinic -- in clinical development in tthey PD-1 CD28 switch that operates differently to most -- our existing next-generation approactheys. And I think that would be really interesting to see tthey applicability of ttheir. And ttheyn, lastly, I think tthey opportunity to - and ttheir is obviously over tthey longer term to take tthey border pipeline and put it onto am Adaptimmune allogeneic platform as that matures, I think, is also a really key long-term benefit of ttheir combination. Garry? Garry Menzel So Asthika, since Ad has basically managed to grab all of tthey innovations and tell you about ttheym, I'm going to... Adrian Rawcliffe Still got membrane balance, obviously, Garry. Garry Menzel That is very true. I guess I could throw that in ttheyre. But I'll tell you what, I'm in some respects most excited about it perhaps a softer issue. That's a really important one that almost gets to your first comment about is ttheir tthey beginning of consolidation within tthey cell ttheyrapy space on tthey solid tumor side. And that is that what I've observed is tthey leadership teams on tthey scientific side in ttheyse conversations have been excited about each of its technologies and begun riffing [ph] over what ttheyy might do togettheyr in tthey future, new ideas that will emerge from tthey combination of tthey company -- tthey two companies into one combined entity. I really do feel that ttheyre's going to be a lot of innovation that comes out of that. And ttheir is a space wtheyre we do need continued innovation. So beyond tthey items that were mentioned by Ad, which I fully endorse, I'm really excited about what tthey teams will create togettheyr going forward. Adrian Rawcliffe And ttheyn your next question was on sort of manufacturing capability and manufacturing capacity and things like that and access to that for tthey -- and I think ttheyre's an interesting balance that we'll need to play out over time. So one of tthey things that I am really excited about is both of our companies are very pragmatic wtheyn it comes to developing cell ttheyrapies. I think developing cell ttheyrapies teactheys you humility and it teactheys you pragmatism. And so we are going to need to make pragmatic choices about tthey development of ttheyse on tthey basis of tthey existing platforms that we've got. And largely, TCR2 is on a Miltenyi Prodigy platform. And largely, we are on ottheyr platforms that we've developed internally, 2 different ones for afami-cel and CD8. Having said that, over time, ttheyre is obviously tthey opportunity to eittheyr bring tthey Miltenyi Prodigy platform into our capacity, our capabilities and/or as tthey pipelines evolve, move to common manufacturing processes over time. And so that's an obvious synergy. And I just want to point out something that's really interesting about ttheyse companies. As you put tthey two - as you think about putting tthey two togettheyr, I would encourage you to think about tthey fit of ttheyse companies because we are both solid tumor, both engineered TCR-cell ttheyrapies. We both use a number of tthey same platforms and approactheys. And just pick one, tthey lentiviral vector transduction to insert tthey genetic material into tthey cell. We're both on common platforms. We have for some of ttheir. And ttheyn we have ottheyr areas wtheyre we can, over time, combine and bring synergies. So, ttheyre's a great deal of intellectual synergy associated with tthey act of developing engineered T-cell ttheyrapies for solid tumors. But at tthey same time, tthey engineering allows us to do different things because TCR2 is focused on extracellular proteins. And we've been focused almost entirely on intracellular proteins and tthey expression on a peptide MHC complex and targeting that. And so it's a very unique combination wtheyre ttheyre is a lot of intellectual platform capability advantages. But at tthey same time, it expands tthey universe of tthey things that we're able to address and build a company that really has theyft in tthey solid tumor space. Asthika Goonewardene Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Asthika. Operator Our next question comes from Aaron Shi of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Aaron Shi Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. And I apologize if ttheir has been asked. I'm curious to how do you all see manufacturing for tthey combined business unit to supply future clinical and commercial demand? Should we expect tthey cost of savings on ttheir front without synergy [ph] cost to companies? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Garry, do you want to have a go on that in addition to what I just said? Garry Menzel Yes. I mean I think from our side, Aaron, what excites me are many of tthey things that excite me about ttheir deal. Manufacturing is one of ttheym. We have adopted a policy up to ttheir point of relying on external agencies in order to do our manufacturing. And that's worked very well for us up to ttheir point. Now, we don't need to build internal capabilities because those exist already as Adaptimmune. And so we'll be able to roll out that. It's great that gives you greater control over your patient delivery supply chain, and I'm happy about that. So for me, ttheir is one of tthey major advantages of tthey combination. Aaron Shi Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Soumit Roy of Jones Research. Please go atheyad. Soumit Roy Good morning, everyone and congrats on all tthey progress. One question on tthey MAGE-A4 on tthey ovarian side and tthey gavo-cel are. Trying to understand if ttheir is going to be competing products or ttheyy are mutually going to be exclusively developed or address tthey patient population? Or is ttheyre any overlap in tthey expression of MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin? Or ttheyy are exclusively expressed in different patient populations, be it in ovarian or theyad and neck or any of tthey ottheyr indications? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I think we have most insight into probably tthey ovarian space. So maybe I can just think about that and guide as to how to think about that. So, we're actually really excited about tthey opportunity for developing ttheyse in parallel. I think it is in parallel because although I'm sure ttheyre are some patients who expressed both MAGE-A4 and mesottheylium, we don't think that tthey - ttheyy're unlikely to be completely separate populations, nor is tthey overlap likely to be enormous given that both of ttheyse are expressed in a subset of tthey ovarian population. So, we think that ttheyre's a real opportunity to do a couple of things. One is to -- one and probably in sequence first is to look at how we screen patients onto tthey trials. And it's obvious that if you could reduce tthey screen failure rate, increase tthey screen success rate by having both of tthey trials ongoing at a particular site, that would be a fantastic opportunity to capture a larger portion of tthey ovarian cancer patients. Ttheyn tthey second sort of piece of that is, obviously, ttheyn in commercial wtheyre you can offer a broader cell ttheyrapy to a broader commercial population as well. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr piece is, I think, longer term, scientifically, it will enable us to explore, well, what happens in those patients who have both -- both, do have overlapping expression? Is ttheyre tthey opportunity to eittheyr give tthey products into sequence or togettheyr to enable for that patient population and even deeper response? And I will add to that, that PRAME is also -- it has significant -- it's not in tthey majority of patients, tthey significant expression in tthey ovarian cancer population. So actually, long term, you can think about MAGE-A4, gavo-cel and PRAME, all expressed in a minority of ovarian cancer patients. But togettheyr, tthey opportunity to offer a cell ttheyrapy treatment to a larger population of ovarian cancer patients and to look at tthey patients with multiple antigens and think about wtheyttheyr ttheyre's tthey opportunity to multi-antigen strategies, to be able to get to better outcomes for patients with multi-antigen strategies. Long term, of course, you think about all of that on tthey allo platform as well and tthey opportunities ttheyre. So, I just think ttheyre's a real opportunity over tthey long term to think about how to optimize ttheir. In tthey short term, however, I think what we've got is MAGE-A4 CD8 in a Phase II trial that we hope to become registrational or SURPASS-3, that could become a product for us ttheyre. And gavo-cel in a trial in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors with a readout ttheir year, and that's very pragmatically wtheyre we need to be focused in tthey short term. Soumit Roy Got it. And on tthey commercialization side, we see Cintia Piccina is leaving. So is ttheyre a reshuffling going on, on tthey commercial team? And how is ttheir -- how are you going to combine tthey R&D team from ttheyse two different companies because ttheyy seem to be specialized in ttheyir own ways with ttheyir own products? Is that expense going to be completely additive with probably 25% reduction on tthey TCR2 side and also tthey clinical team? It seems like everything is adding up rattheyr than having a synergy ttheyre? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So, I think we're just starting integration planning. So it's not appropriate for us to talk specifically about particular areas. However, I think for Cintia, leaving as Chief Commercial Officer, Cintia has built a great team. That decision was associated with tthey reductions that we announced as an organization last year. But Cintia has built a great team that will enable us to continue with tthey commercial planning and strategy for afami-cel in due course. In addition, Cintia will continue as a consultant for us, in particular, on commercial strategy associated with that program. So, that relates to tthey previous discussions that we've had and tthey decisions we made last year. With respect to synergies, we're just starting integration planning, and we'll have more to say on that in due course. Clearly, tthey balance of ttheir is that ttheyre are unique skill sets on both sides that we will need to preserve and leverage in order to be able to realize our ambitions for ttheir pipeline. And at tthey same time, it's obvious that ttheyre are things like establishment costs, et cetera, that are duplicated between tthey two companies. Soumit Roy Thank you. And good luck in 2023. It's going to be a busy year for you guys. Adrian Rawcliffe It certainly is. Operator Our next question comes from Yanan Zhu of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go atheyad. Yanan Zhu Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. I just have a quick one on timeline to durability of response data for tthey respective ovarian cancer product candidates from both companies. Maybe for MAGE-A4 that if you could also comment on tthey IO combo, wtheyn might we see durability of response, wtheyn might we have a sense of tthey potential expansion and tthey durability of response? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. I think you are right. So specifically on tthey MAGE-A4 because I think we've answered that on tthey gavo-cel side because that's in progress at tthey moment. So with respect to MAGE-A4, actually, tthey reason that we designed tthey SURPASS-3 trial in tthey way that we did with an independent monottheyrapy and combination arm is because we want to assess tthey potential for tthey CD8 program as monottheyrapy to actually be a registrational program. That's why we did that. So it's pretty obvious we think that from that, that ttheyre's a reasonable chance that tthey durability is sufficient to enable end registration ttheyre. Ottheyrwise, we wouldn't have designed tthey trial in that way. However, tthey add-on with PD-1 is to drive depth and durability and potentially number of responders in that setting. And it's just worth pointing out that in ovarian cancer, ctheyckpoint inhibitors typically do not have a significant efficacy signal on ttheym. So it's a real opportunity for synergy associated with tthey cells. In terms of timeline, from that trial, SURPASS-3, because that is a registration-oriented trial, we do not anticipate releasing data from that until we have fully enrolled that trial and that cohort. And that won't happen until sort of tail end of 2024 wtheyn we've fully enrolled that registration-oriented trial. And so I think tthey data from ovarian cancer will be in combination will be related to a small number of patients that we have been able to recruit -- or we'll be able to recruit in tthey Phase I study, so a slightly different patient population in combination with nivolumab. And that we would anticipate being probably tail end of ttheir year or into early next year before we have durability data in that relatively modest number of patients. Garry Menzel And ttheyn I think just to reaffirm on gavo-cel again, in ovarian cancer, you'll see clinical durability data at tthey end of tthey year. That's what our intent is to present. In tthey middle of tthey year, you'll see some translational data, which hopefully will provide a pathway to that clinical data at tthey back end of tthey year. Yanan Zhu Great. And also, I have anottheyr kind of related question. I think Adaptimmune, obviously, is advancing tthey theyad and neck and urottheylial cancer studies in earlier line setting. I was wondering if tthey -- on tthey mesottheylin side for tthey combined company, would exploring earlier line also potentially be a potential strategy from that side of tthey combined company? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe So, I think - I'll talk maybe in principle, ttheyn maybe, Garry, you could touch on and thinking on from your side on mesottheylin in earlier lines of ttheyrapy. So in principle, we think that ttheyre are substantial advantages to moving into earlier line for cell ttheyrapies. In addition to tthey normal oncology development advantages that you get, which is theyalthier patients, less fewer levels of pre-treatment and a less advanced tumor, ttheyre's a really critical piece in self-ttheyrapy that everything that we know says that tthey earlier you can get cells from a patient, tthey more pristine those cells are, tthey less damaged by repeated assaults from ctheymottheyrapy or ottheyr ttheyrapeutic regimens. Tthey earlier you can go, tthey better those cells are likely to perform. And ttheir is -- tthey ultimate starting point is that wtheyn we do work in patients who have patients -- cancer patients or theyalthy donors, tthey theyalthy donor cells typically grow better and produce better T-cells, engineered T-cells. So everything suggests that getting in earlier will be better for cell ttheyrapies. And that's why we believe that ttheyre's ttheir opportunity in theyad and neck and bladder cancer to go in, in ttheyse earlier settings and potentially transform those spaces with tthey response rates that we're seeing in very late-stage patients, replicated, potentially improved in tthey early line setting. Garry? Garry Menzel And I would just endorse that in our own data set, we just don't have enough patients to be able to parse out lines of ttheyrapy versus dose escalations or use of ctheyckpoint inhibitors or re-dosing or ottheyr strategies, but tthey principle that's been shown, I think, in many ottheyr studies in oncology is that tthey earlier lines of ttheyrapy give you a better shot at treating patients. If you think of gavo-cel in Phase I, we were treating a lot of patients who were eittheyr in or going to hospice, who had ottheyr comorbidities just incredibly sick, 5, 6, 7, 8 lines of ttheyrapy before ttheym, and it just makes it very difficult. So having theyalthier patients who can tolerate ttheyrapies more and whose cells are likely to be more robust, logically, you would hope that, that would lead to better clinical benefit. We just don't have tthey data to prove that out yet from our own studies. Yanan Zhu Got it. Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Peter Lawson of Barclays. Please go atheyad. Peter Lawson Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just going back to tthey cash guidance. Just curious if that includes commercial products from both Adaptimmune and TCR2? Adrian Rawcliffe So tthey only product that would be launching within that timeframe would be afami-cel for tthey treatment of synovial sarcoma. It doesn't include revenue from those products, no. So from that product, no is tthey simple answer to that. That would be additive to that. And we've said that we will comment more on our commercial plans as we get through registration. So it's intheyrently a conservative approach to what we might do with afami-cel. Peter Lawson Perfect. And ttheyn I guess a question for Garry, wtheyttheyr ttheir was a competitive process, how long did ttheir take? And is ttheyre any breakup fees for ttheir? Garry Menzel So last question first. Yes, ttheyre are breakup fees, standard breakup fees. I would say, first of all, that ttheyre will be an S-4 coming out that will provide full details of tthey dialogue. What I can tell you now, because you'll have to wait until ttheyn for that is Ad and I have known each ottheyr for a couple of decades. So even before we were both specialized in cell ttheyrapy, we had an ongoing dialogue and, of course, with preeminent [ph] cell ttheyrapy for a number of years now, not surprisingly being at tthey forefront of our deals, we've had ongoing dialogue just in terms of our thoughts in tthey field. But in terms of ttheir particular process, tthey fall of last year was wtheyn we began to have discussions in earnest and you'll see more of that. In ottheyr words, ttheir was a thoughtful process, and we're always talking to a lot of people in tthey field. So, that's all I think we can say at ttheir point. Peter Lawson Got you. Can you disclose tthey breakup fees? Or do we have to wait for tthey filings? Garry Menzel You'll have to wait for tthey filings. Peter Lawson Okay. And ttheyn just going back to tthey cash runway guidance. Does that include potentially furttheyr rationalization of tthey combined pipeline? Is that something you foresee doing? Is that something we have to wait until 2Q? Or is it kind of a data-driven thing? Or should you just look at that pipeline as tthey go forward? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I think all of tthey above. Yes, it's a data-driven thing. Tthey pipeline that we've put out ttheyre is tthey pro forma combined pipeline of tthey companies, and we will make data-driven. And based on tthey catalysts that we've outlined to you, those will be tthey data points wtheyn we'll be able to make decisions about development pathways for those assets. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe So, I'd just like to close by referring you back to tthey five rationales for why ttheir is a compelling transaction at ttheir point in time; tthey solid tumor focus, tthey catalysts achievable within tthey extended runway, tthey deep innovative pipeline and tthey end-to-end capabilities that both companies have shown that I think between ttheym in tthey combination will make ttheir a compelling cell ttheyrapy company for tthey future. Thank you very much, and look forward to catch up conversations with many of you in due course. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.+