Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer Dennis Williams - Senior Vice President, Late Stage Development Elliot Norry - Chief Medical Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Ryan Tayton-Martin - Chief Business Officer Kenneth Miller - Senior Vice President, Pipeline Research Gavin Wood - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - Cowen Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:04 Good day. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Full-Year and Fourth Quarter 2021 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker’s remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 00:27 I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ms. Juli Miller. Please go atheyad ma’am. Juli Miller 00:33 Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our full-year and fourth quarter 2021 financial results and business updates. I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our filings with tthey SEC. 00:59 Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. 01:09 With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe 01:15 Thanks, Juli, and thank you everyone for joining us. We filed our Form 10-K earlier today and I’d like to recognize tthey team for ttheyir hard work enabling that to happen. Late in tthey process, we identified a material weakness in tthey operation and design of specific controls for tthey calculation of tthey valuation allowance against differed taxation. Ttheir has no impact on our cash or cash runway. We have a plan in place to remediate ttheir weakness and I refer you to tthey 10-K for furttheyr details. 01:49 I’ll begin tthey call today by laying out our focus for 2022, which ties into and will ensure delivery off tthey next stages of our 2-2-5-2 strategic plan. Ttheir year, we are focused on four main areas. 02:06 Firstly, we intend to file up BLA for afami-cel for tthey treatment to synovial sarcoma in Q4 of ttheir year. Secondly, we will continue building on our MAGE-A4 franctheire with tthey SURPASS family of clinical trials. Thirdly, with our Allogeneic platform, we are making progress towards filing our IND for our first wholly-owned Allogeneic product targeting MAGE-A4 next year. 02:39 And lastly, we are scaling up our manufacturing facilities to deliver cell ttheyrapies for our first commercial product and our ongoing and planned clinical trials, including ttheir first Allogeneic product. 02:53 I want to touch briefly on each of ttheyse and describe tthey progress we made last year and our plans for tthey coming year. Tthey first focus area is filing tthey BLA for afami-cel. Our first generation SPEAR T-cell product targeting MAGE-A4. In less than two-years, against tthey backdrop of a global pandemic, we have successfully completed enrollments and treatment in Cohort 1 of tthey SPEARHEAD-1 pivotal trial, which will serve as tthey basis for tthey BLA. 03:25 We’ve completed tthey efficacy analysis for Cohort 1 and as we shared during tthey JP Morgan conference, tthey trial has met its primary endpoint. Furttheyr, at CTOS, we reported an overall response rate per independent review of 36% for patients in ttheir theyavily pre-treated synovial sarcoma patient population. 03:47 At tthey time of ttheir data cut, tthey median duration of response had not been reactheyd with 75% of tthey responders still in response. Tthey non-clinical dossier for tthey BLA is complete, and tthey pediatric plans have been agreed with tthey regulatory agencies. 04:03 Going forward, we are working on additional elements required for tthey BLA filing, including supply of vector from [indiscernible] Biotech’s new facility, vector and T-cell product characterization, method validation for tthey lot release assays, including our potency assays, and completion of tthey clinical and CMC dossiers. 04:27 We are confident in our capabilities to deliver against ttheyse remaining elements and we will report progress throughout tthey year. We're planning to present data from Cohort 1 of tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial at ASCO, as well as combined data from Cohorts 1 and 2 at CTOS. 04:45 Tthey second focus area for 2022 is to continue building our MAGE-A4 franctheire with tthey SURPASS family of trials using our next generation ADP-A2M4CD8 SPEAR T-cells, targeting MAGE-A4. 05:01 At ESMO last year, we presented data from our Phase 1 SURPASS trial in multiple solid tumor indications. We reported an overall response rate of 36% with a confirmed complete response in ovarian cancer and confirmed partial responses in Ovarian, theyad and neck, esophagogastric junction and bladder cancers, as well as synovial sarcoma. 05:26 Based on ttheyse and earlier data, we initiated recruitment in a Phase 2 trial, SURPASS 2 for people with esophagogastric junction or esophageal cancers. And we'll initiate anottheyr Phase 2 trial SURPASS 2 for people with ovarian cancer ttheir year. 05:45 Tthey SURPASS Phase 1 trial continues to enroll, focusing on patients with gastroesophageal, theyad and neck, lung, bladder, and ovarian cancers. And we’ll add an arm to ttheir trial to combine our spare T-cells with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor. We plan to present data from tthey original protocol of tthey Phase 1 SURPASS trial at ESMO ttheir year. 06:06 Tthey third focus is our allogeneic program. We are tthey only company in our space with advanced autologous cell ttheyrapy trials, as well as a stem cell derived allogeneic T-cell platform. Autologous ttheyrapy is a critical for near and medium-term value creation, and ttheyy provide learnings that will drive tthey long-term success with our allogeneic platform. 06:30 We've demonstrated in our allogeneic platform that we can produce T-cells from stem cells that kill cancer cells in vitro and do so in a serial fashion. We plan to file an IND for our wholly-owned allogeneic cells targeting MAGE A4 next year, and we've become building a dedicated allogeneic manufacturing facility in tthey UK. 06:51 Last year, we announced our strategic collaboration with Genentech to research develop and commercialize allogeneic cell ttheyrapies. Ttheir collaboration covers development of products for up to five shared cancer targets, as well as a novel allogeneic personalized cell ttheyrapy platform. Tthey collaboration has initiated, and we received $150 million upfront payment in Q4 last year as reflected in our financials. 07:20 Tthey last focus area for 2022 is to add scale to our CMC capabilities. Our 2-2-5-2 strategy is underpinned by our integrated cell ttheyrapy capabilities. And I don't think it's controversial to say that to be successful as a cell ttheyrapy company, needs strength and depth across manufacturing and supply chain. 07:41 Wtheyn we've been consistently thoughtfully investing in our CMC capacity for more than seven years and have built an impressive set of capabilities, we've produced hundreds of batctheys of cell ttheyrapy for our autologous clinical trials with multiple products across a broad range of tumors. 07:59 Tthey GMP manufacturing capabilities at Navy Yard are now being expanded to meet tthey needs of our first commercial product as well as our ongoing and planned late stage clinical trials, with both [going construction] [ph] of an additional manufacturing facility, in tthey UK for allogeneic ttheyrapies. And finally, our in-house vector manufacturing in tthey UK has been successfully running for about two years now. 08:28 At Adaptimmune, we are motivated by a shared mission and vision to transform tthey lives of people with cancer by designing and delivering cell ttheyrapies. As part of that commitment, we've bolstered our internal teams. We appointed Cintia Piccina, as Chief Commercial Officer in January. Cintia has deep experience in oncology and in particular with cell ttheyrapy. Sthey will be a great champion of our products and tthey BLA ttheir year is only tthey beginning of our ambitions theyre. 08:58 We also hired Irving Ford, as our Head of Quality, who previously worked on delivering market cell ttheyrapy products at both Novartis and BMS. 09:10 In conclusion, we have seen tthey power of T-cells to treat cancer. As shown in our own engineered TCR T-cells and also CAR-T’s still as on ctheyckpoint inhibitors. 09:23 We’ve taken an ambitious part to develop cell ttheyrapies for difficult to treat solid tumors and it is extremely gratifying and motivating to theyar about tthey impact of our cell ttheyrapies have in conversations with our investigators and tthey people ttheyy treat. 09:40 We are leading tthey way in engineered TCR T-cell ttheyrapies for cancer, and we are on tthey verge of filing our first BLA, which if approved will be tthey first engineered TCR T-cell ttheyrapy on tthey market, and we're well funded into early 2024 to deliver on our objectives. 09:57 With that, I'd like to open up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator 10:01 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from tthey line of Marc Frahm with Cowen. Your line is open. Marc Frahm 10:19 Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just to start-off, you listed a handful of different elements of tthey CMC dossier that you need to be completed over tthey next couple of quarters to get tthey BLA submitted in Q4, which of those you can view as tthey rate [moving] [ph] step to tthey CMC dossier or are ttheyy all kind of on tthey same path? Adrian Rawcliffe 10:46 So, I'm going to ask Dennis Williams who leads our Late Stage Development over afami-cel to comment on that. Thanks Marc. Dennis? Dennis Williams 10:56 Sure. Thanks Marc. So, I think some of those activities for T-cell process performance qualification need pre-requisite to be complete meaning things like assay method validation, you need to have your commercial vector in hand. So, I wouldn't necessarily categorize one versus anottheyr as being great limiting, but tthey [T-cell PPQ] [ph], essentially it is tthey last step in tthey chain wtheyre you need to complete those prerequisites first. So, chronologically it is tthey last activity to occur prior to finalizing Module 3 of tthey BLA. Marc Frahm 11:41 Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just with experience of tthey team having filed some ottheyr work towards commercialization filing with some ottheyr self-ttheyrapies, maybe compare and contrast those – tthey assays that you need to kind of fully validate theyre to what's been done with some ottheyr cell ttheyrapies has successfully developed and ttheyn maybe also with what we've seen go on in tthey TIL space? Dennis Williams 12:08 Sure. Ttheir is Dennis Williams again. So, many of ttheyse assays were validated prior to – if you see even in Phase 2 trials and including SPEARHEAD-1. Now, as we look towards commercialization, we like to tighten ttheyse assays and furttheyr optimize, so ttheyse are tthey method validations that I'm speaking about that wtheyre, you know ttheyse are ongoing process now for ttheir [dossier] [ph]. 12:35 I think maybe you're alluding to potency assays, and I think for what we do that we use antigen specific for tthey toxicity assay, right. So, I think our circumstance for potency is quite different from what one may see in tthey TIL ttheyrapy. We've been using tthey same set of toxicity assay, it's prior to tthey start of SPEARHEAD-1. 13:00 So, hopefully that – I don't know if I addressed your question or not. Marc Frahm 13:05 Yes. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe 13:09 Thanks Marc. Operator 13:12 Your next question is from Michael Schmidt from Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst 13:18 Hi, everyone. Ttheir is Paul on for Michael. Thanks for taking tthey question. First one is just, quickly could you provide some guidance on how many additional patients you get from tthey SURPASS trial at ESMO ttheir year? And ttheyn secondly, ttheyre was some data last year from tthey Immunocore [specific] [ph] targeting MAGE-A4 with somewhat different enrollment criteria in terms of expression, wondering if you could just talk about differentiation from your approach, maybe how you view coming updates from that program relative to your MAGE-A4 franctheire? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe 13:53 Thanks. So, I'll truncate, we've not been specific about tthey number of patients, but we anticipate that it will be a significant update and that's all we've said of about patients. With respect to tthey differentiation of our cell ttheyrapy from immune it goes specific, and ottheyr matters I'll ask Elliot to comment on that. Elliot Norry 14:13 Yes, I'll just add that with respect to tthey update that's anticipated at ESMO, we do anticipate that will be across tumor types. Yes. With respect to tthey Immunocore data, I mean I think ttheyre was a publication earlier ttheir year wtheyre ttheyy made initial data public. And ttheyir approach to antigen expression was really quite different from ours and in addition to that, tthey data ttheyy presented was really very early. So, I think it's really premature to make broad comparisons. 14:52 We're pretty rigorous about ensuring that patients who come into tthey trial have a known level of antigen expression. And that theylps us with respect to interpreting tthey results. I think that at least our takeaway from tthey information that was publittheyyd by Immunocore was that for some of ttheyir tumor types ttheyy did not require antigen expression measurement prior to entering tthey trial and ttheyn did that retrospectively. 15:31 And ttheyy also saw some responses with what ttheyy described is very low levels of expression, although tthey durability of those responses was not very well. I just don't think ttheyy've had enough time to be able to fully describe it in tthey early publication. So, tthey bottom line is that I think ttheyre's a long way to go as it relates to making comparisons. I think we will stand behind our data with clear definition of antigen expression and resist response rate of 36% in very advanced patients with multiple tumor types. Unidentified Analyst 16:19 Great. Thanks a lot. Adrian Rawcliffe 16:21 Thanks Paul. Operator 16:25 Next is from Nick Abbott from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Nick Abbott 16:31 Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. I first add in terms of expansion of tthey Navy Yard. Could you talk about, sort of what percentage increase in capacity over current capacity are you targeting ttheyre? And presumably, ttheir is going to come online following a BLA approval? Adrian Rawcliffe 16:56 Yes. So, I'll ask John Lunger, our Chief Patient Supply Officer to comment on that. John? John Lunger 17:02 Yes. Thanks for tthey question. So, yes, tthey current capacity we have in tthey facility is around about 300 or so patients a year. And wtheyn I talk about capacity, I'm talking about room and equipment, and ttheyn wtheyn I say current capacity, I mean, we have tthey staffing available to do that. Tthey expansion in tthey AVR will bring us up to a ttheyoretical capacity of 600 to 700 patients per year out of that facility, which is a combination of clinical supplies for future autologous products, as well as commercial for afami-cel. 17:34 So, we obviously will need to staff that. We’re looking to have tthey rooms complete and ready to move manufacturing in later on ttheir year. Nick Abbott 17:44 Thanks. Appreciate tthey detail. And ttheyn, if I had to join later, apologies if you address ttheir [indiscernible], so can you talk about a companion diagnostic for HLA MAGE-A4 [indiscernible] ttheyse just get kind of rolled into current of NGS style diagnostics? Adrian Rawcliffe 18:10 I’ll ask Dennis to comment on that. Dennis? Dennis Williams 18:13 Yes, sure. So, I'll take MAGE-A4 first. So, we are developing with a companion diagnostic manufacturer Agilent that ttheyy are developing a commercial MAGE-A4 IHC test and we – that pre-market application or PMA is plan to be sctheyduled – it is plan to be submitted contemporary initially with tthey BLA. So, that will be tthey diagnostic companion that will – patients for [indiscernible] will be selected in tthey commercial setting. 18:52 For HLA, we use a 5, 10-K cleared presently. It's kind of sequencing and that is likely to be tthey test that people will use in tthey commercial setting. Your comment is well taken about [NGS] [ph] and I’m quite aware that tthey field is moving on with new technologies for HLA testing, but at tthey moment, we use in trials [indiscernible] sequencing test for HLA. Nick Abbott 19:26 Sure. Thank you and ttheyn last one for me, it goes to, obviously right wtheyn you selected to [indiscernible] is going to hit very high expression from MAGE-A4, but ttheyre is a sprinkling of [indiscernible] in ottheyr sarcoma subtypes, so, can you think ttheyre would be any interest or you still have position to tthey interest for evaluating ttheir in ottheyr sarcoma subtypes that may have lower levels at MAGE-A4 than you see in tthey two that you selected so far? Dennis Williams 20:11 Yes, thank you. Ttheir is Dennis Williams, again. That's a good question and we are [Technical Difficulty] value it and you to evaluate tthey C expression levels of MAGE-A4 and ottheyr sarcoma subtypes as you mentioned. 20:27 Sarcoma as a disease is very theyterogeneous and ttheyre are many different subtypes. Of note, like for example, we certainly are looking to evaluate wtheyttheyr not any of tthey sarcoma’s that occur in children with express MAGE-A4 as we consider, you know pediatric plans. But some of that will have at tthey end of tthey day will be dictated on how much expression level ttheyre is and how some sarcoma subtypes are even rare than tthey [indiscernible] like tthey sarcoma or synovial sarcoma. So, that's something we're continuing to evaluate at ttheir point in time. Nick Abbott 21:13 Thank you very much. Adrian Rawcliffe 21:15 Thanks Nick. Operator 21:18 Next, we have Jonathan Chang from SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst 21:25 Hi guys, ttheir [indiscernible] on for Jonathan Chang. Just had a question on SURPASS-3, if you had any updated thoughts or guidance on what tthey ideal patient population is within ovarian cancer for tthey SPEAR T-cell approach? Adrian Rawcliffe 21:43 So, maybe I'll just take that one very quickly. Tthey patients treated in SURPASS-1 platinum and eligible patients, and we probably anticipate that tthey SURPASS-3 trial will recruit into a similar population. Unidentified Analyst 22:03 Got it. Thank you. And ttheyn for SURPASS-2, does prior PD-1 have an effect on tthey activity of SPEAR T-cells and does ttheir inform tthey trial design in any way? John Lunger 22:18 Yes. So, I think that tthey impact of prior ctheyckpoint inhibition with respect to T-cell ttheyrapy is one that we're continuing to evaluate. In that patient population, tthey vast majority of patients going forward are likely going to have received ctheyckpoint inhibitor as part of ttheyir first-line ttheyrapy. 22:47 So, we're specifically aiming to study that population and actually allows us an opportunity to potentially treat patients, some patients in second line, as compared to after tthey sequence of ctheymottheyrapy followed by ctheyckpoint inhibitors, those patients often get ttheym in combination. 23:10 So, I think that tthey data will have to bear itself out, but in tthey realm of treating a range of solid tumors, in late stage, we're certainly gaining plenty of experience of dosing patients who have already received ctheyckpoint inhibitor. That doesn't preclude that ttheyy couldn't benefit from furttheyr use of ctheyckpoint inhibitor with – in combination with T-cell ttheyrapy and we're going to be exploring that as well. Adrian mentioned earlier that we're opening an arm of tthey SURPASS trial, tthey Phase 1 SURPASS trial to look at T-cells in combination, our SPEAR T cells in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibition. Unidentified Analyst 24:00 Got it. Thank you for tthey explanation. Adrian Rawcliffe 24:03 Thanks. Operator 24:06 Next question is from Peter Lawson with Barclays. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst 24:12 Hi everyone. Ttheir is Alex on for Peter. Thank you for taking our question. Just on tthey Genentech collaboration, I was just curious what we should expect to learn from ttheir over tthey next year. So, maybe in terms of targets to any plans to disclose that? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe 24:31 I'll ask I'll ask Ryan to answer that for you. Ryan? Ryan Tayton-Martin 24:36 Yeah, Hi ttheyre. So, we haven't disclosed tthey target selected by Genentech and ttheyre isn't actually an intention to do that. What we have talked about is ttheyre are research milestones, which we will continue to track through, which comes part of that deal. So, I think really that's probably wtheyre we will be updating on tthey market. It will be to progress that come through those committed payments. So, that's all I can say. It’s kicked off well and it started well. So, we're really pleased with progress so far. Unidentified Analyst 25:09 Great. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe 25:11 Thank you. Operator 25:14 We have a question from Soumit Roy from Jones Trading. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst 25:20 Hi. Ttheir is [indiscernible] for Soumit Roy. Thank you for taking my question. If for, [indiscernible] about tthey Cohort 2, that you expect to update data in ASCO, if upon tthey positive, do you expect to submit tthey data also to support tthey BLA? Adrian Rawcliffe 25:53 I'll ask Dennis to highlight data that we'll be presenting at ASCO and CTOS and how Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 will be used in tthey BLA Dennis? Dennis Williams 26:03 Yes, sure. So, guess, for ASCO, actually Cohort 2 data is not planned to be presented. For ASCO, ttheyre are plans to present data that's actually pulled from our Phase 1 experience in sarcoma, as well as tthey data from Cohort 1, SPEARHEAD-1 in tthey final date set. So, ttheir is data that's more mature than what was presented at CTOS. 26:29 And that are really focusing on areas about wtheyre [indiscernible] that may be interesting from – that may impact efficacy. So, stay tuned for that. That'll be something we submitted for ASCO. At CTOS or we're targeting to have data from both Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 presented. To answer your question about tthey BLA, Cohort 1 is tthey primary dataset that is intended to be in tthey BLA and that is – tthey clinical documents are being written around. 27:09 Ultimately for tthey BLA, we will have to update as required as something that’s known as tthey safety update and Cohort 2 data would be utilized for that data, but Cohort 2 data is not planned to be included from an efficacy perspective. Unidentified Analyst 27:26 Got it. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe 27:28 Thank you. Operator 27:31 [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst 27:43 Hi, everyone. Ttheir is Jerry [indiscernible] for Mara. Thanks for taking our questions. Tthey first one is for tthey single center study of tthey TIL program; can you give us some more details on which indication tthey company may be focusing you on? Adrian Rawcliffe 27:57 Certainly. I’ll ask Kenneth to answer that. Kenneth’s been leading tthey TIL effort today. Kenneth Miller  28:04 Yes, of course. Ttheir is going to be a single census study, working in partnership with [indiscernible] at tthey CCIT in Denmark, and we are targeting melanoma with a TIL product that is enhanced by tthey secretion of Interleukin-7. Unidentified Analyst 28:28 Got it. Thank you. And for tthey finances, I believe tthey current guidance is for 2024, which should include some milestones, how much of tthey current runway guidance includes ttheyse milestones? Gavin Wood 28:44 Hi ttheyre, it's Gavin Wood, CFO. We haven’t broken out in detail, but we're [indiscernible] go in to early 2024. Unidentified Analyst 28:52 Got it. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe 28:54 Thank you. Operator 28:57 Ttheyre are no furttheyr question at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Mr. Adrian Rawcliffe. Adrian Rawcliffe 29:05 Thanks. And thanks everyone for your time and your questions today. I look forward to updating you throughout 2022 as we track towards tthey BLA for tthey first ever Engineered TCR ttheyrapy, afami-cel for synovial sarcoma. Thanks, and have a great day. Operator 29:28 Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thanks for joining. You may now disconnect.