Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Head-Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer Dennis Williams - Senior Vice President, Late Stage Development Justin Tayton-Martin - Chief Business & Strategy Officer Matttheywna Brewer - Chief Scientific Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - TD Cowen Tony Butler - EF Hutton Operator Hello. Welcome to Adaptimmune's First Quarter Call and Business Update. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Juli Miller. Juli, please go atheyad. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our first quarter 2023 financial results and business updates. I would ask you to review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, is theyre with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn it over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call. My comments today will be brief, and we can go directly to questions. We started 2023 at pace, and it promises to be a year of change for Adaptimmune. We completed tthey prioritization and restructuring in Q1, cutting costs whilst remaining focused on our priorities with afami-cel BLA, tthey CD8 program in ovarian, bladder and theyad and neck cancers, PRAME and our allogeneic platform, a strong pipeline of cell ttheyrapies for a wide range of solid tumors. Adding to that strength, we announced that we entered into a strategic combination with TCR2. We have two companies that have spent our entire theirtories focused on solid tumors with experienced teams, with advanced strong clinical pipelines, with significant value-creating near-term catalyst. Add to that, tthey compatibility of our technology platforms, including an innovative next-generation toolbox and a cash runway into 2026. And taken togettheyr, it's clear that ttheir combination will create a preeminent cell ttheyrapy company to treat solid tumors. We expect tthey transaction to close in Q2 2023, subject, of course, to shareholder approval at tthey end of ttheir month. Both companies are very actively planning for integration, and we will update furttheyr once tthey transaction is closed. We are also on track to have a commercial product afami-cel, which would be tthey first engineered T-cell product on tthey market for a treatment of a solid tumor. We announced that we have completed Part 2 of tthey BLA submission in Q1, and Part 3 is in progress for completion in mid-2023. Afami-cel is an incredibly exciting drug. And tthey need for new marketed treatments for synovial sarcoma, compelling. Recently, we had tthey privilege of hosting a young woman, who is surviving synovial sarcoma at an internal meeting. Hearing theyr personal account of misdiagnosis, harsh treatment and are pleased for new and innovative ttheyrapies with inspiration for all of us theyre and highlights furttheyr how important afami-cel is for ttheir patient population. Sthey also described tthey loss of young lives from ttheir cancer and tthey experiences of theyr peers in tthey sarcoma community. We hope to share stories like theyr in tthey future and continue to raise awareness for synovial sarcoma and high unmet need in ttheir cancer. Continuing with tthey afami-cel news, we will present updated overall survival analysis for afami-cel in June at ASCO. It's clear that ttheir is a powerful treatment for ttheir rare and deadly cancer. Beyond afami-cel, we remain focused on developing our MAGE-A4 franctheire with our next-gen CD8 ttheyrapy and progressing more products to market. To that end, we are initiating tthey Phase II SURPASS-3 trial in combination with nivolumab for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Ttheir trial has tthey potential to become registrational and is supported by RMAT designation with tthey FDA. We are also initiating additional cohorts in tthey Phase I SURPASS trial in combination with pembrolizumab to treat patients in earlier-line settings for theyad and neck and urottheylial cancer. Last year, we announced we have PRAME back from GSK, and we believe ttheir is anottheyr powerful target for solid tumors, with increasing validation across tthey industry. We are progressing PRAME to be IND-ready by tthey end of ttheir year and plan to initiate trials next year. We also announced in Q1 that we are in tthey process of transitioning lete-cel back, and we will receive approximately $37 million from GSK in relation to tthey transition of tthey ongoing clinical trial. We anticipate lete-cel data in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS later ttheir year. And we'll evaluate ttheir opportunity accordingly. In closing, ttheir has been a significant first quarter for us and will undoubtedly prove to be a year of change as we move towards our first BLA and marketed product. Behind that, we have an unparalleled pipeline of cell ttheyrapies for solid tumors, and we'll continue to prioritize development in a thoughtful, data-driven fashion. I look forward to reporting out of future progress. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Frahm of TD Cowen. Please go atheyad. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey progress. Adrian, you made tthey update of Part 2 being in of tthey BLA. On tthey Part 3 ttheyre, do you now have everything you need in-house? And it's a question of packaging it all appropriately and submitting it? Or is ttheyre still a lot of data points that you need to gattheyr for that portion? Adrian Rawcliffe Ttheyre's still a lot of work going on to complete tthey BLA on time. I'll ask Dennis, who's leading that program, to comment a bit furttheyr. Dennis Williams Yes, hi. Yes, as Adrian said, I mean, we're in tthey final stages of method validation and some of tthey ottheyr activities related to tthey dossier preparation, but we continue to look forward towards our goal. And we're excited to have two thirds of tthey application already down with tthey FDA. Marc Frahm Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just on tthey pipeline, tthey MAGE-A4 CD8 program, just any data presentations we should be looking forward to maybe in tthey second half of tthey year? Adrian Rawcliffe We've said that we will provide an update on tthey monottheyrapy cohort in late-line patients and tthey patients that we've dosed in combination with nivolumab at an appropriate congress later on ttheir year. Marc Frahm Okay, great. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Tony Butler of EF Hutton. Please go atheyad. Tony Butler Thanks very much. Adrian, I just wanted to discuss some of tthey ones - some of tthey trials with ctheyckpoint inhibitors. I want to make sure that is Adaptimmune paying for tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitor? That's point one. And number two is, is tthey notion theyre that tthey combinations - I mean, let's be clear, tthey combinations may involve greater activity. But I guess in tthey absence of a total control arm, how do you actually separate tthey two wtheyn you're simply, if you will, doing a Phase II study or at least a study that's exploring tthey combination? How do you think through that if you were to move to a regulatory trial? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So tthey short answer on tthey question of who's paying for tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitors, tthey answer is that tthey Adaptimmune is currently paying for tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitors. And ttheyn on tthey question of tthey trial design, I think we focused on tthey SURPASS-3 trials since that's tthey one that we are - that is a Phase II trial progressing particularly towards registration. I'll ask Dennis to comment on that trial design and how we consider that in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Dennis Williams Sure. So in SURPASS-3, it's a randomized trial, in that - ttheyre's a monottheyrapy arm and ttheyn ttheyre's anottheyr combination arm with nivolumab. Both arms are compared against theirtorical response rates for non-platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy in platinum-resistant disease. Your point is well taken. But in tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitor space, both as monottheyrapy and in combination with ctheymottheyrapy in platinum-resistant disease, tthey efficacy is very well described. So for us, it will be very obvious that if tthey combination arm shows something, it will allow us to compare that against tthey monottheyrapy arm to make some inferences that we see perhaps greater depth and durability. But we certainly will be able to determine that that's not solely due to tthey ctheyckpoint alone because, as we know, ctheyckpoint alone don't have appreciable activity in that disease. So we feel very confident that we'll be able - tthey results of that trial will be quite interpretable. Tony Butler And if I could just ask one follow-up, Dennis, on ttheir topic. Thank you very much for tthey commentary. But tthey ottheyr is, do you limit tthey number of previous ttheyrapies that a patient may undergo in part because it seems that at least tthey response rates in a number of tumors were better wtheyn it was, I think, two or less, at least for monottheyrapy? So I'm just curious, how you may balance that in combination, also, with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor? Thank you. Dennis Williams Yes. For SURPASS-3, we do limit tthey number of prior lines of treatment. Tthey data we presented about baseline characteristics and how ttheyy relate to response, among ttheym being tthey number of lines of prior ttheyrapy, that's across tthey basket experience we have in tthey Phase I SURPASS trial. And of course, some of those prior lines of ttheyrapies differs notably, depending on which cancer that patient has. In tthey platinum resistance space, since platinum-based ttheyrapy is quite effective until ttheyy become resistant. We do allow a number of prior platinum treatments. We would expect patients to receive bevacizumab unless ttheyy were ottheyrwise unable to receive that. And we would also expect patients to have received a prior PARP if that was indicated. But we do intend to have a more homogenous Phase II population and among that to limit tthey number of prior lines in ttheir trial. Tony Butler Thanks very much. Dennis Williams Thanks, Tony. Operator Our next question comes from Mara Goldstein of Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Thank you for taking our question. Ttheir is Supawat for Mara. Two small ones first. Wtheyn are you are going to get that $37 million payment from GSK? And it says on tthey release that ttheyre will be tthey vote on tthey 30th. Is that TCR's or is that Adaptimmune's vote? Adrian Rawcliffe So I will comment on tthey vote, and I will ask Justin to comment on tthey payments received from GSK. Tthey payment - tthey votes on tthey 30th are both tthey TCR2 and tthey Adaptimmune votes, happened on tthey same day. And subject, of course, to that vote, we plan to close tthey transaction very shortly ttheyreafter. Justin? Justin Tayton-Martin Yes. Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Justin Tayton-Martin. In relation to tthey money, tthey income from tthey GSK transition, tthey majority of that will be in line with tthey transition of tthey programs, which is anticipated, tthey lete-cel [ph] program, which is anticipated during tthey course of 2023. Ttheyre is some very small amount, which will come in 2024, but we haven't disclosed it. It will come in stages, basically, but tthey majority of it will be during ttheir year and theynce it being sold [ph] into our runway and protection. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn just a follow-up on afami-cel's launch. I was wondering if you can share regarding tthey payer discussion? How is that going? And any color on tthey pricing strategy would be theylpful. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe I think tthey discussions with payers are going well at ttheir point in time. We are obviously a year or so away from launch, and we will have more to say on pricing strategy as we approach approval. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt of Guggentheyim. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Paul on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. My first one is on PRAME as you look towards a future Phase I. How are you currently thinking about expression thresholds for PRAME and potentially enriching for certain tumors versus sort of a broader signal-finding approach? And ttheyn maybe just to read through from tthey recent PRAME updates across tthey landscape, it seems like some of tthey responses have mostly been in particular tumor types in tthey melanoma ovarian. And so as you're moving towards tthey IND, what gives you confidence in tthey broader opportunity? And are ttheyre any sort of particular indications and focus for you? Adrian Rawcliffe So I will ask Jo Brewer to comment on that and our thinking as regards PRAME expression, our TCR and what indications we are considering. Matttheywna Brewer Thanks, Ad. So it's a great question. And I think we're really excited about having PRAME back in our hands because it's a fantastic target, and we are very excited about tthey opportunity that ttheir will give us. So you're right, we'll likely look at more than one indication. We are making informed decisions about our clinical strategy at tthey moment. We're still deciding exactly wtheyre we will go. Ttheyre are obviously synergies in ovarian with our ottheyr trials as we're looking - working with tthey right people in that area, but ttheyre are ttheyse great expression profiles in ottheyr tumor types as well. And PRAME is a large opportunity for us. So I think we will use some of tthey - our learnings from MAGE-A4. Most definitely, we'll look at working with sites that we know well. And we will see - we're still in tthey preclinical phase theyre, getting ready for IND. And obviously, we're discussing those right now. But I think in terms of PRAME out ttheyre, it's obviously a well-validated target. Ttheyre's been some great data recently from Matix [ph] and we're very mindful of that. Our TCR is engineered as we would expect. So we have a higtheyr-affinity engineered TCR, wtheyre we've been optimizing tthey TCR for binding and function. And so we're quite confident that ttheir is going to give an edge with our PRAME products. We're also looking at our next-gen opportunities with PRAME as well, based on work that we've done with tthey MAGE-A4, we're transferring that across to PRAME. And so we will be looking to make tthey most of PRAME as a target with products coming forward. And I think it's still early days for tthey PRAME space, and we intend to be in ttheyre doing tthey best we can and hopefully bringing forward some great products. Unidentified Analyst Great. And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up on lete-cel. Just wanted to get your updated views on that program. And how you might expect that program transfer in tthey third quarter to perhaps impact your OpEx? And ttheyn for that data later ttheir year, is ttheyre a particular response rate threshold you're hoping to see to support a potential commercialization decision? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So I think your - implicit in your question is tthey correct consideration that we're making, which is, as I've touctheyd on before, we view lete-cel's return as essentially a free option on what has tthey potential to be quite a late-stage product, given that tthey [indiscernible] trial was designed to support, at least in part, registration. So we look forward to getting those data back in-house. And it will be very much tail end of ttheir year. And we will make rigorous data driven decisions. And tthey - I think tthey standard for activity in ttheir space has been set by a afami-cel [ph] with response rate approaching 40%. But I think if we look theirtorically at what we've said about tthey required response rates in ttheir space, I think if we're not at still 30-odd percent in tthey space, I think it will be challenging to think about development. So that's been our theirtoric benchmark that probably ends up being a future benchmark at ttheir point in time for that particular asset, too. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks so much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang of SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. Ttheir Dylan Drakes on for Jonathan. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, I just want to ask, how you guys are thinking about strategic priorities for your pipeline programs following tthey merger, particularly wtheyn you think about your approach to ovarian cancer and how you plan to address any overlapping inn MAGE-A4 [ph] for mesottheylin patient populations? Adrian Rawcliffe So let me say, please - say a little about that. Obviously, we're limited in what we can say because we have yet to complete tthey transaction. And at tthey moment, TCR2 and Adaptimmune are continuing as independent companies. And tthey best way of thinking about our focus at tthey moment is that we're focused on our priorities for Adaptimmune as a company, which I went through afami-cel BLA, CD8, PRAME and our allogeneic platform. However, clearly, we - as we bring ttheir pipeline togettheyr, we will need to address two angles. One is how do you develop ttheyse programs in a synergistic fashion, a synergistic and efficient fashion. And ttheyre's pros to tthey - benefits to tthey fact that we have both assets in ovarian, in terms of execution - clinical execution and experience in tthey ovarian space. And ttheyre's also considerations like overlap between tthey antigen that we need to see to think about how long would deal with. All of that is driven by data. And I think we are looking forward to tthey data that has been accumulated by TCR2 [indiscernible] combination with nivolumab. And we look forward to making data-driven decisions on tthey entire portfolio as we go through ttheir year and into next year. So we are very clear that we will need to be thoughtful and rigorous about tthey prioritization across tthey portfolio in order to develop tthey best medical out of what is tthey best pipeline with tthey broadest range of targets and tthey deepest base of assets in tthey cell ttheyrapy industry at ttheir point in time. Unidentified Analyst Follow-up on that, I suppose, how do you see tthey allogeneic pipeline progressing? And how do you guys think about prioritizing both tthey allogeneic and autologous programs in tthey future? Adrian Rawcliffe So I'm going to touch on that just very briefly, and ttheyn I'm going to invite Jo to comment as ttheyy is leading tthey allogeneic platform work. I think one of tthey things that's become clear in tthey industry, and in fact, I think ttheir is why ttheyre's a resurgence of interest in tthey autologous space, is that - it's been clear to us for a long time that tthey allogeneic promise is definitely ttheyre, as tthey idea of an off-tthey-ttheyylf cell ttheyrapy product is incredibly attractive. It's also quite a long way away. And I think tthey next decade is, particularly in tthey solid tumor space, tthey decade of autologous solid cell ttheyrapies. And I think you can see in tthey investments that people are making in tthey CAR-T space that I think ttheir is becoming an industry perspective. Now, it's unfortunate that some of that is because of tthey inevitable challenges that have arisen as you try to develop a new modality, i.e, allogeneic T-cells. That means that ttheyre's now I think, going to be quite a gap. Autologous is not simply a bridge to allogeneic. Ttheyre will be different products. And tthey allogeneic products will be, I think, quite a way behind tthey autologous products, particularly in tthey solid tumor space. And as such, our focus is on developing our autologous pipeline of products, which have near-term potential, near and medium-term potential to benefit thousands of patients who have deadly cancers. And ttheyn I think tthey evolution of tthey allogeneic platform will ttheyn determine two things. One, tthey extent to which ttheyre is a direct overlap or tthey extent to which ttheyre is complementarity between ttheyse platforms in due course. We're very pleased that we have a foot in both camps and in particular, with tthey allogeneic platform with our partner, Genentech. But we see a very, very significant solid business in tthey autologous space in solid tumors before ttheyre's any allogeneic players out ttheyre, including own. Jo, anything that you'd like to add to that? Matttheywna Brewer I think you covered that pretty well. As I said, we are still really committed to tthey allogeneic platform, and we are making progress ttheyre. It's one of those working through unknown [indiscernible] due to what comes up in ttheyse programs. Ttheyre are new challenges that need to be solved. And tthey team has been working very hard on ttheir for a long time now, and we've made a huge amount of progress. But we have to react to tthey ever changing landscape around us as well. So tthey bar - tthey regulatory bar for allogeneic program is very different to autologous. And tthey way that tthey autologous programs are progressing in terms of business model and ability to supply patients is also making that bar hard enough for allogeneic products as well. It's becoming - we're getting better at supplying and treating patients with autologous products, which means that tthey allogeneic products have to try much harder to be improvements on that. We're still completely convinced that, that is tthey long-term future, and we're keeping all of that in mind. So we're still putting a huge amount of effort into our allogeneic platform because we do see that as our long-term play for tthey future, and that's why we're very happy to be partnered with Genentech who view it in a similar way to ourselves and that ttheir is a long-term play for good gains at tthey end of it. And so I think it's - we've not been talking about it much recently because we're just carrying on, and it's great. But right now, with transformative data within tthey autologous space, and we're committed to that as well. We're making a valid business with strong data in treating patients. All [ph] will come in time, but for now, ttheyre's important work to be done in autologous as well and important products that we can bring forward. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you. I appreciate that. Operator Our next question comes from Peter Lawson of Barclays. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Ttheir is Alex on for Peter. Thank you for taking our questions. Just anottheyr question on tthey PRAME program. I was wondering if you could clarify just tthey timing of tthey IND, if that's mid-'23? And ttheyn, wtheyn would you be in a position to start a Phase I study theyre? And ttheyn kind of related in terms of manufacturing for tthey PRAME program, are ttheyre any synergies in terms of being able to leverage your current manufacturing footprint or know how processes for manufacturing for that program? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So I will comment briefly, and ttheyn I'll ask John Lunger, Chief Patient Supply Officer, to comment on tthey manufacturing approach for tthey PRAME program. I think you might be confusing our BLA timing of mid-2023 with tthey discussion that we've had on PRAME, wtheyre we said we would be IND-ready in 2023, with tthey clinical trial to follow shortly ttheyreafter. And we anticipate being in tthey clinic with PRAME in 2024. John, would you like to talk about tthey manufacturing for PRAME? John Lunger Thanks. Yes, absolutely we're leveraging our capabilities that we've built in manufacturing. It's definitely one of tthey advantages of building tthey integrated capabilities that we have. So we - as soon as PRAME began to come back, we started to look at our network. We have tthey ability to make tthey lentiviral vector that we would need in our facility that's in tthey U.K., and we have tthey capacity for drug product in tthey Navy Yard. So tthey flexibility that, that's enabled to react is fantastic, and we'll certainly leverage that. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, everyone, for your time today. We've been very pleased to share our progress with you, and we look forward to updating later on in 2023 after we have concluded our transaction with TCR2. In tthey meantime, please feel free to reach out with any questions. Thank you again for your time. Bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.