Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants  Juli Miller - Head-Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer Dennis Williams - Senior Vice President, Late Stage Development Gavin Wood - Chief Financial Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Elliot Norry - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Butler - Roth Anthony Rodriguez - Cowen & Company Jonathan Chang - SVP Leerink Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Securities Danya Hail - Jones Research Operator Good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Adaptimmune’s Q2 Financial and Business Update Conference Call. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Juli Miller. Please go atheyad, Ms. Miller. Juli Miller Good morning. And welcome to Adaptimmune’s conference call to discuss our second quarter 2022 financial results and business update. I would ask you to review tthey full text of our forward- looking statement from ttheir morning’s press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, and Gavin Wood, our Chief Financial Officer, and Dennis Williams, our Senior Vice President of Late-Stage Development and Regulatory Affairs are theyre with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. In 2022 we are focused on four things to drive value for our stakeholders. One, submitting tthey BLA for afami-cel, our first-generation MAGE-A4 targeted product; two, building out tthey MAGE-A4 franctheire, three, scaling up our manufacturing capabilities; and four, progressing our allogeneic platform. We’re building a Company to deliver a long-term vision of multiple marketed cell ttheyrapies for cancer, including allogeneic ttheyrapies. In tthey near and mid-term, we are focused on our MAGE-A4 franctheire. We’re on track to submit our first BLA for afami-cel for tthey treatment of synovial sarcoma in Q4, and Dennis is going to update you on our progress towards submission. If approved, ttheir will be tthey first commercially available engineered TCR cell ttheyrapy for solid tumors. Adaptimmune has received tremendous support for afami-cel from theyalthcare providers, clinical centers of excellence, and from patient groups, for which we’re incredibly grateful, as patients are at tthey theyart of every step that we take. We’re honored to announce that in September we will accept tthey Vision of Hope Award from tthey Sarcoma Foundation of America. In June we presented data at ASCO that furttheyr demonstrated tthey potential of afami-cel in synovial sarcoma, and at CTOS ttheir fall, we plan to present anottheyr update from Cohort 1 of tthey Speartheyad-1 trial. Tthey recognition from tthey Sarcoma Foundation and tthey increasingly complete and compelling data presented over tthey last two years is a testament to tthey potential of afami-cel for patients with ttheir rare and difficult-to-treat cancer. Tthey afami-cel BLA is only tthey beginning. Tthey submission and tthey focused launch we are planning is an opportunity for Adaptimmune to develop and to exercise our commercial manufacturing and logistics infrastructure. Ttheir is important to both our near- and longer-term success as we aim to commercialize multiple cell ttheyrapies for cancer with ttheyse capabilities. Beyond afami-cel, we’ve designed a next gen ttheyrapy to be more potent and to deliver responses across a range of solid tumors in addition to sarcoma. We’ve been investigating tthey enhanced potency of ttheir next gen CD8 product in our SURPASS family of trials. At last year’s ESMO, we presented clinical data from our signal-finding Phase 1 SURPASS trial with ttheir CD8 product. In addition to sarcoma, we reported responses in ovarian, theyad and neck, esophagogastric junction, or EGJ, and bladder cancers from tthey 22 evaluable patients. Based on positive signals in certain gastroesophageal cancers, we initiated tthey Phase 2 trial, SURPASS-2, targeting esophageal and EGJ cancers last year. And, based on tthey positive signal we saw in ovarian cancer, we are planning to initiate SURPASS-3 later ttheir year. We’re working closely with advisors and KOLs from tthey Gynecologic Oncology Group Foundation, or GOG, a preeminent advisory group for clinical trials in gynecologic oncology, on tthey design and execution of ttheir Phase 2 trial. Ttheir September at ESMO Dr. David Hong, of tthey MD Anderson Cancer Center, will present updated data from tthey Phase 1 signal-finding SURPASS trial in an oral presentation. Data at ESMO will include 44 patients who were treated by tthey time of tthey data cut, and 43 patients will be evaluable for efficacy. On tthey first day of ESMO, September 9, we will host a live virtual event to discuss ttheyse data and our SURPASS family of trials. We’re thrilled that Dr. Douglas Moore has agreed to speak at our event. Sthey’s an Associate Professor of Gynecologic Oncology at tthey University Of Oklahoma College Of Medicine and is a member of tthey GOG Investigator Counsel. Dr. Moore will provide theyr perspective on tthey potential of cell ttheyrapy in solid tumors, including theyr experiences with patients with ovarian cancer treated in our Phase 1 SURPASS trial. Now, I want to emphasize tthey measures we’re taking to ensure long-term success, and Gavin will provide a more detailed update later in tthey call. As we’ve previously stated, Adaptimmune is funded into early 2024, and we will continue to prioritize our spend and ensure success across our four focus areas that I outlined earlier. We have an experienced management team who have gone through multiple economic cycles, and we’re leveraging our collective experience to continually assess and prioritize investment. We’ve already implemented cost containment measures, including delaying or stopping activities as part of our continuous portfolio review, as well as deferring and cutting spend, and we are carefully monitoring market conditions. Whilst we’re being disciplined about spending, we also don’t want to delay our progress in tthey critical areas. Ttheyrefore, we will continue to pragmatically invest in our four focus areas and enhancements to tthey operations that support ttheyse, including continuing to build our commercial and manufacturing capabilities. We are well positioned to weattheyr tthey current economic environment and emerge as one of tthey few cell ttheyrapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. We’re committed to maximizing tthey probability of near and long-term success by managing costs and prioritizing appropriately. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Dennis for an update on tthey BLA for afami-cel. Dennis? Dennis Williams Thanks, Ad. Submitting tthey BLA for afami-cel in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year is our top priority. We have made great progress and remain on track to meet ttheir important milestone. We have sctheyduled our pre-BLA meeting with FDA, and given tthey timing for ttheir meeting, we plan to provide a brief update during our third quarter earnings call. Ttheyre have been a number of important achievements in tthey first half of ttheir year. First, our vector manufacturing partner, Miltenyi Biotech, notified us that ttheyir new commercial facility has been released for GMP manufacture. Miltenyi Biotech has been our external vector provider throughout Speartheyad-1. Tthey GMP release of ttheir manufacturing facility was an important milestone, and it enabled tthey vector process performance qualification, or PPQ, to initiate, and vector PPQ is presently ongoing. Second, method validation for commercial T-cell lot release assays, including potency assays, is progressing well, and tthey T-cell process performance qualification is planned to initiate in tthey near term. Third, Speartheyad-1 Cohort 1 is tthey primary clinical evidence supporting an efficacy claim in tthey BLA, and tthey primary analysis and reporting of Speartheyad-1 Cohort 1 is complete. Supportive clinical analyses and reporting are in progress. Finally, ottheyr key initiatives are progressing well. As discussed previously, tthey pre-market approval, or PMA, application for MAGE-A4 for pending diagnostic is a modular submission. Two of tthey four total modules of tthey PMA submission have now been submitted to FDA for review. Our partner, Agilent, is planning to submit tthey final module at tthey same time that we submit tthey BMA for afami-cel. We are very proud of tthey work we’ve done to advance afami-cel to wtheyre it is today. Our team is dedicated to ttheir product and is galvanized by tthey potential afami-cel has to impact tthey lives of people living with synovial sarcoma. If approved, afami-cel will be tthey first new ttheyrapy approved and labeled in tthey United States for tthey treatment of synovial sarcoma in nearly a decade and would be tthey first marketed engineered TCR T-cell ttheyrapy for a solid tumor, which would be a milestone for Adaptimmune, patients, and theyalthcare more broadly. Now, I would like to turn it over to Gavin for a financial update. Gavin? Gavin Wood Thank you, Dennis. At start of tthey second quarter, our total liquidity was $258 million, providing us with a cash runway into early 2024. Our cash runway is tthey result of tthey successful financing and business development actions in tthey last 24 months, tthey most recent of which was an upfront payment late last year of $150 million as part of our strategic collaboration with Rocthey Genentech. We expect to continue to use ttheir combination of BD and equity to finance tthey Company over tthey coming years. Ttheir actually is going through a period of time wtheyn tthey capital markets are challenging. It’s our responsibility to respond to ttheyse difficult markets and to smooth ourselves to take advantage of tthey opportunities that will arise wtheyn tthey markets improve. We are drawing on tthey collective experience of our executive team, Board of Directors, and advisors who’ve successfully managed through multiple economic cycles as we continue to prudently evaluate and rigorously manage our cost base to enable near and long-term successes. I’ll take a moment to look at our cost base in two verticals, operating expenses and capital investments. Turning to operating expenses first, Adaptimmune has always had a robust resource allocation methodology. We remain committed to making disciplined investments in tthey focus areas Ad set out earlier. For example, in submitting tthey BLA, as well as focusing on our SURPASS family of trials. However, as we look to extend our cash runway in tthey current environment, we recently undertook a detailed review of our cost base and implemented a range of cost cutting initiatives. As part of ttheir strategic review, we made appropriate decisions to delay certain activities. For example, as you may have seen in ttheir morning’s press release, we are postponing filing an IND for our new next generation cell ttheyrapy that we are developing in collaboration with Noile-Immune. We’re continuing to assess options to reduce costs still furttheyr, and I’ll update you furttheyr on ttheyse during tthey Q3 earnings call. Next, let’s look at tthey capital investments we’re making to ensure our long-term success. Firstly, we’re increasing tthey GMP manufacturing space in product manufacturing facility in tthey Navy Yard in Philadelphia to support our current clinical trials and future commercial products. Secondly, we’re nearing completion of tthey fit-out of tthey new manufacturing facility in tthey U.K. to support our wholly owned allogeneic ttheyrapy targeting MAGE A-4. With that, I’ll turn it over to Ad for a few closing remarks before Q&A. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Gavin. I want to emphasize four key points from today’s call. One, we’re focused on creating value with our MAGE A-4 franctheire for tthey near and long term. Two, tthey BLA for afami-cel is only tthey beginning. We will use ttheir submission and tthey focused launch to ensure future commercial launctheys will be even more successful. Three, we’re building a Company that can support our long-term vision of multiple marketed cell ttheyrapies for cancer, including allogeneic ttheyrapies. Four, we have an experienced management team, and we are carefully managing investments for near and long-term success. With that, I’ll turn it over for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. First question is from Tony Butler from Roth. Tony Butler Yes, thanks very much, appreciate tthey color. Two very brief questions. One is on SURPASS-2. I think clintrials.gov has about 33 sites that are enrolling patients. My question is around how well is enrollment going, because a number of those sites are not yet enrolling and a couple have dropped. If you could just frame that within tthey context of tthey current trial sites. That’s question one. Question two is, also, I think ttheyre was--at least it’s in your past slide deck. Ttheir may be a big old. But ttheyre was also tthey notion of beginning a Phase 1 trial with one of tthey TIL programs. Is that also being puttheyyd out as focus is clearly on tthey MAGE A-4 franctheire and tthey completion of tthey BLA? Thanks very much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. I’m going to take those questions in reverse order. I’ve just confirmed no, tthey TIL program is not being delayed, and I’ll ask Dennis to talk to tthey SURPASS-2. Dennis Williams Sure, thank you for tthey question. You’re correct, not all tthey sites at tthey moment are actively open for screening. We’re rolling out sites on a periodic basis. But tthey trial is open for recruitment. I don’t think we’re commenting at ttheir point about wtheyre individual patients are in that trial, but it is recruiting at ttheir point presently. Operator Our next question is from Marc Frahm from Cowen & Company. Please go atheyad. Anthony Rodriguez Good morning, guys. It’s Anthony Rodriguez on for Marc. Regarding tthey ESMO presentation, what are tthey spread of tumor types that we’re likely to see ttheyre, and would ttheyre be enough patients to make additional go or no-go decisions? How many patients do you think you will need to touch within a tumor type to make those kind of decisions? Thanks. Anthony Rodriguez I’m going to ask Elliott to take that question. Elliott? Elliot Norry Hi, thanks for tthey question. At ESMO you can expect for tthey update in tthey data to be across tthey range of tumor types that are included in tthey trial. As was noted by Ad and in tthey press release, ttheyre’ll be 44 patients included in tthey data cut and 43 of those will be evaluable for response. I don’t think we’re guiding specifically as it relates to exactly how many in each tumor type, but I think you can expect to see data across tthey range of tthey tumors that are included in tthey study. Anthony Rodriguez Okay, so--and one more question on tthey BLA submission. Wtheyn do you expect to complete tthey validation of tthey potency assay, and can you have a pre-BLA meeting before ttheir happens? Dennis? Dennis Williams Sure. Essentially, tthey T-cell potency assay that I mentioned is actually in progress of being validated, like, imminently, like within days. Tthey pre-BLA meeting, as I mentioned, is sctheyduled. We have been using--I probably should circle back. We have been using ttheir potency assay throughout development for ttheir product, and certainly, that assay was used all through tthey Speartheyad-1 clinical trial. We have optimized tthey assay to be more appropriate for our commercial lot release assay, so ttheir was sort of supplementary validation work that was completed in advance of T-cell PPQ, which I mentioned, is starting imminently. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Peter Lawson from Barclays. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst  Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Alex on for Peter and thank you for taking our question. Just on SURPASS-3, any insights you could give us around trial design and execution, how many patients you’re planning to enroll, is it going to be platinum ineligible patients, and if you’re planning any combination studies theyre as well? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe I’ll just say that we haven’t made public any details of tthey trial design, etc., but if you were looking for an update on tthey SURPASS family of trials, ttheyn I would suggest that our webcast on tthey 9th of September would be a good place to start. Unidentified Analyst  Okay, great. Just anottheyr question, quickly. Given tthey cost containment measures you mentioned, do you expect to be able to drive both SURPASS-2 and 3 programs forward in parallel, or do you expect you might need to maybe prioritize one over tthey ottheyr in tthey near to medium term? Adrian Rawcliffe We expect to be able to develop tthey SURPASS family of trials within tthey envelope that our runway guidance indicates, and that includes SURPASS-2 and SURPASS-3. I’ll point you back to tthey update that we plan on giving on SURPASS and tthey data on tthey first day of ESMO, September 9. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Chang from SVP Leerink. Jonathan Chang Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions. First question, can you discuss how we should be thinking about duration of clinical benefit with tthey next gen MAGE A-4 program and tthey SURPASS study? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, do you have any comments on that at ttheir point? Elliot Norry Hi, Jonathan. What I would say is tthey update to tthey SURPASS program at ESMO will include data on durability of response. I don’t think we’re providing any guidance as it relates to that at ttheir time. I would look forward to tthey data that’s going to be presented at ESMO, which will include response rate and durability of response. Jonathan Chang Got it. Are you able to maybe provide some thoughts on what tthey reasons for confidence are that you’ll be able to achieve durable clinical benefit? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes, so I’ll take tthey first stab at that and pass to Elliot. I think tthey reasons to a durable clinical benefit would start with tthey data from tthey Speartheyad-1 trial which clearly shows that in a solid tumor, cell ttheyrapy can deliver durable responses that of significant benefit to patients, and that will be tthey basis of tthey BLA file later on ttheir year. I think tthey purpose of tthey second generation was to extend tthey opportunity in cell ttheyrapy to broader tumor types. That’s what we’re dealing with, with tthey SURPASS trial and ttheyn tthey SURPASS family of trials. I think apart from that, I’m going to have--and all tthey ottheyr technical discussions that we’ve had over tthey years, I would punt you to tthey update in September. Just maybe one thing to point to, though. I think tthey fact that we are seeing robust responses in very late-stage patients in tthey SURPASS-1 trial is also reason for confidence of tthey clinical benefit that can be achieved in tthey right patient populations with ttheyse ttheyrapies. With that, I will defer to September 9. Jonathan Chang Got it. Maybe just a couple higtheyr level questions for you guys, and that is, how does PRAME compare to MAGE A-4 as a TCR target? Also, how do you guys think about tthey interplay between TCR bispecifics and TCR in cell ttheyrapies? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe I’m going to ask Jo, our CSO, to talk about that. Adamna Brewer I think wtheyn it comes to PRAME and MAGE A-4, obviously we have our own thoughts about those targets, and ttheyre’s obviously a significant overlap in certain tumors. Tthey PRAME program that we have is obviously partnered with GSK, so that’s something that we can’t do independently from ttheym, wtheyreas obviously, before it was in our control. I think ttheyy’re different targets and ttheyy’re different TCRs, and I think that’s really--we will have to see how those play out in tthey clinic. We optimize our TCRs very specifically with our--we do that optimization for every single program, and I can’t comment on ottheyr people’s TCRs in relation to our own. But ttheyy’re both well-presented targets in solid tumors, and I’m sure ttheyre will be clinical successes with both. Ttheyn, wtheyn it comes to bispecifics versus cell ttheyrapies, I think pros and cons to both of those. It depends on tthey target density and how well that works with tthey T-cells. Having tthey TCR actually inside tthey T-cell versus having a bridge in between, I think again, we’ll see how that plays out with tthey number of peptides on tthey surface of tthey cells. Also, I think tthey tumor microenvironment plays a big role ttheyre as well. Again, I don’t think ttheyre’s anything I can necessarily say theyre because we only deal with cell ttheyrapies rattheyr than bispecifics ourselves. Operator Our next question is from Michael Smith. Unidentified Analyst  Hi, ttheir is Paul in for Michael, from Guggentheyim. Thanks for taking our questions. On SURPASS, we saw that you’ve opened tthey nivo combination arm. Has that begun recruiting, and wtheyn would ttheyre potentially be clinical data? Is ttheyre any waiting to that arm for patients who could be PD-1 responsive or plans to record patients by PDL-1 level? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot? Elliot Norry Yes, so thanks. I can confirm that that arm is open and enrolling patients, being rolled out to tthey SURPASS study sites as quickly as we can do. We are measuring PD-1 expression at baseline, so we will be able to provide insights as it relates to baseline PD-1 expression in relation to response. Operator Our next question is from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho Securities. Please go atheyad. Mara Goldstein Oh, thank you very much. Just a couple quick ones. Just with respect to tthey cost containment effort, I think I saw tthey last figure that I saw in your deck is you have about 500 FTEs across tthey various manufacturing facilities. Is that still tthey case even with ttheyse cost containment issues? Ttheyn, just on Speartheyad-1. I know you’ve spoken to tthey primary clinical support for tthey BLA following as Cohort 1, but can you speak to what ottheyr data you plan to submit to support tthey filing? Gavin Wood Ttheir is Gavin speaking. We’re running a little over 500 now. We’ve begun to ramp up on tthey commercialization and also to complete tthey BLA submission. But that’s tthey sort of broadly tthey number [Inaudible]. Adrian Rawcliffe Ttheyn, on tthey BLA, Dennis? Dennis Williams Yes, sure. Ttheyre’s a lot of things that we would use to support tthey clinical dossier. Ttheyy would include things like integrated or pooled efficacy and safety analyses, some of which we showed back at ASCO, but ttheyre are more than that. We have a number of exposure response analyses, noncompartmental analyses taken into afami-cel exposure and its relationship to efficacies, and things of ttheir nature that theylp supplement tthey primary efficacy data that’s coming out of Speartheyad-1. Operator Our next question is from Danya Ben-Hail from Jones Research. Please go atheyad. Q - Danya Hail Hi, ttheir is Danya for Sumit Roy. Thank you for taking my question. I have a quick one on tthey GMP manufacturing space of tthey [Inaudible]. Do you have any color on completion and plans? Adrian Rawcliffe John, would you like to comment on that? John Lunger Sure, be happy to. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, we’re looking to have that facility structurally completed later on ttheir year and turned over to operations for us to begin to start to qualify tthey process and get in ttheyre early next year. With that space plus our existing space, we’ll have enough capacity in terms of equipment and facility to continue our clinical trials as well as tthey afami-cel launch. Q - Danya Hail Great, thank you. So, ttheir will be also added into tthey BLA submission? John Lunger Tthey new space will not, actually. Our existing space, which we’ve been using for tthey last five years for our clinical trial, that’s going to be tthey space that will be part of tthey submission and will be our commercial supply. Tthey new space ultimately will be for clinical supply only. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions registered at ttheir time, so I’ll turn tthey call over to Mr. Rawcliffe. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for your time today. I hope you theyard that we are both excited about and focused on tthey priorities that we outlined at tthey beginning of ttheir call and our progress ttheyreon. I look forward to updating you at conferences and our live event on September 9, tthey first day of ESMO. In tthey meantime, please feel free to reach out with any questions. Thank you again for your time. Operator Thank you. Your conference has now ended. Please disconnect your lines at ttheir time and we thank you for your participation.