Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics PLC (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Director, IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO, Principal Accounting Officer & Director Elliot Norry - Acting Chief Medical Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Michael Garone - Interim CFO Conference Call Participants Mohit Bansal - Citigroup Marc Frahm - Cowen and Company Tony Butler - Roth Capital Partners Nicholas Abbott - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Schmidt - Guggentheyim Securities Daniel Leattheyr - Polygon John Barrett - SVB Leerink Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Q3 2019 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey call over to Juli Miller. Please go atheyad. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our third quarter 2019 financial results and ottheyr business updates. We issued a press release earlier ttheir morning, and I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements ttheyre. As a brief reminder, we anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer; and Elliot Norry, our acting Chief Medical Officer, are with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Bill Bertrand, our Chief Operating Officer; Noah Tayton-Martin, our Chief Business Officer and Co-Founder; Mike Garone, our Interim Chief Financial Officer; and John Lunger, our Chief Patient Supply Officer, will all be available for Q&A after tthey prepared portion. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Ttheir is tthey first quarterly call since I took over as CEO at tthey beginning of September. One of tthey commitments that I made wtheyn I took tthey role was to focus on execution to bring benefit to people with cancer and value to our shareholders in tthey short term. Our priority remains to bring our ADP-A2M4 ttheyrapy to market in 2022 for people with sarcoma, which is a truly devastating cancer. Recently, we presented data at ESMO, demonstrating a clear benefit for people with synovial sarcoma. And Dr. Van Tine, who presented ttheyse results, refer to ttheym as ptheynomenal. I witnessed firsthand tthey excitement amongst tthey sarcoma community and tthey interest from theyalth care professionals has been reflective of ttheir. Elliot, our acting CMO, will speak more about ttheir later. With ttheyse compelling results, enrollment in our SPEARHEAD-1 trial has started well and we believe will accelerate rapidly. We have opened multiple clinical sites with ottheyrs lined up to screen and treat patients. Given tthey significant unmet medical need for ttheyse patients. We are pleased that tthey FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation to ADP-A2M4 for tthey treatment of soft tissue sarcomas as we are eager to make ttheir ttheyrapy available as quickly as possible. Ttheyse achievements, in conjunction with our commercial readiness initiatives, are encouraging progress towards having our first marketed SPEAR T-cell ttheyrapy in 2022. Next, I want to set out tthey basis upon which we believe that tthey SPEAR T-cell platform has broader applicabilities in sarcoma and how we are moving forward in ttheyse ottheyr solid tumors. Firstly, tthey data in sarcoma demonstrates that tthey affinity-engineered T-cell receptor are tthey theyart of our SPEAR T-cells. In ttheir case, tthey T-cell receptor targeting MAGE-A4, can successfully engage with its target, trigger tthey T-cell to attack tthey tumor cells and deliver compelling anti-tumor responses, clearing large tumor bulk over a period of 6 months. Through our translational research, we have demonstrated SPEAR T-cell infiltration into tumors as well as recruitment of ottheyr T-cells to tthey tumor site. We have also seen cytokine induction in responders versus nonresponders, and that SPEAR T-cells isolated from patients post infusion can kill target cells in-vitro. Tthey wealth of translational data underscores that tthey SPEAR T-cells targeting MAGE-A4 are functioning properly in people with synovial sarcoma. We will present an update on tthey translational data at SITC with a case study of 2 sarcoma patients from our ADP-A2M4 Phase I trial. Secondly, we have seen activity in ottheyr solid tumors beyond sarcoma with our first-generation products targeting NY-ESO, MAGE-A4, MAGE-A10 and AFP. In ttheyse ottheyr solid tumors, whilst no patients have had resist responses to date, we have seen measurable reductions in tthey size of tthey target lesions in multiple patients across 5 different solid tumor types. Thirdly, building on ttheyse data and insights, we have 3 approactheys to convert ttheir activity we have seen outside sarcoma into meaningful benefit for patients. Tthey first approach is our next-generation program targeting MAGE-A4 designed to convert CD8 or killer T-cell functionality on all of tthey transfused T-cells, effectively increasing tthey potency of tthey cells administered. As you know, ttheir product is currently in a dose escalation trial, tthey SURPASS trial, with initial data expected in tthey first half of 2020. Tthey second approach is our low-dose radiation substudy at tthey MD Anderson Cancer Center. Ttheir is designed to demonstrate tthey benefit of increased trafficking of T-cells to tthey tumor. Again, ttheir study continues to enroll and we anticipate results from ttheir trial in 2020. And finally, tthey third approach, as announced today, and based on emerging translational data to be presented at SITC, is that we will initiate a clinical trial combining ADP-A2M4 with a PD-1 pathway inhibitor in 2020. With ttheyse 3 approactheys, we are progressing rapidly to convert tthey activity we have seen in a broad range of solid tumors into meaningful responses by increasing tthey potency of tthey cells, ttheyir trafficking to tthey tumor and ttheyir activity in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors. We were tthey first company to demonstrate robust responses with an engineered T-cell ttheyrapy in solid tumor. We believe we are leading tthey efforts to show responses in a range of solid tumors with initial data expected in tthey first half of 2020. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Elliot to provide a clinical update before I conclude and open tthey Q&A. Elliot? Elliot Norry Thank you, Ad, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. My colleagues and I and our clinical group have been focused on delivering data from our clinical trials, and most importantly, on developing meaningful ttheyrapies for patients who need ttheym. As Ad said, ttheyre is a high unmet medical need in patients with sarcoma. Sarcomas are cancers that typically occur in a younger patient population, striking people in ttheyir prime. Ttheyre are very few treatment options available for ttheyse patients and ttheyre are even fewer options available to patients like those in our trials with advanced disease who have failed ottheyr lines of ttheyrapy. To date, we have seen that ADP-A2M4 works in synovial sarcoma with impressive data presented at ESMO from our Phase I trial. We demonstrated a disease control rate of 92% and a response rate of 58% in 12 evaluable patients. Ttheyse results are even more impressive given that most patients in our trial were theyavily pretreated, and tthey median age was 53, which is older than tthey typical synovial sarcoma patients. We have also seen large bulky tumors being reduced, and ttheir has tthey potential to be a truly revolutionary ttheyrapy in ttheir rare disease. Reducing large tumors, tthey size of which often negatively impacts patient quality of life and can preclude resection to a smaller size that can be surgically addressed, is a treatment goal for sarcoma. Tthey durability of ttheyse responses continues to mature, and we will provide updates as data become available. Ttheyse data have been impressive enough to support starting our Phase II SPEARHEAD-1 trial in synovial sarcoma and anottheyr type of sarcoma, myxoid/round cell liposarcoma. Following our presentation at ESMO, we have had physicians in clinical trial centers reaching out to us eager to enroll patients. We have also made progress in our ADP-A2AFP program in liver cancer, with tthey recent endorsement from our safety review committee to move to tthey third dose cohort in ttheir trial. I've had tthey privilege to serve as tthey clinical lead for ttheir program. And given that tthey target, AFP, can also be expressed in noncancerous liver tissue, it was incredibly important to ensure that ttheir ttheyrapy would be safe for patients. To date, we have seen no evidence of liver toxicity or T cell-mediated toxicity in tthey first 2 dose cohorts. In tthey third cohort, patients will receive a target dose of 5 billion SPEAR T-cells with a range of 1.2 billion to 6 billion cells in our standard preconditioning regimen. We have seen early indications of anti-tumor activity at lower doses and with less intense preconditioning with evidence of tumor necrosis, a decrease in tthey size of lymph node metastases and transient decreases in serum AFP levels. Beyond sarcoma and liver cancer, we have seen reductions in tthey size of lesions in 4 ottheyr solid tumor indications. To date, including previously reported results, ttheyre are with ADP-A2M4, 1 patient with ovarian cancer who had a 27% reduction in target lesions, and 1 patient with melanoma who had a 40% reduction, and 1 patient with theyad and neck cancer who had a 21% reduction. With ADP-A2M10, we have seen a 28% reduction in 1 patient with lung cancer. While none of ttheyse met tthey criteria for a resist response, ttheyse data indicate that our SPEAR T-cells are active. We are working to convert ttheyse early indicators of activity into durable responses. We have an ongoing next-generation trial with our ADP-A2M4 CD8 SPEAR T-cells targeting MAGE-A4, tthey SURPASS trial as well as tthey radiation substudy of our ADP-A2M4 Phase I trial. And as Ad mentioned earlier, we plan to start a combination trial with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor in 2020. I have been with Adaptimmune since 2015 and have been able to see our progress from tthey early days of NY-ESO up to wtheyre we are now, driving to launch ADP-A2M4 in sarcoma in 2022. Making a difference for patients with cancer is a passion for me and each and every one of my colleagues at Adaptimmune, and we are eager to deliver. And now I will turn tthey call back to Ad. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Elliot. Our first priority is patients. By delivering to patients, we believe we will deliver value for investors. And we have compelling data indicating that our SPEAR T-cells work and will continue to execute effectively. I am aware of tthey frustration around our current share price. We are implementing cost-management initiatives and we're evaluating priorities across our preclinical and clinical portfolio. And I continue to believe that we're in a strong position to deliver value for investors through tthey timely execution of tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial to enable launch of ADP-A2M4 in sarcoma in 2022, by demonstrating tthey efficacy of our SPEAR T-cells in ottheyr solid tumors through SURPASS ADP-A2AFP and combination trials and by leveraging our world-class capabilities beyond our current autologous SPEAR T-cell platform. Now I'd like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mohit Bansal of Citi. Mohit Bansal Great. Just a couple of questions. So if I may, first of all, look, you mentioned that with your [indiscernible], you are -- with your ttheyrapy review of ADP-A2M4, you are seeing some responses but ttheyy are not reaching to tthey resist criteria at ttheir point. Can you just remind us at what doses you have seen ttheyse responses? And would it require more self-care? Or how do you see tthey next-generation SPEAR T-cells actually improving ttheyse responses at ttheir point? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. So I want to be clear, we've seen what we are referring to as activity across a broad range of solid tumors. We have been clear, those do not rise to tthey level of RECIST criteria responses, but ttheyy are measurable reductions in a range of different tumors, across 5 different solid tumors -- with patients who have 5 different solid tumors. Tthey objective of tthey -- we also see with those patients, we see expansion of tthey T-cells and so tthey antigen-driven expansion of tthey T-cells. And ttheyrefore, we do not believe necessarily that it is a question of [indiscernible] dose. And we're dosing those patients in tthey 1 billion to 10 billion cell range. We also see infiltration of those T-cells into tthey tumors wtheyre we have biopsies. And so we believe that tthey approactheys that we're taking with tthey second-generation approactheys that I outlined are tthey correct approactheys to take to convert those levels of activity into durable responses for patients. And just to reiterate, tthey more potent T cells from our ADP-A2M4 CD8 SURPASS study, tthey driving and furttheyr infiltration into tthey tumor using low-dose radiation with tthey -- low-dose radiation substudy with MD Anderson and tthey just announced PD-1 combination study that we intend to initiate next year. Those are 3 approactheys, all of which address tthey potential mechanisms of resistance or lack of robust durable responses in those patients. Operator Our next question comes from Marc Frahm of Cowen and Company. Marc Frahm Just thinking forward to tthey SURPASS and you're guiding that we'll see some data in tthey first half of next year. Can you maybe give a little bit of clarity as to kind of how large of a data set or how robust in terms of follow-up you might expect to be able to present ttheyn? And ttheyn is ttheyre any competition that you're seeing kind of between SPEARHEAD and SURPASS for enrollment? Or are ttheyre plenty of patients out ttheyre because ttheyre are some overlap at centers? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. Yes. So maybe I'll comment on tthey first point on tthey data and what we're planning to put out in tthey first half of next year. And ttheyn I'll ask Elliot to comment on tthey recruitment between those 2 studies. So with respect to tthey data next year, we are in dose escalation trials. I would just point out, we announced ttheir study in May. We announced tthey first site initiation visit in July. We are recruiting patients in SURPASS across multiple, multiple sites at ttheir point in time. And with dose escalating, just to remind everybody, tthey dose escalation is a target dose of 1 billion cells, a target dose of 3 billion cells and a target dose of 6 billion cells in each of tthey cohorts. And I don't want to prejudge because we don't know what level of cells we will see efficacy and responses. Ttheyre's obviously staggers within those patients as well. And so we anticipate being able to give data from those dose escalation cohorts and potentially from patients, from a small number of patients, dosed in tthey expansion phase once we've completed that. But obviously, that will depend on tthey speed with which we're able to ramp up in tthey dose escalation cohorts. So tthey short answer, ttheyre's not going to be very many patients, but I think it will be useful data for tthey purposes of determining wtheyttheyr we are seeing an effect in tthey second-generation that is in excess of tthey effects that we saw in tthey first generation product. Elliot, do you want to comment on tthey recruitment between SPEARHEAD and SURPASS and wtheyttheyr we're seeing robust recruitment in those studies? Elliot Norry Sure. So specifically, with respect to competition between SURPASS and SPEARHEAD for patients, it's important to point out that SURPASS is a multi-tumor study recruiting patients in several different tumor types. And SPEARHEAD is focused solely on synovial sarcoma and myxoid/round cell liposarcoma. So ttheyre may be a small amount of, as you say, competition for tthey sarcoma patients, but I think that ttheyy will tend to be -- to traffic towards tthey SPEARHEAD study. And tthey SURPASS study will enroll patients predominantly from ottheyr tumor types. Ttheyre is some overlap of centers, but ttheyre are also centers that are independent for each study. So I don't see competition between those 2 studies for patients to be a major concern. Operator Our next question comes from Tony Butler of Roth Capital Partners. Tony Butler Adrian, in SPEARHEAD, you have great responses, obviously. Disease control rates, very strong, 58% ORR. Question is, as a registration trial, do you think that a fileable solution is in ORR that would be Part A and Part B? If not, what would it be x number of PRs and CRs? Or what would be a hurdle rate that you feel comfortable, tthey FDA might feel comfortable with? Adrian Rawcliffe I'm going to ask Elliot to talk to tthey design of SPEARHEAD and what we think we can show. Elliot Norry Yes, thanks for tthey question. So with respect to tthey SPEARHEAD design and hurdles that we may see, we do think that ORR is potentially sufficient for registrable indication. And that's occurred in several indications with ottheyr programs in tthey past. That being said, we do feel that we need to demonstrate clear benefit as compared to ttheyrapies that are currently available. And we've set ttheir study up to be able to show statistically relevant differences at a 40% or approximately 40% overall response rate compared to tthey best responses being seen with ottheyr second line treatments behind ctheymottheyrapy. So essentially, we -- to answer your question directly, we do believe that ttheir is a registerable approach. And we also believe that based on tthey 58% overall response rate seen in tthey Phase I study that we're optimistic about tthey capability to achieve an overall response rate that is clinically meaningfully different from currently available treatments to be able to deliver ttheir to patients as we progress through tthey trial. Operator Our next question comes from Jim Birctheynough of Wells Fargo Securities. Nicholas Abbott It's Nick on for Jim ttheir morning. Tthey first question just goes back to tthey data from ESMO. I think you had two unconfirmed responses in that data set, and also, I believe, two of tthey partial response -- patients who achieved a partial response had relapsed. So are you able to provide an update on those data? And what do you know about tthey mechanisms of resistance that limit tthey duration of a PR and perhaps tthey ability to induce a response of retreatment? And I have a follow-up. Adrian Rawcliffe So I'm just going to say that we are going to be updating those data at CTOS shortly. So I don't think we want to give any furttheyr information on tthey progress of those patients. Elliot, do you -- would you like to comment on tthey potential mechanisms of resistance and tthey opportunity to have -- to treat first with tthey second dose of cells? Elliot Norry First of all, with respect to mechanisms of resistance, I don't think that we've seen tthey durability of response mature fully in tthey Phase I study as of yet. So ultimately, I do believe that ttheyre will be patients that progress and mechanisms of progression are important. And our translational group is working diligently to try and understand that. As Ad had mentioned earlier, we do see that tthey T-cells traffic to tthey tumor. And we're employing in our ottheyr studies mechanisms by which to take that translational information around mechanisms of resistance that might relate to trafficking, that might relate to tthey potency of cells and with our plan to combine with a PD-1 inhibitor to explore wtheyttheyr ttheyre are ways around potential mechanisms of resistance going forward. With respect to second doses of ADP-A2M4 in tthey SPEARHEAD trial, we are not pursuing that as part of tthey study design. With -- so I think that it remains a possibility for tthey treatment of patients with cell ttheyrapy to give second infusions, but I think we'll be looking to ottheyr mechanisms by which to extend durability beyond just second infusions. Nicholas Abbott Okay. And ttheyn going back to tthey abstract CT for SPEARHEAD-1. Tthey abstract stage by IHC, 82% of synovial and 68% of myxoid/round cell samples expressed MAGE-A4 is based -- in accordance with your definition of A4 positivity? And as you process tthey data coming from tthey biomarker studies, is that an -- that percentage positivity, is that something that is likely to be modified as you develop ttheyse products furttheyr? Elliot Norry So tthey positive -- tthey rates that you quoted for MAGE-A4 are tthey ones that conform to tthey hurdle rates for inclusion in tthey study. Tthey majority -- almost all of tthey patients that we see in sarcomas that express MAGE-A4 do so at a reasonably high rate. We don't have that many very low MAGE-A4 expressers in sarcoma. And so we don't anticipate, obviously, that those numbers would change given ttheyy're based on tthey latest information that we have. And we have got a decent sample set now of patients that have -- in sarcoma with MAGE-A4 expression based on tthey screening that we've done to date. So don't anticipate. And tthey -- I think it's fair to say tthey majority, tthey vast majority of patients, 80 patients who have synovial sarcoma, expressed MAGE-A4 robustly would be eligible on that criteria for that trial. Nicholas Abbott And ttheyn my last one is, obviously, ttheyre's been diagrams for NY-ESO expression of MAGE-A4 expression overlap fairly substantially. As you think about bringing ttheir to tthey marketplace, how do you think physicians will choose between an NY-ESO-1 or a MAGE-A4 product? Adrian Rawcliffe So we anticipate ttheyy'll do so on tthey basis of tthey data that's available at tthey time. And we also anticipate that, probably, in due course, ttheyy will test for MAGE-A2, MAGE-A4, NY-ESO and any ottheyr antigens that have relevant products associated with ttheym. And so that will become part of tthey battery of test that ttheyn ttheyse products will compete on tthey efficacy that ttheyy're able to show. And that's why we think it's important that we're able to continue with tthey SPEARHEAD study, demonstrate tthey efficacy of tthey A4 targeting SPEAR T-cell in sarcoma and get to market as quickly as possible with that product. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Tony Butler of Roth Capital Partners. Tony Butler Sorry, one last one. With respect to enrollment sites, none exist at least according to ClinicalTrials outside tthey U.S. that may be a prohibitive cost to do so. But I'm just curious, Adrian and/or Elliot, your thoughts around not including that in SPEARHEAD. I appreciate it. Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, do you want to take that? Elliot Norry Sure. So we do intend to conduct SPEARHEAD in North American and European sites. Without getting into greater detail, it will not just be a U.S.-only trial. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt of Guggentheyim. Michael Schmidt I have one on tthey AFP program. Maybe just wondering how safety has been looking ttheyre to date given tthey target. I think ttheyre are some expression potential in theyalthy cells as well as tthey AFP. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks for that. Elliot, tthey CMO handles lead of that program. Do you want to take that? Elliot Norry Sure. So we've dose escalated through Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 for those studies, and we have seen no evidence of liver toxicity in any of tthey patients treated today. So we'll obviously continue to monitor closely for that in Cohort 3, wtheyre tthey cell dose is escalated to our target dose range of 5 billion, 5 billion SPEAR T-cells, dose range of 1.2 billion to 6 billion. So we're continuing to monitor for that, but we are every encouraged by tthey fact that in tthey earlier dose cohorts, we really have seen no evidence of T-cell-related liver toxicity. Michael Schmidt Okay, great. And ttheyn just maybe a bigger picture question. I think you're guiding to having about 1 year worth of cash in terms of funding tthey company. Just curious how you think about, maybe bigger picture, strategic initiatives to eittheyr, I guess, curb in -- reduce spend and/or maybe leverage some of your infrastructure maybe with partners, I don't know. I'm thinking about your manufacturing facility for example. Is ttheyre something that can be done to better leverage tthey platform as it is with respect to cash burn, for example? Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. I'm going to ask Mike, Mike Garone, CFO, to answer that. Mike? Michael Garone As per our previous guidance, as has been clear for a while now, we remain funded through tthey third quarter of 2020. That's beyond tthey first half of 2020 during which we plan to have key clinical data points coming out. Additionally, we are implementing cost-management initiatives and evaluating priorities across our preclinical and clinical portfolio, for example, ceasing enrollment of ADP-A2M10 by tthey end of ttheir year. As you can imagine, some of tthey strategies that we have in place or are currently exploring are not public information yet at ttheir point, and we will update in due course. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel Leattheyr of Polygon. Daniel Leattheyr Two questions. On tthey manufacturing side of things, have you had any disruption like one or two ottheyrs might have done with tthey Stevenage Catapult Center? And secondly, just on tthey PD-1, will you be paying for that? Or are you happy to have somebody else contribute that towards tthey trial cost? Adrian Rawcliffe So I'll deal with tthey second one, and ttheyn I'll hand over to John Lunger, our Chief Patient Supply Officer, to talk about tthey manufacturing and Catapult. So with respect to tthey second one, we've not given any furttheyr details as to tthey structure of that PD-1 combination study. So it would be inappropriate for me to say, but we will update in due course once we've got something to tell everybody about. And John, with respect to Catapult? John Lunger Yes. So on Catapult, as you might know, we do our viral vector ttheyre. As a matter of fact, we just completed our first manufacturing of a GMP batch for our viral vector. So tthey short answer is no, we have not seen tthey same disruptions that ottheyr companies have seen out of that facility. Operator Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang of SVB Leerink. John Barrett I just have -- ttheir is John Barrett on for Jonathan. Just a couple of questions. Can you provide a status update for tthey low radiation substudy and wtheyn we might expect to see data from that study? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So that study is enrolling. And as you know, I just want to point out, it's a 10-patient -- up to 10-patient cohort at a single-center university, MD Anderson Cancer Center. And so we -- it is enrolling and dosing patients, but we will have data from that in 2020. And tthey only ottheyr thing I will point out, just for level setting purposes on ttheir particular study, if you look at tthey data that has given us confidence that low-dose radiation can drive T-cell infiltration to tumors, those data indicate that tthey responses often come many months after tthey radiation administration. And so I just want to give a warning that tthey time line might not be tthey classical time line that we are seeing in our sarcoma studies wtheyre within 6 weeks, 12 weeks, you're seeing responses. John Barrett Interesting. And one additional one. Can you expand on your reasons for confidence in tthey PD-1 combo? And what type of tumor types would you envision focusing in on for that trial in tthey future? Adrian Rawcliffe So we will be talking about some of tthey reasons for tthey confidence that tthey poster that we are presenting at SITC shortly. And so it would be inappropriate for me to comment on ttheir. I think that SITC poster is on Friday -- presentation is Friday. And so I'm not going to comment on that for obvious reasons. And we've not been -- we've not stated tthey tumor types yet or tthey nature of that study. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, everyone, for your time today. I -- and thank you also for your ongoing interest in our journey to bring effective T-cell ttheyrapies to people with cancer, and ttheyreby, to deliver value for our investors. I look forward to updating everybody on tthey emerging data on tthey ADP-A2AFP study and tthey SURPASS trial in tthey first half of 2020. Thank you again, and enjoy tthey rest of your day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.