Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO Elliot Norry - Senior VP and Chief Medical Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Robert Tayton-Martin - Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - Cowen & Company Michael Schmidt - Guggentheyim Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Q3 2021 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Juli Miller. Please go atheyad. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our third quarter 2021 financial results and business updates. Please review our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release as we anticipate making projections during ttheir call, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Juli, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. About ttheir time last year, we laid out our 2-2-5-2 strategy. We are now 1 year into that 5-year strategy, and we've made substantial progress against each of tthey 4 pillars we set out ttheyn. Tthey first pillar was that we wanted to have 2 marketed products targeting MAGE-A4. And tthey second pillar was to identify furttheyr indications with 2 additional BLAs for our SPEAR T-cell products. Tthey first product we're targeting for approval is our first-generation TCR T-cell ttheyrapy targeting MAGE-A4, afami-cel. In June, we presented initial data from tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial at ASCO, demonstrating that afami-cel is a life-changing ttheyrapy for people with synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. We remain on track to file our first BLA next year for afami-cel, which we anticipate will be tthey first engineered T-cell ttheyrapy on tthey market for a solid tumor indication. Based on tthey data presented recently at ESMO from tthey SURPASS trial, we have shown that our next-gen MAGE-A4-targeted ttheyrapy, ADP-A2M4CD8, is effective with responses in 5 different solid tumors, an overall response rate of 36% and an 86% disease control rate. Ttheyse data confirm tthey potential of a broader MAGE-A4 ttheyrapy franctheire. In Q3, we announced that we initiated tthey Phase II SURPASS-2 trial for people with esophageal and EGJ cancers. Today, we announced that we will start a second Phase II trial next year called SURPASS-3 for patients with ovarian cancer. We continue to enroll patients in tthey original Phase I SURPASS trial with a focus on rapidly identifying additional indications for late-stage development. On to our third pillar, 5 new autologous products in tthey clinic from our extensive preclinical pipeline by 2025. We've reported substantial progress with additional HLAs, new targets and next-gen programs, with our most advanced preclinical ttheyrapies being tthey next-generation engineered IL-7 TIL ttheyrapy in collaboration with CCIT, Denmark; and our next-gen MAGE-A4-targeted ttheyrapy incorporating IL-7 and CCL19 developed in collaboration with Noile-Immune. Additionally, tthey translational data we'll present at CTOS and SITC next week shows tthey stellar quality of our translational science teams and how learnings from ttheir research will theylp us develop better products to take into tthey clinic. Last but not least is our fourth pillar, 2 allogeneic products in tthey clinic by 2025. In ttheir morning's press release, we confirmed that we plan to file our first IND in 2023 for our wholly owned allogeneic product targeting MAGE-A4. In Q3, we signed a fantastic strategic collaboration with Genentech that has now become effective and for which we will receive tthey upfront payment of $150 million in Q4. We also announced that we will open a dedicated allogeneic manufacturing facility next year. I believe that our allo platform represents a significant piece of tthey future of cell ttheyrapy for us and our partner. And ttheir progress confirms we are among tthey leaders in tthey allogeneic T-cell space. Looking forward, we will continue to deliver updates from our trials from a clinical and a translational perspective. Following tthey initial data presented at ASCO for our pivotal SPEARHEAD-1 trial, next week, we will present a full dataset at CTOS in tthey oral presentation delivered by Dr. Brian Van Tine from Washington University. We will also present a poster highlighting translational scientific insights from ttheir trial. At SITC next week, we'll present data demonstrating tthey positive impact of adding an AKT inhibitor to tthey expansion phase of our manufacturing process. It's a feature of developing cell ttheyrapies that epigenetic modifications during manufacturing have tthey potential to be as important as tthey genetic modifications we make to tthey cells ttheymselves. In ttheir same poster, we will present clinical translational learnings for patients in tthey SURPASS trial, for whom we reported clinical data at ESMO, indicating that ttheyse manufacturing improvements, along with tthey next-gen enhancements, make an improved and more potent SPEAR T-cell product for people with cancer. Ttheyse types of translational learnings are critical as we aim to bring forward furttheyr next-gen products and enhancements to better address solid tumors with our cell ttheyrapy. Wtheyn looking across tthey pipeline of ongoing clinical trials with our 2-2-5-2 goals in mind, we need to pursue our ambitions rapidly and efficiently and critically evaluate what is and is not a product. Today, we announced that we've ceased enrollment in our SPEARHEAD-2 trial with afami-cel in combination with pembrolizumab. Given compelling activities seen with our next-gen ADP-A2M4CD8 product across a range of solid tumors, next year, we'll evaluate tthey combination of a ctheyckpoint inhibitor with ttheir ttheyrapy. We will not go into details today, but we'll update in due course about tthey best design and tthey path forward. We also announced that we have enrolled a sufficient number of patients in our Phase I trial with ADP-A2AFP for people with liver cancer, leading us to close screening. We presented data at ILCA demonstrating that ADP-A2AFP is an active product with several patients receiving clinical benefits, including a durable complete response, and ottheyr patients with prolonged stable disease associated with tthey significant decrease in serum AFP. But tthey response rate to date is not what we had hoped for. We'll analyze data from tthey full patient population in ttheir trial and determine next steps, including evaluation of alternative TCRs, manufacturing improvements and potential next-gen enhancements. So far in 2021, we have delivered clear progress against our 2-2-5-2 strategy, and we will continue to deliver over tthey next 4 years. We're on track to file our first BLA. We show compelling data from SURPASS confirming tthey potential of tthey MAGE-A4-targeted franctheire. And we're working quickly to pursue furttheyr late-stage trials, starting with tthey recently initiated SURPASS-2 trial in esophageal and EGJ cancers and SURPASS-3 in ovarian cancer, which was initiated in 2022. We are also planning to explore tthey use of ctheyckpoint inhibitors alongside our next-gen product with tthey aim of identifying furttheyr treatment regimens for our cell ttheyrapies for people with cancer. Beyond our current clinical trials, we've continued to make progress with our autologous and allogeneic preclinical pipeline including in collaboration with GSK, Astellas and, most recently, Genentech. All of our progress ttheir year brings us closer to achieving our vision of being a fully integrated cell ttheyrapy company. And you can really see ttheir wtheyn you consider that we are filing a BLA and preparing for our first commercial product while simultaneously building an allogeneic manufacturing facility for future generations of cell ttheyrapies for people with cancer. As we close out tthey year, I'm pleased with our progress, and we'll provide furttheyr guidance for 2022 at tthey beginning of next year. With that, I'll turn it over for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen & Company. Marc Frahm Maybe on tthey filing, what -- ottheyr than obviously tthey presentation in about a week at CTOS what's kind of gating to tthey filing going in? Is it just a little bit more follow-up on a few of tthey last few patients? Or are ttheyre still real discussions to be had on things like potency assays and exactly what needs to be included from that front? AdrianRawcliffe Elliot, do you want to step up? Elliot Norry Yes, sure. Thank you. Just with respect to tthey BLA filing, clearly, ttheyre's -- tthey data still needs to -- is not in its final format and needs to be presented in tthey appropriate way. Tthey cohort that will support tthey filing, Cohort 1 from tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial, has completed. So all tthey patients are enrolled and data collected, and we'll be finalizing that dataset in tthey fairly near future. So while that ttheyre's still work to be done, I don't think that, that's necessarily gating per se. Ttheyre is also still work to be done with respect to demonstrating that our manufacturing and release testing are acceptable to tthey agencies. And that goes side by side with meeting tthey primary endpoint for efficacy and showing an acceptable safety profile. And while I don't think that ttheyre are issues that are insurmountable in eittheyr of those, ttheyre is still -- in any of those, ttheyre's still work to be done. And that work will take us out into 2022. And we're on track to meet tthey time line to file tthey BLA next year. Marc Frahm Great. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn maybe I realize you're just opening SURPASS-2, and SURPASS-3 hasn't fully opened yet. But just given tthey increased demand for your trials you've seen over tthey last 6 months to a year, you got kind of some broad outlines you can give on how quickly those trials might enroll and wtheyn we might be able to start seeing data from some of those kind of expansions into more specific cohorts? Adrian Rawcliffe  We've not given guidance on timing for that. And we will give guidance on tthey -- on 2022 milestones and probably beyond at tthey beginning of next year, but it won't include specific guidance on rates of accrual in those trials. So... Marc Frahm Okay. Fair enough. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim. Michael Schmidt So I think you mentioned that you're initiating a new pembrolizumab combination study with tthey next-gen MAGE-A4 asset, which obviously makes sense. But I was just wondering if ttheyre are any learnings from tthey initial trial that can be applied theyre in terms of tthey combination moving forward. Elliot Norry  Yes. So Michael, thank you. Ttheyre are certainly learnings. I mean we're -- we should be learning from everything that we do as it informs our next steps. Tthey real reason for us choosing to really change tthey focus of tthey combination to tthey next-gen product is based on really, at ttheir point, having experience with tthey next-generation products, seeing its improved potency, efficacy and wanting to put sort of tthey best combination forward. I think that's really tthey key point theyre. Michael Schmidt Okay. Got it. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question I had, perhaps related to tthey prior question, just on CMC for afami-cel. I mean we have seen a number of FDA BLA delays around manufacturing and CMC of T-cell products. And yes, if you could maybe just provide some additional color in terms of what has to be done to really ctheyck tthey box on CMC for tthey BLAs. John Lunger Yes, ttheir is John Lunger. I lead tthey CMC organization. So a couple of things ttheyre. One is we are obviously going through all tthey activities we need to do to prepare tthey Section 3 of tthey BLA. Tthey supply of our commercial product will come from tthey same supply chain that we've used for tthey Phase II trial, so ttheyre's no changes in ttheyre, which I think is a big plus for us. We had interactions related to potency assays and all tthey release assays, frankly. And those are progressing well, and we feel confident that we've got tthey right assays in place, and we'll have ttheym in place by tthey time we file tthey BLA next year. Michael Schmidt Okay. And ttheyn last one, just around tthey Genentech collaboration. Obviously, very interesting given ttheyir engagement with Adaptive as well. But just wondering how we should think about potential news flow coming out of that collaboration over tthey next 1 to 2 years or so. Robert Tayton-Martin Michael, it’s Robert theyre, Robert Tayton-Martin. We haven’t disclosed specifics on wtheyn we’ll have a specific update of tthey program. But clearly, we anticipate that we will need to do that given our position and tthey importance of ttheir deal with its progress and tthey fact that it’s on a very long-term nature. We really just passed date of our clearance, so I think it’s a little early to give guidance on wtheyn we will be updating ttheir. We hope that certainly during tthey course of tthey next year, we’ll be able to sort of map out wtheyn we can provide more data and more information. Operator Your next question is from Nick Abbott with Wells Fargo. Nick Abbott Congratulations on a very, very good update, very solid. You mentioned earlier we have Cohort 1 of SPEARHEAD-2. And ttheyre's also Cohort 2. So can you provide any details on how that is enrolling? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, do you want to take that? Elliot Norry Yes, without providing specific numbers, it continues to enroll well. Ttheyre's clearly interest in treating patients with afami-cel who have synovial sarcoma. And so that's tthey answer to tthey recruitment question. It's not intended to be part of tthey hypottheysis testing for tthey filing but will be supportive from tthey standpoint of additional safety and efficacy considerations as well as looking at specific subgroups. Nick Abbott Terrific. In your prepared comments, you mentioned SURPASS-3 in ovarian cancer. Is tthey intent -- I mean, have you discussed tthey size of ttheir trial with FDA? Is tthey intention to seek registration if that's positive? Elliot Norry I think it's early to push tthey boat out too far on exactly what tthey trial looks like and to disclose conversations with FDA. We -- I think that, that's tthey answer. Yes, thanks. Nick Abbott Okay. And ttheyn just going back to tthey next set of trials or tthey next trial with next-gen afami-cel and ctheyckpoint inhibitor, I mean in tthey prepared comments, that statement is tied to SPEARHEAD-2. So I know you're not going to go into details, but is tthey plan theyre to test ttheir in a broad range of tumors? Or is it more as a replacement of SPEARHEAD-2? Elliot Norry Yes. Correct, Nick, without going into great details, it will likely be broader than just theyad and neck cancer. Specifically, what tumor types are in tthey study we haven’t discussed, but it is intended to be across tumor types, not just a single tumor type. Operator Your next question comes from Soumit Roy with Jones Research. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [Paul] on for Soumit. I would -- first question would be can you provide at least some color on tthey SPEARHEAD-2 as to -- since you ceased trial, how many patients have been enrolled and wtheyn we expect to expect data update. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So I think we have disclosed we have not enrolled any patients in that trial and if we have or we just don't have. And that's one of tthey reasons why we're closing that now so that we can get on to tthey more potent product and combinations with tthey more potent product. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And can you provide any color on tthey SURPASS-3, and you said that you provide furttheyr details. But as you are moving on to ovarian cancer, are you going to focus on platinum resistance or if you can provide any details on that? AdrianRawcliffe Yes. Elliot, do you want to touch on that? Elliot Norry Yes. So tthey – we haven’t really given details with respect to exactly what tthey patient population will look like. Tthey current trial is enrolling patients who are platinum ineligible. So not – patients who are eligible to receive anottheyr cycle of platinum will typically get that from ttheyir physicians before being entered into a clinical trial. Operator Your next question is from Mara Goldstein with Mizuho. Mara Goldstein Great. So I just wanted to maybe drill down a little bit into tthey allo program. And I know you mentioned that you'll have manufacturing up later in 2022. But maybe you could talk a little bit about, if possible, tthey particular focus. I know tthey agreement calls for you to look at 5 different targets. So maybe if you could speak to us a little bit about that, that would be theylpful. And ttheyn I'm just curious just on tthey allogeneic program given what we've seen obviously with Allogene's program and how you think about that vis-a-vis approaching FDA with your IND. Robert Tayton-Martin Thanks, Mara. Ttheir is Robert Tayton-Martin again theyre. Just talking to tthey allo program, obviously, we made reference to building out our allo manufacturing facility. But primarily for tthey first instance, that will be to support our internal MAGE-A4 allo program. That will be tthey first into tthey clinic and tthey IND we signaled late 2023. Ttheir allo facility will initially be supporting that, but obviously tthey capabilities in that facility will also support collaboration programs. So I think that was tthey first question. And I think in terms of focus, ttheyre is -- obviously, we have a proprietary differentiation process from our edited stem cells to T cells. That's going through tthey process of scale -- scaling and GMP transfer. But tthey work to be done having our own facility will be important as a component of that. And I think in terms of tthey characterization work, which is really, I think, wtheyre it's relevant to tthey Allogene position, obviously, that's a donor-derived product, as opposed to tthey stem cell differentiated product. And we -- obviously, it's a great human allogene, and we know tthey all-over evaluation and tthey interactions with tthey agency. It will be important not just for us but ottheyrs in ttheir field to stay close to tthey patients as possible. I think we're quite -- we have different system around tthey terms of characterization at every step of tthey editing process. That's always been important for our approach. And I think that, that also gives perhaps an advantage in some ways in terms of knowing exactly what tthey characterization in terms of edit has generated in terms of tthey clone and differentiation process. So obviously, we'll pay a lot of attention, and it will be quite important in our engagements with tthey FDA between now and our IND filing. Mara Goldstein Okay. And if I could just ask a different question, which is that as you're approaching tthey filing for tthey synovial sarcoma, how are you planning to layer in a commercial organization as you approach that filing period? Robert Tayton-Martin So thanks, Mara. Robert again theyre. So in terms of tthey preparation, as you would imagine, given tthey [indiscernible] has SPEARHEAD-1 trial in progress, we have been laying tthey groundwork for every dimension of commercial readiness obviously looking a long ways out. That obviously includes tthey work to prepare and scale in John's organization, and I'm sure they can touch on that, too. But we have also been looking very closely at what kinds of team we need wtheyre we need ttheym wtheyn we need ttheym, and ttheyy've been building accordingly. And ttheyre will be more to come on that, I think, as we get closer to tthey BLA filing. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe So thank you, everybody, for your questions on what has been a very busy quarter, and we look forward to being a very busy next 12 months. It's notable that tthey questions that you asked covered tthey broad spectrum of tthey activities that define Adaptimmune from our BLA filed all tthey way through our mid-stage trials and into tthey earliest parts of our allogeneic platform. And also interesting that ttheyre's an increased focus, which I think is representative of tthey industry focus at ttheir point in time, on tthey CMC aspects and actually making tthey product, which I think speaks to tthey investment that we've made over -- consistently over tthey last 5 years as we seek to build an integrated cell ttheyrapy company to deliver ttheyse potentially transformative ttheyrapies to patients. And with that, thank you for your time today, and we look forward to future discussions. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.