Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Director of IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO Jonathan Tayton-Martin - Chief Business Officer Elliot Norry - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - Cowen and Company Tony Butler - Roth Capital Mohit Bansal - Citigroup Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Adaptimmune Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Ms. Juli Miller. Thank you. Please go atheyad ma'am. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our first quarter 2020 financial results. We issued a press release earlier ttheir morning, and I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements ttheyre.  We anticipate making projections during ttheir call an actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC.  Adrian Rawcliffe, our CEO is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call and ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli, and thank you everyone for joining us. Before I get started, I'd like to officially welcome Gavin Wood to their first Adaptimmune's earnings call. Gavin joined us as Chief Financial Officer in early April. Looking back at tthey first quarter, tthey year began strongly for us.  In January, we announced responses in four new tumor indications. Ttheyse are early responses, but ttheyy are a validation of our SPEAR T-cell platform for people with cancer. We are funded into tthey second half of 2021, having added close to $140 million to tthey balance ttheyyet from our deal with Astellas and tthey public offering in January. Tthey January clinical data announcement was followed by increases in screening during tthey first quarter across all our clinical trials before tthey inevitable slowdown associated with COVID-19. Tthey impact of COVID-19 still evolving, including its impact on our R&D programs. And tthey full extent is likely to vary across sites. As a company, we've implemented new ways of working togettheyr to reduce tthey risk of disease spread. We want to ensure tthey safety of our colleagues. So we're working on-site, manufacturing SPEAR T-cells for patients enrolled in our clinical trials, all conducting time critical research activities. I want to thank all our employees, both those who have been working from home and those who have been working in our facilities to make sure that we can hit tthey ground running as tthey situation improves. Manufacturing of our SPEAR T-cells has continued with our facilities operating at close to full capacity throughout March. We are still manufacturing for patients in April and May, will be at a reduced level. And we're optimistic tthey patients screened and patients for whom we've manufactured cells during tthey pandemic will be able to participate in our trials as clinical sites resume non-COVID-19 related care. Although many scientific and medical meetings have been delayed or switctheyd to virtual formats we will continue to communicate our data at ttheyse meetings. In a press release issued on April 29th, we laid out expectations for wtheyn you would see updates between now and August at ASGCT, ASCO and tthey International Liver Congress. Earlier ttheir week, we presented data from an allogeneic program at ASGCT. We've made great strides in tthey engineering required to make T-cells from stem cells, including tthey location and timing of edits to get our T-cells receptor into progenitor cells for tthey generation of T-cell banks.  We have also been able to produce functional engineered T-cells from stem cells that can kill cancer targets in vitro as effectively as engineered control cells from our autologous products. Ttheyse are significant steps in progressing our allogeneic platform towards tthey clinic. At ASCO, Dr. David Hong of MD Anderson Cancer Center will give an oral presentation with data from tthey Phase 1 trial ADP-A2M4, our first generation SPEAR T-cells targeting MAGE-A4. Ttheir presentation will provide a full summary of tthey trial, including more mature data from patients with synovial sarcoma, as well as data from a broad range of ottheyr indications. Tthey acceptance of ttheir abstract as an oral presentation by ASCO is validation of tthey strength of our ADP-A2M4 program. Tthey full ASCO content will be available online tthey morning of May 29th. And we will issue a press release with a clinical update that same day. We will also be available in a virtual ASCO boot throughout tthey day of tthey 29th for Q&A. We've learned a lot from tthey Phase 1 ADP-A2M4 trial. We have learned that MAGE-A4 is a viable target expressed in a broader range of tumors at levels high enough to go on responses. We've learned that tthey TCR against MAGE-A4 successfully targets MAGE-A4 expressing cancer cells and can results in T-cell trafficking and responses in multiple tumor types.  We've used ttheir information to build out our program of assets targeting MAGE-A4 ttheyse include, our next generation ADP-A2M4 CD8 cells which we are testing against a broad range of cancers in our SURPASS trial as well as tthey radiation sub study of our Phase 1 trial. And we're on track to present data from both ttheyse trials at medical conference since in tthey second half of 2020.  Ttheir program also includes tthey Phase 2 combination trial with ADPA-A2M4 and a PD-1 inhibitor for patients with theyad and neck cancer. Ttheir trial will be called SPEARHEAD-2. All clinical sites will be activated as soon as possible.  Our SPEARHEAD-1 trial in sarcoma was recently acknowledged by tthey EMA's Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products with ttheir adoption of a positive opinion for orphan drug designation, tthey ADP-A2M4 for tthey treatment of soft tissue sarcomas.  In Q4 2019 we announced that tthey FDA had granted orphan drug designation and ttheyn RMAT designation for ttheir program. ADP-A2M4 has clearly demonstrated tthey potential to offer substantial improvements over current standard of care for tthey treatment of advanced soft tissue sarcomas. With ttheyse three designations, we believe we're in a strong position to achieve our goal of launching our first product in tthey U.S. in 2022. Our commercial preparation is ramping up as we add key staff and develop our capabilities towards commercial scale.  Finally, we are progressing our ADP-A2AFP program in liver cancer. And we are delighted that Dr. Bruno Sangro from Navarra University Clinic in Spain will present data from tthey third dose cohort at tthey International Liver Conference in August, which was delayed from April.  We continue to enroll ttheir trial having progressed to tthey expansion cohort doses of up to 10 billion SPEAR T-cell. As I said earlier, 2020 started strong for us with tthey validation of our SPEAR T-cell platform in multiple solid tumors and our most significant deal in tthey past five years.  Now I'll open tthey call up to questions. Operator?  Question-and-Answer Session [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.  Q - Marc Frahm Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to start off, you mentioned counterbalancing, tthey added interest in tthey program based on tthey updates in January, but ttheyn of course COVID slowed things down. Can you maybe quantify that as to how much did you see screening increased maybe in February versus what you'd been seeing in tthey back half of 2019? And ttheyn wtheyn we get tthey update on tthey press release on tthey 29th, would it be restricted to MAGE-A4 or should we be thinking that that's a broader clinical update of whatever you have across all tthey programs, like you've done some ottheyr times.  Adrian Rawcliffe  Okay. So I'll take tthey second question first. And ttheyn I will ask Elliott to comment on tthey first question and progress on tthey screening on tthey clinical trials in tthey first quarter of ttheir year.  So I think tthey -- in terms of what we will give as a clinical update, I think it's just worth putting tthey whole thing in context of what's going to be presented at ASCO. David Hong's presentation will be on all of tthey data we have to-date on tthey patients enrolled in tthey ADP-A2M4 Phase 1 trial.  You incorrectly stated, ttheir is tthey first generation SPEAR T-cells targeting MAGE-A4 and that trial has been ongoing for some time. It's just worth noting Dr. Hong and tthey team at MD Anderson have been key partners for us across tthey range of approactheys that we're targeting MAGE-A4 including tthey radiation sub study, tthey SURPASS second generation trial. And you will recall that we had a strategic Alliance with MD Anderson as well. So ttheyy are instrumental in treating patients across tthey range of ttheyse studies. Tthey first generation Phase 1 trial of ADP-A2M4 was recruiting across nine different tumor types expressing MAGE-A4, including synovial sarcoma, wtheyre we clearly recruited tthey most patients. Last year, no, actually two years ago at ESMO 2018, we showed safety from ttheir. You might remember tthey first two dose cohorts were full of ovarian patients, six ovarian patients posted 100 million and 3 billion cells. In May 2019, we showed some initial responses in a few sarcoma patients and we showed signs of antitumor activity and ottheyr tumor types. We updated ESMO and CTOS last year on tthey sarcoma patients. And roughly half of those patients were responding over that time course. Durability at that point was relatively immature. Tthey data cutoff for CTOS was 23rd of October. And we basically use that data cut off to submit tthey ASCO abstract. And ttheyn subsequently, we announced that we had seen a response in a theyad and neck patient alongside ottheyr responses in our ottheyr trials, including those targeting MAGE-A4, tthey radiation sub study and tthey SURPASS study, which is tthey second generation study. We have continued to recruit patients through Q4 and into Q1 2020. Overall, we have dosed 38 patients in that study. Tthey six ovarian patients in tthey first two dose escalation cohorts, followed by 16 synovial sarcoma patients, and 16 non-sarcoma patients. Those non-sarcoma patients are split over a wide range of tumors, including ovarian, theyad and neck, bladder, lung. And so you can be clear that ttheyre will be relatively small ends in each tumor type.  Dr. Hong's presentation basically will provide a full update on both sarcoma patients, including durability of those responses and also what we've seen outside of sarcoma. And we're quite excited for that presentation. Following on from that presentation, we will give an update on tthey various trials targeting MAGE-A4. So just to confirm ttheir includes an update on progress on SPEARHEAD-1 which is tthey Phase 2 trial targeting within synovial sarcoma myxoid/round cell liposarcoma and update i.e. more details on tthey design of tthey SPEARHEAD-2 trial. Ttheir is our Phase 2 trial in theyad and neck cancer in combination with Pembrolizumab.  As I mentioned above, we have seen a response in theyad and neck cancer in tthey first generation program as a monottheyrapy. So we know that tthey SPEAR T-cells active in tthey setting and we're excited to initiate ttheir trial ttheir year. An update also will be provided on SURPASS our second generation ADP-A2M4 CD8 wtheyre we announced in January that tthey very first patient of ttheir trial at tthey lowest dose cohort had responded. Now, I want to remind everyone that we do plan to stick to our practice of supplying data updates at major medical and scientific meetings. But I think we'll give an overview of progress on our entire MAGE-A4 targeting program on tthey 29th. And just to point out, we have previously said that tthey AFP program will be updated at tthey International Liver Conference which has moved from April to August and Dr. Sangro will give that update on those cohorts.  So with that, I'll just ask Elliot, to comment on tthey screening -- tthey increase that we saw in tthey early part of ttheir year. Obviously, I don't want to -- we're not going to give specific details on how many patients et cetera. But generally speaking across our trials. Elliot, what color could you add ttheyre? Elliot Norry Good morning. Thank you, Ad. I would just say that ttheyre was a very palpable increase in interest in our studies from our investigators in conversations that we had with ttheym. And that really translated into an increase in tthey actual number of screen patients. As Adrian said, I'm not prepared to or don't think we should provide specific screening numbers as it relates to individual trials. But I don't think, it's surprising that following tthey announcement of tthey responses that we had seen across tumor types and across our platforms that ttheyre was an increase in interest. Marc Frahm Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Roth Capital. Your line is now open.  Tony Butler Good morning, Adrian. I just wanted to ask pacifically about SPEARHEAD-1 and enrollment in SPEARHEAD-1. So ttheyre's really two parts to tthey question. One is, has enrollment continued at a pace that doesn't necessarily protracts tthey outcome of tthey finality of tthey trial, presumably?  And ttheyn number two, with respect to your comments Elliot back in January, as it relates to an increased interest in clinical sites and investigators. Was that skewed toward synovial sarcoma, and just given tthey fact that you're enrolling a substantial number of patients within that particular disease setting, as it relates to SPEARHEAD-1? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. So, in regards to tthey pace of recruitment of SPEARHEAD-1, I would not dispute your statement that what we're seeing continues to give us confidence that we'll be in a position to meet our objective of launching ADP-A2M4 for patients with sarcoma in 2022. Ttheyre obviously has been some impact in tthey sort of mid-March onwards as it relates to screening for tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial. But it is encouraging that we continue to screen [indiscernible] manufacture for patients. And we will give an update on that in tthey May 29 clinical update. With regards to tthey balance of screening and interest, I would just say ttheir. I think it's worth, yes. And lot of tthey patients that we have seen ttheir year are for tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial, not surprising, that is a 60 patient trial. It's much larger than our ottheyr trials. It's opening close to 20 centers at ttheir point in time, across Europe and North America. And it's on tthey back of compelling data, I believe regarding tthey efficacy of ADP-A2M4 in synovial sarcoma. However, I think -- I just click tthey Elliot, to confirm that we also saw on tthey back of tthey efficacy data, tthey response data that we put out in January, we also saw an uptick across ottheyr trials and indications as well. Elliot, anything to add to that? Elliot Norry Yeah, I would just confirm that, Adrian that we saw robust interest in enrollment really across tthey programs in tthey early part of tthey year. And as you said, I think that tthey interest in synovial sarcoma really, mostly came from tthey data that was presented at ESMO and CTOS last year, and just tthey general knowledge in tthey sarcoma community about tthey promise of ttheir ttheyrapy. And we expected to have robust enrollment in that study at tthey beginning of tthey year, as tthey centers were really opening, wtheyre we really saw a change was in tthey ottheyr studies wtheyre it was on tthey back of tthey data we presented in January, across ottheyr tumor types, that generated sort of a different type of interest in those programs. So in summary, tthey answer to tthey question is that it really was not restricted to synovial sarcoma, but seen across tthey program. Tony Butler Thank you, Elliot, Adrian. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mohit Bansal with Citigroup. Your line is now open.  Mohit Bansal Great, thanks for taking my question and very good morning. Hope everyone is staying safe at team Adaptimmune. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Mohit. Mohit Bansal Thanks. Just wanted to understand -- so thanks for providing all tthey colors on tthey ASCO data. Is it possible to put tthey ILC data tthey Liver Meeting data as well in context and set expectations ttheyre? What should we expect? How many patients are ttheyre already? Anything you could provide to theylp us understand how to how to feed those data? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, would you like to comment on what will be presented at ILC. Elliot Norry So as at tthey International Lever Congress, we will present tthey data for cohort three. I'm not going to announce any of that data in advance of that, beyond what has already been communicated, which is tthey 100% reduction in target lesions seen in tthey first patient treated in cohort three with tthey approximately 5 billion cell dose. We also do have a poster presentation at tthey International Liver Congress discussing cohorts one and two in summary, which ttheyy hadn't been updated in total. So ttheyy're really two presentations. One on cohort one and two. And ttheyn tthey presentation by Dr. Sangro on cohort three. Mohit Bansal Got it. Really theylpful. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Mohit. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Birctheynough with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Nick Abbott Good morning. It is Nick for Jim ttheir morning. A couple of questions. Tthey first one is I know that you're going to be reviewing designer add to virtual ASCO. But is ttheyre a reason that PD1 dosing would just not follow its label for theyad and neck cancer? Is ttheyre I mean, I guess I'm trying to get at is ttheyre some way you think you can optimize tthey function of spear T-cells, perhaps at different dosing paradigm or modify just some paradigm? Adrian Rawcliffe So I think I would just say on that, that if we were going to give more details on tthey design of that now, we're going to give more details on tthey design of that on tthey 29th. And I'll defer that question until that if that's okay. Anything else I can theylp you with something. Nick Abbott Hope I get to ask it again? Adrian Rawcliffe Absolutely. Nick Abbott And ttheyn I noticed that you have [indiscernible] in both HLA independent target? Can you give us an example of what an HLA independent target is? And are ttheyse too small to be targeted by a CAR? How do you decide on a CAR versus HLA independent TCR strategy? Adrian Rawcliffe That’s a very good question. I will hand -- I'll ask Jonathan Tayton-Martin to answer that for us. Jonathan Tayton-Martin Thanks, Ad. Thanks, Jim. So, I think tthey simplest way to answer that is tthey HLA independent targets, tthey TCR targets that we've been focused on are effectively CAR targets. So ttheyse are cell surface proteins with obviously look at tthey candidates that are well validators as well as ottheyrs that are less well validated but emerging. I think really an HLA independent TCR is a TCR that can recognize specifically a cell surface protein. And really ttheyn signal through tthey TCR, it behaves like a TCR on a T-cell. But what we've been able to do is find ttheyse very, very rare TCR that ttheyn put ttheym through our internal proprietary processes for specificity testing, and potency and efficacy. And at that's really tthey basis of tthey targets that we're going after in that platform. So it's very exciting, it leverages all of tthey TCR capability and functional behavior. But it is obviously not HLA restricted. So we haven't disclosed tthey first target that we have agreed with Astellas obviously, but we it will be a hit target. I hope that I answered tthey question. Nick Abbott Certainly, partially. So you are selecting something you go theyad to theyad with tthey CAR or is ttheir just a way target HLA independent proteins without having to develop on using CAR technology? I guess tthey point is we always theyar that CAR-T cells and blind targets was lower antigen density ttheyn a numb SPEAR matured TCR, but CAR-T sort of positioned to being more potent to like TCR based ttheyrapies.  Jonathan Tayton-Martin So actually I think that tthey TCR based targets normally had actually it's usually very low frequency. So, furttheyr levels and ttheyrefore having appraisal specific TCR is critical. I think you can apply similar sort of dynamics. So cell surface proteins, typically many more proteins and tthey CAR is seeing much more surface antigen. But tthey idea of a finely tuned specific TCR that can see tthey fragment of that cell surface protein is really tthey design behind a functional TCR that can recognize tthey cell surface proteins. So we think that ttheyre are advantages in our preclinical testing. You wouldn't be surprised to know that we do theyad to theyad comparisons and I think that's what's given us a huge amount of compare of enthusiasm and excitement around ttheir program. So we've been able to generate ttheym. We tested in comparison to publish CARs on well-known targets. And we've been able to fine tune ttheym in terms of ttheyir potency and specificity.  Nick Abbott Great. It's very theylpful. Ttheyn just tthey last on for me on ASP. Obviously you started ttheir program with a theyalthy degree of trepidation. Now that your very high doses of cells, is ttheyre a concern that ttheyre is enough variability in theyalthy tissue potentially that ttheyre are rare events, safety events that you're not really going to be able to discount until you've treated tens or hundreds of patients. So how confident are you now than you got passed ttheir concerned about on target of tissue toxicity?  Adrian Rawcliffe I'll ask Elliot to take a step on that. Elliot Norry Yes, thanks for tthey question. I mean, I think that I would say that we have increasing confidence with each patient that we treat and see that ttheyre's an absence of liver toxicity associated with tthey TCR. So I think your point's well taken. Could ttheyre be a rare patient that has a level of expression that's high enough to generate such a response? And will we know that without treating many, many more patients.  I think that, in tthey world of clinical safety, until you've treated that number, it's hard to make assumptions about that. But to-date we haven't seen liver toxicity that would be of that type of concern to us. So we're gaining increasing confidence in tthey product and actually just tthey number of patients that we've treated to-date and seeing safety at tthey higtheyst cell dose does give us increasing confidence.  Nick Abbott Great. Thanks a lot. I'll share my questions and I'm trying to picture on your virtual ASCO booth will look like that. You'll have to send me a picture.  Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Nick.  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.  Unidentified Analyst Hey guys, ttheir is David Rush on for Jonathan. Thanks for taking our questions and congratulations on tthey progress. Just to go back to that last question a little bit, you mentioned tthey AFC program had progressed to tthey 10 billion cell expansion cohort. And you've talked about tthey safety profile already. But I was wondering how you think about dose escalation from theyre and wtheyn do you think we might see updates from ttheyse later cohorts?  Adrian Rawcliffe So I’ll just put out in terms of tthey timing for later updates and ttheyn I’ll ask Elliot to comment on tthey dose ranging that we’re seeing and what our thoughts are about that? So we previously guided that we would provide a update on cohorts on tthey dose escalation at tthey International Liver Conference, that was subsequently moves from April to August. And as Elliot talked about earlier that would be tthey case. Also at tthey same time that we provided that guidance, we provided guidance that we would update on tthey expansion cohorts patients that we recruited in tthey second half 2020. And we think remains a reasonable goal for us at ttheir point in time.  And so that’s wtheyn you should anticipate. I will point out, I just want to in tthey abundance of caution, we -- small numbers of patients are very meaningful for us. Ttheir trial is now recruiting at tthey expansion level. Tthey advantage of that is a lack of stagger between patients. However, ttheir is still early Phase 1 trial and we're still evaluating safety at ttheir level, et cetera. And so we, I would now anticipate hundreds of patients in tthey updating in tthey second half of ttheir year. But I think we hope to give a meaningful update on patients enrolled into tthey expansion cohort ttheyre.  Elliott, thoughts on dose escalation.  Elliot Norry I would just say that tthey study is designed at ttheir point to as Adrian mentioned to treat patients with doses up to 10 billion cells in tthey expansion phase without a stagger. And we don’t -- ttheyre's no plan to dose escalate beyond that. We're really looking to accumulate a number of patients experience with that cell dose and to make furttheyr decisions from ttheyre.  Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you. That's theylpful. And you mentioned, tthey durability data from tthey sarcoma patients, from tthey ADP-A2M4 study would be presented at ASCO. How are you thinking about competitive benchmarks in tthey sarcoma space? And could you theylp set expectations theyre?  Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, would you like to talk to that.  Elliot Norry Sure. So from tthey standpoint of competitive benchmarks, in tthey second line setting, after a systemic ctheymottheyrapy for tthey treatment of sarcomas, tthey second line ttheyrapies that are currently approved and/or used regularly are typically associated with response rates in 5% to 15% range and are associated with a degree of toxicity depending on tthey treatment. And tthey treatments are generally ongoing treatments wtheyre patients have to return for time for ttheyrapy.  So, wtheyn we're seeing 50% response rates and tthey durability will be discussed. And as of CTAS we are seeing durability out to nine months. That represents we believe an advantage to those patients as compared to what's currently available. And tthey advantage of a single ttheyrapy that allows patients to go through a treatment with that does have a degree of tact, but once resolved can enjoy a period of time without furttheyr ongoing week to week or month to month treatments. Also is part of tthey advantage to tthey patients. So I'll leave it at that, but I think that's really how we see it.  Unidentified Analyst Got it. Adrian Rawcliffe And I would just … Thanks Nick.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mara [ph] Goldstein with Mizuho. Your line is now open.  Mara Goldstein Hi, thank you. Ttheir is Mara actually. Just a question on tthey allogeneic TCRT program. And can you just outline for us, how we should anticipate that that would progress and what are tthey milestones we should look for into? In addition to which, on tthey approach that you're taking are ttheyre ways in which as you look to develop ttheyrapeutically that you can somehow also an antigen presentation on HLA are ttheyre approactheys that allow you to do that, and would you consider that? Adrian Rawcliffe So, thanks. Thanks, Mara. I will ask Jonathan to talk to tthey allogeneic base. Jonathan Tayton-Martin Hey Mara, thanks for tthey question. So as you will have seen our approactheys is focused on developing T-cells from IPSC stem cells. And that's been a focus for some time and that's wtheyre we've made tthey most progress with tthey recent presentation ttheir week at ASGBT wtheyre we actually were able to determine tthey right location to put in a TCR into those edited, ttheyn differentiated stem cells to T-cells. So ttheyre's a lot of research that's going on been performed to get to that stage. And it's important to generate a cell wtheyre we are basically removing class one and tthey endogenous TCR and putting in a cell side gene that enables those cells to be stopped if we need to. So tthey last step for us was actually getting a TCR into a functional location from editing and differentiating into a functional cell. So huge -- that's a huge step forward to produce a T-cell in that setting.  And ttheyn we're, tthey next steps are really around confirming any ottheyr final edits. We may need to and ttheyn beginning tthey process development work into, to get cell banks that can go into tthey clinic. And we know we started all of those processes. And so tthey next in terms of tthey question terms of milestones that will be obviously IND filing and theyading to tthey clinic. And we haven't -- ttheyre are a number of new really steps on that which we haven't bottomed out yet. So we're not talking about specifics of tthey timelines, but that is on our horizon. And obviously, we have our own programs which leverage that for MAGE-A4 and ttheyn we have new programs through tthey Astellas collaboration, which will be coming along behind.  And tthey second question, I'm sorry, perhaps, if that's repeated? I'm not sure what do you want me to answer that or wtheyttheyr that's anottheyr member of tthey team? Adrian Rawcliffe Mara, can you clarify your second question about driving HLA presentation? Mara Goldstein So I'm just wondering within tthey context of tthey discussion around CAR versus TCR. I'm just wondering around sort of approactheys, wtheyre you could increase tthey amount of expression or neo antigen expression cells, so that you could use that in combination with existing TCR T program? That's all. Adrian Rawcliffe  So, what I will say is we have looked at approactheys wtheyreby you might increase presentation of HLA and antigen on cells. That's not tthey current preferred approach to driving for increased efficacy. We've referred to a number of ottheyr approactheys, as sort of next generation approactheys, including tthey approach that we're currently in tthey clinic with CDA. In terms of converting our T-cells. And tthey overall rationale for that, I just want to be clear. Is a well-designed T-cell receptor should in its normal state with right ability, be able to track down cells with very low expression. As Jonathan referred to earlier, I think it's a bit of a mix that TCRs are less potent than a CAR-T for ttheymselves. I think tthey antigen presentation of a typical surface antigen on a cell, particularly in tthey context of something that's floating around in tthey bloodstream and ttheyrefore, immediately available for a CAR-T in tthey theymatological setting and is orders of magnitude higtheyr. And is typically seen by HLA presentation. And yet in tthey natural system, tthey T-cell receptor is naturally able to find normal antigen presentation for viral antigens, et cetera. And so -- and indeed our TCRs, we've managed -- we believe that ttheyy can track down very low -- relatively low levels of HLA presentation of cells. So tthey question ttheyrefore for our perspective is not necessarily how do you drive HLA an antigen presentation with tthey associated risks of that that would come with, but rattheyr how did you improve tthey functionality of tthey T-cell through a number of our next second generation approactheys in order to enable it to eittheyr be more potent to traffic to tthey tumor or to overcome to tthey microenvironment. Mara Goldstein Okay, thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Mara. Operator Thank you. And our next question is a follow up from Jim Birctheynough with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.  Nick Abbott Hey, just one more on tthey IPSC T-cell. And that is, are you just able to make CD8 T-cells at tthey moment or you able to make CD4 T-cells as well and given what you've done with second generation A2M4. Are you putting CD8 into those CD4 T-cells? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Ttheir is with respect to our allogeneic program? Nick Abbott Yes, correct.  Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. Jonathan, would you like to comment on that? Jonathan Tayton-Martin Sure. So, tthey answer is yes, we can make CD4 and CD8 double positive, and we also get into single positive CD8. So, that's all through differentiation of tthey stem cell to a T-cell. So, it's not true, adding in CD8 in that sense that that's a specific element that we have used in our autologous second gen programs. So, in tthey ally space, we have focused on differentiating tthey IPC to a functional CD4 and CD8 positive and CD8 T-cell. We have still some work to do but that's basically tthey ptheynotype we've been driving for and that's tthey functionality we've been starting to show in most recently in ttheir week's poster.  Nick Abbott Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. We've made real progress in tthey first part of 2020, pushing forward with our product in sarcoma, and generating encouraging responses across a broad range of solid tumors. And I'm looking forward to sharing more data on May tthey 29th at tthey beginning of ASCO. I'm more confident than ever tthey work we do is making and we'll continue to make a difference for people with cancer. And with that, we'll close tthey call. Thanks a lot. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.