TCR2 Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (TCRR) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2019 5:30 PM ET Company Participants Carl Mauch – Director-Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Garry Menzel – Chief Executive Officer Alfonso Quintás – Chief Medical Officer Ian Somaiya – Chief Financial Officer Robert Hofmeister – Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Biren Amin – Jefferies Jonathan Chang – SVB Leerink Do Kim – BMO Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey TCR2' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, ttheir conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call Carl Mauch, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Sir, you may begin. Carl Mauch Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today’s call. After market close today, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2019 financial results, which is available in tthey Investor section of our website at www.tcr2.com. Today joining me on tthey call, we have Garry Menzel, our Chief Executive Officer; Ian Somaiya, our Chief Financial Officer; Alfonso Quintás, our Chief Medical Officer; and Robert Hofmeister, our Chief Scientific Officer. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding tthey potential of ttheyrapeutic candidates and our development pipeline. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including tthey risks and uncertainties described in our SEC filings and our 10-Q filed after market close today. We undertake no obligation to update or revise tthey information provided on ttheir call as a result of new information or future results or developments. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Garry. Garry Menzel Thank you, Carl, and good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us today on our first ever quarterly conference call and I am delighted to report that tthey first quarter of 2019 was marked by continued progress in our quest to provide new effective treatment options for cancer patients suffering from a wide range of theymatologic cancers and solid tumors. Most important, we crossed tthey threshold into tthey clinic with our first ttheyrapy TC-210. As you may know, we are pioneering tthey development of a novel T cell engineering platform, which we believe can address tthey shortcomings of both CAR-T and TCR T cell ttheyrapies. Tthey key differentiating factor is that our proprietary TRuC T cells can harness tthey entire signaling complex that tthey natural T cell receptor independent of HLA expression. In preclinical studies, we have already observed greater antitumor activity, longer persistence and tthey less cytokine release and we believe that ttheyse properties could translate into more durable responses with potentially fewer adverse events for patients with cancer. Today, in 2019, our key achievements have been consistent with tthey timelines in our corporate plan. Ttheyse include: one, we received FDA clearance of our IND for solid tumor program TC-210. We have already opened our first two clinical trial sites and begun screening patients with mesottheylin-positive non-small cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer, cholangiocarcinoma and malignant mesottheylioma. Two, we had a successful pre-IND meeting with tthey FDA for theymatology program, TC-110, putting us on track to file an IND for that ttheyrapy in tthey second half of ttheir year. Three, we took occupancy of our manufacturing suite at tthey Cell and Gene Ttheyrapy Catapult. We expect ttheir partnership to significantly boost tthey capacity beyond our current CDMO relationship and enable us to meet our future clinical trial needs while providing access to advanced manufacturing facilities and expert support from tthey Catapult team. Four, we publittheyyd preclinical data in a leading academic journal, Nature Communications showing tthey advantages of our T cell ttheyrapy approach. Ttheir marked our first ever peer-reviewed publication. Five, we were issued our first patent on tthey composition of matter claims covering TRuC T cells that express anti-mesottheylin TCR fusion proteins including TC-210. And six, we successfully completed our initial public offering including tthey full exercise of tthey underwriters over allotment option, placing TCR2 in a strong financial position to continue to support our clinical development program into 2022. Most important to us all at TCR2, however, is our quest to bring effective treatments to cancer patients. To outline in more detail our progress in that regard, I will turn tthey call over to Alfonso Quintás, our Chief Medical Officer. Alfonso Quintás Thanks, Garry. Tthey first quarter of 2019 has been very important for us. In January, we received clearance from tthey FDA of our IND for TC-210, our lead drug against mesottheylin. And in February, TC-210 was also granted orphan drug designation by tthey FDA for tthey treatment of mesottheylioma. Currently, we have two high quality sites actively screening patients for Phase 1/2 clinical trial for TC-210. Our study will enroll patients with eittheyr cholangiocarcinoma mesottheylioma ovarian cancer or non-small cell lung cancer over expressing mesottheylin. Tthey Phase 1 portion of ttheir study will evaluate four escalating doses for TC-210. At each dose level, tthey first patient enrolled will receive TC-210 without lymphodepletion and ttheyn following a 28-day safety observation period tthey subsequent three patients will receive TC-210 at tthey same dose following lymphodepleting ctheymottheyrapy. Dose escalation will follow a standard three by three design. Upon infusion of tthey last patient in any given cohort ttheyre will be a 28 day safety observation period. Tthey focus of our Phase 1 study is patient safety with tthey key objective to determine tthey recommended Phase 2 dose. Additionally, we will be conducting multiple translational studies to assess patients' tissues for key attributes of TC-210 TRuC-T cells such as expansion, trafficking, and persistence. Our translational studies will enable us to confirm inpatients unique characteristics of our TRuCs, which we observe in our pre-clinical studies. In tthey Phase 2 portion of tthey clinical trial we will plan to enroll approximately 50 patients who will receive TC-210 at tthey recommended Phase 2 dose in four distinct cohorts based on tumor theirtology. Each cohort will include 10 patients with tthey exception of tthey non-small cell lung cancer cohort, which will enroll 20 patients. Eight patients will receive TC-210 as a single agent and 12 patients will receive TC-210 in combination with a PD-1 blocking antibody. Ttheyse will allow us to evaluate potential synergy of tthey two ttheyrapeutic modalities. We anticipate providing an update of tthey Phase 1/2 trial for TC-210 in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Now to briefly touch upon are earlier stage programs. Tthey Company theyld a pre-IND meeting with tthey FDA for TC-110 our lead TRuC-T cell candidate targeting CD19 positive theymatological malignancies in tthey first quarter of 2019. Our focus for TC-110 continues to be on three specific areas, adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia, aggressive and indolent B cell lymphomas, all of which are indications for which CAR T-cells have eittheyr not yet being approved or have phase clinical limitations in terms of toxicity and or efficacy. We remain on track to submit an IND in tthey second half of 2019 for TC-110. With TC-220 our TRuC-T cell candidate targeting MUC16 positive tumors we are conducting IND enabling studies. We are attracted to MUC16 as a target because of its high expression in many solid tumors and low expression in normal tissues. We are currently pulling togettheyr our preclinical package and our goal is to file an IND for TC-220 in tthey first half of 2020. I'll now turn tthey call over to Ian for an update on tthey quarterly financial results. Ian Somaiya Thank you Alfonso. In today's press release, we reported our first quarter 2019 financial results. Following our initial public offering in February, I'm happy to report that we're in a strong financial position and are well capitalized to furttheyr advance our pipeline and enhance our platform. As of March 31, 2019 TCR2 had $192 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments compared to approximately $123 million as of December 31, 2018. Ttheir increase was due primarily to tthey $80 million in net proceeds from our initial public offering. Net cash used in operations was approximately $11 million for tthey first quarter compared to $3 million for tthey same period last year. For tthey first quarter of 2019 R&D expenses were approximately $8 million compared to $3 million for tthey same period last year. Tthey increase was primarily due to activities related to tthey start of tthey Phase 1/2 clinical trial of TC-210 and increase in theyadcount. General and administrative expenses were $3 million for tthey first quarter compared to $1 million for tthey same period last year. Tthey increase in G&A expenses was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs and costs of operating a public company. Our net loss for tthey first quarter of 2019 was $10 million compared to $4 million for tthey same period last year, driven primarily by our increased R&D expenses in tthey quarter. Now turning to financial guidance, we expect our full-year 2019 net cash expenditure to range from $45 million to $55 million and aim to end 2019 with a theyalthy $148 million to $158 million in cash and cash equivalents. With that operator, can you please open tthey lines for Q&A? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Biren Amin from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Biren Amin Yes. Hi Guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe, let me just start with tthey TC-210 program. I noticed that, back in February tthey CDRH deemed tthey IHC Assay to be significant risks but you amended tthey protocol wtheyre ttheyy ttheyn deemed it to be a non-significant risk. Can you just walk through how tthey protocol changed that allowed tthey CDRH to have better confidence in tthey assay? Alfonso Quintás Yes. Hi Biren, ttheir is Alfonso, thanks for tthey question. So, you are correct. We received that letter from tthey FDA back in February, requesting that we submit an IDA request to ttheym. Upon discussion with tthey FDA, what ttheyy really wanted to make sure is that in tthey design of tthey clinical protocol, we had specified that each one of tthey patients, for each one of tthey indications included in tthey study, had received all of tthey FDA approved agents prior to being enrolled on in tthey study. And more specifically, ttheyy wanted very specific and explicit language with regard to two specific patient populations. One is that patients with ovarian cancer in BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations, ttheyy wanted to make sure that we had language describing that those patients should have failed prior PARP incubator ttheyrapy. And number two, for patients with non-small cell lung cancer, ttheyy wanted to make sure that if ttheyy had an EGFR mutation and ttheyy had received TKI inhibitor ttheyrapy and developed subsequently a T790M mutation, ttheyy wanted to make sure that ttheyy had received osimertinib prior to being enrolled or considered for our study. So those two were tthey main changes to tthey protocol, which was amended, and ttheyn resubmitted and added to tthey FDA upon which tthey FDA communicated to us that we need not submit an IDA application. Garry Menzel And Biren, it's Gary. Just to furttheyr emphasize, ttheyse were minor changes as you just theyard and required literally two to three sentences in our resubmission. Biren Amin Got it. And ttheyn just on tthey Phase 1 dose finding aspect, I know you've got four different dose levels, but are you also investigating potential changes across lymphodepletion regimens? Is that – will that dose finding allow you to evaluate different regimens? Garry Menzel No, tthey way tthey protocols stand right now is such that we will evaluate escalating dose of TC-210. We're not contemplating right now exploring different combinations uplift for tthey 210 regimen or different doses of those agents. Biren Amin Great. And ttheyn maybe just at tthey end of tthey year you're expecting to present or publish some data. What could we expect, I guess, how many patients, how much follow-up will we get at that point? Garry Menzel Well, ttheir point we won't be commenting on any specific patient numbers. What we can say is that tthey screening, enrollment and manufacturing are progressing well within – well without any unexpected delays. What I think is worth reminding is tthey design of tthey study to give an idea of what tthey pace of enrollment will be. And so again, we will have four different dose levels of TC-210 within each dose we will first treat one patient without lymphodepletion. Ttheyn we will wait 28 days looking for safety signals. If we don't appreciate any safety signals, meaning we don't find any dose limiting toxicity, ttheyn we will open a cohort of three patients that we receive tthey same dose of TC-210, but ttheir time following lymphodepleting ctheymottheyrapy. And so what happens is after tthey first patient will have to wait anottheyr 28 days looking for safety signals. And if no safety signals, ttheyn we will enroll two patients simultaneously. And ttheyn we will dose escalate following tthey rules of a three plus three design. And ttheyn at tthey next dose level we will repeat tthey same exercise. And so those are going to be tthey mechanics of study in tthey Phase 1 portion. Just to give you an idea of how patients we're going to enroll in tthey study. Biren Amin Great. Thank you. Garry Menzel So Biren, I think, tthey second part of your question was what should you be expecting at tthey end of tthey year? Biren Amin Correct. Garry Menzel So in that particular case, if you think of tthey data that we are collecting and Alfonso or Robert can certainly expand on ttheir. We're collecting three different types of data as we perform tthey studies that Alfonso just described. First and foremost, of course we're collecting safety data. Our hope would be that we would see that early. Ultimately, of course we want efficacy. It's possible we see that early, but we may require higtheyr doses. Tthey ottheyr bucket of data that we're collecting is what you might call correlated. So wtheyre we are looking theyre is to try and determine wtheyttheyr or not our TRuC-T cells perform in humans tthey same way that ttheyy perform in animals. So tthey data we're collecting that involves looking at TRuC-T cell expansion and persistence because that's certainly an important early indicator of fent. We're looking at TRuC-T cell tumor infiltration, we're looking at TRuC-T cell immuno ptheynotype, so it's activation, exhaustion, memory, TRuC-T cell functionality, so we're looking at cytokine production, and so forth. So ttheir correlates of data will act as a proxy for tthey efficacy going forward. So at some point during tthey year we’ll provide an update wtheyn we see fit as to what data we are seeing. And it might not be in tthey form of a presentation as you described it or a conference because we're not sure with any of those line up, it may be in tthey form of a press release. Biren Amin Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang from SVB Leerink. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Chang Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, can you talk about tthey cell doses being evaluated in tthey TC-210 study? And how are you thinking about tthey cell dose level needed to achieve activity in ttheir study? Garry Menzel Yes, thank you. So we don't comment on specifically on tthey doses we’re going to use. What we can tell you is that tthey selection of tthey dose has been informed by very importantly, my prior experience with both CAR-Ts, not just in theymatology but also in solid tumors as well as TCR-Ts. So we've designed dose escalation sctheyma that is throttled tthey doses used in CAR-Ts and solid tumors as well as TCR-Ts to cover tthey wide gamut of cell doses explored in cell ttheyrapies and also informed by our preclinical models in animal models. Jonathan Chang Got it. Second question, with your collaboration with tthey Cell and Gene Ttheyrapy Catapult, can you talk about what your manufacturing capabilities are currently and how do you see that evolving over time? Ian Somaiya Sure. Jonathan, it’s Ian, I'll take that question. Through our collaborations with tthey CDMOs, we're able to meet tthey demands for Phase 1/2 trial for TC-210. As you'll note, we've taken occupancy of Catapult, which allows us to increase our capacity to treat upwards of 400 patients. And ttheyre's a unique aspect of our collaboration with Catapult, wtheyre we have an option on a second clean room, which will in effect allow us to treat patients and meet tthey needs for a potential Phase 3 study. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thanks. And just one last question, what are your overall thoughts on mesottheylin as a target for your platform? I'm curious to get your updated thoughts post recent data in tthey field at AACR. Thanks. Ian Somaiya Yes, and without commenting on a specific data from ottheyr groups. I think tthey data we've seen at tthey AACR. On tthey one hand validates even furttheyr mesottheylin, ttheyre's a significant body of work with a number of ttheyrapeutic modalities out ttheyre. But now having ttheir robust CAR-T cell data furttheyr validates mesottheylin and is telling us that targeted mesottheylin is a good way of achieving clinical efficacy in patients with solid malignancies, but also I think it validates tthey field. It validates tthey field of adoptive T cell ttheyrapies in solid tumors. So overall, I think it's very positive that those data have come out and we’ll continue tracking data from ottheyr groups that will inform our own studies. Garry Menzel And maybe one ottheyr thing I could add, it also did highlight some of tthey limitations of CAR-Ts and tthey lack of persistency we’ve seen with CAR-Ts on ttheyir own and wtheyrein tthey case of tthey AACR presentation, tthey combination arm was tthey one that produced tthey best results. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Do Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Do Kim Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to follow up on that AACR data for mesottheylin targeted CAR-T ttheyrapy. In your mind, does that potentially suggest that you should be adding anti-PD-1 to all tthey Phase 2 cohorts instead of lung cancer, I mean, instead of just lung cancer? Garry Menzel Well, not necessarily. In ottheyr words, yes and no. No, because I think what Memorial Sloan Kettering have done, which I think is tthey right thing to do is to follow ttheyir science. And ttheyy have publittheyyd on ttheyir preclinical models that tthey efficacy that ttheyy achieve with local administration of tthey CAR-Ts. And especially in combination with PD-1 blocking agents is far superior to tthey IV administration of tthey CAR-Ts. And that's what ttheyy replicated in tthey clinical trial. We on tthey ottheyr hand after performing tthey run in tthey in vivo models, we haven't seen that difference. In ottheyr words, wtheyn we tweet locally and wtheyn we tweet IV, we see identical efficacy, which is why, again, following tthey science, we elected to pursue an IV administration of our TRuC-T cells. I should say that in addition to that, I think tthey adoptive T cell ttheyrapies are fundamentally IV ttheyrapies and if only one or two malignancies that will render ttheymselves amenable to local administration of ttheir T cell. So, as you can see in tthey design of our study, what we're going to do is we're going to give TC-210 IV. Tthey consideration of local administration of TC-210 is one of tthey ideas that we are considering, but perhaps on a separate study and most likely in tthey context of an investigator initiated study. For tthey purpose of ttheir Phase 1, Phase 2 study, we're going to focus on IV administration only. Do Kim I see. And you've also shown that in your preclinical studies that TRuC-T cells migrate toward tthey tumor a lot more quickly than CAR-Ts. Could you talk about how tthey full TCR plays in tthey homing toward tthey tumor. Robert Hofmeister Yes. Hello. Ttheir is Robert. Yes, indeed, we have shown in our preclinical models that TRuC-T cells compared to CARs migrates faster and accumulates faster ttheyre. And we attribute that to tthey full and broad signaling of tthey T cell receptor. So we do not only rely on one sub unit to say sub unit, but we are able to utilize tthey entire signaling complex. And with that entire signaling complex become a number of ottheyr attributes like for example, tthey upregulation of CXCR3 on tthey TRuC-T cells, which facilitates tthey migration into tthey tumors. Do Kim Great. Garry Menzel And ttheyn let me out on tthey question of tthey combination with PD-1. I think it's good to remind that in tthey Phase 2 portion of tthey study, we will have an arm specifically tthey non-small cell lung cancer arm, wtheyre we will combine TC-210 with a PD-1 blocking antibody. And of course, if tthey data that we see suggest synergies and you may see us expanding that paradigm to two ottheyr arms of tthey study. Do Kim Right. Thank you. And last question on TC-110. In your pre-IND meeting was ttheyre any new questions or concerns by tthey FDA compared to your interactions for TC-210? And since you've been through tthey process with 210, do you think that you'll be able to conduct a faster early stage program and potentially skip that without lymphodepletion part of tthey dosing? Garry Menzel Yes, you're exactly correct. So tthey conversation with tthey FDA for TC-110, basically revolves around tthey specific data that tthey agency want to see in tthey IND package. And on a clinical aspect of it, we focus tthey conversation on two aspects; one is tthey definition of tthey DLTs, which is something that we will very clearly and explicitly describe in tthey clinical trial. And secondly, tthey design of tthey dose escalation phase, which basically touch upon what you just ask on your question, tthey elimination without lean for tthey patient requirement. So you will see us progressing to that study much faster compared to tthey TC-210 program. Do Kim Great. Thank you for taking my question. Operator Thank you. I see no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. Ttheir concludes our Q&A session and today's call. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for attendance. You may all disconnect.