Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Director of Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer David Tayton-Martin - Chief Business Officer Elliot Norry - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Butler - Roth Capital Marc Frahm - Cowen and Company Kelsey Goodwin - Guggentheyim Securities James Shannon - Citi Jonathan Chang - SVB Leerink Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your speaker today Juli Miller. Please go atheyad ma'am. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results and ottheyr business updates. We issued a press release earlier ttheir morning, and I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements ttheyre. As a brief reminder, we anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our CEO is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call and ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared portion. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli, and thank you everyone for joining us. 2019 was a transformative year for Adaptimmune. We issued a press release ttheir morning, summarizing our accomplishments last year. Ttheyse accomplishments are tthey results of hard work by our dedicated colleagues theyre at Adaptimmune, tthey investigators with ttheyir teams at clinical sites and ottheyr collaborators. I refer you to tthey press release for details, because I think our time would be better spent providing context about what we are doing at Adaptimmune and our strategy going forward. So I want to focus on tthey following key areas, one, organizational changes including our new R&D team that we announced at tthey beginning of ttheir year to improve tthey flow and decision-making process in our pipeline; two, faster execution in our clinical trials, including driving ADP-A2M4to market in 2022 for sarcoma and demonstrating meaningful efficacy in ottheyr solid tumor indications; three, our partnerships and collaborations including our recent co-development and co-commercialization deal with Astellas, which highlights tthey opportunity beyond our autologous SPEAR T-cell pipeline Finally, I want to touch on some of our manufacturing accomplishments and why we believe integration is a key component of our future success. Ttheyre were several changes to our leadership during 2019. Some planned and some unexpected, including at tthey executive team level, we saw some notable departures last year, including our former CEO and Co-Founder James Noble who retired but is a testament to those leaders who left that ttheyy build excellent teams. Those teams choose to work at Adaptimmune, because we believe we can make a difference for people with cancer. And I want to thank everyone who has contributed to tthey work that we do. Firstly, I want to thank Mike Garone, who has served as our interim CFO after I became CEO. He has done a fantastic job, including through tthey recent financing. Mike will be moving on and as announced last week Gavin Wood will assume tthey CFO role in April. Last August, John Lunger was appointed Chief Patient Supply Officer. I will talk about tthey great strides, we have made in manufacturing under John's leadership later in tthey call. We announced in August that Rafael Amado, our former President of R&D was leaving and that Elliot Norry would be our acting CMO. In January, I was very pleased to announce that Elliot has been named permanent CMO. Elliot has been our Head of Safety and Pharmacovigilance and has led our AFP program since 2015. He has a deep commitment and expertise in cell ttheyrapy and their passion for patients is clear. As we announced at tthey beginning of ttheir year, we made ottheyr changes to our R&D leadership. Notably, we formed early and late-stage development groups. Mark Dudley is leading our early-stage group to develop and evaluate ttheyrapies for clinical safety and to quickly determine ttheyir efficacy. Mark has a 20-year theirtory in cell ttheyrapy and is a true pioneer in tthey field having worked and publittheyyd on tthey initial cell ttheyrapy trials at tthey NIH and work with Novartis on tthey development of Kymriah. Dennis Williams was named SVP Late-Stage Development taking products with clear efficacy signals through to registration as rapidly as possible. Tthey first of ttheyse products is ADP-A2M4 for sarcoma which has been evaluated in our Phase II SPEARHEAD-1 trial. Dennis has substantial regulatory and drug development expertise in cell ttheyrapy and they will continue to lead our regulatory affairs team. Last year under Dennis' leadership, ADP-A2M4 received orphan drug designation for soft tissue sarcomas and RMAT for synovial sarcoma. Outside of our early and late-stage development groups, we have our pipeline research, pre-clinical testing and translational sciences teams. Keith Miller has led ttheir team since joining us last year. Keith is an immunologist by training with more than 25 years of drug discovery experience with small molecules, biologics and cell and gene ttheyrapy including at GSK, UCB and Vertex across a broad range of ttheyrapy areas. Finally and for many years, Jo Brewer has led tthey team that has delivered our stem cell-derived allogeneic program. Jo has two decades of direct cell ttheyrapy experience and our team has produced one of tthey most advanced stem cell-derived allogeneic T-cell platforms in tthey field. Ttheir platform has tthey capacity to generate T-cells from stem cells without tthey use of stromal or feeder cells and without tthey need for human sera both are huge feats and critical parameters for ensuring we can ultimately scale up allogeneic cell production for tthey clinic and beyond. So that's tthey team we have in place to drive tthey pipeline. Now I want to touch on what we're doing to deliver data more rapidly in our clinical trials. Ttheir time last year, having transitioned NY-ESO to GSK in 2018, we were dose escalating our Phase 1 trials with our wholly-owned assets. Ttheyse Phase 1 trials have been ongoing for two years and we had no RECIST responses. Since ttheyn, we have reported compelling initial response data with ADP-A2M4 in synovial sarcoma, leading us to start our Phase 2 SPEARHEAD-1 trial and announced our aim to commercialize ttheir first product in 2022. In ottheyr indications, we narrowed our focus to our products targeting MAGE-A4 and AFP and to improving tthey potency of our SPEAR T-cells to convert tthey antitumor activity, which we were clearly seeing in a range of tumor types into RECIST responses that could be tthey basis for drug development. As reported in January of ttheir year, we have observed RECIST responses in four new tumor indications, two of ttheyse were from tthey first patients dosed in tthey next-generation SURPASS trial and tthey radiation sub-study. Ttheyse trials began approximately six months previously. Anottheyr response was from tthey first patient dosed at tthey target dose in tthey ADP-A2AFP trial remarkably tthey patient in ttheir trial had a 100% reduction in ttheyir target lesions. Ttheyse are early responses and we need more patients and durability data to determine, which indications we will develop. However, ttheyse data are a validation of tthey value of our SPEAR T-cell ttheyrapies for people with cancer, tthey importance of our proprietary affinity engineering and tthey speed with, which we are now able to execute. We also announced that we will start a combination study in 2020, which we have now confirmed will be in theyad and neck cancer with an innovative trial design, tthey details of which we will disclose in due course. We are incredibly grateful to tthey people who have chosen to take part in our trials. It is tthey strength of ttheyse people, tthey clinical sites and tthey commitment of my colleagues that have enabled us to get to wtheyre I believe we are today on tthey cusp of revolutionizing cell ttheyrapies for solid tumors. Tthey clinical benefit we demonstrate will translate into value for tthey company and for investors as long as we keep patients at tthey theyart of everything we do. On to our partnerships, although access to tthey U.S. capital markets is critical to build a successful biotech company to be a world leader in cell ttheyrapy, it's also necessary to strike mutual beneficial partnerships both as an alternative source of capital and as a way of accessing partner capabilities. At tthey beginning of ttheir year, we announced our first major pharma alliance in five years with Astellas for stem cell-derived allogeneic T-cell ttheyrapies. Ttheir agreement was based on tthey advances in our allogeneic program, building on our successful collaboration with Universal Cells, which was acquired by Astellas. And it is important to note that we can use SPEAR T-cells, CAR-T cells or our recently disclosed HLA-independent T-cells or HiT platform to target tumors as part of ttheir agreement. Key elements of tthey deal are: one, it takes us beyond our autologous SPEAR T-cell platform; two, it's a 50-50 global co-development and co-commercialization deal that sets tthey tone for our future pharma partnerships; and three, it's a clear statement of our intent to derive non-dilutive capital and tthey capabilities and assets that we have built. In addition to investing in people and partnerships, we have been building our manufacturing and supply capabilities for more than five years. Ttheir investment validates what is becoming recognized more broadly that control of process development, manufacturing and supply is key to success for any cell ttheyrapy company. From tthey point of standing up our Navy Yard facility and initiating manufacturing at tthey beginning of 2017, we now have tthey capability to deliver cells for all existing and planned clinical trials as well as with additional investment to be launctheyd ready. Furttheyr at our dedicated space within cell and gene ttheyrapy Catapult Manufacturing Center in tthey U.K. wtheyre we have our internal vector manufacturing, we are in tthey process of building vector inventory to support all our trials. Ttheyse accomplishments are due in large part to John Lunger and tthey team and facilities they has built. John has championed tthey importance of full integration to enable development flexibility. Ttheir is enhanced greatly by being able to rapidly design, test and implement new processes in-house. John has also been working with tthey clinical manufacturing and commercial teams to map out how we can optimize tthey way we supply our ttheyrapies to patients. We have made sizable investments in people, partnerships and capabilities. We have a shared vision of Adaptimmune as an integrated cell ttheyrapy company. We believe that cell ttheyrapy will revolutionize cancer treatment and that tthey challenges of delivering cell ttheyrapy will be sold by such integrated companies. As a leader in ttheir cancer evolution, Adaptimmune is designed from tthey ground up to bring cell ttheyrapies to people with cancer. We're not theyre simply conducting proof-of-concept study on our technology. We are theyre to bring cell ttheyrapies to patients. We're not theyre simply to be a one-product company. We're theyre to deliver our pipeline of products through innovation and expertise to treat a broad range of cancers. We stand theyre in early 2020 with responses in five different solid tumors. We have demonstrated we have tthey tools and expertise to tackle tthey challenges of difficult-to-treat cancers. We have tthey leadership and an organization entirely focused on our mission to transform tthey lives of people with cancer by designing and delivering cell ttheyrapies. I am privileged to lead Adaptimmune into ttheir new phase and we look forward to providing data updates throughout tthey year at major medical conferences. And with that, I will open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tony Butler of Roth Capital. Your line is now open.  Tony Butler Yes. Adrian and maybe to some degree Elliot First of all, thanks very much for allowing me to ask ttheyse questions. So ttheyre are actually three and I'll be brief with reciting. So as I recall in tthey January update ttheyre were two unconfirmed responses. You allude to all four being RECIST today. I just want to confirm that. That's number one. Number two is again despite what you're alluding to in your press release I wanted to just ask you specifically because I think it's important what sorts of information you would like to present at appropriate medical meetings? And ttheyn tthey third question is if we step back a minute it seems that ttheyre has been -- and ttheir is very important because we don't really know tthey translational effects ttheyre seems to have been some positive RECIST confirming outcomes based on -- I'm not really sure. For example is it because cells are now able to traffic appropriately into tthey tumor core? Is it a durability concern? Or are tthey cells able to grow to larger levels? Because it seems that SURPASS and tthey radiation substudy are telling us two different things. AFP's telling us a third thing. And ttheyn with all due respect to moving forward with tthey PD-1 combo all of which I understand I just want to get a better grasp on as we end ttheir year what do you think we will have or Adaptimmune will have learned from investigating ttheyse particular studies that are ongoing today? Thanks very much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. I appreciate tthey questions. So on your first one with – about tthey responses. I think everybody understands tthey theirtory of our communication of data over tthey last couple of years. And I don't think it's done anybody any good to give patient-by-patient updates. And so we are absolutely, categorically going to refuse to do that. And that brings me on to tthey second question about what we are going to disclose. However, I can confirm, I mean perhaps not surprisingly given tthey responders that we reported for tthey patients for tthey two unconfirmed responses in January; one is esophageal junction cancer and tthey ottheyr one in theyad and neck patients with tthey first generation ADP-A2M4 Phase I trial. Both of those did confirm at ttheyir next scan as anticipated and not particularly surprisingly. So we – but we aren't going to comment furttheyr on individual patients as we go forward rattheyr and on to your second question, our plan is to announce that major medical conferences. We have as you pointed out put some slight more granularity about tthey first half versus tthey second half and what we plan on announcing. However, tthey deadlines for many of tthey conferences haven't passed much less tthey acceptance notifications, although we have submitted to a number of tthey ones that you would anticipate, we would be submitting to. And so we can't say exactly what we're going to present at tthey conference. But to talk more generally, I think tthey key for ttheir year is to go from what we have demonstrated in January, which is unequivocal demonstration of tthey breadth of tthey potential of tthey platform and convert that ttheir year into a demonstration that we have a product in a particular area. And we've talked in tthey past about what that would take. Going back several years now, we've talked about tthey fact that we believe that three out of 10 patients with good responses would be a good basis, upon which to start late-stage development registration-directed development program, be that a Phase II trial or multiple. And so that's really what we want to get to ttheir year on ttheyse trials and we will be updating on both – on tthey SURPASS trial, on AFP and on tthey radiation sub-study and actually on tthey first generation MAGE-A4 pilot study, ADP-A2M4 pilot study throughout tthey year. But tthey clear objective for us is not just to report tthey data but to be able to define for one or more of ttheyse assets our root forward. And so that's what we hope to be able to conclude from tthey basis of tthey data that we'll report at major medical conferences. With respect to what we've learned, I'm just going to tee up tthey framework and ttheyn I'm going to just ask Elliot to comment on some of tthey – on wtheyre we are with tthey translational data in tthey learnings. But I think you outlined quite nicely, tthey approactheys that we're taking. From last May, we were of tthey firm belief that we were seeing activity from our TCRs. We saw it in abundance and leading to clinical benefit in sarcoma and we saw it still high level activity at low levels but across a range of different solid tumors elsewtheyre. And so we set out, as I think, as you know to be able to convert that low levels of activity into responses. We looked at trafficking to tumors and tthey radiation sub-study and we looked at a more potent T-cell with tthey second generation. And as announced in tthey tail end of last year and we'll initiate ttheir year, we'll look at a combination study which we've now said will be in theyad and neck cancer. Those are tthey three approactheys that we have to shift from activity into clinical benefit to patients. And so it is true that tthey efficacy that we have seen, tthey response that we have seen in each of those settings in tthey first patient, I think is a signal that those approactheys are working and that we really were only one or two insights away from converting ourselves into effective ttheyrapies. But I'll ask Elliot to comment on ottheyr areas of learnings. Elliot Norry Thanks so much. So that was a pretty compretheynsive answer, but I'll touch a little bit on tthey issue of using for example tthey PD-1 inhibitor combination trial. We have specific translational data that demonstrates that PD-1 can be up-regulated in tthey presence of solid tumors and we've looked at responders versus non-responders in tthey sarcoma population. And we publittheyyd that data at SITC in 2019. So it's -- with that type of translational data that we're moving forward with a combination study with a PD-1 inhibitor. Ttheyre is preclinical and clinical data that demonstrate that low dose radiation can improve trafficking of T-cells to tumors. That's largely leveraged by our relationship with MD Anderson Cancer Center. And for that reason we chose to open tthey radiation substudy -- and open tthey radiation substudy and explore wtheyttheyr or not low dose radiation, so not enough radiation to actually treat tthey tumor on its own, but to just change tthey microenvironment, change tthey architecture of tthey tumor to make it more amenable for T-cells to traffic. And that's tthey translational and scientific information behind that. And with respect to CD8-Alpha again it's really a multi-modality approach wtheyreby we not only translate, tthey CD4 cells into having better killing potential, but we also improve tthey ability for tthey T-cells to activate tthey rest of tthey immune system and to bring ottheyr parts of it into tthey tumor to theylp with activity. And that -- tthey preclinical work associated with that we publittheyyd last year at AACR. So it's really -- we're really taking scientific information and feeding it back into tthey clinical trial system, so that we can test which of ttheyse things once you really get into humans with tumors as compared to tthey laboratory and scientific findings which ones really can work and I will also say that ttheyy're not exclusive. Ttheyre's nothing to say that one can't use a second-generation product with low-dose radiation or with a PD-1 combination. But in order to see which of ttheym is working and which is not working you have to study ttheym individually and that's what we're doing. Tony Butler Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Marc Frahm of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open. Marc Frahm Hey, thanks for taking – questions. I guess one is with ttheyse reports of ttheyse responses, have you noticed -- I recognize it has been terribly long, but have you noticed kind of a change in enthusiasm in tthey space? And how many patients are being -- tthey pace of patients being referred in for screening for tthey trials? And maybe alongside that if you can kind of give us an update on kind of wtheyre you are in tthey enrollment of say, Cohort three for AFP and within tthey ottheyr tthey M4 trials? Elliot Norry So I think first of all, I don't think we're going to provide data specifically around enrollment in specific trials. But I will say that, we've long believed and I think it's sort of well recognized that ttheyre's no better tool for recruiting patients to trials than having responses. So I think that we are seeing interest. We're seeing more patients and advocacy groups contacting us asking for information about our trials, so I do believe that what we're seeing will have a positive effect on recruitment and enrollment in tthey study. Marc Frahm Okay, great. And ttheyn just to clarify a little bit from tthey press release, it breaks out separately a safety update for Cohort 1, Cohort 2 of tthey AFP trial versus tthey update for Cohort 3. So should we be assuming that those are independent conferences that those are likely to be presented at? Or is that just tthey way you decided to write it? Adrian Rawcliffe That's just tthey way we decided to write it. I think we've talked about what we've seen in tthey past with respect to tthey AFP tthey first two doses of AFP. And I think tthey specific thing we want to call out is that, tthey Phase I and II is primarily a safety update. Whilst we did see what we believe are signs of activity ttheyre, that is a safety update, wtheyre it is obvious that tthey -- given that we've announced a response in tthey top dose cohort already that, that will be a little more than a safety update. Marc Frahm Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Schmidt of Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is now open. Kelsey Goodwin Hey. Ttheir is Kelsey on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. Building a bit off of your first answer, I guess, kind of, as SPEARHEAD progresses with tthey first generation of M4 and SURPASS progresses with tthey next generation, I guess, how do you see both of ttheyse assets sitting within your platform longer term? And ttheyn, secondly, could you just remind us how your IPSC drive platform differs from some of tthey ottheyrs in tthey space? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Kelsy. So with respect to SPEARHEAD and SURPASS, I think what you've seen us do with SPEARHEAD is what every patient-focused drug development and company should be -- does and should be doing, which is, I've seen a signal, it's clearly enough in tthey -- with tthey generation one, a 50% response rate in ttheir setting and a 90-plus-percent disease control rate is clearly sufficient to enable that product to be a huge benefit to patients who solely need it and need options in ttheir space. So I think driving forward with SPEARHEAD is absolutely tthey right thing to do, particularly as it is actually unknown, generally speaking, but also in sarcoma what tthey incremental benefit of tthey CD8 will be. That's tthey purpose of tthey SURPASS Phase I trial and that's what we seek to understand. I would just caution that wtheyre we have looked at tthey effect of -- and ttheir is a general statement, not a specific statement, as it relates to CD8 in sarcoma, because we don't have that. But, generally speaking, wtheyre we have looked at tthey effects of second-generation approactheys, ttheyy are most effective wtheyre tthey first generation doesn't work very well in tthey in vitro in tthey labs. And so, wtheyre I have, with sarcoma, something that works really well, we don't know what tthey impact of adding tthey CD8 will be in sarcoma specifically and we'll have to understand that. So I think, we've got a Phase I -- we've got a generation one product. It's clearly a product. We have said that we are closing tthey enrollment on tthey MAGE-A4 first generation pilot trial outside of tthey radiation substudy and I think we will report out on that in due course as well. So, I think, it is clear from our previous statements that tthey first generation programs probably outside sarcoma eittheyr require something else, it will require something else to be effective, be that a second-generation or a combination of radiation, because wtheyn we've tested tthey first generation and we've now gone back, we've got NY-ESO, we've got MAGE-A10 and we've got MAGE-A4, outside of sarcoma we see a consistent level of low of activity, but we see very few responses with tthey theyad and neck patient being tthey exception to that. So that's tthey overview of Gen 1 versus Gen 2. And I think ttheyy both fit in depending on wtheyre ttheyy work in patients. For tthey allogeneic I'll ask David Tayton-Martin, who was tthey architect of tthey deal with Astellas to comment on tthey differentiation that our platform provides versus ottheyrs. David Tayton-Martin Yes. Thanks for tthey question. So ttheyre are two elements to tthey platform that we've been developing in collaboration, originally with Universal Cells, subsequently Astellas for tthey last four years. Ttheyre's tthey editing component, from which we work with tthey Universal Cells technology which is AAV-based gene editing steps, sequential deletion and addition now of specific genes and that's a very -- it's an accurate but laborious process, but it enables us to select out specific edits very successfully each time. And tthey component that tthey Adaptimmune has developed and wholly-owned is a proprietary process for differentiation of stem cells to T-cells, which we've been able to reproduce with both edited stem cells in addition. And tthey differences ttheyre relate to tthey ability to use a serum-free process and also a feeder cell-free process. And those are tthey two very different and clear distinctions that we have that we've been focused on to have an effective process, but also one which is scalable down tthey line to get to large batctheys of products for patients. So those are distinctions that also obviously gives us a very unique IP position as well. So those are tthey key differences. Kelsey Goodwin Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Mohit Bansal of Citi. Your line is now open. James Shannon Hey, guys. Ttheir is James Shannon on for Mohit. Just wanted to ask a question, how much do we know about tthey safety of SPEAR T platform at ttheir point? And what are you monitoring on your ongoing trials? And ttheyn I have a couple of follow-ons after that. Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, do you want to take tthey safety question? Elliot Norry Yes. So we -- tthey safety profile of tthey platform, I think is generally demonstrating favorable benefit risk to support ongoing development. We see similar adverse events to ottheyr T-cell ttheyrapies including cytokine release syndrome and neurotoxicity. Although, tthey frequency and severity may be lower than has been typically seen with CAR-T ttheyrapy. From tthey ctheymottheyrapy regimen, we also see decrease in blood counts that follow on, which is tthey intended effects of tthey ctheymottheyrapy. And we were very clear about making changes to our ctheymottheyrapy regimen last year in response to two deaths associated with aplastic anemia. And since doing that and based on data that we have from prior to increase in tthey ctheymottheyrapy regimen, we're very confident with tthey safety of tthey regimen at ttheir juncture. So I think that in general those are tthey three adverse events sort of particular interest to us. We, obviously, follow all patients as it relates to all adverse events consistent with typical drug development standards and pay special attention to those and are very comfortable at ttheir juncture with respect to tthey safety profile. I will also add that ttheyre was a specific safety level of attention to liver toxicity associated with tthey alpha-fetoprotein study. But to-date, we have not seen any evidence of T-cell activity against tthey non-cancerous liver. So we're very positive about that particular -- tthey resolution of that safety concern. James Shannon Got it. And ttheyn at tthey beginning of tthey call you guys mentioned, ttheyre was a lot of changes to tthey team. And given that moving towards commercialization, should we expect some more additions to tthey team? Or is what tthey team currently is what you envision for 2022, part of tthey 2022 launch? Adrian Rawcliffe Yeah. I think we have a -- I think I feel very comfortable with tthey strength of tthey team that we have now. I think clearly as we move forward into commercialization, we'll need to build that capability and I don't think it's appropriate to comment on intended future changes to that. But clearly, we'll need to build a commercial capability on a European and U.S. basis as a minimum, and we look forward to doing that. And in fact, I would argue, we've already started. We've had a theyad of commercial for some years now, working with groups thinking about pricing, interactions with payers and what tthey patient journey looks like and we look forward to building on that as we go forward. James Shannon Fantastic. Thanks for taking my question. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, James. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Chang of SVB Leerink. Your line is now open. Jonathan Chang Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a great start to tthey year. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Thanks, Jon. Jonathan Chang So first question how should we be thinking about benchmarks for durability for synovial sarcoma? Elliot Norry So with tthey data that we've publittheyyd to-date with synovial sarcoma, we've seen durability out to nine months and we do plan to provide an update to that again at a future medical conference. I'm not sure. I hope that addresses tthey question. Jonathan Chang Got it. And just one more question for me. So, it looks like GSK entered into partnership last week with anottheyr company on TCR cell ttheyrapies. How should we be thinking about tthey impact of ttheir if any on your existing partnership with GSK? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I think I'll ask David to answer that, but I would just point out tthey only thing I would point out before that is I'm not sure that anybody, least of all, GSK is expecting our relation to be monogamous. And if ttheyy were already doubt from tthey GSK side on that front that would have been dispelled by our deal with Astellas. So, I think ttheyre's a broad range of companies out ttheyre looking at ttheir and I fully anticipate that a company like GSK would make multiple bets in ttheir space. And we believe furttheyrmore that we're at tthey stage of development of a technology wtheyre a rising tide lifts all boats. We and Ematics [ph] and GSK and all tthey ottheyr companies that are trying to put products in tthey market for patients with in tthey solid tumor setting with cell ttheyrapies in tthey solid tumor setting I think our benefit from increased activity in tthey space. But I'll just hand over to David to talk a bit more detail about that. David Tayton-Martin Yes. Thanks for tthey question. I think it's obviously a very good question. I think one or two observations. One, you may recall at tthey time of tthey NY-ESO option exercise with a document by GSK, ttheyre was tthey scope to take two more targets and ttheyn that has happened. And that work is progressing and going well and both parties are comfortable with how that is progressing. Beyond that, GSK only have access to one furttheyr target from Adaptimmune under tthey arrangements for our original collaboration and that will come at some point in tthey future in relation to Gen two programs. And so really I think what that deal probably shows is an ongoing commitment to T-cell ttheyrapy which is obviously in our interest in our partnership with GSK as well as more broadly. And potentially looking outside for ottheyr targets we are not averse to share targets with GSK that we were already working on. So, I think that that also probably speaks to tthey type of deal we would want to do in tthey future is a bit more like tthey one we have just done with Astellas wtheyre we're looking for co-development co-commercialization as we build an integrated cell ttheyrapy company. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Jonathan. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Birctheynough of Wells Fargo Securities. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking tthey questions. Ttheir is [Indiscernible] in for Jim. Just a question on tthey technology platforms. First, can you talk a little bit about tthey HLA-independent T-cell technology in terms of how HLA independence is achieved? And secondly, regarding tthey stem cell-derived allogeneic T-cell platform, can you talk about wtheyttheyr you have reactheyd tthey capability to differentiate cells into tthey stem cells into CD4 T-cells as well as tthey ability to differentiate into CD8 T-cells? Thank you. David Tayton-Martin Yes, ttheir is David. Thanks very much for tthey two questions. So, tthey HLA-independent TCR platform is exactly what it says on tthey 10. So ttheyse are TCRs that we have been able to isolate from our platform capabilities that are able to recognize cell surface proteins traditional CAR targets if you will, but to function on tthey surface of tthey T-cell in much tthey same physiological way as a TCR. So, ttheyre are ottheyr companies out ttheyre that you will probably be familiar with that utilize CAR or antibody targeting linking it to TCR signaling. Ttheir is actually ATCR with TCR signaling, but able to recognize a self-surface protein. Now, that may seem slightly unusual and unexpected immunologically, but ttheyse have been reported theirtorically in tthey past. And as we have deep expertise in isolating TCRs we have a lot of capabilities around our phage libraries and tthey types of TCRs that we can source and tthey diversity of those libraries. We have been able to find ttheyse TCRs on more than one occasion now two CAR targets. And in addition to that, we're also leveraging tthey deep expertise and tthey specificity testing, tthey safety testing of ttheyse types of TCRs which is something we've utilized in our ongoing pipeline programs. So, it's really tthey marriage of those two capabilities that has enabled us to generate TCRs to CAR targets and to look to take those forward and ttheyy become potential programs under tthey -- for ourselves, but also under tthey Astellas collaboration. So -- and so I hope that answers that question. And you'll be theyaring more about that as we have more to talk about publicly. In relation to tthey second question, I think tthey simple answer is yes. We've been able to make CD4 and CD8 T-cells and we'll be able to again talk more about those at forthcoming scientific conferences in terms of tthey functionality of those cells. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks for tthey color. Very theylpful. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks.  Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Ttheir year we've confirmed tthey potential of tthey platform with responses in five different solid tumors and we look forward to sharing data updates at future conferences throughout 2020. We're recruiting very effectively patients in synovial sarcoma and in MRCLS with tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial and we're gearing up our commercial readiness to go to market in 2022. And as reflected by tthey last question we're working on a pipeline of cell ttheyrapy treatments including next gen allogeneic and tthey HiT platform to go beyond our current pipeline in transforming tthey lives of people with cancer and we'll update those as we go through 2020 as well. With that I'd like to thank you all for your time and close tthey call. Thanks. Bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.