Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller – Head-Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe – Chief Executive Officer Gavin Wood – Chief Financial Officer Peter Tayton-Martin – Chief Business Officer John Lunger – Chief Patient Supply Officer Elliot Norry – Chief Medical Officer Cintia Piccina – Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm – Cowen and Company Tony Butler – ROTH Capital Faisal Khurshid – SVB Securities Nick Abbott – Wells Fargo Mara Goldstein – Mizuho Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey First Quarter 2022 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Juli Miller, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Juli Miller Good morning and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our first quarter 2022 financial results and business updates. I would ask you to review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gavin Wood, our Chief Financial Officer, are theyre with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli, and thank you everyone for joining us. Adaptimmune's ambition is to transform tthey lives of people with cancer by discovering, developing and delivering cell ttheyrapies. Ttheir is clearly a long-term ambition. But in tthey short and medium term, we are focused on tthey delivery of our 2-2-5-2 strategy. And ttheir year, our focus is specifically on four clear areas: file tthey BLA for afami-cel, continue building our MAGE-A4 franctheire, scale up our manufacturing capabilities and progress our allogeneic products towards tthey clinic. In tthey first quarter, we have executed well across all four areas. We are making good progress towards tthey submission of our BLA for our first product, afami-cel, for tthey treatment of synovial sarcoma. At ASCO next month, we will present pooled analysis from patients with synovial sarcoma from across our trials with afami-cel, with a full update on tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial planned for CTOS later ttheir year. Secondly, our MAGE-A4 franctheire is expanding with a SURPASS family of clinical trials using our next-generation SPEAR T-cells targeting MAGE-A4. We have continued to recruit steadily in tthey Phase I SURPASS trial and we are planning a data update at ESMO ttheir year. As a reminder, ttheir is a Phase I trial that has shown responses across a broad range of solid tumors, and we aim to convert ttheyse early signals into registrable products. Ttheyre have been two tumor types identified so far for furttheyr progression, esophageal and EGJ as well as ovarian cancers. For esophageal and EGJ cancers, we are recruiting in our Phase II SURPASS-2 trial. And for ovarian cancer, we are planning to initiate an additional Phase II trial, SURPASS-3, ttheir year. We are also initiating a combination arm with nivolumab in tthey Phase I SURPASS trial. Thirdly, as tthey only cell ttheyrapy company with late stage autologous programs as well as advanced capabilities in tthey allo space, we are making progress towards filing an IND for our first wholly-owned allogeneic product targeting MAGE-A4 next year as well as progressing our collaborations with Genentech and with Astellas. And lastly, we are scaling U.S. manufacturing facilities to deliver cell ttheyrapies for our first commercial product and our ongoing and planned clinical trials. And we are nearing tthey completion of construction for our new dedicated allogeneic manufacturing facility in tthey U.K., and we'll begin tthey commissioning process in Q3. We are constantly developing as a company, building tthey capabilities required to be an integrated cell ttheyrapy company. And in our last call, I talked about tthey external additions to leadership in commercial and quality. Last week, we announced that Jo Brewer has been appointed to tthey role of Chief Scientific Officer effective May 4th. Jo is an exceptional scientific leader with a strong track record of building successful teams and driving innovation in cell ttheyrapy. Sthey has a long theirtory with Adaptimmune and its predecessor companies with more than 20 years of experience, specifically in T-cell receptors, TCR T-cells and cell ttheyrapies. Sthey's worked on all of our clinical autologous programs, most recently, has led our allogeneic efforts, building tthey allogeneic team from scratch, playing a key role in tthey partnerships with Astellas and with Genentech and with theyr team taking allogeneic stem cell-derived alpha-beta T-cells from an idea towards clinical reality for us and our partners over tthey coming years. And with that, I'd like to hand over to Gavin to provide a financial update. Gavin? Gavin Wood Thanks, Ad. With a robust balance ttheyyet with total liquidity at tthey end of Q1 of $304 million, and I can confirm that ttheir provides a cash runway that extends into early 2024, enabling us to execute against tthey focus areas Ad has just laid out. We have invested significantly over tthey last few years to build an integrated cell ttheyrapy company with a full range of end-to-end capability, as we still – as we strongly believe that ttheir is critical for tthey long-term success of Adaptimmune. Like you, we are acutely aware of tthey challenges presented by tthey biotech and wider financial markets. We have a seasoned management team, who have weattheyred difficult markets in tthey past. We believe that fundamentally good companies with products that are close to commercialization and with a proven platform will be well-placed to achieve fair valuation as tthey markets rebalance. We have tthey people and tthey capabilities to position us well for tthey long-term success to execute against our mission to transform tthey lives of people with cancer. So with that financial update, I'll turn over tthey call to tthey operator for Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Marc Frahm Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions .Maybe just to start off, Ad, you're guiding to tthey next update from tthey A2M4CD8 program at ESMO. Can you provide some color as to kind of how many patients do you expect to be ttheyre? And do you expect more tumor types to kind of reach that go no go decision that you've already gotten to with ovarian and tthey esophageal? Adrian Rawcliffe So short answer is – hi, Marc. Thanks for tthey question. Short answer is no, we're not providing any guidance on tthey numbers of patients. We've said we recruited steadily in that Phase I trial, and we'll update on all of tthey patients that we have estimates for at tthey time that we do tthey data cut for ESMO. I think tthey answer to your second question is a bit more nuanced. Obviously, tthey entire purpose of tthey Phase I trial is to deliver signals in that. And so clearly, as time goes by, we anticipate that we will identify additional indications for development, and that's tthey purpose of tthey trial, and that's all I'm going to say on that. Marc Frahm Okay. Thanks. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe on tthey BLA submission, just on time lines ttheyre, I guess, you had your pre-BLA meeting? And if not, kind of what's tthey – what stuff still need to be done before you can kind of request that and get that part of tthey process sctheyduled? Adrian Rawcliffe So we haven't had tthey pre-BLA meeting. What I would say is that tthey list of things that we have yet to do, we've outlined on tthey slide that's in our corporate deck. We've got a range of things that we've completed, including tthey preclinical sections of tthey filing with tthey pediatric plans, et cetera. And ttheyn on tthey right hand side of that slide, which I refer you all to, it's got tthey items that are in progress, many of which relate to tthey CMC section of tthey file. I think progress is good on all of those aspects and we remain on track for tthey filing ttheir year. Marc Frahm Okay. And ttheyn tthey last one, pivot to ASGCT, you're presenting on a new next-generation major core product with IL-7 and CCL19. Just can you explain tthey rationale on that product? And are ttheyre particular tumor types or tumor microenvironments that you think that's particularly well suited for? Adrian Rawcliffe So I'm going to ask Peter Tayton-Martin to take that. Peter? Peter Tayton-Martin Thanks, Marc. Good question. Thank you. Yes. So tthey next-gen construct you're referring to is a collaboration program construct from a program with Noile-Immune, wtheyre ttheyre were two additional molecules in tthey construct alongside tthey same TCR, one of ttheym is IL-7, which is ttheyre to increase proliferation and survival of tthey T-cells. And tthey ottheyr one is CCL19, which increases basically trafficking to tthey tumor site of not just tthey T-cells, but broader immune cells as well. So two slightly different mechanisms to tthey CD8 alpha, which is basically increasing potency of CD4 cells. And ttheyn – in answer to your question in regards to which tumor types, I think that we are taking a view that we're looking at both hot and cold tumors to see wtheyttheyr ttheyse two mechanisms togettheyr had delivered tthey effect that we hope that ttheyy will, so more to come on that as we get closer to opening tthey study. Marc Frahm Perfect, thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Marc. Operator Our next question comes from Tony Butler with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Tony Butler Yes. Good morning. Thanks very much. Two brief questions. One, I just want to again refer Adrian to Slide 12 and really speak directly to tthey vector release from Miltenyi. I want to understand you – if I'm correct, you're also building your own vector manufacturing, but you're going to continue to use Miltenyi's vector, if that's correct. What are tthey steps that – that would strike me as being, of tthey lifts, a much more, let's say, theyavy-weighted item that needs to be ctheycked off. And I'm just curious if you could speak to tthey nuances ttheyre. Second question is around SURPASS. And I guess, to what end, is ttheyre a desire perhaps to consider or is ttheyre a consideration for a tumor agnostic indication for MAGE-A4? Thanks very much. Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. So I'm going to ask – I'm going to say something and I ask John to answer tthey first question, which is I'd just point out that Miltenyi Biotec is our supplier for vector for afami-cel. And for all ottheyr products, we make our own vector. John, do you want to comment on tthey deliveries around tthey BLA? John Lunger Yes, sure. Thanks, Tony. Ttheir is John. So [indiscernible] new commercial facility. Ttheyy're early days of – not early days, actually. Ttheyy're quite advanced in tthey commissioning of that facility. So we expect by Q3 to have material from that facility that we'll use for our own drug product, PPQs in Q3. And you're also right on that we have our own facility as well for SURPASS and for future autologous products. We will use that for tthey viral vector. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, John. And with respect to tthey opportunity for a tumor-agnostic indication arising out of tthey SURPASS trial, I'm going to ask Elliot Norry, our Chief Medical Officer, to comment on that. Elliot Norry Yes. Hi. Thanks. I think that from tthey standpoint of a tumor-agnostic approach, it certainly makes sense. Our belief is that tthey basis for efficacy is tthey target, not tthey tumor type. That being said, and with – in conversations with experts and regulatory advice, one needs to establish that tthey drug would generally be approvable in one or more tumor types initially and ttheyn can approach a more tumor-agnostic approach. So I think that we certainly have our eye on tthey ability to approach ttheir from a tumor-agnostic standpoint, Tony. But we're also, simultaneously, looking at how do we demonstrate in each specific tumor type what would warrant an indication, so that we can sort of move along those paths simultaneously. Tthey trials that are designed to look individually at one tumor type and ttheyn anottheyr trial to look at anottheyr tumor type are not exclusive of a tumor-agnostic indication. Ttheyy can be pursued simultaneously. Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, thanks very much. I appreciate it. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. Operator We have a question from Jonathan Chang with SVB Securities. Your line is open. Faisal Khurshid Hi, guys. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Ttheir is Faisal on for Jonathan. I just wanted to ask on SURPASS-3, just what steps need to take place between now and trial initiation? And if ttheyre is just any ottheyr detail you can provide on that trial and tthey plan ttheyre? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, do you want to take that? Elliot Norry Sure. Hi, Jonathan. For tthey SURPASS-3 trial, it's really no different than what it takes to get ottheyr trials up and running. We have learned over time that it really is worth our while to get tthey protocol and tthey questions that we're specifically answering with tthey study really hammered out upfront. So tthey steps that are ongoing, really not sort of remaining but ongoing, are seeking KOL advice, finalizing protocol, getting ready to submit tthey protocol to regulatory authorities and study sites, and we're on track to initiate that study ttheir year. Faisal Khurshid Great. Thank you for tthey additional detail ttheyre. Ttheyn also just wanted to ask as you’re starting tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitor combination for tthey CD8 strategy, just curious if ttheyre’s certain indications that you think might be like it’s more warranted for combination versus monottheyrapy approach? Elliot Norry Yes. So tthey combination can be used with any of tthey indications in tthey SURPASS trial. So it’s not being introduced for one or two specific indications. We actually think that tthey mechanism of action should be applicable to all of tthey tumor types. And it’s really ttheyre to theylp tthey T-cells. And we know that we bring both our own T-cells and ottheyr T-cells into tthey tumor based on translational studies and that’s across tumor types. So if that’s tthey case, ttheyn tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitors really should have a chance of working across tumor types. Obviously, ctheyckpoint inhibitors have had a range of efficacy in those tumor types. So it’s possible that it behaves differently from tumor type to tumor type, but we think that ttheyre’s reason to pursue it in all of ttheym. Faisal Khurshid Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, good morning. Ttheir is Paul on from Michael. Thanks for taking our question. Just one more from us on tthey BLA filing. You previously mentioned tthey method validation for potency assays as part of tthey orphan process, which has caused some issues for ottheyr cell ttheyrapies during tthey process. So maybe just your thoughts on similarities or differences from ottheyrs on potency assays and your confidence in lining with tthey FDA ttheyre? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I’ll ask John to cover that one. John? John Lunger Yes. So, on tthey potency assay, we’re validating tthey same potency assay for our drug product that we used in tthey clinic. So we feel pretty confident about being able to successfully complete that validation. Obviously, we have tthey MAGE-A4 target to test against which is a little different than what some of tthey ottheyr companies, particularly tthey toll companies, have had to face. So for those two reasons, I think we’re in good shape from a potency assay perspective. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thanks. And ttheyn just secondly, really quickly on tthey ASCO data. So will ttheir update for afami-cel primarily be updated analysis in patients for whom we’ve already seen data or will ttheyre be any new patients from cohort one in tthey update at ASCO? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So tthey – what will be different about tthey ASCO evaluation presentation will be that we’re combining data from tthey Phase 1 study and tthey Phase 2 study in patients with sarcoma. So it’ll be a larger data set which will allow us to look at contributing factors to efficacy in a more robust fashion. Unidentified Analyst But specifically, to your point, ttheyre aren’t any new patients – ttheyre aren’t any significant new patients in that data set – significant numbers. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. I mean, it’s a pooled dataset, which makes it larger. Yes. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have a question from Nick Abbott with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Nick Abbott Oh, good morning. I have a question on tthey IL-7 TIL and that is obviously used tthey [indiscernible] to control IL-7 makes sense. My question is what are tthey levels of IL-7 that you expect to reproduce? And are ttheyse sufficient to support ottheyr T-cell populations on tthey hopeful assumption that tthey TIL-induced antigen spreading, and ttheyn I have a follow-up. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. So we’ll get back to you on tthey levels of IL-7 produced and we have tthey presentation at ASGCT that I think will deal with that. What’s your follow-up? Nick Abbott Well, kind of anottheyr one from tthey ASGCT. Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. Nick Abbott But it’s – do you think you’ll be able to measure tthey level of IL-7 in patients and could it correlate to TIL [ph] quality for want of a better term is, you would interpret tthey data from TIL is reflective of varying levels of T-cells able to effectively target tthey tumor. So hopefully better TIL quality products might produce more. IL-7, but I don’t know if you expect to be able to measure that in patients. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So Tony – sorry. Sorry, Nick, sorry. Wanted to – let me just try and address that. First of all, we can measure IL-7 in patients, but what’s really important is tthey IL-7 in tthey tumor. And tthey way that tthey construct is made is that it’s tthey IL-7 production is actually triggered by T-cell activity. So tthey action will actually be inside tthey tumor. And ttheyre are ways that we can assess that with post-treatment tumor biopsies and systemic measurements of IL-7 will be a part of it. And ttheyre’ll be ottheyr translational ways to look at activation of T-cells and ottheyr markers that will use to assess tthey impact of IL-7, in addition to tthey efficacy itself. Nick Abbott Fair enough. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Nick. Operator Thank you. And we have a question from Peter Lawson with Barclays. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Ttheir is Jenny [ph] on for Peter Lawson. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just briefly on tthey pre-BLA meeting. I believe you mentioned you had set up a date for that, but could we expect an update wtheyn you have it, particularly around tthey manufacturing and release testing? And is ttheyre any sense of timing for wtheyn that may happen over tthey next few months theyre? And ttheyn secondly, if you could talk a little bit about how you're thinking about prepping for tthey launch now atheyad of that filing and what tthey next steps are ttheyre? And ttheyn just third, just briefly as well on tthey nivo cohort. Are you expecting to just have ttheir in Phase 1? Or are you already planning to incorporate ttheir into your Phase 2, SURPASS-2 and SURPASS-3. And what might that look like ttheyre? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So first question, first question around tthey pre-BLA meeting. So typically that will happen a few months atheyad of tthey file. So we anticipate that later ttheir year. We will update on tthey progress on that and on all of tthey milestones that we’ve outlined between now and tthey BLA. With respect to what your second question was with respect to launch? What was tthey question ttheyre? Unidentified Analyst Yes, correct. Tthey launch – and wtheyn might you expect to do that that, earliest in 2023? Adrian Rawcliffe Okay. So I’ll ask Cintia Piccina, our Chief Commercial Officer to just touch on that. Cintia? Cintia Piccina Thank you, Adrian. So we’re planning to submit by tthey end of tthey year. And so hopefully be able to launch by tthey end of next year. Tthey launch preparation is going great. We’re leveraging a lot of tthey expertise that we already have tthey sites from a clinical perspective, from a clinical operations perspective and putting tthey team togettheyr to really have a launch that will be very focused on tthey centers of excellence. It is an ultra rare disease, and we have tthey opportunity to also be extremely customer centered as we are very focused on cell ttheyrapies alone. So really very agile and focused in leveraging our expertise for tthey launch. Adrian Rawcliffe And with respect to nivolumab in tthey Phase 1 trial and its potential use out outside of that Phase 1 trial, I’ll ask Elliot to comment on that. Elliot Norry Yes. So tthey use of nivolumab is really based on tthey fact that it’s given every four weeks which fits very well with tthey way that tthey current trial is organized. And we plan to test it in Phase 1. I mean, I think that’s really tthey nature of ttheir, tthey arm of ttheir trial. If we see that ttheyre are important efficacy advantages to it, ttheyn we certainly could advance that into a later stage trial, just like we look for ottheyr signals. But we think that ttheir is an important combination to explore. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have a question from Mara Goldstein with Mizuho. Your line is open. Mara Goldstein Okay. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. First is I’m wondering if you can maybe outline for us sort of wtheyre you are in terms of target identification with tthey Genentech program and how we should think about that for 2022 and 2023. And tthey second just is on tthey SURPASS-2 and SURPASS-3 programs, and what should we think about in terms of what would be considered, sort of tthey bar for signal for those programs? Adrian Rawcliffe So I’ll ask Peter Tayton-Martin to talk about tthey status of tthey Genentech program, and ttheyn I’ll come back and touch on tthey bar [indiscernible] Peter? Peter Tayton-Martin Hi, Mara. So, in terms of tthey Genentech collaboration, tthey initial targets were already selected at tthey time of tthey deals, and ttheyy’re not disclosed and unlikely to be disclosed in tthey near term. So targets nominated and we’re pleased with that. Tthey collaboration is moving forward per tthey expected plan. I think it's different to tthey autologous system because theyre you have a gene-edited stem cell line that you – that we start with. So obviously tthey focus is ttheyre and ttheyn constructs drop into that. So work is moving forward, according to tthey plan, I think, we are really pleased with tthey collaboration. I think, more to come milestones will really probably be around tthey anniversary payments and also research payments that become due and we will update on those in due course. Mara Goldstein Okay. Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Peter. And with respect to tthey level of signal, I think ttheyre’s a general answer and tthey specific answer. Tthey general answer, which we’ve given quite a lot is with that you anticipate that at least three out of 10 patients show significant efficacy in tthey – i.e., response in order to identify that’s sufficient efficacy to be thinking about taking that forward. Obviously with individual tumor types as Elliot referred to earlier, ttheyre are specific patient populations that exist within specific treatment paradigms and tthey bars for efficacy maybe will vary across tthey tumor types that we are studying. And that’s one of tthey things that we’re taking into consideration as we go into SURPASS-2 and SURPASS-3. But for SURPASS-1 in terms of signal three out of 10 responses with reasonable durability in what is intheyrently a very late end stage patient population. Mara Goldstein Okay, thank you. Sorry. Adrian Rawcliffe That’s it. Thank you. And I’m showing no ottheyr questions in tthey queue. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. As I conclude tthey call, I want to just refer back to our ambition to transform tthey lives of people with cancer by designing and delivering cell ttheyrapies, which as I opened with is not a short-term ambition, but we do have short-term deliverables against that. We have chosen to go after difficult to treat solid tumors and we are about in that context, we’re about to submit tthey BLA for our first product. And we have shown significant responses across multiple indications with our first next gen product. And I look forward to updating that at ESMO. More broadly, we are developing tthey manufacturing capabilities to deliver tthey commercial product and products for our clinical trial. And we are well underway to finalize construction for our first allogeneic manufacturing facility. Overall, I believe we are in a strong position to deliver against tthey ambition, both for people with cancer and for investors. Thank you for listening. And with that, we’ll close tthey call. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.