Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2019 8:00 PM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - IR James Noble - CEO Austin Tayton-Martin - Chief Business Officer Adrian Rawcliffe - CFO Rafael Amado - President, Research and Development Conference Call Participants Jonathan Chang - SVB Leerink Peter Lawson - Sun Trust Robinson Michael Schmidt - Guggentheyim Securities Marc Frahm - Cowen & Company Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Soumit Roy - Jones Trading Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Ms. Juli Miller. Ma'am, you may begin. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results and ottheyr business updates. We issued a press release earlier ttheir morning and I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements. As a reminder, we anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors. In addition, I would like to make you aware of an update to our SPEAR T-Cell nomenclature. From theyre forward, we will refer to our SPEAR T-Cells with a prefix ADP or our company name, followed by a reference to tthey HLA type specific for tthey SPEAR T-Cell, which currently a A2 for all of our trials and ttheyn a reference to tthey target antigen. So MAGE-A10 is now ADP-A2M10, MAGE-A4 is ADP-A2M4, and AFP is ADP-A2AFP. Ttheir is also outlined on our website for reference.  James Noble, our Chief Executive Officer is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call, and ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to James Noble. James? James Noble Thank you, Juli. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We came a very long way during 2018. We started tthey year with trials in our partnered NY-ESO program and two studies with our wholly-owned SPEAR T-Cells targeting MAGE-A10. We had not treated any patients in our ottheyr wholly-owned programs targeting MAGE-A4 or AFP. In January last year, we had just announced our first successful manufacture of patient product at our Navy Yard facility and that we had finalized an agreement to open a dedicated vector manufacturing plant in tthey UK.  By tthey end of 2018, we had transitioned tthey NY-ESO program to GSK, allowing us to focus on our three wholly-owned programs. Our trials with our SPEAR T-Cells targeting MAGE-A10, MAGE-A4 and AFP all cleared major safety milestones and progressed throughout 2018. In addition, we are routinely manufacturing patient product at targeted doses at our Navy Yard facility for multiple solid tumors and we expect to have our first vector production in tthey UK in 2019.  In our trials with ADP-A2M10 and ADP-A2M4, we saw no evidence of off-target toxicity or alloreactivity in tthey first three dose cohorts, which enabled us to progress in to tthey expansion phase treating patients with up to 10 billion cells. We are currently enrolling in dosing in tthey expansion phase of all three studies. As previously indicated we are accumulating data and plan to give a full clinical update at our quarterly call in May of ttheir year.  We also cleared tthey first dose cohort in our ADP-A2AFP study and are currently dosing in tthey second cohort with target doses of 1 billion cells. Later today, you will find an abstract that will be available online for tthey upcoming AACR conference, wtheyre we will provide a safety update on tthey first two patients on ttheir study. We plan to provide furttheyr updates throughout tthey year.  Our trials have progressed as planned and we continue to add new clinical clients. We are working with more than 20 active clinical sites at leading cancer centers in tthey USA, Canada, and in tthey EU. We’ve also increased our focus on our translation research to understand fully our SPEAR details. To that end, ttheyre were several key features of translational data of ttheir logjam which we believe are critical to tthey conduct of our trials.  First, tthey data from cohort 1 and 4 of our partner NY-ESO study in tthey Synovial Sarcoma indicated that a more intense preconditioning regimen could be beneficial. Second, upon furttheyr investigation of tthey cytokine profile from tthey periptheyral blood of ttheyse patients, we found that ttheyre were high levels of cytokines that promote T-cell growth and expansion in tthey cohort 1 patients who received more intense pre-conditioning, compared to tthey cohort 4 patients. Ttheyse data prompted us to increase tthey intensity of pre-conditioning in our current trials.  We have learned a great deal of our translation research to-date and it will continue to inform our current and future trials. We have been working for some time on ways to improve how our T-cells can find and destroy cancer cells as part of our next generation programs. We have already shared data with two initial next generation approactheys namely, (inaudible) and TGF Beta. As you’ve seen anottheyr AACR, abstract coming out later today, we will share initial data for anottheyr next generation SPEAR T-cell, in which we have added a CD8 alpha homodimer that will be expressed along with our engineered TCR targeting MAGE-4. Tthey addition of tthey CD8 element is believed to increase TCR finding ability and promote CD4 T-cells responsive post infusion, ttheyreby broadening tthey immune response against our tumor targets.  We also made good progress with our off-tthey-ttheyylf program in 2018. In addition, we have been actively exploring potential collaborations with partners which have technologies that could enhance tthey activity of our SPEAR T-cells. Ttheir is an exciting area and one in which we fell we are well positioned to lead tthey way and advance in not only our knowledge in TCR ttheyrapy, but also tthey way in which TCRs are employed to fight cancers.  Turning to manufacturing; capacity at our Navy Yard facility is now at 10 patients per month and scalable to 30 patients without significant additional capital expenditure. We also had capacity for 10 patients per month at our CMO HCAT, formally PTT. In addition, we have implemented rapid sterility testing at our Navy Yard facility to better deliver SPEAR T-cells to patients. With respect to vector, we are well positioned with our own vector manufacturing coming online as well as production in place of a third party vendor. Tthey vendor has already manufactured vector for ADP-A2M10, ADP-A2M4, ADP-A2FP and next generation SPEAR T-cells, and we anticipate vector production using our proprietary suspension process at our dedicated facility in 2019.  We remain funded till late 2020 and are well positioned to complete our trials and to initiate tthey next stage development. We continue to examine different trials with our eye to tthey future to say that we can utilize our ttheyrapies in tthey most effective way for patients.  With that I’d like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. You may proceed.  Jonathan Chang First question, based on tthey NY-ESO experience, would you expect responses on tthey MAGE-A4 and A10 studies to be achieved in tthey first two scans? James Noble Rafael, do you want to call it? Rafael Amado I’m not sure I theyard tthey question, so you’re saying tthey sort of true scales? James Noble Tthey questions Rafael just to repeat, it wasn’t quite clear was, based on tthey NY-ESO experience would you expect to see responses wtheyn you have had two scans in patients? Rafael Amado It’s a good question, in general in sarcoma responders have responded perhaps within tthey first two scans. Many patients have ttheyir first scan were on ttheyir way to responding, but didn’t achieve tthey 40% threshold from resist. So ttheyse are not prominent responses wtheyre you see large decreases in tumor size right away. So perhaps you start with tthey percentage and ttheyn eventually crosses tthey threshold, wtheyreas at tthey second scan or tthey third that varies patient by patient.  I think tthey patient that took tthey longest to respond took six months. And occasionally ttheyre’s been patients that have responded at tthey first scan, but I would say that by tthey second scan, a majority of patients that were to responded have responded. Now those are unconfirmed responses, so as you know one needs anottheyr scan at least 28 days later to confirm that response.  Jonathan Chang Second question, can you talk about reasons for confidence and why responses could be achieved at tthey current high dose being evaluated in those studies, with tthey optimized size for measurement? Rafael Amado I’ll just say a couple of comments and ttheyn pass it on to you James. But I think nobody knows what’s tthey best condition in regimen is but choosing those two drugs both in terms of clinical outcomes measured by response and durability and also by biomarkers such as Cytokines that promote T-cell expansion, higtheyr doses of fludarabine are better and that’s I think been shown in our NY-ESO studies and ttheyn we’ve been able to replicate in our mixed trials as well.  We are now looking at tthey role of cyclophosphamide and wtheyttheyr higtheyr doses of cyclophosphamide such as dose employed in cohort 1 also contribute to higtheyr peak expansion and so I think conditioning is definitely important and higtheyr doses of cells we know what tthey minimum dose is, we haven’t authorized tthey dose response verified tthey upper limit of some numbers because frankly we didn’t make sense of 16 billion cells in tthey past. Now routinely we are able to make high number of cells in our facility and so we’re planning to see wtheyttheyr ttheyre is dose response relationship at tthey upper range of tthey dosing term. So I think a higtheyr dose question is still to be answered tthey slower I think it’s a billion cells, we rarely see below a billion.  James Noble Yeah, I think you’re right, tthey concept of dose rising studies wasn’t always in any of tthey protocols, eittheyr authorized to any of tthey ottheyr players, and so if you’d actually get back to tthey NY-ESO cohort, we’ve actually dosed tthey patient with a number of cells that we had produced out of tthey previous manufacturing systems. In fact from memory in cohort 1 it varied to about 300 million cells to14 billion, and in fact tthey range was based on at least 10% transfused cells anywtheyre between 1 billion and 10 billion cells in fact one patient got 14 billion cells. Ttheyre wasn’t a dose response information coming out of tthey original studies because none of ttheym were designed that way, but we are seeing as Rafael said that if you see nothing wtheyn you dose patients with a billion cells, but don’t get any decent resistance or expansion in-vivo. So we think obviously ttheir is tthey best threshold effect.  Rafael Amado I would also add wtheyn ttheir product was tested at tthey NCI, ttheyy gave a medium of 50 billion cells and ttheir was some time ago, ttheyy used IL2, it was [wild] vector, it was a different manufacturing process. So ttheyre are all tthey caveats about wtheyttheyr tthey T-cells were tthey same. Tthey TCR was tthey same TCR, but tthey details may have been different. But in current condition ttheyy routinely administer many for higtheyr doses. So I think no one really knows in tthey TRC what tthey optimal high dose is, and as I said before we are attempting to characterize it now because ttheir is really tthey right time to do it during dose finding studies. Jonathan Chang Just one last question from me, will investors get a sense of your ability of response you have achieved in tthey (inaudible)? James Noble I think that’s very difficult to expect, just because of tthey way tthey expansion and those cohort really started to vary towards tthey end of last year, and actually ttheyn what happened you have to understand quite a long period for first of all tthey patients that we have treated, ttheyn ttheyy have tthey cells that you manufactured and ttheyn tthey first scan doesn’t take place for eittheyr four weeks or six weeks depending on tthey protocol on to tthey second scan that wasn’t going to take place for anottheyr four weeks after that. So tthey first scan just gives you unconfirmed response stages, second gives you confirm, but I don’t think we’ll have any meaningful durability data in ttheyre. I don’t think it’s time to work for that.  Operator And our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Sun Trust Robinson. You may proceed.  Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is (inaudible) for Peter. I guess a few questions on around tthey expansion cohort. It seems to us that ttheyre are two dimensions in tthey expansion phase, one, tthey lack is staggering but also ttheyre is an increase of upper range for tthey target close to 10 billion from 6 billion. Wtheyn you talk a little bit about tthey progress you’ve made in manufacturing and ttheyy take advantage of using tthey increased upper limit, because it seems to us that both tthey manufacturing (inaudible) not so much patient characteristics but also can you comment on wtheyn a certain patient may be excluded from being able to take in high dosage as well? James Noble Yes, I’ll make a general comment, and that’s, I think two years wtheyttheyr we regularly produce 5 million, we’d have said, no way, but actually we have made a lot of progress, but I’ll let Ad to comment specifically Ad Rawcliffe, our CFO, since they’s in charge of manufacturing.  Ad Rawcliffe Yes. So I think you’re right to characterize as Rafael spoke to tthey confidence in tthey top end of that dose ranges been establittheyyd by tthey performance of tthey manufacturing organization over tthey past 18 months or so, and key to that is obviously tthey setting up of our own cell manufacturing site and tthey development of that up to its current capacity of sort of theyading patients lots for a month for tthey moment.  And we are routinely getting cell doses out new cells that are around 10 billion cells and in some cases ttheyy’re even higtheyr. So it seems logical to be able to give all of those cells to patients, and we’ve not so far characterized patients who would not be eligible for tthey top end of that dose different to tthey 6 billion thresholds on tthey first cohort eittheyr. But that’s all a function of tthey number of new cells that we get out which in turn relies on tthey vector efficiency and things like that. So it’s a number of improvements across tthey entire manufacturing process that has led us to ttheir point.  James Noble Yes, I would point out that something is being remarked on before and that’s tthey biggest variable for autologous T-cell ttheyrapy as close to starting material, and I think ttheyre is an incredible advantage of having your own manufacturing facility. Say for example, we can actually normally tell within tthey first week of manufacturing a particular patient wtheyttheyr we’re going to get enough cells at tthey end of tthey manufacture at tthey end of sort of four days or so. We actually know wtheyttheyr we’re going to have success, and if we’re not looking very successful and ttheyn being just initiate a second round for tthey same patient out of tthey same (inaudible) and make it up so tthey patient will never know that ttheyre was a – tthey manufacturing was difficult. And I think all of those things are part of tthey learning that really justifies tthey investment in having our own facility. In fact I would go so far as to say that not having your own manufacturing is more catastrophic for an autologous T-cell company right now because tthey technology is still beholding and tthey only way you can control that evolution is to have tthey process under your own hands, under you own roof.  Unidentified Analyst So right now from MAGE-A4 I guess you have three patients in progress for tthey expansion on – you have met how many patients, you may have seen from tthey expansion, and ttheyn also given all ttheyse however was in place, what do you say on I guess of all tthey patients you would probably treat, how many of ttheym may receive up to 10 billion or so dose? James Noble We’re not giving individual patients (inaudible), but anybody in tthey expansion phase is eligible to get 10 billion. So if some will, some won’t.  Unidentified Analyst I guess my final question is for Rafael, how are you thinking about integrating (inaudible) combined your role in clinical and R&D, can you give us a little bit more color about your plan on integrating tthey two and tthey changes that may be made for R&D to clinic? Ad Rawcliffe That’s a great question. I think oncology is a comparative disadvantage to have R&D integrated because as you know approvals can be obtained very early to take trials, and so you want to have a cross-pollination of people that understand how to develop drugs, how to write labels and how to understand unmet needs and regulatory guidance etcetera. Those people who are working with tthey scientists very early on have a selective target and how ttheyy use surrogate markers for [TKPV] relationships and eventually how to design tthey trial.  And so our discovery group now is exclusively focused on opportunities that have line of sight to making medicines, and all tthey activities that support not just obviously tthey discovery of tthey product, but also characterization and improvement and translation of sciences that will tell us how our products are functioning in vivo. So likewise, discovery group is also now better informed of what’s happening in tthey clinic, and so wtheyn we are designing improvement such as tthey some ottheyr ones that James described in tthey second generation, ttheyy’re going to be tailored to whatever deficits we are observing in patient tissue with regards to tthey potency of tthey T-cells, ttheyir ability to traffic to tthey tumor site to kill cancer cells, to persist etcetera.  So, it’s that cross talk I think that’s going to be really necessary from tthey choice of tthey target to tthey choice of tthey disease to characterization in patients back to improvement of tthey TCR and tthey T-cell product. And so instead of a three legged stool if you will, aside from precision development, manufacturing is an integral part of what we do because its related to T-cell i.e. [TCR] cell that causes cancer killing and ttheyy are also very integrated within our discovery and development group. So that’s being really tthey emphasis since I took over is to really unify ttheyse three groups and remove anything that was strenuous to being able to get a job in tthey market. So I know ttheir is sort of high level answer, so I think those are tthey fundamentals of R&D organization at tthey moment.  Operator And our next question comes from Peter Lawson with SunTrust. You may proceed.  Peter Lawson Just a couple of follow-ups, as we think beyond May, tthey potential updates ttheyre, how should we be thinking about tthey timing and ottheyr data for tthey year on potential venues to data? James Noble So wtheyn we say we’re going to give a full update in May, we’re going to give details on responses if any obviously across tthey programs, and we’re also going to give an update of what we intend to do with tthey programs, first and second generation, in ottheyr words what furttheyr trials we’ll be setting up, which trials we’ll be looking to start and we also at that time give details of wtheyre we can present.  As you know, one of tthey issues with presenting with ttheyse very small patient numbers is tthey very long lead times for tthey conferences that are sometimes difficult unless you give really breaking abstract. So in tthey May meeting we intend to give a sort of complete overview of wtheyre we are today and we’re going from today, and if we can we’ll give tthey confident information out at that time. As you’ve seen today, we’ve just got a couple of abstract on tthey ATR, which will be publittheyyd online later today, and one on tthey CD8 and one on tthey feel safety profile and we’ll obviously be following it out. So we do intend to give credible May update not just saying what just happened in tthey trials, but also what we’re going to be plan in future, which programs going to get forward in what respect and what type of trials and we’ll also try to give a better implication of wtheyre we expect to present data.  Peter Lawson And based on what data you have so far, and also have a (inaudible) landscape of change, and do you think it’s kind of pointing north to combination ttheyrapies versus mono ttheyrapy? James Noble I think we are interested in both types. I think we remain interested in both. We’ve always as you know with tthey NY-ESO program we ran a combination (inaudible) GSK, we ran a combination study with key (inaudible) and that was an initial study, which we handed over to ttheym. And actually it’s more important to look at tthey effect of monottheyrapy and ttheyn to see if ttheyre is a role for a scientific rationale for adding a combination to that. So rattheyr than start off with that, I think we’ll always start with a monottheyrapy. If you like it maybe first generation, may be second generation and ttheyn add a combination study to that if it’s appropriate in tthey context of that disease, as we didn’t grant a combination study in sarcoma because it wouldn’t be appropriate in that instance. So I think wtheyre ttheyre is a role, wtheyre ttheyre is a disease which might theylp, we’re just as keen as ever, but we’re soft with monottheyrapy and with combination trials wtheyn ttheyre is a disease wtheyre I can say tthey combination will be beneficial.  Peter Lawson And ttheyn just a couple of questions for Adrian, just around any pointers on expansion of 2019 and how we should be thinking about compensate revenue, why not (inaudible)? James Noble I think tthey guidance that we’ve given produces a fairly logic or rational outcome as to what tthey cash burn will be for 2019 and 2020 versus tthey end of tthey last year we closed with 205 million of total liquidity, and that we’ve said it takes us to late 2020. So we’re not going to give time on those expense line by expense line basis or indeed in total, but I think that gives you a fairly clear runway as to what that is likely to look like with inbound materiality certainly.  On tthey revenue line, I think tthey large payments that we’ve had relating to tthey GSK contract, I think have largely happened in tthey short terms in 2018 and 2017 as well. And tthey GSK contract is now in a phase wtheyre as we’ve talked about before ttheyy’re able to nominate additional targets, but we complete tthey work through to a preclinical stage and we locate that in to tthey (inaudible) and that will carry on and we anticipate getting revenue from that, but not to tthey same magnitude obviously as tthey option fees or in tthey future development milestones that might be associated with any of tthey programs. Peter Lawson And tthey ottheyr income expense line item, I didn’t catch that, is ttheyre anything, was ttheyre one timing that? James Noble Tthey ottheyr income or expense line largely relates to tthey exchange rate gains and losses on tthey portfolio of investments that we hold as part of our total liquidity balance. So we hold those and tthey balance ttheyyet of our UK subsidiary wtheyn converted back in to dollars. So ttheyre is not actually a – it’s not a real expense gain or loss, but it is an accounting expense gain or loss.  Operator And tthey next question from Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim Securities. You may proceed. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is actually Kelsie on for Michael. Two quick questions, first, on your last earnings call you had mentioned that a 10 enrollment was recruiting non-small cell in kind of cross-bow study, and ttheyn tthey A4 was mostly ovarian. Has ttheyre been a focus on furttheyr diversifying or should we be expecting mostly read through to those two. And ttheyn secondly, how will be tthey May data update inform potential mix development steps on over tthey clinical hurdle.  James Noble Rafael, do you want to answer that one? Rafael Amado For MAGE-A10 ttheyre are two trials, one is exclusively long and obviously that one is embroiling theirtology of lung cancer that’s (inaudible) mostly, and that’s in tthey expansion phase as was mentioned before. And ttheyn ttheyre is a triple tumor one which is enrolling bladder, theyad and neck and melanoma and you’ll have to look at tthey numbers, but I think it’s been pretty diversified in terms of tthey theirtology for those three tumor types. So we haven’t really suffered from a clustering of a particular tumor type in tthey triple tumor.  Later what we did initially in tthey dose expansion have mostly ovarian cancer patient, and that was just a function of tthey (inaudible) we had NY-ESO study in ovarian cancer. So we had a lot of patients that we knew already who were actually too positive and tthey investigators were very keen to see wtheyttheyr ttheyy would qualify for tthey MAGE-A4 study, and so ttheyrefore we got bonus of patients that came through and because we were trying to characterize tthey safety and tolerability, that theirtology wasn’t as critical.  Since ttheyn we’ve made efforts to expand tthey range of tumors. While we said that ttheyre are nine tumor types in tthey MAGE-A4 study, so it’s really very difficult to have a very good representation of each one of tthey tumor types and we won’t have that by May, because obviously by May tthey study wouldn’t have finittheyyd. But we have made a lot of progress in enrolling patients with ottheyr diseases including bladder, theyad and neck, some melanomas, and gastric and ottheyrs. And recently, I think we announced in tthey quick north to recent past that we added sarcoma to tthey trial, and so we went atheyad and added a number of centers that sarcoma center with which we had been working in tthey past in NY-ESO.  So we have runway of patients with synovia sarcoma and we’re also trying to recruit MRCLS patient and we’ve been very successful in timing those patients. Some of ttheym have been treated already, some are being treated now and some to be treated, hopefully we’ll have some results to talk about during tthey main call. So I would tell you we’ll be full diversity in MAGE-A4, but ttheyre will be representation from a number of tumors. And in order to accomplish that to disease specific sites as well. In tthey past we were mostly in phase 1 sites, wtheyre we would get whatever gets referred to tthey phase 1 unit and now we are able to go to tthey two specific sites to get tthey specific tumors that we would like to get to have in enough diversity.  And in terms of what would emerge from that, I think we would characterize tthey signal wtheyre we announce before we launch in to last trials or registration trials and I think that’s something that we will know wtheyn we see it. And so if we see responses we will continue to enroll in tthey particular theirtology to try to characterize tthey benefit risk and ttheyn make decisions on wtheyre to invest our resources for phase 2/3 registration studies, and we have to be able to make those positions ttheir year.  Operator And our next question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen & Company. You may proceed.  Marc Frahm You just clarified in your earlier comment wtheyn you kind of described tthey agenda tthey May update. You just said programs, is it still going to be tthey MAGE programs or should we expect to kind of have a fulsome update on ASP as well? James Noble We’ll play with whatever is going to on happen on ASP, but as we’ve repeatedly told you it’s a much slower study to recruit, but we are recruiting patients at tthey fit-in level. So we’re still not at tthey 5 billion level, we haven’t got ttheyre. It is slower to recruit and we have been adding centers recently trying to speed that up. So we’ll tell you whatever we’ve got I think is tthey answer of May. But it’s going to be – ttheyre will be far more MAGE-A10, MAGE-A4 patients to come until and ttheyn ttheyre will be for ASP. Marc Frahm You now have a menu of different generation two or next generation construct that you disclosed or about to disclose (inaudible), could you talk about which one do you think you’re going to file that and what tthey level of data is supporting that that’s tthey right choice for tthey first one.  James Noble We’re not disclosing today which one we’re going to pick for tthey IND, we’ve now disclosed details on four different programs, so one was (inaudible) and tthey (inaudible) feature which we’ve talked about before. Ttheir week we actually had publittheyyd (inaudible) on IL7 which tthey third, tthey fourth one is tthey CDA program, and for competitive reasons really we don’t go to tell people wtheyre we’re going exactly, but in general ttheyy are going to inform tthey effect of tthey T-cells in man, but we will be telling people at tthey May meeting wtheyn we’re going to file an IND and for what. It will come as a great surprise what we do with MAGE-A4 because it is clear from all of us that MAGE-A4 has a much higtheyr presentation than MAGE-A10 or in fact invasive for that matter in patients. Ttheyre’s are many more patients expressed MAGE-A4 than present MAGE-A10, I might say even more furttheyr than tthey (inaudible) I think. So it will be to do with MAGE-A4, but we will update tthey timing of an IND and which one we’ve selected for IND as tthey main meeting.  Marc Frahm And ttheyn tthey last one, you mentioned through 2018 tthey kind of progress in manufacturing and now you have in-house tthey ability to do roughly 10 patients per month. Yeah, and ttheyre is ttheir flexibility to expand our base. Are ttheyre plans in 2019 to expand beyond that or do you think tthey 10 capacity is tthey right place for you for tthey near term future? James Noble Obviously, tthey most effect of tthey trial tthey more we need capacity. It’s easy for us to get to 30 a month in terms of capital expenditure in ttheir Navy Yard facility. We’ve actually built quite a lot of number of suites and essentially just equip tthey suites more affectively. So you could get to 30 a month, and don’t forget we have 10 a month that (inaudible). But to get to ttheyre is relatively simple, and doesn’t involve much expenditure to carry or pounce that 30 plus 10 would involve a series fatality of tthey building we’ve closed tthey empty half of tthey building which we - is for tthey next stage. We’ve got tthey facilities in place in order to expand. If we get to 30, I’d say is a relatively insignificant magic half essentially to our people and to go beyond that 30 requires a significant expenditure.  Operator And our next question comes from Reni Benjamin with Raymond James. You may proceed.  Reni Benjamin James in tthey past we’ve talked about our response rate of somewtheyre in tthey 30% range wtheyn it came to a go or no-go decision. I kind of wanted to just get a sense from you now, based on all tthey data that you’ve seen so far, is that still tthey boogie that we’re looking at, and going forward if that isn’t met let’s say for one indication, does that – it doesn’t seem like ttheyre’s any more tinkering per say that we can do, and maybe we can go about 10 billion cells. I’m not sure what else can be done, if you can kind of talk about what else can be done if tthey response rates are below 30% and has that boogie changed at all that’d be great.  James Noble I think so far it is a complex procedure for patients. If one projects forward having something on tthey market, it wouldn’t be fair for tthey patients and I don’t think you would expect clinicians and payers to favor something without a reasonable response rate. And that’s really wtheyre ttheyt3 in 10 came from. If you have a sort of one in 20 patients responding, I just don’t see (inaudible) cells that’d be really cutting tthey mustard, so that’s wtheyre that came from. So in general I don’t think that has changed very much, but I don’t agree with tthey second half of your question as well sentiment that isn’t much what you can do, yeah you can put up tthey doses.  Rafael mentioned earlier that tthey MTI is based to more than 50 billion cells, but actually that’s exactly tthey tinkering that you do. I think your word it’s actually that sort of second generation is about, and ttheyy do different characteristics, ttheyy are designed to address tthey issues of tthey tumor microenvironment or epitope spreading etcetera which ottheyr things may make cells less affective or in tthey case tthey CD8 program which we just sealed, you’ll see tthey process later today for ACR that’s really to make CD4 cells active as CD8 cells if you like and that could induce a whole series of different things. So I think we are, as I’ve said many times before, we are on tthey foothills of exploring a very complicated technology.  I’m personal fantastically pleased that we can dose large numbers of cells apparently safely without series – any protectivity or alloreactivity. And tthey last bit of that, ttheyre were two things I’d add on to that and that’s – one is tthey combination which I mentioned earlier maybe appropriate and I also think that it is astounding how many technologies are out ttheyre to enhance tthey performance of cells in tthey cell ttheyrapy, and we have been looking very keenly at and I actually signed a few comfort deals with technology companies.  And so I think ttheyre are a lot of different things you can do, wtheyttheyr its characterizing tthey cells. You look back in to people wtheyttheyr its enhancing tthey activation of tthey cells in tthey patients, wtheyttheyr its combination, wtheyttheyr its increasing tthey ability to track a good tumor or to deal with tumor micro-environment. I think ttheyre are many different routes to go, and Rafael put their finger on ttheir earlier in response to that question about coordinating research with development. And they said essentially that’s what tthey research engine is doing now, it is making better medicines by taking in to account tthey data we’re getting back or tthey consolational data we’re getting back from patients looking at both tthey characterization of tthey cells and tthey response data to see how could enhance it. So I’d say it’s probably only about 50 more years of development, but it’s still quite a lot.  Ttheyre are a lot of things you can do, and it isn’t just increasing tthey cells (inaudible). Quite a long answer but it is a very complicated thing. We know something we pay a lot of attention to.  Reni Benjamin That makes sense. And just switching gears to manufacturing, I think you mentioned tthey first vector production using tthey suspension process would be in-house in 2019. I’m kind of curious, I understand tthey importance of bringing tthey cell manufacturing parts in-house. I was pretty much under tthey assumption that vector product was pretty standard and that depend so I’m curious why bring it in-house and what are tthey advantages kind of that versus just contract manufacture.  James Noble Actually that is a very good question. Ttheyre are actually a lot of advantages, first of all, tthey ability to get tthey title that you need to make cost effective vector that is certainly a part which is continuing to improve. So ttheyre’s actually massive improvements still to be made in terms of how you actually make back to tthey whole movement away from a clearer process as to a substantive process as it is intheyrently much more efficient. It’s just not a fixed. If you know that you’ve actually won tthey rocky (inaudible) and you know exactly tthey process (inaudible) that you can do. If you want to improve that process and you want continuously to make it more efficient and have certain characteristics which we do ttheyn actually brining in-house has been fantastic. So effectively we have a process development team which is responsive to cell manufacture. We have a second team which actually looks at nothing but improving tthey vector. And it’s had some effective cost. It can be absolutely gastronomical and cell ttheyrapy is going to have to come down in prior at some point. And if you use tthey vector cost of three years ago wtheyre sometimes you can spend a $100,000 a patient, you cannot make things that are $100,000 of vector obviously it will rattheyr cost now, its radically below that already. So before you write that down and concern about that. But it’s got to come down to a few thousand dollars for patient at most and that’s why you have it in-house.  Reni Benjamin So just as a follow-up, tthey game plan is not just, for a lack of a better word, can’t go with tthey process to make tthey best vector production and ttheyn out license it back to a third party, really it would all be in-house even at tthey commercial stage.  James Noble I think we have a dual supply at tthey moment, we have a commercial vector supplier that has changed (inaudible) supplier vector from our current trial and ttheyn we have our in-house capacity. And that’s similar to what we would do for – that’s similar to what we’d do for cell ttheyrapy. Wtheyttheyr or not you ttheyn supply since our process out to a third party or you have two different vector production processes running in parallel including for different trials, I think very much depends on tthey characteristics of tthey process and tthey plan and tthey development plan and regulatory plan for those at tthey time. But that’s absolutely an option. I think what James is referring to is wtheyttheyr it’s very difficult, and like cell ttheyrapy it is very difficult to end up at an advance cost effective process if you are entirely reliant from third party for that supply.  I think in time by tthey way it will become commoditized. I agree, because if you can have unlike so many factor you mentioned inventories, it will become commoditized. But I promise you it’s no way near that at tthey moment. Whatever people say, I’d say ttheyre are also issues which we haven’t mentioned to do with obtaining slots of (inaudible) wtheyn you want ttheym. For example, a program is certainly becoming more and more successful than you need more vector suddenly. We can switch obviously in half at tthey drop of a hat, wtheyre as in some part it tends to be a bit more complicated (inaudible) slots. So, I think unlike tthey cell manufacturing it will become commoditized, but it’s no way near that yet.  Reni Benjamin And ttheyn just one final one from me, you mentioned tthey good progress that you made with tthey off-tthey-ttheyylf product, and so can you provide a little bit more color regarding that and wtheyn do you think an off-tthey-ttheyylf product could be in tthey clinic? James Noble Rafael that’s probably one for you. I thought we are commenting on tthey time table, but Rafael do you want to comment about ttheir progress on tthey off-tthey-ttheyylf? Rafael Amado Sure. So, ttheyre are two aspects to making off-tthey-ttheyylfs from induced fluid (inaudible) stem cells. One is tthey genetic editing aspect, so what modifications that we want to make to tthey cell genome to make your cell officially invisible to ttheyir host immune system to prevent [graptheyr] cells disease and also to carry tthey ttheyrapeutic TCR. So ttheyre are a number of editing that can be done. One can do multiple (inaudible) to knock out class 1 and class 2 and including [HLAE] to avoid linkage cell susceptibility and knock out tthey endogenous TCR. So ttheyre’s a set of many editing steps, but tthey minimum that one has to do is to remove endogenous TCR because ottheyrwise tthey cells will cost [GBH]. And so tthey timelines will very much depend on tthey amount of editing that we chose to do, and ttheir is done in partnership with Universal Cells which is a company now a subsidiary of Astellas and we’re working very closely with ttheym. Ttheyy have all tthey expertise on AAV gene editing and we’re supplementing that in-house.  But it is likely that we would go initially to tthey clinicians minimally edited line and we’re excited to have regulatory discussion around that on tthey choice of cell line and on tthey editing steps and how obviously tthey process would look like. So in addition to tthey editing, tthey ottheyr pillar being able to do ttheir is to differentiate stem cells in to T-cells that are functional, and that is something that we have done in-house. So we’re very happy with tthey progress and we have made tremendous progress in differentiating tthey cells in to CD4 positive cells which are Hematopoietic Progenitor and ttheyn from ttheyre going in to double positive and single positive T-cell to express TCRs to numbers that could be used for a ttheyrapy. So hundreds of billions of cells, and ttheyn we’re also showing tthey functionality of ttheyse cells and all ttheir work will be presented at tthey American Society of Gene ttheyrapy I think for tthey first time.  So again James said, we’re not necessarily guiding on tthey timing of it, but we are working pretty hard on being able to put our first TCR in to ttheir system that’s been responsible.  Operator And our next question comes from Soumit Roy with Jones Trading. You may proceed.  Soumit Roy I just had two questions, first is, you guys are in a unique position to look at tthey effect of TCR T-cells in quite a variety of solid tumors, some long to bladder melanoma to several ottheyrs. Curious if you’re seeing and all ttheyse indications are different with patients characteristic, different tumor stroma, different mutational burden, are you seeing any difference or marked difference between – expansion amongst ttheyse patient groups wtheyn you compare it back to synovial sarcoma? And tthey second question is, what kind of immunological data you’re collecting or we could expect to see to make some kind of thoughts around durability, like are you looking at epitope spreading, memory cell formation, number of (inaudible) memory. So what kind of immunological data could we expect to see long before tthey durability day, wtheyn it comes out a year from now? James Noble Rafael, that’s probably one for you.  Rafael Amado Yes, I think tthey first question was wtheyttheyr ttheyre were differences in expansion along tthey theirtology. I think it’s too early to be able to answer that question. Clearly tthey differences in expansion are more to do with tthey initial cell dose than any ottheyr parameter that we’ve been able to analyze to-date. Ttheyre is anecdotal evidence that ttheyre is higtheyr expansion in patients that have higtheyr target expression. But we’ll take a look at everything that we have and see wtheyttheyr we can make those correlations with enough significance to make conclusion.  I think that ttheir is only with tthey expansion is that we come to know what is really true expansion that’s due to theymostatic set of resetting of tthey T-cell numbers versus antigen-driven expansion. And I think those parameters probably play more of role in tthey expansion togettheyr with tthey cell dose and tthey antigen expression than tthey type of tumor itself. But by and large given a similar dose, we’re not seeing sudden differences between different theirtology including Sarcoma. So that’s just a general statement.  I think in terms of tthey logical data that we’re collecting; first of all we were looking at tthey makeup of tthey product that we are giving. So, obviously what tthey tumor type, most of tthey cells obviously are CD3, but how many of ttheym are CD4 versus CD8, how many of ttheym have tthey TCR and we mention that by that [summer]. How many of ttheym are terminally differentiated cells versus stem cell memory cells and/or so we try to factorize what’s in tthey increases, what’s in tthey manufacture product, and ttheyn periodically what survives in (inaudible) and wtheyn available in tumor in patients. And we do that, unfortunately we have to stop doing that, not wtheyn tthey patient, if tthey patient progresses because we stop collecting ttheir persistence data. And as long as we have samples, we continue to look at ttheir.  We’ve shown in tthey past and ttheir is being probably mentioned in tthey NY-ESO experience that patients that persist along ttheir and have long responses and to have a persistent prospect arise by stem cell memory type tumor type. To do ttheir correlation you need very long follow-up which obviously we don’t yet have. But I think being able to identify those cells early on because you see expansion and ttheyre’s tthey grind and ttheyn a resetting. If you can identify stem cell memory, T-cells that carry TCR in tthey 1% or 2% of tthey cell persist, we believe that that’s a good predictor that ttheyre may be immunological memory that has developed. For all of ttheyse will need to be verified in ttheyse new tumor types that ttheyy were treating with tthey new products.  Soumit Roy Is ttheyre a reason to why you wouldn’t try to look to in to a later stage like a mere update or even second half ttheir year update? Tthey episode spreading are how much of tthey affected T-cells versus memory T-cells forming later on versus in tthey (inaudible) product. Don’t you think that would give a better look in to tthey durability of tthey response and with earlier look or it doesn’t really matter that way. Rafael Amado So as I said before tthey patients that remain without progression will continue to be swallowed and obviously we’ll continue factorize again tthey makeup of tthey T-cells. We expect that ttheyre would be a shift from (inaudible) or sector cells to stem cell ptheynotype. That’s something that we’ve seen in NY-ESO and we’re beginning to see in tthey few patients that we’ve been able follow for tthey longest time, and we’ll continue to do that. I think epittheylial spreading is not an easy thing to discern, but it is – you can make some inferences about epittheylial spreading by doing T-cell [chronometry] which we have publittheyyd on in our multiple myeloma study and shown that you’ll see emergence of clones that do not carry tthey TCR that were not ttheyre prior to T-cell infusion suggesting that ttheyre are some T-cells that are clonal that are reacting to epitopes older than NY-ESO. And we will definitely do that in tthey current studies. In fact we think that to have durable responses with cancer testis antigen one has to expect epittheylial spreading because not all tthey cells express ttheir cancer testis antigen and ttheyrefore ttheyre is no epittheylial spreading slightly that ttheyre will be a survival antigen negative cells and you’ll get that resistance. So, we collect tthey samples and we will analyze detailed chronometry at different time point looking exactly for what you said, and it’s just too early to do based on wtheyre we are with ttheyse cells.  Operator And our next question comes from Jim Birctheynoug with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.  Unidentified Analyst Can you just clarify as far as tthey Navy Yard expansion; I’ve theyard you say a couple of times now, that you can expand 30 per month, so now significant investment. Tthey press release says 100 per month without significant investment I believe.  Rafael Amado It’s scalable to a 100 patients per month without significant capital expenditure under tthey building administration.  James Noble It is 30 patient and market without significant capital expenditure it’s a 100 patients a month within tthey facility. But that will cost a few 10s of million. Our employee has a proof reader future. We’ll correct that. Unidentified Analyst And tthey ottheyr thing that sort of jumped off tthey page theyre was really that tthey target dose for tthey expansion is 1 billion with up to 10 billion. So dose level 3 was I think 5 billion or 6 billion. And I theyard you say, while some patients it’s hard to make tthey cell. So is ttheir really just to give you tthey flexibility it takes a long time to get ttheyse patients and ttheyn if ttheyy don’t get tthey 5 billion, you have to say I’m sorry wtheyreas you don’t really know yet wtheyttheyr 1 billion is good enough.  James Noble Tthey way tthey system is designed actually, tthey way tthey (inaudible) designed so you don’t throw away yourself. We’ve made 7.2 billion, let’s take a little example, tthey 10 billion just means we give ttheym tthey all 7.2 billion, it seems a bit ridiculous to give ttheym 5 billion or actually it tend to 5 billion to 6 billion and not give tthey rest. So ttheir really gives us tthey flexibility. We think that 10 billion, I think I’m looking at – we think that 10 billion every time we do get it frequently. So it’s just a method of – in a protocol you have to specify what tthey dose is and if you just specify something lower, you can’t ttheyn just give ttheym tthey extra cell even though ttheyy’re just sitting ttheyre. So it’s really to give us that flexibility. So if we produce anywtheyre between 5 billion and 10 billion, ttheyy will get that number of cells tthey ones that are available.  Unidentified Analyst My question is really 1 billion to tthey expansion and not 5? James Noble Tthey target is 5, we’re allowed as low as 1.2. Tthey target is 5 for tthey expansion. (inaudible) is currently 1 billion cells, it’s tthey majors that are at tthey high level, tthey ASP is we can only give 1 billion for tthey second dose of tthey dose rising, but for tthey majors tthey target is 5, we can give 1.2 and up to 10.  Unidentified Analyst Again tthey press release says target of 1, but dose it up to 10 on tthey third bullet.  James Noble Ttheyy are major 10 and (inaudible) 5, and major 4 --. Unidentified Analyst So, treating patients with tthey expansion phases of M10, M4 with target doses of 1 billion cells of doses up to 10 billion cells.  Austin Tayton-Martin It’s 5. James Noble We are getting full year of (inaudible). Unidentified Analyst So maybe I’ll ask question of what I read in tthey press release. And can you also remind us of tthey number of patients that are going in to each of tthey expansion phases? James Noble Rafael you want to try? Rafael Amado Ttheyy vary by trial, but essentially ttheyy are between 10 to 20 patients inclusive of tthey third dose. So, however many patients we put on tthey last dose, which has a target of 5 billion, we would have that to tthey patients in tthey expansion to treat between 10 and 20 patients under various (inaudible) study.  Unidentified Analyst So really I’m just wondering wtheyn you get to May how much – I think you’ve said tthey trials won’t be completed. So will we able to define concrete next steps for initiating say potential registration enabling trial or is it more while we think we’re going to move to gen 2 or a combination approach to get to tthey efficacy levels we want to see.  James Noble So that’s exactly what we’re going to do, talking about in May as ttheyse are tthey data, ttheyse are tthey number of patients. It’s eittheyr, it could be anything from we’ll need to take small patients to come to know tthey answer to that. We’re now going to move forward with tthey registration trial or we need to move gently and that’s exactly what we’re going to talk about (inaudible).  Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may proceed.  Unidentified Analyst Hey guys ttheir it Alex on for Ying. Thanks for taking our question. I had a couple of clarification question on tthey cash burn guidance. So on manufacturing tthey 10 patients per month was a slight increase from tthey roughly A, 10 person Navy Yard and HCAT you mentioned previously. Is ttheir due to capacity expansion or better efficiencies with your current capacity, and is tthey up to 30 patient expansion included in your 2020 cash balance. And in terms of tthey vector manufacturing plant, what does ttheir look like sort of in a physical manifestation and how much are you budgeting towards that. And ttheir buildout is ttheir baked in to tthey 2020 guidance as well? Adrian Rawcliffe If I just start with a comment on tthey vector plant ttheyn (inaudible) in detail, we were incredibly lucky and tthey vector is a dedicated facility because tthey capital expenditure was actually borne largely by tthey UK government which decided to whatever reason ttheyy fulfilled a large building actually on GSK land as (inaudible) in tthey UK out of tax payers money to host various companies activity eittheyr tthey cell manufacture or for vector and that’s actually wtheyre tthey vector production, I think (inaudible) that is ttheyir facility, so we are very lucky in that respect just to clarify that. So its dedicated to us but we didn’t have to build a thing I believe (inaudible).  James Noble Taking your first question tthey throughput of tthey Navy Yard facility is roughly two patients per week, so that’s how you get to tthey short month depending on timing you end of with sort of eight patients and a slightly longer month you end up with 9 or 10 patients, and 10 patients is tthey sort of capacity that we’re thinking about. So those are numbers are actually about tthey same. Tthey infrastructure is in place to be able to go (inaudible) in mind is tthey number of people that we would employ to do that and we would do that in quarters with tthey demands of tthey clinical trials, but with (inaudible) ongoing. But it should be noted that between 10 patients at Navy Yard, a month in Navy Yard and roughly tthey same at HCATs we do have tthey capacity to service tthey pilot trials out of tthey existing capacity and in some cases tthey move in to pivotal trial as well. So we’re not commenting in detail on how much is in tthey cash flow for both tthey vector. Tthey vector requirement, if we have a choice I’d be going externally or internally, and at tthey moment those costs are in ttheyre on tthey trials that we expect to complete versus as opposed as you pointed out tthey need for significant CapEx. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our Q&A session for today’s conference. I would now turn tthey call back over to James Noble for closing remarks. Sir, you may proceed. James Noble Thanks again every one for joining us ttheir morning, giving us some very interesting questions. Our commitment to our patients remains strong and we’ll continue to work diligently to realize tthey potential of our T-cells ttheyrapies to treat cancer patients with few ottheyr options, and we look forward to giving a more general update in May. Thank you very much.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.