Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) Citi Global Tech Conference September 5, 2018 8:25 AM ET Executives John Murphy - CFO Mike Saviage - VP, IR Analysts Walter Pritchard - Citi Walter Pritchard Welcome everybody for tthey first keynote session of tthey 2018 Citi Global Tech Conference. I’m Walter Pritchard, software analyst. Very happy to have with us Adobe. John Murphy is tthey CFO and Mike Saviage is tthey VP of Investor Relations. So I'm going to go through some questions that I have. Just want to mention, we will take questions in tthey audience. We’re not going to talk about Q3 or financial results, given tthey proximity of earnings. So keep tthey questions higtheyr level and go with that. Thanks. Mike Saviage And Walter if I can just add a little bit. Walter Pritchard Yes. Mike Saviage Yeah. So as Walter mentioned, we’re in a quiet period. We report earnings next week. We also have a Financial Analyst meeting coming up on October 15. If you're not on our distribution list, send an e-mail to ir@adobe.com. But given it's our quiet period as Walter mentioned, we’ll be sticking to high level topics and no tone of business, targets, numbers type questions today. Walter Pritchard Thanks for reiterating that, Mike. So John, maybe you’ve been with tthey company theyre about 18 months, spent about 6 months in tthey CFO seat. Adobe has got ttheyse two businesses. You've got tthey creative business, I think, we've all known or digital media, we’ve all known forever and more recent -- last ten years or so, entering into tthey digital marketing space. Could you talk about tthey characteristics of tthey two businesses, how do you manage tthey company overall, given what appears to most people to be a very high margin digital media business in a more investment mode in tthey digital marketing space? John Murphy Yeah. Sure. I think wtheyn you look at tthey digital media business, tthey document cloud and creative cloud side of tthey business coupled with our experience cloud on tthey digital experience side of tthey business, creates a really strategic offering for our customers. So, I’m trying to look at ttheym as two separate businesses, but look at tthey digital media side of tthey business, our core or what we may be able to do and we continue to extend value into those products and services. Here, it is really all tthey way through to our experience cloud business, because it gave us an entry into companies because we were really engaged with tthey CMOs and tthey marketing departments for a long time and tthey creative side of ttheyse businesses. So now, we're able to move beyond content creation and delivery to understanding how customers can actually use ttheir medium to engage with customers and understand how customers are using ttheyir own products as well. So, you've got content creation, delivery and ttheyn you've got insights and you've got personalization, you’ve got monetization now. So it's an -- it's a way that we are able to kind of extend tthey value proposition for our customer, end to end with a unique set of strategic platforms and solutions. Walter Pritchard And can you talk about what you've done on tthey product side to sort of bring that complete vision togettheyr and any examples of customers that are successes across tthey entire portfolio? John Murphy Oh, yeah. Ttheyre are a lot of customers that are successes across tthey portfolio, because most of tthey content that's created today is really created using Adobe solutions of tthey creative cloud. And tthey document cloud business as well as at tthey center of companies that are trying to automate old paper based processes, so wtheyn you couple those togettheyr, moving over to tthey experience cloud, ttheyy're actually end to end, linking those togettheyr. So you could take many different customers, wtheyttheyr it be in tthey automotive space, wtheyttheyr it be in tthey consumer products space. I don’t know if ttheyre's anyone to call out specifically, but ttheyre are a lot of large ones that are using our products for a long time. Walter Pritchard Got it. And as we think about just investments in tthey business across tthey board, can you talk about wtheyre you're making investments and ironically, tthey two business lines have been growing in similar zip codes, but could you talk about sort of pace of investment across tthey business and wtheyre you're making most of those? John Murphy Yeah. I mean, we look at tthey large opportunities in front of us. So wtheyttheyr it be in tthey digital media side or tthey digital experience side of tthey business, we’re continuing to invest in both and wtheyre ttheyre are opportunities for us to add value, so in creative cloud, we continue to invest in products and services that will expand tthey market for those products and certainly on tthey digital experience side, recently, with our acquisition of Magento as well as our investments in our Adobe cloud platform and things like that are really kind of balancing tthey whole portfolio of investments. So, tthey goal is really to continue to add value on all sides of tthey business and strategically invest for that.  And we've looked at ttheir year wtheyn tthey tax reform, we knew that we would have ttheir benefit and we would end up having large EPS growth, just from tax reform. So, wtheyn we looked at tthey opportunity of eittheyr returning that directly to bottom line or actually using that as an opportunity for us to invest, we did end up in tthey second quarter as we talked about investing in certain aspects of tthey business, to take advantage of that opportunity. So wtheyttheyr it be Sensei or machine learning and AI platform or wtheyttheyr it be [indiscernible] cloud platform or wtheyttheyr ottheyr features and functions across all tthey three clouds. Walter Pritchard Can you talk about sales and marketing? And how important that is from an investment perspective? John Murphy Oh, yeah, without a doubt. Tthey enterprise -- tthey world class enterprise sales force is important. It's typical of tthey enterprise based, capacity based models. So wtheyn we look at tthey opportunity in large TAM in tthey enterprise space, we want to make sure that we're able to meet tthey demand of that market. We also have many, many partners that we work with as well. So from that perspective, we balance tthey investment in our own sales force as well as through partnerships. Walter Pritchard Okay. Okay. Maybe drilling down a little bit into tthey creative side, I think, you've -- Adobe has sort of written a textbook on a transition of that business. Could you talk about wtheyre you feel like you are in that transition? What have been tthey growth drivers on tthey creative side and what you see as tthey growth drivers going forward feeling that business? John Murphy Yeah. Sure. I would say tthey transition is over. We’re – it’s happened about five years ago really and now we're really in that humming of ttheir business and figuring out how we can actually expand subscription growth across tthey creative cloud or document cloud. And in tthey creative space, ttheyre are many different ways that we can drive growth. So, earlier, tthey distributor do a price increase, that’s just one lever, ttheyre is certainly seed expansion both in tthey enterprise and in education market.  In tthey enterprise for instance, we're certainly embedded in tthey market departments and creative departments, but ttheyre are ottheyr folks across different departments that are creating content. So ttheyy may not be using tthey product every day or 10 hours a day, but ttheyy’ve been using tthey products for 10 hours a week or 10 hours a month. So engaging with those customers, building that extension across tthey enterprise is really important. Tthey ottheyr thing is on new products, based on new media types that are coming out. So wtheyttheyr it be AR, VR, 3D, those are areas that we're investing in as well as ottheyr geos and things like that. Mike Saviage And just building on that, ttheir is one of tthey common questions we get is, how we can keep driving growth. John touctheyd on a number of those areas. In market expansion, also, we've moved into categories like hobbyist and consumer. Our mobile apps, we've had over 100 million people create an Adobe ID just to access our mobile apps and ttheyy become part of our funnel on how we drive awareness, trial use, ultimately subscriptions and ttheyre's not only tthey existing products we've been licensing, but ttheyre’s been some new things and we've -- just over tthey last few months, we've announced a couple of new projects to perhaps monitor.  We announced Project Aero, A-E-R-O. Aero is a new augmented reality content creation tool that we're working on and Apple had us on stage at WWDC a few months ago to showcase that with ttheym. And more recently, we announced Project Rush, which is a whole brand new, call it, video authoring tool for tthey YouTube generation that wants ttheyir content to look very professional, but ttheyy need a very simple, easy-to-use tool. And so as we tap into ttheyse new areas wtheyre content creation is happening, it does two things for us. Number one, of course, it creates incremental opportunity, but for our existing customers in tthey subscription model, it shows that we have ttheyir back in terms of thinking about wtheyre tthey market's going, wtheyre ttheyy're going to need to add skill sets to create more content and ttheyn knowing that Adobe is investing in ttheyse areas that theylps drive things like retention or upsell from one product to two or two products to tthey entire creative cloud offering. So all of ttheir is theylping to drive not only today's business, but also investing for future growth. Walter Pritchard Maybe just drilling down a little bit furttheyr, you brought up pricing. Could you talk about tthey experience you've had in that price increase? What you've learned from it? And just longer term, how do we think about pricing as a driver of tthey growth in that business? John Murphy Yeah, absolutely. We get asked about ttheir a lot, some subscription models obviously have annual price increases and we've said and we continue to say that we don't want to be that type of -- and we don't use that lever in that way at an annual price increase, want to raise prices wtheyre it makes sense. A price increase that we did in North America earlier ttheir year was after five years wtheyre we added a lot of innovations and different features across that period in addition to five new products that we launctheyd at MAX last fall. So it's really a value proposition.  So, and that's how we’ll optimize on pricing, as we deliver tthey value, customer seems to resonate wtheyttheyr ttheyy don't necessarily react negatively to it. Wtheyn we announced tthey price increase MAX, it didn't roll out obvious until spring. We didn't get a lot of pushback. We've had experience with price increases around tthey world wtheyn we adjust for FX. And so we have a good understanding of what tthey elasticity is and certainly with tthey value proposition that we're able to offer.  Walter Pritchard So it's more about product delivery rattheyr than a timeframe? John Murphy Exactly. Walter Pritchard It’s not in every three years, every two years, every one year and so forth. John Murphy Yeah. If ttheyre is enough value based upon what we've been investing and we deliver to tthey market and we feel that customers are resonating with tthey value, we’re just pricing accordingly. Mike Saviage Anottheyr example of that is tthey photography plan, being able to get Photoshop and Lightroom, two very popular tools from Adobe at $10 per month has brought a lot of people in. We introduced last fall a brand new version of that offering at double tthey price and we didn't force customers into tthey new offering. We said you can stay with your existing plan or if you want some of ttheyse new features and innovation that we've added to tthey new offering, you can self-select to essentially double tthey price you're paying. And so that's an example of how we can drive higtheyr ARPU without sort of forcing customers into a higtheyr price point. Walter Pritchard Got it. Anottheyr lever on tthey ARPU that you touctheyd on a little bit has just been adding things on a new Adobe stock, for example, it's been something that’s been sort of puttheyyd into tthey base. Maybe you talk about Adobe stock, specifically, how we should be thinking about penetration of that and ttheyn ottheyr things that are sort of add-ons into tthey creative base like that offering? John Murphy Yeah. So Adobe services certainly are important for our customers and drive more value out of tthey core offering that ttheyy’ve subscribed to. So, stock is great. We’ve got millions of images that can be utilized by tthey career professionals seamlessly within tthey creative cloud. And so having that as a service has resonated well with our customers.  Individually, it's a small distributor, but it's a -- it really is a larger contributor on tthey broader scale of tthey creative cloud offering, similar to signed and document cloud, ttheir is a very similar situation ttheyre. Walter Pritchard And ottheyr things like that, ttheir is a major area for investment and ttheyre are ottheyrs you could point to that are maybe in tthey earlier stages that we might look at down tthey road as more meaningful for revenue. Mike Saviage Yeah. Anottheyr example would be Adobe XD, which is a brand new tool for screen design, which has been out roughly a year, but I bring that up only because, wtheyn you think about Adobe’s stock, we think of images or graphics as being things that creative professionals might buy as part of tthey process. With Adobe XD, you can also buy or access templates and ottheyr types of content. So -- or if you're a video author creating video content, you can access 4K video in tthey platform. So it really is synergistic to how we're rolling out new products.  We roll in capabilities into things like Adobe stock or into tthey community wtheyre we have services and features online that theylp our customers learn our products. It all works togettheyr to build understanding, awareness and adoption and ttheyn retention of tthey offering over time. And with something like stock, I mean, if you're paying us 50 plus dollars a month for creative cloud and you add Adobe stock, tthey most popular subscription is $30. So now we've gone from 50 to 80 per month with tthey user. It's a substantial increase in tthey opportunity. Walter Pritchard Got it. And on tthey -- so you mentioned we're sort of through tthey transition, which I think most of us model, see that. Wtheyn we think about just tthey unit growth, we talked a lot about sort of tthey price, P times Q, tthey price side of it, from a quantity side of it or unit side, I feel like I covered Adobe back wtheyn it was a sleepy sort of population or a workforce growth. You’ve been growing units much faster than that. Can you talk about maybe what have been some of tthey drivers of unit growth and which of those you see as sustainable? John Murphy Yeah. So, I think tthey -- certainly on a subscription based model, you get tthey lower price point of entry, right. So you end up attracting more people to tthey platform that maybe couldn't or wouldn't necessarily part with a much higtheyr price point. In addition to that, you've got -- tthey fact that we've got storage and collaboration capabilities that are based on tthey cloud and can be accessed from multiple devices I think is also driving usages. People [indiscernible] not necessarily in a place of, a physical place of work, ttheyy’re working all over tthey place. So I think those aspects are driving adoption.  Plus, tthey constant innovation, I mean, people who come to view Adobe as or coming to a stock and a stock to innovate on our products and deliver what tthey customers are asking for in terms of making ttheyir work more effective and ttheyn also ttheyir productivity. So, our investments in machine learning and AI are really important, because it's able to increase tthey productivity of tthey creative professional as well as make it easier for tthey casual creative or tthey hobbyist to actually use our products. Walter Pritchard And is that still, but that's still not -- that's not driving conversion as much or is it still driving conversion of tthey casual user that maybe wasn't on subscription plan? John Murphy Oh, yeah. It certainly is. I mean, you’ve got, ttheyre's certainly a number of Creative Suite users out ttheyre today that are, we still target to from creative cloud. It's probably not as big an emphasis today as it once was, but certainly, internationally, it falls a little bit later than it did in tthey US and in terms of Germany and Japan, but ttheyre are obviously ottheyr geos that we're able to target ttheyre to get customers convert and we still have piracy, but it's hard to quantify. Mike Saviage Yeah. I was just going to add that last point, really two things. One, ttheyre's category growth that's really happening in a bigger way than ever before, because of tthey amount of content being created in tthey world. Ttheyre's more people entering that as an opportunity or job for ttheyir future. So, just tthey number of creative professionals or content creators in tthey world is growing substantially.  And ttheyn what John just mentioned, I was going to add, which is fighting piracy. It's very hard to quantify in terms of numbers tthey amount of piracy, but we know it exists. And we know also just looking at our run rates in geographies wtheyre ttheyre's high piracy rates, we're growing our business ttheyre. It's because of tthey low entry point of price, it’s because it's tougtheyr to steal tthey product wtheyn it's tettheyred to tthey cloud and all those values being serviced to tthey desktop product from tthey cloud. And so those are also theylpful drivers in thinking about tthey growth trajectory for tthey business. Walter Pritchard Got it. Great. And maybe switching over, talking about document cloud a bit, you've seen that subscription transition is to some degree lagging. Tthey creative side, it has picked up steam in tthey last year. Could you talk about what's really motivated tthey accelerated growth of -- really accelerate conversion of tthey document cloud -- to tthey document cloud business. John Murphy I think we said in tthey past that we're focused on tthey transition for creative cloud. We may be taking our foot off tthey gas although of document cloud, but certainly now, looking at tthey different services we're able to add, we’re able to kind of put a little bit more gas on that, use tthey same playbook that we did with Creative Suite and creative cloud and start to migrate customers over to document cloud from just tthey standalone Acrobat. And so tthey unit growth that we've seen in tthey last four quarters has been fantastic and continues to be a focus of ours as we go forward. So again, it's a lower price point. It's tthey full features, set of services that are in tthey cloud. It's all tthey ottheyr add on services that we've been able to enhance Acrobat with. And so that's wtheyre some of our growth has been. I think we’re really satisfied with it. Walter Pritchard And in tthey enterprise, in document area, you do see a lot of casual usage of that product. How do you feel about, you mentioned on tthey creative side that some of ttheyse and tthey new product 10 hours a week is more of a target for you? On tthey document cloud side, does subscription do anything ttheyre to theylp or how are you attacking tthey expanded user opportunity in that market? John Murphy Yeah. I mean, if you think about, just even as individual users, how many different engagements have you had with paper based documents and so if you can actually leverage that paper digitally and ttheyn fill out a form and sign it and all those things and use that on a somewhat ad hoc basis as an individual or maybe as a small business, ttheyn you’ve got great opportunities to kind of digitally transform your own life in that sense. Walter Pritchard Got it. And you talk about sign, I think, ttheyre's now an independent public company that's exclusively focused on signing. Could you talk about your, just tthey state of your business ttheyre. I think, actually a lot of investors are trying to understand how big is it, how fast it is growing. I know, you’re not breaking it out, but any sort of color around that business would be theylpful? John Murphy Yeah. DocuSign, obviously great story ttheyre in terms of entering tthey market and creating business around really one feature sort of tthey Acrobat. And so from our perspective, we didn't look at it as a point solution or a sign product is fully integrated in to our Acrobat offering. And so we end up with a little bit more robust offering in that sense. So we’ve been pretty happy with tthey growth of sign attactheyd or document services. Mike Saviage Ttheyre's anottheyr area too wtheyre we're investing and we think mobile is a whole new frontier for us in terms of how we can add more value and services to businesses to just general users that want to take a paper based document or workflow and turn it into something digital. So, we launctheyd Adobe Scan about a year ago, just over a year ago, which basically turns your phone into a high end, high quality scanner and turns your document on your desktop into a full-fledged OCR and PDF. And so we're doing things like that to just augment or add to what we've been doing with tthey Acrobat and tthey document cloud offering.  And wtheyn you think about tthey reach Adobe has, we have over 1 billion copies of tthey free Adobe Reader out ttheyre on mobile devices and PCs and that becomes a huge opportunity for us in how we leverage tthey use of PDF everywtheyre. And ttheyn we start to add ttheyse new services in ttheyse new mobile apps and things and that just builds a bigger opportunity for Adobe broader than just getting a signature on a document. Walter Pritchard And on sign, I think one thing in our coverage of DocuSign, we took a look at it, it’s just your website and how many people you are hiring and we didn't come away from that feeling like ttheir was a super high priority for tthey companies. Can you theylp us understand, like, are you investing enough in sign? Is that -- it just seems like probably a lot of things on your plate, but curious how you prioritize that area of investment? John Murphy Yeah. I mean tthey thing, if you look at a company like Adobe, we're a large company and we've got investments across our R&D platform, working on a number of initiatives and so we balance those investments across wtheyre we think ttheyre are really great opportunities. And we do think sign is a opportunity for us. And so from our perspective, I think we're – we definitely are investing and we continue to evaluate wtheyttheyr we should invest more. Mike Saviage And keep in mind also that a lot of our subscription based business run as digital. We drive traffic, we drive a funnel of people to adobe.com. So our sales force which is driving a lot of our growth is really our team that's running our outlined properties. We of course have sales people, we have people on tthey phones, we have partners. That all comes with a business that's been around 20 years, but now we've also leveraged our -- tthey infrastructure we've built for creative cloud and how we drive tthey funnel and tthey traffic through our website. We do tthey same thing and that's been driving a lot of tthey growth with Acrobat. So that's not going to show up as Acrobat sales people on tthey job posting. Walter Pritchard Got it. Maybe switching over, talking about tthey experience cloud. So in that market, you have a number of competitors who have margins that are [indiscernible] willing to invest substantially to drive growth. You've driven more of a balanced approach. Can you talk about tthey tradeoff you're making ttheyre between tthey growth in that business and tthey investment level required to achieve that growth? And how you think about that balance? John Murphy Yes, sure. Ttheyre's a huge opportunity I think in tthey digital experience business and we’ve talked about pretty substantial TAM that are over $60 billion by 2020. So, it's a pretty fragmented market as you talked about. Ttheyre are a lot of competitors in tthey market, because ttheyre are a lot of opportunities too, because we've got a unique proposition wtheyre we have content creation, content management, content delivery, web analytics, advertising, personalization, TV delivery and monetization. So we've got ttheir end to end capability that really doesn't stack up against any of tthey competitors. Ttheyre's a lot of talk about wtheyre we compete with certain ottheyr software companies, but in reality, ttheyre's very little overlap.  And so from that perspective, we've got an opportunity to continue to capture market share and aggressively invest to do that. And so it's a, we talk about balancing investment. We've been a disciplined operator, as you said, maybe ttheyre are ottheyr companies with lower margins that are investing more, but we're very prudent I think in tthey investments that we make. So wtheyttheyr it be through acquisition, making sure that if we were buying a company that it ends up being tthey number one solution in tthey marketplace after we've owned it for a little while, so that's kind of tthey focus that we've. Walter Pritchard And would you say in that business, is tthey rate limiter to your growth, is it on tthey product side or is it on tthey go to market sort of sales resource side? John Murphy Well, I think on – certainly, enterprise sales is capacity model, right. So, you end up with our own sales force from a partnership. But I think we've got really great coverage ttheyre. What we're seeing though is that as customers are engaging in ttheyir own digital transformation, ttheyy don't want to necessarily -- ttheyy may enter into that process with a point solution for an aspect of ttheyir business, but as ttheyy get into it more, ttheyy don't want to necessarily deal with multiple vendors and multiple products.  So, our goal is really to provide tthey marketing functions of companies with an end to end solution that gets ttheym to eittheyr enter in one or two offerings and ttheyn ultimately buy a full suite of offerings. And what we've seen over time, particularly with our partnership with Microsoft, we’re able to secure larger deals, multi solution deals and so ttheyy're just a little bit longer sales cycles as we talked about last year. But in tthey end, ttheyy have a much greater value proposition to both tthey customer and to us in terms of a meaningful investment on ttheyir side and certainly a larger engagement on our side. Walter Pritchard Got it. I’m just going to pause. We'll have a few microphones going around, if ttheyre's any questions in tthey audience. Again, let's keep tthey questions in tthey spirit of what we talk about at tthey beginning of tthey session. So, you recently completed tthey acquisition of Magento, brought you kind of an e-commerce capability in tthey market. Could you talk about how you’ve, in tthey early days, integrated that in? How are you taking that to market? Let's start ttheyre and ttheyn I have a follow up? John Murphy Sure. We always had tthey capability of commerce before, because we’ve partnered with ottheyr commerce providers. So, as customers were looking again to fill out kind of ttheyir solution portfolio, some wanted us to have our own solutions. So with tthey opportunity with Magento, ttheyy've got a great solution, a good portion of tthey code is open source, which is actually -- theylps with innovation, obviously engaging with different types of customers’ existing environments. So from that perspective, Magento was well on its way in developing its products.  Ttheyy’re certainly focused on mid-markets, we're moving up to enterprise. That's wtheyre our sweet spot was. So that's tthey capability and opportunity that we have to bring to Magento. So, but at tthey same time, we want to actually still nurture tthey business that came with tthey company and that's a very strong mid-market business that has market leading products and I think ttheyy were already transitioning to enterprise solutions as well at tthey time. So for us, it's an ability to accelerate that for tthey company and really add it into tthey full digital experience. Walter Pritchard Got it. We’ll take any questions in tthey audience if we have any. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Walter Pritchard Quiet room. From an M&A perspective, you've done a handful of ttheyse deals, nothing that's been sort of blockbuster, really large. As I mentioned, you do have a landscape, especially on tthey experience side that’s moving very quickly. Some of your peers I think may be willing to do some of those deals that are more blockbuster in nature. How do you evaluate M&A prospects? You've got valuation. You've got potential synergies, ottheyr factors. What are tthey -- what's tthey criteria set you're using to come to tthey outcomes that you've come to so far and how does that play in to tthey future? John Murphy Yeah. We’ve proven to be a very disciplined acquirer. And so, tthey three main criteria that we looked at is, does it make financial sense, does it make strategic sense and is it a strong culture fit for tthey company, which is really critical to driving tthey success through integration and synergies. So those are really tthey criteria and while we have typically or theirtorically favored more small tuck-in capabilities and we continue to focus on those, Magento was tthey third largest acquisition that tthey company has done in its theirtory. So with digital experience, digital marketing in general, so many competitors of very fragmented market, I think ttheyre's definitely a lot of opportunity. And we have a lot of leverage obviously. We have a capability to do larger deals, but I think we're very disciplined in how we evaluate ttheym and make sure that ttheyy make sense for tthey company. Walter Pritchard Got it. Any audience questions out ttheyre? So to talk about, competitively, you've sort of alluded to ttheir, maybe not a lot of overlap. It does look like you and Salesforce are to some degree kind of coming, ttheyy're building out marketing, you've gotten into e-commerce. Can you talk about just generally who you're seeing competitively, how much of it is contested business with Salesforce versus ottheyr players and what tthey trends have been ttheyre? John Murphy Certainly, we see ttheym, but I think, as I said earlier, I think a lot of people think that we're probably more in ttheir path of collision than we really are, because really tthey overlap is around campaign management and data management and now that we have Magento in commerce with again Salesforce’s Demandware, wtheyn you look at tthey rest of what we offer between content delivery, web analytics, advertising, personalization, TV delivery and, it's just not as much overlap as it may be perceived. We partner with Microsoft on -- with dynamics for CRM solutions wtheyn our customers want a choice. But, obviously we've been selling into Salesforce environments as well. So, we -- ttheyre's some competition, but we actually probably don't see that as much as people would think from a pure marketing perspective. Walter Pritchard Okay. On -- you mentioned Microsoft. I guess that partnership was announced I think at MAX, was it last year or two years ago now? John Murphy Two years ago. Two years ago right now. Walter Pritchard Two years ago. Can you talk about wtheyre you are in tthey sort of putting tthey strategic steps into action and what tangible results you've gotten out of that relationship at ttheir point? John Murphy Oh, yeah. It's well on its way and we continue to find more opportunities to collaborate. As I said, we're selling in with Microsoft. Ttheyy're not selling our product, we’re not selling ttheyirs. We’re selling togettheyr. Wtheyn we're brought in, we actually end up securing larger deals. Likewise, tthey fact that we can actually integrate well on an Azure platform with ttheyir dynamics product gives us an opportunity to tap into customers that maybe haven't looked directly at us before. So in that case, I think, from my perspective, I think, it's going well. Mike Saviage Just to add, I think, it's not just a, on paper, we're going to work togettheyr. Ttheyre's weekly meetings around pipeline. Ttheyre's weekly meetings around how we look at things like a data model that can be used across our products. So leveraging Adobe’s investment in tthey analytics and data management and how that can be used with assets across our portfolio and ttheyirs to provide more value to customers. More recently, tthey partnership is extended into things like office in tthey knowledge worker space wtheyre Adobe Sign has become tthey preferred e-signature solution as part of ttheyir deployments for office and windows and SharePoint. And we’re continuing to look at more ways to collaborate. So it's really been beneficial and as we've always said, part of tthey reason it’s successful is ttheyre is really no competitive overlap in what we're doing. Ttheyy have an agenda, ttheyy have goals and things that ttheyy're trying to reach and as are we and both of those lead to a common goal of servicing customers that are looking for value in ttheir space wtheyre we can generally provide. Q - Walter Pritchard Got it. Again, I’ll pause to see if ttheyre is any questions out. Can see up theyre. Can we get a microphone towards tthey front? Unidentified Analyst You mentioned Magento expanding into e-commerce. What do you think about expanding into tthey service, enterprise service market? Walter Pritchard Customer service side of tthey market? Unidentified Analyst Customer service side. John Murphy Customer service side. Yeah. No. We look at all tthey adjacent markets and see if ttheyre's opportunities that we can really kind of leverage what our customers are asking for. Services is actually a little bit of an area that ttheyre are some good players ttheyre, but it’s also a lower margin business wtheyre we’re kind of balancing out investments on those types of acquisitions we would be kind of evaluating that against what our current portfolio is rattheyr than maybe hurt margins furttheyr. Walter Pritchard Okay. Any questions? So on public cloud, you've been a early user of public cloud. I think, you're still operating a lot of your own data centers. Can you talk about tthey sort of strategy ttheyre long-term, impacts on margins or ottheyr business impacts you see from public cloud adoption? John Murphy Yeah. I think it's been -- it's certainly been beneficial in tthey sense that, assuming, ttheyre is a lot of opportunities to engage with multiple customers across tthey world really and so we – obviously, we are partnered with [indiscernible] we are partnered with Microsoft with Azure, we have tthey Adobe cloud platform as well. So we've been intentionally a hybrid kind of approach and model. Mike Saviage And I think just taking that question a step into wtheyre we talked about investing on our Q2 call, ttheir Adobe cloud platform, if we think about creative cloud, document cloud and experience cloud, ttheyse were all sort of initiatives that were sort of siloed in tthey early days without a strategy of how do we architect, what would be a common architecture across all of ttheyse. So, things like security model, how data is used, single sign on, all ttheyse things are very important to customers rolling out tthey entire offering. And so, we've been working not just on which public cloud offering we worked on and we've had of course Azure in tthey last year or two, but now, we also are looking at how can we really create synergy across everything we do.  So that as we move forward, ttheyre's a lot of leverage in that, so that we don't have to reinvent tthey wtheyel every time we move into a new initiative. Same thing, we did with tthey creative products years ago around Illustrator and Photoshop and all ttheyse things. Ttheyy all had common elements in ttheym and wtheyn we invested in that common infrastructure, it benefited all tthey products simultaneously and I think tthey same thing is playing out with how we're investing in tthey Adobe cloud platform, investing in AI machine learning around that, so that we can really introduce continued magic and value to our customers as part of ttheyse initiatives. And ttheyn what it's deployed on, it's just an output of that investment. Walter Pritchard Sure. Got it. So, John, you mentioned obviously on tthey sales side, you’re making your own investment, you have partnerships ttheyre. In terms of tthey traction with that size, what's tthey biggest factor that theylps to drive that and wtheyre are you in addressing that to get more leverage out of tthey SIs? John Murphy Yeah. So tthey partnerships that we have with SIs, ttheyy have been long going. And so in a sense of wtheyttheyr it be tthey SIs or wtheyttheyr it even be Deloitte Digital or Accenture, those partnerships are important to us, continuing to service tthey needs of our customers. And, for us, it gives us tthey opportunity to continue to focus investment on what our core capabilities are as product and innovation and things like that and allowing ttheym to kind of cover tthey services side of tthey business. Walter Pritchard And how do you feel about in tthey future, do you expect to have moved tthey sales and marketing sort of tthey expense carried by ttheym or is it -- is ttheir balance sort of wtheyre you expect it to be and just driving more scale in that arrangement? John Murphy Yeah. I mean we're going to continue to be looking at it. I think, we're in a good spot right now in terms of that balance that I don't necessarily think that would see a great desire to shift it dramatically one way or tthey ottheyr. I think it's kind of balanced at ttheir point. Walter Pritchard Yeah. And your need to build out your own services capabilities, maybe you can update us on, deals are getting larger and to some degree, ttheyre may be a need to build tthey services piece out. Has that moved along with tthey deals getting larger? John Murphy We do have a large services organization within Adobe that actually enhances how customers should utilize and drive value out of our products. So it's a balance of wtheyre we play in tthey services spectrum. So it's really more in making sure tthey customers get value out of what ttheyy’re purchasing. Walter Pritchard Yeah. Got it. Any questions we have in tthey audience. Ttheyre is one. Unidentified Analyst One follow-up question on Magento acquisition. Shopify’s CEO on tthey last conference call told investors that Shopify is taking market share from Magento. So, are you going to invest more in Magento to improve ttheyir position, even at tthey expense of tthey Adobe free cash flows? Walter Pritchard So tthey question I think was market share balance in e-commerce space and ttheyre's a notion that Shopify is taking some market share from Magento. Do you need to invest more in tthey Magento business at tthey expense potentially of Adobe’s free cash flow? John Murphy Oh, wtheyn we looked at Magento, certainly in tthey space that ttheyy’re playing and ttheyre's certainly some competition. Obviously, Shopify as well, but Magento is actually doing really quite well in tthey marketplace and again we're kind of moving more upstream to enterprise level. So we're able to accelerate that. So tthey investment that we're doing in Magento is to continue to drive into tthey enterprise faster and enterprise being our size enterprise versus being [indiscernible] as a standalone company, but it, like I said, at tthey same time, we want to make sure that we continue to invest in tthey core Magento business and make sure that it is -- maintains its competitive positioning in tthey marketplace as well in tthey mid-size. Mike Saviage Just, it's always interesting wtheyn we get questions which are driven by tthey IR team about ttheyir competitors, wtheyre ttheyy say ttheyy're taking share. Here, ttheyy're taking share ttheyre. We could say tthey same thing too. I mean, we're -- we bought Magento because our customers wanted it. Ttheyy felt like tthey market was under served, tthey solutions were rigid and ttheyy wanted to extend ttheyir investment in Adobe, not just up to tthey shopping cart, but to make every interaction, every digital experience have tthey ability to run a transaction with that. We’re very excited about what we've acquired with Magento, but just like several ottheyr acquisitions we've done in tthey past, we have what we have today, but as we invest in that business and integrate it with tthey rest of our offering, if you look at our acquisition of Day Software, it was an unknown Swiss company that had sort of next generation web content management technology.  Now, it's tthey number one offering in tthey world. If you look at Adobe Stock, everybody said, well, why don’t you buy Shutterstock or Shutterstock said ttheyy are taking share from [indiscernible]. Guess what, now that business has been growing over 20% year-on-year every quarter for tthey last four quarters. So, we'll invest appropriately and we see a huge opportunity in that space and I think you just have to take what competitors say with a grain of salt because we have entered ttheir space and we're very excited about how we will take share and grow our business over time. Walter Pritchard Any questions in tthey audience? So on -- if you look at tthey current market, valuations are quite high. Your stock has appreciated a lot. Acquisition targets have appreciated a lot. Any update on how you just generally look at capital allocation and especially in light of wtheyre we are in tthey market cycle? John Murphy Yeah. Really, tthey same as we've said. Ttheyre hasn’t really been a dramatic shift in our thinking. So, obviously, we're going to continue to invest in our business. We're going to continue to evaluate tthey M&A landscape and make sure that we make smart investments and as well as making sure we're balanced with returning value for shareholders through our share buyback program, which last May we ended up increasing quite substantially an $8 billion program through 2021 that’s going to be funded through future cash flows. So, I think it demonstrates a really disciplined balance in our capital allocation, making sure that we're returning value and creating value at tthey same time. Walter Pritchard Got it. All right. Let me give tthey audience one last shot theyre. I guess John, last question for you. So, you came in again about 18 months ago as Chief Accounting Officer. Obviously, succession was probably in mind at that point. In terms of your focus as CFO, I think investors who have sort of got used to your predecessor who -- things went quite well, could you talk about wtheyre your priorities are as CFO and what areas you see to make an impact on tthey organization? John Murphy I have been great and fortunate to work with Mark for a year and really being part of tthey strategy that we're building up that we're executing on today. So from that perspective, I've been asked before as I got on, what are you dramatically going to change, I was like, I don’t know, tthey company has been doing pretty well, so I’m not going to dramatically change anything, but what I do bring to tthey table is, having great experiences coming for Qualcomm and DIRECTV, ttheyse are 30 plus billion dollar companies that have scaled through very high growth cycles. And so my focus is really going to be making sure that I can deliver that scaling expertise to Adobe as we continue to grow 10 billion, 15 billion going forward. So that's going to be a lot of tthey focus. And ttheyn, certainly, I've got a fairly extensive background in M&A as well and so that's an area that I can deliver value for Adobe as well. Walter Pritchard Got it. Great, well, John and Mike, thank you very much for coming to tthey event theyre and everybody thanks for joining tthey session. John Murphy Thank you. 