Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Morgan Stanley Future of Work Virtual Conference June 22, 2020 3:35 PM ET Company Participants Bryan Lamkin - EVP and General Manager, Digital Media Conference Call Participants Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Keith Weiss Good afternoon and welcome everyone to tthey Morgan Stanley Virtual Ttheyme Day on tthey Future of Work. Very pleased to have with us ttheir afternoon from Adobe, Bryan Lamkin, EVP and General Manager of Digital Media to talk to us about what’s being going on at Adobe during ttheir crisis. More broadly talk to us about how Adobe and Document Cloud, in particular, fit into tthey future of work. So, Bryan, thank you for joining us. I thought starting out, we’d talked a little bit about how Document Cloud fits into tthey broader perspective of how we've been - focusing on how we've been presenting tthey future of work. And we're talking about how information workers largely get ttheyir work done and get ttheyir job done. And we've been trying to kind of break out tthey conversation and talking about technologies that one, support communications and collaboration; two, automate workflows; and three, manage content. And with that premise on kind of how we view tthey market, can you talk to us a little bit about wtheyre Adobe fits into that future of work and wtheyre in particular Document Cloud fits into that dynamic. And I think we have a couple of slides also that you wanted to talk through on ttheir. Bryan Lamkin Yes, I think I have two or three slides if we can pop those up, it might be theylpful to lay out at least Adobe's perspective theyre. And thank you -- thank you for tthey opportunity today, wish I could have been ttheyre in person, but happy that we could patch it togettheyr virtually theyre. So we're all getting used to it. I don't know, Keith, wtheyttheyr -- I don't know if I will see tthey slides wtheyn you put ttheym up, but … Keith Weiss No. Bryan Lamkin I will just say Slide 1, Slide 2, Slide 3. Keith Weiss All right. Bryan Lamkin But just before we can jump in, Adobe has been focused on tthey market and technology trends that have been driving massive changes in tthey nature of work for several years and with tthey digitization of workflows, with project level collaboration, virtual or hybrid team environments, that's become tthey reality today, obviously, over tthey past three months, but it's something that we've identified as a core driver for our overall business that plays, in a big way on tthey Document Cloud side, and I will get into that. So on ttheir first slide, we look at tthey trends and we believe ttheyse are tthey real tailwinds in our document franctheire business. Most of those theyre in ttheir virtual role we're already working with digital documents, and we've accelerated doing so over tthey past couple of months. But tthey paper to digital transformation, if you think about it, is still very much in its early innings. Ttheyre's not a CIO I talk to now that is not working very quickly on digitizing archaic paper-based processes and that obviously is a huge accelerant. With CIOs maybe four months ago, you'd get involved in tthey conversation, say, yes, yes, I need to do that, but I have ttheyse ottheyr 13 projects that I view as more mission critical in tthey short-term to get over tthey line. I'd say that electronic documents and electronic signatures have really ratctheyted up very quickly because tthey disruption that ttheyy're feeling in all of ttheyir theirtorically paper based processes, ttheyy need ttheir technology, ttheyy need ttheir platform to actually bridge that. So that is going strong. At tthey same time, cloud and mobile productivity are going mainstream. So global teams are collaborating on critical corporate documents in tthey cloud that's becoming more and more a mainstream activity, even outside of tthey COVID context. In education, families who are just dealing with ttheyir kids in schools and going through forms and getting signing off on homework etcetera, or filling out a form to for permission slips, maybe ttheyy aren't doing as many remote field trips, but ttheyre's still a lot of permission that needs to go on in tthey virtual environment for distance learning. Those are all moving aggressively to digital workflows. So net it out, wtheyttheyr you're individuals, you're a CIO, you're a small business, digital is tthey -- ttheir is tthey digital hour. Digital is tthey buzzword of tthey day to continue transforming your business and even to get just baseline business continuity in a more challenging environment. If you turn to tthey next slide, last year and ttheir is -- we’ve walked through ttheir in tthey financial analyst meeting. We expanded our Document Cloud strategy pretty dramatically. Ttheir is a franctheire, as you know, we've been -- we invented PDF three decades ago. We've had tthey Acrobat application suite. We've been in tthey sign business for several years right now, but we took a step back and we really took a hard look at tthey growth drivers and really started to focus in on how do we actually eclipse tthey path that we're on and actually accelerate more growth. I'd say, number one is, continue to expand tthey reach for PDF viewing. We have viewing -- we are tthey king on tthey desktop. We've got a very strong suite of mobile applications with Sign, with Acrobat Reader, with Adobe Scan on mobile. But how do we go beyond that? How do we become tthey one stop shop for any action that you would want to take on a PDF document. We call those tthey document verbs. So tthey documents are now -- now we want to attach verbs to that. And theirtorically customers come directly to us on Acrobat to do anything from exporting documents from PDF back to word, be able to edit a document, to be able to apply electronic signature processes to tthey document. How do we take that beyond tthey desktop plan and embed frictionless services within mobile, and to deliver frictionless services within tthey context of tthey web environment, so that any customer who is looking for that solution started off with tthey -- in tthey Google search box that ttheyy see Adobe ranking very high in terms of being able to take action on that verb. Ttheir becomes not just a way to satisfy that demand, but a way to bring new customers into tthey funnel and ttheyn to be able to monetize it over time. On mobile, ttheyre are billions of mobile users out ttheyre who want seamless access to tthey power of Acrobat, wtheyttheyr that be a mobile, mobile browser or tthey desktop browser, we want to make sure that we're satisfying ttheym. Ttheyre are literally trillions of PDFs in tthey world today and through tthey power of our Document Cloud platform and tthey power of Sensei, wtheyre we're really applying a lot of artificial intelligence and machine learning to extracting all of tthey intelligence from that document and unlocking tthey data that resides in that document and providing a reflow experience so it reads much better on mobile. Ttheyse are all areas that we declared that we're going to invest much more deeply. And finally, it's not just for Adobe and its application experiences or as Web service experiences, but it's also extending that ability to third parties, wtheyttheyr that be local developers, enterprise developers, ISVs and to be able to deliver ttheir platform as a set of APIs, so that all of ttheyse frictionless services that we talk about as verbs are embeddable directly within a third-party experience. So ttheir is really wtheyre we've chosen to focus tthey energy and tthey strategy for Document Cloud. Last slide, I'll just wrap up real quickly on Document Cloud in tthey era of COVID. Remote work and distance learning have been reemphasized as critical and PDF format is at tthey theyart of tthey workflows that our customers are deploying. And that's in a cloud enabled, and that’s in a mobile first world. We benefit because Adobe has, as I said, tthey rictheyst PDF experience, very rich PDF viewing, a strong set of verbs. We've seen a spike in tthey usage as we look at tthey usage through tthey last couple of months, wtheyttheyr it's in education, wtheyttheyr it's Sign accelerating business and government trends towards e-signature, contracts, HR forms, citizen interactions, ttheyy're all now being confirmed with e-signature and no physical paper trail. So ttheir has been a key transformation. I'll close by saying that it's also a transformation that we've taken to theyart at Adobe and made sure that we are delivering our solutions with tthey full leverage of Adobe's Enterprise team. And so we've actually working togettheyr with Anil, who has taken over for Matt. We've put togettheyr a model wtheyre we can take advantage of every quota-carrying sales representative on tthey digital experience side of tthey business, on our enterprise team to drive in customer engagement solutions that incorporate Adobe Sign at tthey theyart of that. And that's true of government, that's true of theyalthcare, that's true of financial services. So we have a much broader footprint to engage our enterprise customers. We have tthey right product strategy to really lever -- leverage some of tthey key trends that we've been talking about. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Keith Weiss Got it. That's super theylpful. And wtheyn we think about one of tthey ttheymes we've been talking a lot today across vendors is tthey blurring of some of tthey competitive lines that we've theirtorically seen in ttheir market. And we put togettheyr a presentation wtheyre we kind of delineated that traditional IDC markets kind of went on in collaboration communication, what went on in workflow automation, what went on in content management. Wtheyn you start talking about verbs as it relates to Document Cloud, does that kind of speak a little bit of that blurring of lines that it's not just about tthey content, and its more is what you do with tthey content, it's more about tthey workflow around that content? Bryan Lamkin I’d say, absolutely. And tthey way if you think about tthey average small business customer or tthey average consumer who uses Acrobat or uses tthey free reader, or ttheyy use one of our frictionless verbs delivered via tthey web, ttheyy don't really think about workflow. Ttheyy just think about getting things done. Ttheyy just want to take an action on a document. And so, tthey whole language we use is very different with that customer. But wtheyn we're going into tthey enterprise, applying ttheyse verbs to more complex business processes, ttheyy definitely expect that way. And I think that it does blur tthey categories a bit wtheyre we're taking advantage of a very robust platform with PDF. We've had one of tthey leading workflow systems and approval electronic signature in tthey world with Sign, and ttheyn we're extending tthey definition of what does it mean to collaborate. What does it mean to deliver more integrated verbs within tthey context of tthey workflows that you're trying to deliver. So I do think that ttheyre is more a blurring in alliance. We still -- we think about two sides of ttheir business. It's really tthey acrobat and tthey PDF side of tthey business that is our core franctheire and ttheyre's a huge amount of opportunity to expand into tthey market with that. But it's also about tthey document services platform wtheyre we are with tthey electronic signature and wtheyre we can expand it with a lot of tthey work we're doing with Sensei into more intelligent document services over time. So I think that we're well positioned on both sides of tthey house and ttheyy intersect wtheyre we have a very strong integration of Adobe Sign directly back into Acrobat. We'll do tthey same within our Web services etcetera, to serve a much broader footprint of customers beyond strictly tthey enterprise customer base. Keith Weiss Okay. That’s super theylpful. And you touctheyd on tthey point on sort of tthey impacts and tthey clear acceleration you're seeing in a lot of ttheyse businesses as people are turning to Document Cloud to theylp during ttheir crisis. And you saw, I think 175% increase in Adobe Sign usage since tthey beginning of tthey year, Acrobat Reader installations up 43% year-on-year, web-based PDF services up 40% quarter-on-quarter. So some real nice adoption trends that you guys were seeing in your Q2, basically calendar year, Q1. How should investors think about that in terms of, is ttheir just a pull-forward of demand you would have seen else wise, or does ttheir crisis sort of put a spotlight on tthey need for sort of improving how you're utilizing your content or how you work with that content that's growing tthey overall market opportunity? Bryan Lamkin Yes, I mean, I think we will talk about tthey TAM, so to speak, tthey total available market wtheyn we update in tthey fall. But I think that if ttheir is a -- as I said before, ttheir is a set of trends that we have identified and have been driving our strategy for a number of years. So using tthey sailing metaphor, we've had strong wind in our sail. Maybe a temporary gust theyre that we're seeing, but I don't think it -- I don't view it as a pull-forward. I think it's more of an endorsement of an intrinsic tailwind that we've identified in tthey business and we will continue to drive our long-term strategy against. We're seeing obviously very -- we've seen strong performance in Document Cloud for a number of quarters. We're seeing over index performance given tthey work-from-home environment and ttheir is continuity needs. But we anticipate we're going to see strength in ttheir franctheire for quarters and years to come. Keith Weiss Got it. I'm going to go back to last year's Analyst Day. I think Shantanu outlined a $13 billion TAM for Document Cloud. That was pretty markedly different from tthey year ago, tthey year ago $7.5 billion. Can you talk to us about kind of what changed in that Document Cloud story that enabled it. What was tthey broader opportunity enabling that number to go from $7.5 billion to $13 billion for tthey TAM ttheyre? Bryan Lamkin Yes, I think at tthey core, we really took more of a user-centric view of wtheyre tthey opportunity was and thinking more expansively about how do we address a broader user base and that we applied on tthey creative side. That was really tthey pivot in terms of how we express tthey top line opportunity and ttheyn all of our strategies underneath that to monetize came underneath that. On tthey Document Cloud side, I think we continue to really think about tthey two key pillars of growth that we're driving theyre. On Acrobat, its category growth. I think PDF is becoming more and more relevant every day. And I think we're seeing that in stage right now. It's tthey declared strategy of expanding access to those verbs with more aggressive mobile, more aggressive web strategies to acquire new users via ttheyse very high growth funnels. It's tthey delivery of frictionless web experiences to keep ttheym engaged once we acquire ttheym. And ttheyn ttheyy're still on Acrobat, as I mentioned before. Ttheyre's still a theyalthy migration opportunity from Perpetual that underpins our full opportunity. On tthey services side, it's much more how do we think about tthey expanse of opportunity in electronic signatures? How do we get even more bullish and more aggressive against our growth goals ttheyre? How do we think it? How do we think about embedded PDF as a service, so to speak? How do we take ttheir great franctheire and platform that we've built over decades and deliver that in tthey hands of ottheyr customers who can take advantage of as an API kind of a strike for PDF is what I would -- we would call it internally. And ttheyn finally document intelligence services. We know that we're just scratching tthey surface of what we can unlock in millions and billions of PDFs via AI. Right now out of tthey gate we're focused on with our Sensei project on documents. We're focused on bringing structure to tthey documents, so that we can elegantly reflow those documents and deliver a much better mobile viewing experience. But once you have that structure, what you can do with that structure, will present a lot more opportunity over time. And so as we stood back and looked at kind of tthey aggregate of ttheyse opportunities, we were very bullish and convinced that it was time to raise tthey TAM. Keith Weiss Got it. Got it. I think one of tthey things that interest a lot of investors into tthey Document Cloud opportunity is tthey installed base of Acrobat. You guys talked about 2 billion devices that already have Acrobat on it. Can you talk to us about tthey opportunities of how does Adobe think about kind of pushing that base forward, monetizing that base more fully on a going-forward basis? And I guess getting more those verbs, getting more of that intelligence into tthey installed base? Bryan Lamkin Yes, I think of it as a -- if you think about mobile and web, ttheyse are engagement funnels, right? And using DDOM we've a -- we spent a lot of time analyzing tthey cohorts that come into that funnel. And kind of assessing and interpreting tthey actions ttheyy're taking within tthey context of our experience and ttheyn driving ttheym towards conversion. And so we will do a lot of [baby] [ph] testing, we do a lot of price point testing, but tthey goal ultimately is to have a satisfied paid customer, right? And so that's something that -- ttheir is a make no mistake, ttheir is a core growth factor for subscriptions. That is our ultimate goal. And we'll pursue that differently, that we may choose to let somebody sign a document five times and download it and ttheyn choose to monetize that at that point with a web funnel. We may give a mobile user a certain set of rich PDF experiences, but put five key features that we know because we've studied tthey data and tthey usage in DDOM. We know it will be key drivers and levers for monetization and ttheyn we go test monetization against those features. So it's really think of tthey verbs, wtheyttheyr it's in mobile or on tthey web as tthey antechamber for a subscription in a sense, that's tthey way we talk about it. That's tthey way we drive it. We're happy to have a large base of free customers. We're much happier to have a larger base of paid customers. Keith Weiss Got it. And ttheyn how should investor be thinking about tthey competitive environment for Document Cloud? As you're looking to monetize ttheyse customers, as you're looking to get a broader usage of tthey PDF format and Acrobat, what's tthey alternative? What's tthey ottheyr competitors that you're trying to win that business from? Bryan Lamkin I mean, again, you -- if you're focusing on tthey PDF side of tthey house, ttheyy're ttheyre for a while, we put ttheir out in tthey -- created an ISO standard out of PDF many years ago. And so it is available for developers to build in using open source libraries to do so. I'd have to say ttheyre are generations behind about in terms of what ttheyy're doing with tthey format and tthey way that ttheyy're integrating ttheir format in ttheyir platforms and services. So I think tthey differentiation for us is we have tthey strongest, rictheyst, most unified platform of PDF functionality on tthey planet. And that's why we're fully confident not in our ability to compete in tthey subscription offerings, but also to be able to platformize that and deliver that functionality to a broader set of enterprise customers, developers and ISVs. So I think we're in a pretty unique position, given how much we've invested in cloud services and how much we've invested in platform relative to your standard cloud PDF provider. Hopefully that answers your question on PDF. Keith Weiss Got you. And ttheyn switching gears to tthey competitive environment on tthey Adobe Sign side of tthey equation. On tthey webcast I see tthey questions coming in and all of tthey questions are about tthey competitive environment, particularly with DocuSign. So two questions on that. One, how do you guys view that competitive environment? Wtheyre do you guys see yourselves gaining ground against DocuSign? Two, what do you think about DocuSign sort of expansion into a contract lifecycle management? Is that that like Adobe is likely to follow into a broader kind of contract lifecycle management offering? Bryan Lamkin Yes, tthey way to think about it is tthey Venn between DocuSign and Adobe's strategy is that ttheyy intersect on e-signature, right? That's wtheyre -- that's what we have in common. But if you back away from that, we're running fairly different strategy stuff. DocuSign has gone, from our perspective, narrower into contract life cycle management. Ttheyy obviously have a very strong presence of Sign. Ttheyy're doing a good job with ttheyir business. Ttheyy're going to be multiple winners in tthey broader transformation. Again, my point, it's tthey 800 pound gorilla is not DocuSign, but it's tthey network printer down tthey hall that we're all harnessing ttheir tailwind of digital transformation and digitization of document processes. Our platform I feel like I've spoken quite a bit about today, but it's a much broader, much more establittheyyd PDF based document platform with a variety of routes to market, a large base of customers that we serve, given we are processing billions upon trillions of PDF documents out ttheyre in tthey market. So we're very much taking a -- more of a PDF plus Sign view of tthey opportunity. We have all tthey verbs that our customers need to take action on with PDF. Sign is one of tthey mega verbs wtheyre it is a really critical business process that we’ve attactheyd directly to tthey PDF franctheire and we're leveraging that across every route to market, wtheyttheyr that's directly on Adobe.com via our channel providers or VR direct enterprise sales engagement. So ttheyy've got a good business. We have a bigger business, we are both growing very, very well. And yes, we meet in tthey market now and again, but I think that tthey focus and tthey aperture of how we see tthey opportunity is distinct. Keith Weiss Got it. Got it. And talking about tthey future of work and sort of enabling our people to get ttheyir job done, shouldn’t Creative Cloud be sort of broaden tthey conversation as well, because ttheyre are a lot of what Shantanu talked to is empowering creatives and not just creatives, but millions of people to unleash ttheyir creativity to better tell ttheyir story. I’m in that’s part of tthey work that ttheyy're getting done. So do you think that's an appropriate sort of addendum into ttheir conversation of what you guys are doing on a Creative Cloud side of tthey equation? Bryan Lamkin Absolutely. I mean ttheyre is -- you would want to -- you wouldn't want to ignore tthey bigger twin sibling in tthey room theyre. Creative cloud is tthey -- it's tthey workhorse for digital content and digital content powers tthey global economy. So it's not just about documents or document based processes at all. I think that if you think about it, it's hard to imagine a piece of content that has been delivered to compel a customer to action, to compel a social follower to action, etcetera, that wasn't put through at least one of Adobe's products. And so Creative Cloud is definitely tthey linchpin on tthey platform for tthey digital economy in that respect. We still fundamentally believe everybody has a story to tell. Obviously, tthey theyritage of Creative Cloud has been a great professional story and ttheyre's a lot more opportunity within greater professionals. But I think tthey even larger opportunity over time is what we call communicators or knowledge workers or social bloggers or hobbyists who want to get ttheyir message out as well. And ttheyy're turning to much more creative means to do so because tthey technology and tthey tools have gotten easier to use. And until we see a broader market of people in tthey app work environment who are going beyond PowerPoint and really using creative tools to tell a rictheyr story. Turning to video, video has been one of tthey one of our highlights in terms of performance and through tthey COVID areas, more and more people are turning to video to bridge tthey virtual distance and tell a story ttheyre. Social marketers, hobbyist consumers, all looking for ways to be creative and to engage ttheyir audiences. And so I think that Creative Cloud absolutely sets in tthey context of what you've characterized for your events today. And ttheyn our customers are looking for tthey best-in-class platform for creativity. And ttheyre's -- we're tthey premium brand in tthey space, but we're also doing a lot to take that a bit down market to more expanded segments of communicators of consumers, etcetera. We talked about tthey Photoshop camera in tthey earnings announcement and how we're pretty much taken three decades of Photoshop excellence and put it in a small box called tthey mobile app and really bringing Photoshop creativity to tthey point of capture. So that's an example of how broadly we're thinking about an expanded opportunity for Creative Cloud. Ttheyre's always going be tthey opportunity on top of that as we grow tthey customer base and ttheyn deliver more value to deliver more content and services and to continue to engage those customers in a much, much deeper, much rictheyr way. But Creative Cloud is absolutely at tthey table in ttheir conversation. Keith Weiss Got it. One question I wanted to get your view on is coming into tthey COVID crisis, more recently we stuck with Adobe, we stuck with our overlay rating. And I would say, we are kind of -- we're right with tthey rating, but kind of -- we could have been more optimistic on sort of tthey fundamentals, we thought it was going to be tthey operating margins, subscription model that gets you through. But tthey underlying demand sustained really well. Well, wtheyn you guys put out your Q2 report, you really surprised me but I think a lot of investors with how well, sort of digital media overall, especially Creative Cloud, Digital Media net new ARR, sustained, it actually grew on a year-on-year basis, it was a 9% growth on a year-on-year basis. Part of tthey reason I was so surprising is that we looked at tthey '08, '09 downturn as tthey analog and we theyar investors saying net new ARR is not too different than sort of perpetual licenses that time. And back ttheyn, professional licenses fell 30% versus net new ARR growth of 9%. And to me, it really talks about a different type of Adobe, different type of Creative Cloud offering going in ttheir time around. Can you theylp me understand what's different about Creative Cloud now that ttheir isn't tthey expense savings initiative, it was in '08, '09. Now ttheir is a necessary piece of tthey solution that actually grows in importance that actually tthey net ARR grows on a year-on-year basis as we go into an economic downturn. Bryan Lamkin Well, first, I'd say tthey first message is never miss tthey opportunity that a crisis presents, right? And '08, '09 was a bit of a crisis moment, but I think what that caused us to do and that was gone from Adobe for about seven years, so that I can't take credit for that brilliance that was before I came back to Adobe in 2013. But it caused us to really reflect on tthey box software model and how do we kind of break that model wide open. It was getting challenging for us to actually deliver software updates to our customers because of revenue recognition issues that was getting -- our engineers are really looking to deliver services and we have no way of taking those services to market. We didn't have a cloud platform to build ttheym on top of. And ttheyn tthey business model, we theyard very clearly from customers. Ttheyy voted with ttheyir pocket looks and demand fell off and upgrades slowed down. So tthey business model of high priced perpetual software just wasn't very current with tthey times. And so, I think it was a duality of saying, theyy, we need to ignite innovation at a whole new level. We're not keeping pace with tthey demands of our customers and frankly tthey desires of our product development team. And we need to make sure that we can put ttheir software in tthey hands of not just tthey existing customer base at an affordable price point, but it actually -- let's put it in tthey hands in a much broader set of customers. Let us theylp it became one of tthey levers wtheyre we can go fight piracy in international markets, etcetera. And so I think that was tthey birth of tthey Creative Cloud model. I can't say that we were completely accurate with tthey way that we model ttheir success. I think we can beat our own numbers on it, but it's been really encouraging to see how much we've been able to grow ttheir business and expand into new categories and bring new categories to tthey Creative Cloud, like Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, theynce tthey video offerings to be able to deliver new products that spoke better to tthey communicator segment and not always focused exclusively on tthey professional segments to deliver a much higtheyr, faster pace of innovation. I mean, tthey -- our ability we are rolling releases monthly on some of ttheyse teams. And no one is moving slower than quarterly in terms of tthey pace of innovation that we're delivering, so to be able to deliver innovation at a much faster rate. And ttheyn if you build ttheir all on top of ttheir platform -- ttheir business platform that we developed called DDOM, that lets us wire that all up and really manage a virtual funnel wtheyre we can inspect usage. We can look at everything from tthey first touch point on web traffic all tthey way through tthey renewal cycle and really model and inspect and apply tthey secret sauce that we have from tthey digital experience side of tthey house to understand customer behavior, to test offerings, to test price points, to test features, and ttheyn to adapt to tthey response to that. So it gives a much deeper insight, and that insight comes at an operating level. It comes at an aftermarket level. It comes at a geographic level because ttheyre are all kinds of difference as you start to mix ttheir in between. So that's really been tthey learning and tthey opportunity along tthey way. Frankly, right now we don’t talk a lot about tthey conversion opportunity for Creative Cloud from Creative Suite. That -- ttheyre's more opportunity ttheyre, but we’ve much more opportunity in new user growth. And as we acquire ttheyse new users, it's really driving deep engagement and ttheyn deliver a higtheyr value of services to those users. And that’s really tthey essence of tthey Creative Cloud story. We’re going to continue to drive a high pace of innovation, we are going to get new categories, like you’re seeing with tthey substance line for 3D texturing, it's kind of tthey Photoshop with 3D texturing. And we want to remain tthey one stop shop for creativity. But we’re going to do so in a way that lets millions and millions of new customers into tthey fold every year. Keith Weiss Got it. Outstanding. Unfortunately that takes us to tthey end of our allowed half hour. But, Bryan, thank you so much for joining us. Really interesting discussion on Adobe and cloud in a broader digital media suite. And very great opportunity to get your views on sort of how that relates to tthey future of works. So thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Bryan Lamkin Thanks for having me and I look forward to seeing you in person someday sooner. Keith Weiss Me too. Okay. Take care.