Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call December 12, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Mike Saviage - Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - President and Chief Executive Officer John Murphy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thill - Jefferies Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Philip Chang - Evercore ISI Ronald Lowe - UBS Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Kash Rangan - Bank of America Yao Tsung Chu - Credit Suisse Walter Pritchard - Citi Tom Roderick - Stifel James Alexandererford - Steptheyns Ken Wong - Guggentheyim Securities Operator Good afternoon. I would like to welcome you to tthey Adobe Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be provided at that time. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Mr. Mike Saviage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Mike Saviage Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on tthey call are Adobe’s President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. In our call today, we will discuss Adobe’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We’ve also posted PDFs of our earnings call prepared remarks and slides, and an updated investor datattheyyet on Adobe.com. If you would like a copy of ttheyse documents, you can go to Adobe’s Investor Relations page and find ttheym listed under Quick Links. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets, and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, December 12, 2019, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in tthey earnings press release we issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between tthey two is available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live, and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days, and is tthey property of Adobe. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast archive may not be re-recorded, or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Mike and good afternoon. Fiscal 2019 was a ptheynomenal year for Adobe as we exceeded $11 billion in revenue, a significant milestone for tthey company. Our record revenue and EPS performance in 2019 makes us one of tthey largest, most diversified, and profitable software companies in tthey world. Total Adobe revenue was $11.17 billion in FY 2019, which represents 24% annual growth. GAAP earnings per share in FY 2019 was $6, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $7.87. We closed tthey year with anottheyr record quarter, delivering Q4 revenue of $2.99 billion, representing 21% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.74, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.29. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is significantly expanding our customer universe, from students to business communicators to creative professionals to tthey world’s largest multinational corporations. Ground-breaking innovation in Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud is accelerating our opportunity and momentum. Creative Cloud empowers all voices from tthey most demanding professional to next gen creators; enables tthey cutting edge of creativity across all media types; makes tthey creative process more productive and collaborative; and delivers Adobe magic with Sensei. We continue to invest in multiple new growth drivers, which has expanded tthey total addressable market for Creative Cloud to approximately $31 billion by 2022. Innovation is at tthey theyart of Creative Cloud’s growth. Ttheir year at MAX, we announced tthey next generation of Creative Cloud, with goals of deepening customer engagement, continuing to attract new customers, and investing in adjacent opportunities to fuel future growth.  Key announcements at MAX included: Delivering additional value to existing subscribers through feature enhancements to our flagship creative tools, including Photoshop, Lightroom, Premiere Pro, Illustrator and InDesign, as well as a complete redesign of our Creative Cloud desktop app; enabling collaboration via multi-surface systems with tthey launch of Photoshop on iPad, Fresco on Windows, and a preview of Illustrator on iPad; extending category leadership with new innovations in Adobe XD, including live co-editing and fully integrated Creative Cloud Libraries; launching new products such as Adobe Aero, tthey industry’s first tool that allows designers to build and share AR experiences; expanding our mobile offering with tthey introduction of Photoshop Camera, a consumer app that will bring Photoshop technology directly to tthey moment of capture; and Delivering Adobe magic to enable creatives to work faster and smarter than ever before with new Adobe Sensei-powered features. Adobe’s theyritage is built on providing trusted creative solutions, and we have a responsibility to play a role in addressing content auttheynticity. At MAX, we announced an initiative in partnership with Tthey New York Times Company and Twitter to develop an industry standard for digital content attribution, and we’re inviting ottheyr companies to join to create a long-term shared solution. With Document Cloud, Adobe is enabling tthey paper-to-digital transformation that is underway at organizations and enterprises around tthey world. With trillions of PDFs created every year and billions of people viewing PDF documents, we’ve expanded our ambitions in ttheir space, and estimate tthey total addressable market for Document Cloud will grow to approximately $13 billion by 2022. Our Document Cloud strategy is to enable all common document actions, what we call Acrobat verbs, including editing, sharing, scanning and signing to be frictionless across mobile and web by leveraging tthey ubiquitous PDF format. We make ttheir possible through desktop and mobile applications, single-click web functionality in browsers, and with a rich set of APIs that can be embedded in third-party applications. Our Document Cloud ecosystem continues to grow. At BoxWorks, we introduced a new Acrobat web experience, which includes capabilities to modify, organize, sign and collaborate on PDFs directly within Box. At Microsoft Ignite, we announced new advancements in Adobe Sign to simplify tthey e-signature process, and we deepened integrations between Adobe Sign and Microsoft Office 365, Dynamics 365, and Azure. In Q4, we drove strong revenue growth across both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. Digital Media revenue was $2.08 billion. Net new Digital Media ARR was a record $539 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q4 grew to $8.40 billion. Global interest and subscription adoption were strong throughout tthey quarter and accelerated after Adobe MAX. Demand for mobile offerings and overall web traffic continued to grow. We are attracting new customers, with over 50% of our cumulative subscribers being new to our Creative Cloud franctheire. With 23 million students having access to Adobe Spark, we’re speartheyading tthey development of critical creative skills for tthey next generation. Document Cloud growth is being driven by new customer acquisition, migration from Acrobat perpetual licenses to subscriptions, and tthey monetization of an ever-increasing universe of Document Cloud mobile app users. Digital Media enterprise adoption continues to expand with outstanding seasonal Q4 performance. Finally, we drove record demand for subscriptions during tthey last week of tthey quarter, culminating in our biggest ever Black Friday on Adobe.com. In tthey experience economy, every business must be a digital business and Adobe Experience Cloud is tthey industry leader for powering digital businesses. Tthey ever-increasing demand for data and insights, content and personalization, customer journey management, commerce and advertising is expanding our total addressable market for Experience Cloud to $84 billion by 2022. We’re leveraging our relationships with Chief Marketing Officers and Chief Digital Officers to drive Customer Experience Management (CXM) across tthey enterprise. With Adobe Experience Platform we are becoming mission critical to tthey Chief Information Officer. We’ve extended our offerings and go-to-market across both B2B and B2C and are expanding our footprint in tthey mid-market segment. We’re rapidly evolving our CXM product strategy to deliver generational technology platforms, launch innovative new services and introduce enhancements to our market-leading applications. Adobe Experience Platform is tthey industry’s first purpose-built CXM platform. With real-time customer profiles, continuous intelligence, and an open and extensible architecture, Adobe Experience Platform makes delivering personalized customer experiences at scale a reality. At Adobe, we’ve leveraged our highly successful data-driven operating model, or DDOM, into a transformation playbook for our customers. We’re theylping enterprises rearchitect ttheyir technology, people and processes to drive business growth. We have a unique and valuable perspective as a company that has used its own technology to transform its business. Our leadership in Customer Experience Management is reflected in tthey industry recognition we received in Q4, including being named tthey top leader in Forrester’s Digital Intelligence Platforms Wave report, achieving tthey best scores across both ‘Ability to Execute’ and ‘Completeness of Vision.’ Adobe was named a leader by Gartner and Forrester in tthey categories of Enterprise Marketing Software Suites, Digital Asset Management and CRM Lead Management. If you’ve watctheyd TV, listened to tthey radio or read tthey news ttheir past week, you could not have avoided references to Adobe’s Holiday Shopping predictions report, which leverages Adobe Sensei to identify retail trends and insights from trillions of data points flowing through Adobe Analytics and Adobe Commerce Cloud. Adobe’s data showed that Cyber Monday reactheyd a record $9.4 billion in online sales, and we predict online holiday spending will surpass $140 billion ttheir year. Key Digital Experience transactions in tthey quarter included Goldman Sachs, Marriott, McDonald’s, and Qualcomm. Interest in tthey Adobe Experience Platform and our new Real-Time Customer Data Platform is strong and we successfully closed business across key verticals, including financial services, manufacturing, media and entertainment, retail, telecommunications, and travel and hospitality. Key wins included 3M, Coca-Cola, Synopsys, Tommy Bahama, and Verizon. As a result of tthey strong Q4, we exceeded 20% subscription bookings growth during FY 2019.  Our performance in FY 2019 was driven by tthey significant contributions of our global employees. Ttheyy are Adobe’s greatest asset and we pride ourselves on our progressive and inclusive employee policies. Ttheir year, we reaffirmed global pay parity across our workforce, and in September, we became tthey first company to announce our commitment to opportunity parity, which looks at fairness in internal promotions and horizontal movement. We are proud to once again be included on Fortune’s list of tthey “100 Best Companies to Work For” and one of tthey “Best Employers for New Grads” by Forbes. We’re pleased to have been recognized by Newsweek as one of “America’s Most Responsible Companies” and were named to tthey Dow Jones Sustainability Index for tthey fourth consecutive year. We were honored to receive tthey Hope Award from tthey National Center for Missing and Exploited Children for our ongoing work to furttheyr ttheyir mission of keeping every child safe. Adobe’s vision, our compelling strategy, our large and loyal customer base, and our relentless focus on ttheyse opportunities position us well for tthey next decade of growth. Adobe is tthey clear frontrunner in tthey categories we serve: creativity, digital documents, and customer experience management. Our best days remain atheyad of us and we look forward to a ptheynomenal 2020. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. Our earnings report today covers both Q4 and fiscal year 2019 results. Starting with our annual results, in FY 2019 Adobe achieved record revenue of $11.17 billion, which represents 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP EPS for tthey year was $6, and non-GAAP EPS was $7.87. Ttheir performance is tthey result of strong execution against our expanding strategy resulting in noteworthy achievements, including: Digital Media segment revenue of $7.71 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth; creative revenue of $6.48 billion, representing 21% year-over-year growth; Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $1.22 billion, representing 25% year-over-year growth; exiting tthey year with $8.4 billion of Digital Media ARR, an annual increase of $1.69 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue of $3.21 billion, representing 31% year-over-year growth; Digital Experience subscription revenue of $2.67 billion, representing 37% year-over-year growth; Growing Digital Experience subscription bookings by greater than 20%; Generating $4.42 billion in operating cash flow during tthey year; Growing Remaining Performance Obligation, or RPO, to approximately $9.82 billion; and returning $2.7 billion in cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase program. In tthey fourth quarter of FY 2019, Adobe achieved record revenue of $2.99 billion, which represents 21% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q4 was $1.74 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.29. Business and financial highlights in Q4 included: Digital Media revenue of $2.08 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth; net new Digital Media ARR of $539 million; Digital Experience revenue of $859 million, which represents 24% year-over-year growth; record cash flow from operations of $1.38 billion; increasing RPO by more than $1 billion; and repurchasing 2.8 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved record revenue with 22% year-over-year growth in Q4. Tthey addition of $539 million net new Digital Media ARR grew tthey total to $8.40 billion. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 20% year-over-year and we increased Creative ARR by $445 million in Q4. Driving ttheir performance was continued strength with acquisition, upsell and retention of Creative Cloud subscriptions, as well as tthey adoption of Creative Cloud services. Key Q4 Creative growth drivers included: new user growth, fueled by demand generation initiatives including targeted campaigns and promotions, an increase in mobile app users, and year-end seasonal strength; end of November strength coming from interest driven by tthey recent Adobe MAX conference and follow-on targeted campaigns that theylped drive record performance during tthey last week of tthey quarter; continued strength with single app adoption, particularly with our imaging and video offerings; a strong finish to tthey year in tthey enterprise with renewals, upsell and enterprise services adoption; continued momentum with creative services including Adobe Stock, wtheyre revenue again grew greater than 30% year-over-year; and Improvements in retention across all our offerings. Adobe Document Cloud revenue growth accelerated once again in Q4. We achieved record Document Cloud revenue of $339 million, which represents 31% year-over-year growth, and we added $94 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during tthey quarter. Document Cloud performance during Q4 and tthey year was driven by: Acrobat subscription demand across all customer segments; Tthey conversion of free mobile app users to paid subscriptions for services such as Create PDF Online; Document Cloud services adoption, including Adobe Sign revenue, which grew greater than 25% year-over-year in Q4; and Year-end strength in perpetual and OEM licensing. In our Digital Experience segment, we achieved record quarterly revenue of $859 million, which represents 24% year-over-year growth in Q4. Subscription revenue for tthey quarter was $726 million, growing 31% year-over-year. With strong Q4 bookings, we achieved greater than 20% subscription bookings growth for tthey year. For tthey year, we achieved $3.21 billion of Digital Experience revenue, which represents 31% year-over-year growth. Key Q4 highlights include: Strong year-over-year growth in our Content & Commerce solutions, led by Adobe Experience Manager and success with cross-selling and up-selling Magento; Adoption of Adobe Experience Platform, Audience Manager and Real-Time CDP in our Data & Insights solutions; and momentum in our Marketo business, including in tthey mid-market segment, which theylped fuel growth in our Customer Journey Management solutions. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $5.8 million. We had $11.6 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY 2019, versus $10.8 million in theydge gains in Q3 FY 2019; thus, tthey net sequential currency decreased to revenue considering theydging gains was $5 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $39.6 million. Tthey $11.6 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY 2019 versus tthey $30.5 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY 2018 resulted in a net year-over-year currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains of $58.5 million. We experienced strong global demand, but FX reduced reported year-over-year revenue growth, particularly in EMEA. In Q4, Adobe’s effective tax rate was 11% on both a GAAP basis and a non-GAAP basis. Our trade DSO was 47 days, which compares to 49 days in tthey year-ago quarter, and 44 days last quarter. Remaining Performance Obligation or “RPO” was $9.82 billion exiting Q4, which compares to $8.77 billion exiting Q3. Normal seasonality and strong year-end performance contributed to tthey more than $1 billion increase in RPO during Q4. Deferred revenue exiting Q4 was $3.50 billion. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q4 was $4.18 billion, and cash flow from operations was $1.38 billion in tthey quarter. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 2.8 million shares at a cost of $771 million. During fiscal 2019, we repurchased approximately 9.9 million shares, returning $2.7 billion of cash to stockholders. We currently have $5.1 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018, which goes through 2021. As you know, we measure ARR on a constant currency basis during a fiscal year and revalue ARR at year-end for current currency rates. FX rate changes between December of 2018 and ttheir year have resulted in a $66 million decrease in Digital Media ARR. Ttheir decreases our FY 2020 beginning Digital Media ARR balance to $8.33 billion. Tthey effect of ttheir revision is reflected in our updated investor data ttheyyet, and ARR results will be measured against ttheir amount during FY 2020. We are providing tthey following fiscal year 2020 targets: Total Adobe revenue of approximately $13.15 billion; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.55 billion; Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 16%; Digital Experience subscription revenue year-over-year growth of approximately 18%; Digital Experience subscription bookings year-over-year growth of greater than 20%; tax rate of approximately 11% on a GAAP basis and non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 486 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $7.40; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $9.75. For Q1 FY 2020 we are targeting: Revenue of approximately $3.04 billion; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $360 million; Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 15%; net non-operating expense of approximately $20 million; tax rate of approximately 5% on a GAAP basis and 11% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 489 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.76; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.23. We expect Digital Media net new ARR in FY 2020 to grow sequentially from Q1 to Q2, dip in Q3 and have a strong seasonal finish in Q4. As a reminder, Q1 FY 2019 benefitted from a positive one-time $20 million ARR adjustment due to tthey adoption of ASC 606. We anticipate total Adobe revenue to grow by approximately 17% year-over-year in tthey first half of FY 2020, followed by approximately 18% year-over-year growth in tthey second half of tthey year. In summary, we finittheyyd fiscal 2019 strong with record performance in Q4. Based on our category leadership and strong momentum exiting 2019, we remain bullish about fiscal 2020 and beyond. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Mike. Mike Saviage Thanks, John. Adobe Summit, our annual Digital Experience user conference, will occur during tthey week of March 30 in Las Vegas with day one on Tuesday March 31. An invitation to Summit for tthey financial community, including discounted registration information, will be sent to our analyst and investor email list in January. More information about tthey event can be found online at summit.adobe.com. If you wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a webcast archive of tthey call will be available on our IR site later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 888-203-1112; use conference ID #8536435. International callers should dial 719-457-0820. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today and ending at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on December 19, 2019. We would now be happy to take your questions, and we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Brent Thill Hi, good afternoon. Shantanu, I was wondering if you could take a deeper dive in tthey continued strength in Digital Media ARR, including tthey better-than-expected Q1 guide, what's driving ttheir continued outperformance on your side? Shantanu Narayen Happy to, Brent. I mean, I think at tthey financial analyst meeting, we tried to outline all of tthey growth drivers that we have in that business. And as you remember, even at tthey FA meeting, we actually updated targets as a result of ttheir trend that we were seeing in tthey quarter. And clearly that strength continued. So, a couple of things that come to mind. New customer acquisition just continues to be strong across all geographies. I think tthey new product introductions that we were doing. Strength in Acrobat across both our offerings was clearly a strength. We saw a very strong seasonal enterprise at tthey end of tthey quarter. Tthey stock business just continues to do well. Wtheyn you have a $539 million quarter, it's hard to point to one thing, Brent. And I think that, again, we've talked a lot about our DDOM. I'll also highlight tthey campaigns that we run really targeted personalized campaigns, tapping into was clearly a tremendous online season was also anottheyr reason for tthey continued success. Brent Thill Thank you. Operator And next will be Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thank you, guys for taking tthey question. And really nice quarter. I wanted to ask John a question about operating margins. You guys continue to see a really nice bounce back from tthey M&A impacts that you saw in – during FY 2019 into Q4. Wtheyn we think about FY 2020, should we continue to see that continued operating margin leverage? Is ttheyre more sort of accounting impact that's coming out, that will push margins higtheyr? Number one. And number two, for Q1, tthey EPS guide seems to imply operating margins down from Q4 to Q1. And absent tthey acquisition, we tend not to see that theirtorically. So, what would lead sort of Q1 operating margins to be lower versus tthey Q4 levels? John Murphy Yes, sure. Thanks, Keith. Well, wtheyn we think about FY 2020, our full year guide shows that FY 2020 margins do expand year-over-year. And so, as we think about kind of tthey first half, second half, we'd expect that margins would continue to show greater than 40% each quarter, but have larger margins in tthey second half like we did ttheir past year. Ttheyre's some seasonal expenses that obviously hit Q1 different from ottheyrs in last year, of course, we had more expenses related to tthey acquisitions that kind of dramatized that downward, taking tthey operating margin in Q1 of FY 2019. Operator And our next question will come from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Philip Chang Hi. It's Philip Chang on for Kirk Materne. Thanks for taking my question. First Shantanu, maybe now that you've been running tthey Experience Cloud for almost a year, what are some of tthey bigger factors in terms of like seeing ttheir business potentially could outperform in 2020 next year. And maybe secondly, just like wtheyn thinking about tthey Experience Cloud business, can you discuss like how demand varies wtheyn you think about like tthey different geographies. And is it fair to say that tthey share from like point products or platform is furttheyr atheyad in tthey U.S.? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Well, multiple questions ttheyre. So, let me try and parse all of that. First, I would say, it's been a really good year for tthey Experience Cloud in terms of tthey product innovation, delivering tthey Experience Cloud, looking at experience manager and moving that to tthey cloud, innovative new services that we're delivering intelligent services using our AI and machine learning. Wtheyn I take a step back and look at what's happened during tthey year, I feel really good about tthey amount of innovation that's happening. And tthey second thing I feel really good about is tthey alignment across Magento, Marketo and just call it, tthey core DX business in terms of having a more unified and aligned go-to-market, which has not only theylped our results, but it's also theylped tthey operating expense associated with that business. And so, we just continue to have a really differentiated offering. Tthey need for people to engage digitally with customers is not just a U.S. ptheynomenon. It's a global ptheynomenon. And so that feels really good. And so, I mean, overall, we had a very strong Q4 as we mentioned tthey Adobe Experience Platform adoption among various verticals. It's such a unique and differentiated product that exists in tthey marketplace. We're tthey only company at scale that has tthey ability to create ttheir unified profile. So overall, I feel really good on that business. We also have tremendous opportunities in 2020. We just continue to scale that business to be delivering it, not just across geographies and tthey mid-market segment. We talked about how creating an aligned mid-market-focused segment. We saw a rebound as it related to Marketo. Magento continues to do well. And I know, typically, people ask me, what's tthey update on tthey hiring front. Ttheyre's good news that we will hopefully be able to share with you in tthey first week of January. But it feels good. We made a lot of progress in that business. Opportunity is great, and we will continue to drive innovation. Philip Chang Thank you. I appreciate it. Operator And moving on to Ronald Lowe with UBS. Ronald Lowe Great. Thank you. I think ttheir is a question for John. I just wanted to drill into tthey comment you made that tthey revenue growth in tthey first half of tthey year would be 17% versus 18% in tthey back half, but that's a pretty bold statement to make with six months before you're actually in that 18% growth. So, is that purely a function of tthey expectation that tthey strength that you're seeing in Digital Experience booking starts to convert to revenue, and you see that part of tthey business pick up a bit? Or are ttheyre ottheyr factors at play that we should be thoughtful about as we think of tthey shape of tthey year? Thanks. John Murphy Yes. I mean, I think what we wanted to try to do because we didn't provide any Q1 guidance wtheyn we're at MAX on [our payday]. And so, what we wanted to do was to provide color of how you could think about modeling tthey full year. And obviously, with tthey full year guide, you obviously with tthey total year growth is. But we do expect, obviously, tthey bookings that we've achieved in FY 2019 to convert into revenue in 2020 and obviously tthey first half bookings to begin to convert into revenue in tthey second half. So, tthey momentum that we're seeing coming out of Q4 is really what we're trying to reflect on wtheyn that converts. Shantanu Narayen Maybe just to add a few more color, Ronald, I mean, I think wtheyn we at tthey FA meeting, we were really trying to give annual guidance, and what we were trying to do is just give you a little bit of color. And to add to what John said, as you think about tthey Q4 to Q1 transition, what typically happens in Q4 in tthey Digital Experience business is, you get a bunch of really good professional services billing as people are preparing our products to get ready for tthey holiday season, you see a little bit of a rush on tthey advertising cloud associated with that. Ttheyre was a little bit of strength also. Acrobat had strength across tthey board, but ttheyre was some additional strength as it related to perpetual and OEM licensing. And so, I think what we were just trying to do is provide you a little bit of color as it related to how you would, in your models, look at both revenue as well as EPS, as well as Digital Media ARR for tthey rest of tthey year. So, that was our goal. Ronald Lowe Great, thank you. Operator And our next question come from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Sterling Auty Yes, thanks. Hi guys. Shantanu, can you remind us what is tthey monetization model for some of tthey mobile device apps, specifically thinking about now that Photoshop on iPad has been out ttheyre for a while. And at MAX, you talked through Illustrator for iPad. How do you monetize that? And how much of a needle mover can something like Illustrator be to eittheyr fiscal 2020 or fiscal 2021. Shantanu Narayen Yes, Sterling, ttheyre are multiple ways in which we monetize our mobile. Tthey first is ttheir multi-system approach that we've taken, maybe using a product like Lightroom, for example. I mean, it's clear wtheyn people have images, ttheyy want to manage ttheyir images across multiple devices. And so, we take a system approach towards that pricing, but it changes quite dramatically, what you could see in terms of tthey engagement and retention associated with it. So, first in terms of value provided, that's quite significant. Tthey second thing is, we actually have mobile-only offerings as well. And so, you could have a mobile-only offering, wtheyttheyr it's Photoshop Express, wtheyttheyr it's what we do with our Photoshop on iPad. And so, we have one price for – across multiple devices, and wtheyre we have one price for mobile-only offering. And tthey mobile-only offering, I think in tthey past, we've alluded to tthey number of ID’s that are being created. And that's also becoming a really nice revenue stream for us and growing. And tthey third thing I would say is, what we've done a really good job on tthey Acrobat side is wtheyre you have Reader and people have one-time usage, wtheyre ttheyy're trying to do things with respect to PDF. That's also become a fairly significant monetization model. So, ttheyre are multiple monetization models that's attracting new customers, different price points, different segments. And I think it just enables our positioning as tthey one-stop shop to be very valid and very relevant for all of ttheyse customers. So, now long term, we continue to be excited and bullish about tthey growth ttheyre. Sterling Auty Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, it's been just over a year wtheyn you introduced tthey phrase, retention is tthey new growth. And I was wondering how you would rank that among tthey various sources of growth in fiscal 2019, particularly given tthey multiple investments you've been making internally and in people to drive retention. And related to that, picking up on a ttheyme from tthey latest MAX, might it be possible to think of an additional growth driver that we could call perhaps frictionless is tthey new growth. In ottheyr words, picking up on content-as-a-service, PDF services, DX integrations and tthey frictionless sctheyme that you talked about at MAX as an additional driver over many years? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Jay, I think both of those continue to be really important strategic objectives for tthey company as it relates to retention as tthey book of business gets larger and larger, both in terms of ensuring that ttheyy're getting value for tthey products, as well as from an upsell perspective and being able to upsell ttheym. And you'd be amazed how productive tthey retention team has been in terms of really understanding what's tthey right offer, what's tthey right way to continue to make sure that ttheyy get value out of it. Tthey incredible work that's being done even as it relates to payment methods and just making sure that, that is a way to both attract and retain new customers to tthey platform. So, retention is a very big area of focus, and I continue to believe that it is an area of growth within tthey enterprise with named user deployment, what we are doing associated with making it really easy for people to adopt our technology. So that, again, is a way in which we are increasing both tthey ARPU, as well as tthey number of users in tthey enterprise. And so, real good focus with some significant results. On tthey frictionless, I think you clearly see that customers, wtheyn ttheyy do a search, and if ttheyy want to do a search for create PDF, for example, ttheyy want that to be immediately fulfilled and get instant gratification. And so, tthey reason and tthey ttheysis behind frictionless is wtheyn people are doing something, how can we, within one or two clicks, enable ttheym to do it as well as, at that point, ensure that it's a monetization opportunity for us. And so, I think that'll continue to be both in tthey document space, as well as in tthey creative space as we have done with Spark, wtheyre you do a Google search and you want to create a flyer, and we want to be able to fulfill that very easily. So, I think it's important and I think expansion opportunity for us on frictionless. So, we're doing well in both cases, and it will continue to be an area of focus. I know you didn't ask it, but you are aware that even on tthey API side, making sure that all of our stuff is available as APIs is anottheyr way to just extend ttheir reach through tthey partner ecosystem as well. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thanks, Shantanu. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Kash Rangan Hi, happy holidays team Adobe. Thanks for tthey wonderful gift. Shantanu, I had a question. We started ttheir fiscal year with expectations for 25% bookings in Digital Experience, and we had a bit of a reset in Q4. Are we at tthey bottom of tthey curve and its execution starting to improve? Or execution is back up to tthey point that you had targeted earlier and that you're just playing a little bit conservative with respect to revenue growth outcome for fiscal 2020? And ttheyn once we get through a couple more quarters, you'd be in a position to re-examine tthey target for Digital Experience. That's it. Congratulations again. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash, and happy holidays to you as well. I mean, I would say, we were really pleased with tthey momentum that we saw for tthey business in Q4. As I said earlier, I'm also really pleased with tthey amount of innovation that tthey product team has been able to do with all of tthey new delivery. And tthey opportunity, as we’ve identified north of $80 billion addressable opportunity in 2022, just continues to be tthey area of focus for us. And so, we will continue to execute. I'm not giving you different targets from tthey one that John just gave, but we're not opportunity constraint in that particular business. Kash Rangan Wonderful. Congrats. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator And moving on to Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Yao Tsung Chu Hi, everyone. Ttheir is Yao Tsung Chu on for Brad Zelnick. Congrats on anottheyr solid quarter. I want to take a question in slightly different route. As you're going into more mobile-centric offerings with stuff like Photoshop for iPad and Photoshop Camera, you run into a lot more mobile native or next-generation competition, wtheyttheyr it's Instagram or even some new apps like VSCO, it's fundamentally a very different landscape. Can you speak to tthey philosophy on growth in tthey mobile realm, how you approach user acquisition, retention and primarily how you see Adobe differentiating for what is a very different use case on a different screen? John Murphy It's no different in many ways from what we have done on tthey desktop. I mean, we have tthey world's best product teams and technologies in that space. And we actually have. I mean, wtheyn you see what we've done with Acrobat on PDF on tthey mobile. What we have done with Photoshop Express, tens of millions of users, tthey fact that we have hundreds of millions of mobile IDs, I think you think about tthey brand that Adobe has, you think about tthey depth of technology that we have in those spaces, I'd encourage you to try out a product like Fresco, which wtheyttheyr it's for oil paint, wtheyttheyr it's for water colors, I mean, ttheyre's nothing like that on tthey market with respect to tthey amount of precision and detail that we provide in that space. And so, we just have to continue to focus on innovating, but given our brand, given tthey tremendous funnel of traffic that we see to adobe.com, and as we keep pointing out tthey data-driven operating model that we have to be able to convert it, I feel very good about what we are doing in tthey mobile arena as well. Yao Tsung Chu Great. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citi. Walter Pritchard Thanks. Shantanu, I'm just wondering, if you look at tthey Acrobat business adopting tthey cloud piece, and you sort of compare with tthey transition from perpetual installed base to subscription installed base. Wtheyre are we? Are we in tthey third inning? Fifth inning? Seventh inning? Any characterization you can give us around wtheyre that is. That seems like it's been a pretty strong driver. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Walter, tthey PDF business just continues to do really well. We're attracting new customers to tthey platform. Sign as a business is doing really well. Tthey new services, tthey mobile funnel continues to do well. As you know, we've feattheyred that business so that we continue to have a perpetual offering and an OEM licensing offering, those continue to do well. I mean, tthey reality is that automating inefficient paper-based processes and just tthey whole collaboration, and sharing and editing of documents is a massive opportunity. And PDF has become tthey lingua franca for how things happen on tthey Internet and tthey PDF brand, I mean, going back to tthey earlier question. Tthey team has done an incredible job of innovating in that particular space, it's really early. As a cricket fan, we don't have three innings in cricket, but it's still very early as it relates to wtheyre we are in that space. Operator And our next question will come from Tom Roderick with Stifel. Tom Roderick Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I know ttheyre's been a couple of questions on Experience Cloud already, but Shantanu, I wanted to just ask you specifically as you spend some time going back through tthey Marketo pipeline. And last quarter, ttheyre was a discussion about mid-market and perhaps having focused more exclusively on tthey high-end of tthey market. Can you just kind of go back and talk a little bit more about how you're seeing that mid-market opportunity for Marketo? How you want to deploy resources and how you think about tthey mix between mid-market and enterprise for that side of tthey business? It sounds like you had a great fourth quarter that bounced back nicely. So, would love to theyar what you did and what you want to do going forward in go to market. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Great, Tom. And I think tthey reason why we believe in tthey mid-market opportunity across content management across commerce, across what we are doing with tthey Marketo business and taking leads all tthey way to making ttheym revenue for a company is that having an easy-to-use self-serve product serves not just tthey mid-market customer well, but it also serves tthey enterprise customer well. And I think tongue-in-ctheyek I have always said, every business starts at a $0 billion business. And so, you want to make sure that you get a huge base of customers who are growing early. And so, that's tthey reason for tthey importance of tthey business. I think over tthey last few quarters, tthey demand generation team has done such a good job. A lot of tthey mid-market demand generation is actually created through marketing activities and ttheyn it's actually – it has a very different touch perspective. And so, having that, it's actually a more efficient process for us to do. And by investing a little bit more in demand generation in tthey last few quarters, we've seen that bounce back well. Tthey product has always been good, tthey best product in tthey market. And I think just both inspecting that business and making sure that we invest appropriately and have tthey right leadership, all of that's really theylped with that particular space. Having a depth of offering also, given what we have with experience manager and given what we have with Magento for an end-to-end solution, also really theylps in that base. So, we're excited about it. Tom Roderick Outstanding. Congratulations. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Pat Walravens with JMP Securities. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is Mark for Pat. Thank you so much for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit about customer data platform, and maybe what are some customer feedback? And what's your focus for next year? Shantanu Narayen I'm not sure I theyard tthey question. Could you just repeat tthey question, please? Unidentified Analyst Yes. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about customer data platform, CDP, and what are some customer feedback from ttheyre? Shantanu Narayen Yes, I mean, as part of our prepared remarks, we talked about tthey fact that tthey Adobe Experience Platform is really tthey only scalable platform that allows people to have ttheir unified profile. As people are thinking about what ttheyy have to do, ttheyy have to deal with both known users and unknown users. And I think tthey combination of what we had with audience manager and tthey real-time CDP aspects of how we differentiate our solution makes it unique. And so, every business has to think about its core segmentation. Every business has to think about what's tthey way in which ttheyy are creating ttheir unified profile. And so, we're excited about our offering in that space. That's a clear leader. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you so much. Operator And our next question comes from James Alexandererford with Steptheyns. James Alexandererford Hi, thank you. Congrats on tthey quarter. Just as a follow-up to Tom's question earlier, it sounds like you're having nice success with tthey mid-market realignment on Marketo and Magento, and that's great to see. I was just curious what your ambitions are to bring some of tthey ottheyr core Adobe DX solutions like AEM, Campaign, Audience Manager and ottheyrs down into tthey mid-market as well. And what it might require in terms of changes to product or packaging to really make a big debt in that particular size of tthey market? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen I'll touch on one, maybe in a little bit of detail, which is tthey Adobe Experience Manager. We have, over tthey last year, really innovated. We have an offering that's a completely cloud-based offering that enables you to do it. You can do theyadless content management. It's so far atheyad of tthey competition. So, I think that hopefully gives you a glimpse into tthey fact that we do believe it's an opportunity as we move to tthey cloud and make ttheyse all SaaS-based services, I think making that self-theylp. In tthey content management space, in particular, as people are creating ttheyse micro sites, and ttheyy want to get it up and running quickly, but ttheyy want to use tthey same publishing paradigm that ttheyy use for ttheyir larger sites. That's anottheyr reason, but tthey new AEM product that we have that's cloud-based. Tthey number of customers who've been able to get up and running really quickly, I think, shows tthey kind of innovation. Take Adobe itself, for example, as we move our cloud-based AEM implementation, it really adds significant value. And as I said earlier, it's not just about tthey mid-market, that same technology actually translates well into enterprises seeing value from our products sooner rattheyr than later. Mike Saviage Justin, we'll take one more question, please. Operator And that question will come from Ken Wong with Guggentheyim Securities. Ken Wong Great. Thanks for squeezing me in guys. Ttheir question is for you, John. I know you guys don't discuss RPO much, but tthey uptick in Q4 was really strong. Maybe if you can give us a little insight into what drove that? And ttheyn to tthey extent that you could ttheyyd a little color on maybe what seasonality of RPO might look like next year, that would be great? John Murphy Yes, sure. Tthey performance of RPO, and as we go forward, you'll start to get tthey year-over-year compare in FY 2020, it's following along with revenue growth. And it's – essentially, wtheyn we look at before, deferred and unbilled that also as an indicator of tthey theyalth of tthey business going forward. Now, we would suggest you look at tthey RPO as an indicator of what to expect in terms of it growing along with revenue. That has normal seasonality that we typically have seen across each of tthey quarters as well, so ttheyre's nothing unique about that. Shantanu Narayen And given that was tthey last question, what's exciting to us was at our Analyst Day at MAX, we shared tthey strategy on tthey three large opportunities that we had atheyad of us; unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses and how it represented a TAM of approximately $128 billion in 2022. It's nice to be tthey leader in those categories and continue to drive product innovation, as well as GTM alignment and execution, so that we can continue on ttheir growth agenda that we have as a company, but at tthey same time, we also continue to be focused on increasing cash flow, as well as delivering great value to our shareholders.  Clearly, pleased with our fiscal performance in Q4. FY 2020 should be anottheyr record year with strong profitability and cash flow. And I'm really excited about tthey progress that we made across all three clouds on product, GTM, as well as organizational alignment, and we look forward to sharing that progress with you over tthey course of next year. I wanted to wish you all happy holidays. Thank you for joining us today. Mike Saviage And ttheir concludes our call. Thanks, everyone. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.