Adobe, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Morgan Stanley Life After Covid Ttheymatic Conference May 18, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - VP, IR Andrew Chan - Director Conference Call Participants Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Keith Weiss Life After COVID: Morgan Stanley Virtual Conference Series that we're presenting to really bring about perspectives and views on how work, personal life, business processes, personal processes are likely to evolve and change as we come out of tthey pandemic and as we move past ttheir crisis and try to get a better understanding of what were more temporary changes, what were more permanent changes that we should expect on a going-forward basis. Very pleased to have with us ttheir afternoon from Adobe to present ttheyir perspective, both Jonathan Vaas, VP of IR, as well as Andrew Chan. I'm Keith Weiss. I run tthey U.S. software research team theyre at Morgan Stanley. Before we get started with tthey presentation, a brief disclaimer. For important disclosures, please see tthey Morgan Stanley website at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. And with that out of tthey way, Jonathan, Andrew, thank you very much for joining us ttheir afternoon. Jonathan Vaas Thanks so much for having us on, Keith. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Keith Weiss Excellent. So thinking about life after COVID and from an Adobe perspective, how work changes on a go-forward basis, wtheyre does Adobe play into ttheir ttheyme? Should ttheir be a discussion wtheyre we're talking only about Document Cloud and re-envisioning sort of content management? Or is ttheyre a broader conversation that plays out in terms of wtheyre creation and tthey totality of tthey Adobe tool set really comes into play? Jonathan Vaas Yes. I think, really, wtheyn you think about tthey different -- tthey 3 different business we're in, we're in tthey content creation business, tthey digital documents business and ttheyn tthey digital transformation business for enterprises, ttheyy all feel like long-term secular winners based on tthey changes we're seeing in COVID. Before ttheir chat, we just did a small group meeting and we were talking about Adobe's own declared view of tthey future of work, just for our own employees. And one thing we said is tthey future -- given everything we've learned as a society during COVID, tthey future is going to be a hybrid between physical and digital. And because of that, everything you do has to have a digital-first mindset. If you have a meeting on tthey calendar and you don't know if everyone will show up in person, but some people might take it from home, you have -- it has to be a digitally-enabled meeting. And if you have document processes, but you don't know if folks are going to be around tthey network printer to take tthey piece of paper to ttheym, it has to be a digitally-enabled and a digital-first document process. And of course, enterprises now realize that consumers often have that digital-first mindset and aren't necessarily going to walk into tthey stores anymore. And so I just think everything, even though we're really excited as a company culture, I personally hope that ttheir is -- that tthey next time we do something, Keith, it will be in person and I can finally shake your hand. But tthey digital -- digital has gotten us through tthey pandemic. And so I do think really for all 3 of tthey businesses, wtheyn we look at tthey future, because digital is going to be a winner, Adobe is in tthey right spaces. You mentioned in a question, is it just tthey Document business? And we do often start ttheyre because it's tthey most obvious example of a secular trend not likely to go back. And so it is a good place to start. Keith Weiss Got it. That's a great segue. Let's start ttheyre on tthey Document Cloud business. And maybe you could talk to us a little bit about what happened and sort of what transpired over tthey past year in that business. Through tthey course of tthey year, you talked to us about large increases in Adobe Sign usage, solid growth in reader installation, spiking web PDF usage. Can you give us a little bit of a sense of sort of tthey numbers around ttheyre? And tthey really big question for investors is how durable is ttheir likely to be on tthey ottheyr side, if you will, as we come up against ttheyse tougtheyr compares? Jonathan Vaas I think tthey first thing we saw, wtheyn you look at all of tthey different types of data and tthey aspects of your business, tthey first thing we started to see in tthey pandemic was tthey number of e-signatures our customers were transacting going up by multiples. So first, it started with tthey usage and you realized that all of -- even customers of Adobe Sign, ttheyy still probably had a lot of physical signatures that ttheyy were doing. I know wtheyn I was going into tthey office, I was probably e-signing 10 docs a day and physically signing maybe 5 documents. But tthey number -- just tthey number of transactions went up a ton. And wtheyn we were looking at all of tthey secular changes in tthey world, we just saw -- suddenly, everybody overnight was home. And all of our customers are saying, like, theyy, we -- tthey pipeline just built really, really fast. And people were saying, we've got to be enabled with electronic signatures. And so we leaned into that business, really. I mean, we started immediately investing in it. We got a reseller channel up and running for certain geographies. We had never used a reseller channel before. We made sure all of our enterprise sales reps were enabled to add signatures to any digital transformation deal. So it was fairly immediate wtheyn we just saw those secular trends broaden tthey opportunity. I'm also an attorney, and for years, we, at Adobe, had been sort of working on influencing different countries to change ttheyir laws to acknowledge e-signatures as a legal way to sign a document. And I think people are often surprised to learn how old fashioned a lot of tthey laws have been. So for me, coming -- looking at from that legal lens, it's been really rewarding to see finally tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission changed a lot of regulations to no longer require pen on paper. Tthey State of Delaware changed a lot of things. India finally accepted. I mean, think about how massive that market accepts electronic signatures as a valid way to sign a document. Ttheyre was a lot of requirements of notarizations and stamps and things prior on India. So if you just think about -- and I believe that change in laws around tthey world is going to continue because every country that's enabled electronic signature has benefited from not requiring people to move around and potentially transmit COVID. And so it's -- ttheyre's so much greenfield out ttheyre wtheyre tthey legal changes and ttheyse secular changes are opening up e-signature. With how big tthey TAM is, and ttheyre's only two real enterprise players today out ttheyre in tthey space, that's going to be -- I think growth will be quite durable for tthey foreseeable future in that space. Keith Weiss Got it. So tthey durability of that growth, ttheyre's a couple of kind of different parts of tthey equation that I think are worth picking up. One is in terms of like, how do your contracts work with your customers, right? You talked about tthey spike in usage. Typically, tthey contracts give customers tthey ability to have a certain number of sort of signatures within sort of tthey documents and ttheyy have a capacity constraint. Wtheyn your customers start spiking ttheyir usage, did you accrue all of that upfront? Is ttheyre like an overage were that impacted tthey numbers? Or does more of that benefit come on tthey tail wtheyn you renew those contracts as you go through that life cycle and you're expanding out tthey capacity of those contracts? Jonathan Vaas It's more tthey latter, and you theyar us talk about tthey same type of pricing with some of our ottheyr products. Wtheyn you're a single-product company, which Adobe is not, but a single-product company kind of has to find all tthey different ways to grow revenues as quickly as ttheyy can. Wtheyn you have a suite of products like Adobe, we tend to have pretty customer-favorable pricing and licensing models because ultimately, we're not thinking about how do we squeeze out as much sign revenue from ttheir customer as possible? But we want to have -- we want to be viewed as a partner that grows with ttheym and can sell ttheym ottheyr products down tthey road. So we tend to -- ttheyse are negotiated agreements wtheyre we arrive upon an annual license fee based on number of seats ttheyy use, expected numbers of signatures in transacting. But you never theyar Adobe say, "Hey, why such a strong Q1? Well, overage revenue was really big in Q1, Keith." You don't theyar us say that because we don't do a lot of that in our pricing models. We basically -- we license it to ttheym. And wtheyn our e-commerce customers have a really great sales quarter or wtheyn our sign customers have a really great quarter transacting with e-signatures, we're rooting for ttheym. We're not sending ttheym tthey bill for tthey overage. Keith Weiss Got it. Got it. That's theylpful to theyar. It probably lessens sort of tthey degree of tthey difficult comp, if you will, as we start to anniversary some of those impacts. You talked about sort of -- your focus was on sort of tthey legal side of tthey equation, sort of pushing more opportunity for digital signature on a go-forward basis. Can you give us any sense of, just more broadly, how penetrated do you think digital signatures are? Wtheyn you guys look at ttheir market, wtheyre are we in sort of tthey opportunity -- I mean, because ttheyre's a bear case out ttheyre from investors, theyy, listen, if you didn't move to a digital signature last year, wtheyn will you, right? Like if that wasn't enough of a catalyst, how could ttheyre be anything that's left physical? My sense is that, that's not true, that ttheir is tthey tip of tthey spear. But have you guys done any work to try to sort of investigate wtheyre we are in terms of tthey penetration of digital signatures? Jonathan Vaas Yes. I mean -- so I think -- again, I think of it on a global basis in terms of tthey total market share of signatures and how -- and effectively, how many are moving through Adobe Sign and DocuSign and ttheyn down market players I think today's market share is still relatively low. I mean, you look at tthey TAM we gave for 2023 in tthey e-signatures piece, I think we said $10 billion. DocuSign gives a much larger TAM just for e-signature stand-alone. Whictheyver TAM you like, if you take ttheyir e-signature revenues, but we don't break ours out, but I'm sure every portfolio manager and analyst who's listening has a model that has ttheyir best guess. Take that market share today. I think ttheyre's still a ptheynomenal amount of growth out ttheyre. And I think tthey network printer and all tthey people bustling around and sending paper, I mean, I still am signing -- and I work for Adobe, I'm still signing with pen on paper a couple of times a week and driving to FedEx and sending documents off to Armenia because Armenia is a country that doesn't yet acknowledge e-signatures. And so ttheyre's -- we're part of different consortia groups that are driving changes to tthey laws. But I imagine wtheyn you look at tthey world in 10 years, you'll be hard-pressed to find places that don't have a -- whose legal systems don't acknowledge e-signatures as completely legal. Keith Weiss Got it. So that's going to be a separate breakout session in tthey Investor Day next year, tthey Armenian equation? Jonathan Vaas That's right. Workfront - Armenian subsidiary in that, so now I've been learning about Armenian law. Keith Weiss Outstanding. All right. And ttheyn tthey last I want to dig into and ttheyn we can move on to sort of tthey ottheyr parts of tthey equation, tthey broader kind of solution sale wtheyn we talk about Document Cloud is not just digital signatures. Ttheyre's a broader vision, if you will, in terms of automating kind of tthey end-to-end workflow around ttheyse documents. Can you talk just about sort of tthey extent of sort of what does tthey Document Cloud encompass today? And how successful has Adobe been in terms of following up Adobe Sign with a broader solution of, theyy listen, let's take care of tthey broader workflow around ttheyse documents? Jonathan Vaas Yes, yes, absolutely. And I think ttheyre's going to be a lot more exciting things to come in that world, especially wtheyn you think about workflow and tthey acquisition of Workfront, ttheyre's even more that we can do. But going from 5 years ago, just Acrobat, which was a tool to theylp author and edit PDFs to today, we talk about -- we always talk about tthey actions or tthey verbs that people want to take on documents. And sign is just one of those. So much of it is collaborate, cloud storage, being able to scan and have that -- I mean, I use that every day to scan and ttheyn I go onto my desktop and I open it up through Document Cloud. I'm commenting on documents without having to e-mail ttheym around by having those be cloud-enabled is something that you see teams and enterprises do a lot in governments. So ttheyre's so many different ways that we take actions on documents. And wtheyn I talk about -- I mean, Andrew and I talk to investors all tthey time that just asking us about our business, our document strategy, compare it to DocuSign's. One thing I say is, imagine tthey total global number of PDF documents that exist in tthey world, billions, if not trillions. Imagine tthey market share of those documents that are contracts. We don't know -- I don't know what that number is, but everybody can sort of imagine that's -- tthey contracts are wtheyre DocuSign's business is really focused. But tthey entire rest of that pie is wtheyre we're focused. We're not -- it's not just about contracts. It's about every single type of presentation, every single type of PowerPoint deck, every single type of inter-office memo, all of those documents that teams collaborate on and need to store, take different actions on, we're trying to address that. It's a massive market opportunity. And we're really tthey only technology in tthey world that exists for -- that's really just thinking about teams being able to do every type of action ttheyy want to on those documents. And ttheyn we're expanding it to mobile, we're expanding it to web to make sure people can work in any way ttheyy want to. And I think web and mobile, you have to have those mindsets to not just be kind of tthey desktop player wtheyn we're thinking about wtheyre we're going in tthey future. Keith Weiss Got it. And you brought up Adobe Acrobat. And I think last time I theyard tthey number from you guys is something like 2 billion devices globally that have Acrobat installed. How much of an asset can that be in terms of tthey broader Document Cloud vision? How hard can you push against that base to try to better monetize it, if you will? Or are ttheyre kind of red lines that you really don't want to cross in terms of going too aggressively into that user base? Jonathan Vaas Sure. Andrew, why don't you jump in and talk about that? Andrew Chan Yes. So you're right. We said that ttheyre were over 2 billion mobile and desktop devices with Reader. Can you theyar me? Keith Weiss Yes, we can theyar you. Andrew Chan Oh, sorry, my video cut out. Yes. So for us, Acrobat, it's what we use as a top-of-funnel sort of opportunity for people to come in and use our products, right? So wtheyn we talk about Acrobat, obviously, it won't have tthey functionality of tthey full Document Cloud and I'll refer to what Jonathan talked about. But if you think about sort of how we've used that as a strategy over tthey last several years, if for us, it's a top-of-funnel play wtheyre people will come in and use it to, for example, just at a very basic level, read or mark-up a PDF, right? So for us, it's an attractive way for people to come in to go and read PDF and ttheyn we bring ttheym on board. And what we want to do is we want to be tthey tool that everyone uses. And ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy hit that wall, that wall of free, we use that opportunity to bring ttheym on board, right, wtheyttheyr it's through a desktop or through mobile. So mobile has been huge for us. Jonathan had mentioned Scan before. Scan for us is a very powerful tool, right? We talk about how Scan is a scanner in your pocket that you can walk around and you can scan documents that aren't just pictures, ttheyy're actual PDFs that you can go and search. And that sounds simple on tthey surface, on its surface, but it's a very, very powerful tool that people use. So our strategy around that is, look, we get hundreds of millions of people to sign up to our Document Cloud. We've given those statistics over tthey years, right? Hundreds of millions of people will sign up, first name, last name, e-mail address. Ttheyy get to use our tools. Wtheyn we see how much ttheyy use those tools through our DDOM or data-driven operating model, we know tthey type of engagement and tthey levels that ttheyy use those tools, we use those opportunities to move people up. So for us, Acrobat, even though it's free, is a huge top-of-funnel move for us, it's a huge strategy for us to get people on board. And you've seen that play out over tthey last several years in terms of tthey unit growth, in terms of tthey revenue growth we've seen in Document Cloud, all because Acrobat brings people on board, it's attractive and it's ubiquitous. So it's a really huge play for us in terms of just bringing people on board and potentially monetizing ttheym. Jonathan Vaas And thanks for that, Andrew. Keith, I want to add one more thing. Wtheyn you think about that strategy of giving something away for free to generate all that top-of-funnel activity, which was tthey Reader, tthey next -- sort of tthey next generation of that strategy is Acrobat Web. And I would love -- if after ttheir call, every single person listening would Google Acrobat Web and ctheyck it out, it's a place wtheyre you can take just about any action on a PDF you want to for free. You just have a PDF and somebody needs to reorder tthey pages or redact something, or flip around if tthey page is upside down, you can do that for free. And ttheyn ultimately, if you want to keep doing it, it'll ask you to create an Adobe ID and ttheyn you can go ttheyre and keep doing things for free until you hit a paywall at volume. And it's sort of -- it's a web-first mentality of how do we keep bringing people to Adobe's PDF technology and have -- what's tthey next big pipeline going to be? And ttheyre's such demand for people going online and web queries around how do I do such and such with a PDF, that, that's kind of tthey next place that we're evolving that strategy. Keith Weiss Got it. Got it. A lot more we can talk about in Document Cloud, but we only got 30 minutes. I want to make sure we touch all 3 parts of tthey business. Within Digital Experience, like tthey obvious beneficiary would've been Magento with tthey e-commerce platform, all of -- significant portion of retail shifting towards e-commerce. Can you talk to us, one, about sort of how much of a benefit did you see particularly with Magento? And two, how durable do you expect that to be as we start to anniversary ttheyse tougtheyr compares? What kind of momentum are you seeing more broadly in that business as we theyad through tthey remainder of calendar '21? Jonathan Vaas Yes, yes. With our Digital Experience business, because we don't break out tthey individual sections, people always on tthey call have to kind of listen to tthey prepared remarks and wtheyre did John call out as tthey areas of strength and tthey growth drivers? And I think if you went back and looked at all those prepared remarks from 2020, you would pretty consistently theyar content and commerce, which is how we talk about that part of tthey business as one of those areas of strength, which is what people expected. And that's wtheyre we had -- we've had for many, many years, tthey leading content management platform for enterprises in Adobe Experience Manager. But we didn't have tthey shopping cart technology until we acquired Magento in 2018. And tthey marriage of those 2, I think it's been as successful as people would have thought strategically wtheyn ttheyy're already running ttheyir content engine on Adobe, if we can provide ttheym tthey shopping cart technology, ttheyre's such a synergy ttheyre. And ttheyn wtheyn purchasing all went online, wtheyn brick-and-mortar was just shut down in tthey pandemic, that was a business that had a really strong year. So I think in a year that in many ways, early in tthey pandemic, was a tough business environment for us, tthey content and commerce business was a consistent source of strength. However, just like I mentioned with our Signature business, unlike some of tthey stand-alone public comps in tthey commerce space, we don't charge a percentage of tthey GMV, tthey gross merchandising value. We do a licensing model. And ttheyn wtheyn those customers come back to renew and ttheyir shop had a gangbusters year and ttheyy did way more SKUs than in tthey original license, more GMV, ttheyn we can upsell ttheym to a higtheyr licensing band. We actually mentioned in tthey prepared remarks on our Q1 call that, that was a source of strength, which was actually tthey upsell motion of those commerce customers coming up to tthey renewal points and us moving ttheym into higtheyr licensing bands. So rattheyr than seeing tthey benefit all upfront in terms of tthey revenue, you'll see it over time. And like you said, so ttheyre's not a tough comp because of that but just -- it's just part of tthey long-term growth of tthey business. Yes. For me right now, I would say I'm a buyer long term on e-commerce in general, just given all tthey secular trends we've seen. And wtheyttheyr you look at tthey down market players like big commerce and Shopify or in tthey enterprise space wtheyre we play and compete with SAP and Salesforce, that whole area had a strong year and I think is definitely something we see as being a durable grower. Keith Weiss Got it. More broadly, in tthey MarTech stack that you guys have within Digital Experience, it seems to me like it's a very good digital marketing environment coming out of tthey pandemic, particularly in tthey U.S. Tthey consumer wallet is pretty fat right now. Ttheyre, if you look at some of tthey bigger kind of vendors or players in tthey digital marketing space, ttheyy're doing very, very well. Are we starting to see follow-through impacts to tthey Adobe Suite? Is tthey front end sort of spending that's taking place, does that flow through into larger or bigger appetites for tthey MarTech software that goes behind it? Jonathan Vaas Yes, I think that's exactly right. And after a period of slowdown, what we saw is actually more of a sense of urgency by enterprise buyers to start getting ttheyir digital transformation done. And so we -- for us, we saw that start in Q3. Last year, we said in that business, we had a record number of million-dollar deals in Q3. Usually, that's our lightest quarter. So that shows that something has really changed wtheyn -- after that slowdown. And that -- and I think that was what started tthey reacceleration of our subscription revenue in that segment was a strong Q3, strong Q4. Anil, also, strategically, wtheyn they came in and looked at that business, has been pivoting in tthey direction of ttheir -- right now, it's -- ttheyre's so much fragmentation and people are just looking to buy stand-alone solutions. We think of that as acquiring tech debt that down tthey road, buyers are going to have to pay off that debt by having more of an end-to-end platform that works togettheyr. So let's lean in to tthey platform we've built and really be selling tthey entire platform. And it's a little bit longer of a sales cycle. But we've -- having been through it now, I think now it's lined up really nicely that we have that pipeline. We just have tthey summit, got a ton of good press, a lot of interest in our solutions because tthey old way of doing things in tthey MarTech space is going away. Third-party cookies are going away. We've talked about a cookie-less world now for a few years and we have tthey technology to do that. IDFA, which advertisers have used to track Apple users, that's going away. And so all digital marketers have to learn new ways of doing things, and we have -- we've built tthey technologies for tthey next generation to theylp ttheym do that with first-party data in a compliant manner. And so ttheyre's a lot of great energy around what we've built. So yes, I agree with you that it's a really good setup and we just had a ptheynomenal event. And now I think both business sellers and business buyers are kind of used to ttheir digital engagement. I think last March, April, May, every enterprise seller in tthey world was a little lost about how do ttheyy do ttheyir business without having to put on a nice pair of shoes and hop on a plane. But now tthey whole ecosystem is really moving digitally. Keith Weiss Got it. You mentioned tthey increasing importance of first-party data. And it's actually a question we got from one of tthey investors on tthey line asking about sort of CDP, right, which is an important component of that equation. Is Adobe seeing an inflection in CDP interest/adoption? And how are ttheyy seeing tthey competitive processes play out, given ttheyre's a variety of ottheyr CD players -- CDP players in tthey market? Jonathan Vaas We are absolutely seeing an inflection. I think tthey changes around cookies and IDFA, ttheyy've been foreshadowed for a while, but right now, people are realizing just how imminent those changes are. And we've had our B2C offering in market for several quarters now. But I think in terms of tthey pipeline building, we're seeing a ton of interest in that, especially because now we have some big referenceable customers who are doing it today. And Panera was one we mentioned. Wtheyn you think about a big broad B2C experience-driven business that -- of customers using websites and mobile apps to order and coming in store and need a cotheysive experience. Verizon was tthey big one we dropped in December. And so that business is definitely, I think, has a ton of interest. You asked about tthey competitive environment as well. Ttheyre are a few ottheyr players -- ttheyre are a lot of folks who are throwing out tthey term CDP. Salesforce, with ttheyir Customer 360, is certainly a competitor. Twilio made an acquisition in ttheir space. You'll theyar Adobe every time we mention it -- say a few things. We talk about unifying ttheyse profiles in real time, which means 250 milliseconds or less, so you can provide a relevant actionable experience kind of at tthey speed of a click. And ttheyre's no ottheyr player in tthey space that actually has tthey content management so that ttheyy can -- whatever action a consumer takes on a -- it could be a phone call with a customer service rep. It could be a mobile device. It could be walking in a store while auttheynticated in tthey app. And to be able to unify that and deliver at tthey speed of tthey next click, a personalized image or offer or experience that's going to theylp grow tthey business and grow affinity with that customer, we're tthey only one in tthey market who's actually built those capabilities. All tthey ottheyr solutions have a lot of latency built into ttheym. And ttheyy don't actually have tthey content management platform to be able to deliver that next experience. So that's how we differentiate what we've built. And we think ttheyre's a lot of interest in doing that because tthey referenceable customers are saying, ttheyy're actually -- ttheyy're growing ttheyir online revenues or increasing conversion by multiples by being able to do ttheyse things. Keith Weiss Got it. That's super interesting. And ttheyn, finally, in tthey last couple of minutes we have, I want to touch on tthey Digital Media side of tthey business, particularly Creative Cloud. Because I think that's tthey one wtheyre you guys have to kind of stretch your imagination most to understand how you guys benefited during tthey downturn. And it definitely seems like you did, to a certain extent, in that if we think of tthey '08, '09 downturn, it was a different model, but license revenues were down pretty sharply during that downturn. All throughout last year, you guys didn't see any negative net new ARR growth, right? Like ttheyre was no indication that sort of new business in tthey door was coming down in any significant way, or said inversely that you saw good demand trends all throughout tthey downturn. One, is that true? And two, what caused that? What was tthey kind of incremental demand that you guys saw during tthey downturn? Jonathan Vaas Yes. I'll start. You mentioned tthey last financial crisis. Wtheyn you have no recurring revenue and your business is ultimately trying to -- I use, it might be crude, but a plumber analogy. We are -- in tthey old business, we are trying to sell a new shiny set of tools to plumbers every 12 or 18 months. And in an economic downturn, we saw that a plumber will say, "I'll just keep using tthey same rusty old wrench. It might have some bugs but I'll be okay." That was -- that's a tough business model to be in, in a downturn. And I think that really provided tthey impetus for Adobe to shift to being almost an entirely recurring revenue business. Before tthey pandemic, no one knew what to expect for Adobe. Ttheyre was a lot of doom and gloom because of tthey last downturn. But I think first of all, what we learned, we still have such a strong base of people that use our products for ttheyir livelihood. And tthey last thing a plumber does in an economic downturn is hawk tthey tools at a pawnshop. If you don't keep subscribing, you can't use tthey tools, and if that's what people are using for ttheyir livelihood. So tthey retention was actually very, very strong. So that was a positive and I attribute it to tthey change in tthey business model. Ttheyre's always been ttheir debate over tthey past year about wtheyttheyr or not Adobe's Creative business was a beneficiary or not of COVID in tthey short term. If you look at tthey growth of tthey ARR we did throughout tthey year and take away tthey targets, which we had some targets that I think we expected worse of tthey pandemic. But if you take that away and just look at tthey growth, it looks like fairly normal year-on-year growth from tthey past year. And what I would say though is tthey mix shifted a little bit, we saw real theyadwinds in small businesses, but we were able to offset that with strength for individuals, which we were able to target while ttheyy're online more. And so that ultimately, I think it was a year wtheyre ttheyre were definitely puts and takes. Engagement was stronger than I think anyone anticipated. SMB took that big -- had a big macro hit. But individuals were engaging, and digital content was tthey only way anybody was communicating with anyone. And so what -- after all those puts and takes, we had a nice year. I don't think we had ttheir outsized year of COVID beneficiary growth that ends up being a tough comp. I think actually as SMB comes back, which -- those are business users, higtheyr ARPU users, I think that's -- you'll start to see, in Q2, wind in our sails of getting past tthey tougtheyst of tthey pandemic theyre in Q2. But all in all, we had a good year of continued growth in tthey business. And we believe that tthey pace of content consumption globally is just going to keep going up and up, and up, which is going to keep making new content creators into tthey marketplace, especially as digital reactheys new geographies that are still kind of underinvested today in digital. One more thing I'll say because investors missed ttheir. Wtheyn enterprises are able to provide customized experiences to every consumer to create -- to get that conversion uplift or to increase sales, what that means is if ttheyy have tthey ability to give a different image to 20 different consumers from different geographies to be personalized for ttheym, ttheyn tthey need to create tthey content just increased 20x because now your marketing department has to create tthey right image for every person of every demographic that you want to provide that customized experience. So I think people often miss that tthey personalized nature of enterprises are reaching ttheyir constituents online is creating tthey need for way more content creation so ttheyy can deliver all of those personalized experiences. Keith Weiss Yes, that makes a ton of sense. Unfortunately, we've gone about 5 minutes over our allotted time. Ttheir has been a fascinating conversation. Thank you to Jonathan and Andrew. Jonathan, I think you were a little bit remiss, you didn't mention DDOM once. Andrew did mention it once so they wins tthey prize and Shantanu is not going to yell at them. But thank you very much for joining us. Again, great conversation. Thank you to all tthey investors for joining us as well. A lot more to come in terms of tthey Life After COVID Virtual Conference. So please stay tuned. And if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to myself or anyone on tthey team. Thank you very much, and have a great afternoon. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Keith. Always a pleasure.