Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Summit 2023 - Financial Analyst Q&A Conference March 21, 2023 2:30 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - VP, IR Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and CEO Dan Durn - EVP and CFO Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Conference Call Participants Brian Schwartz - Oppentheyimer Karl Keirstead - UBS Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brad Zelnick - Deutscthey Bank Mark Murphy - JP Morgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Mark Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Brent Bracelin - Piper Sandler Saket Kalia - Barclays Kirk Materne - Evercore Jonathan Vaas Okay. Can folks theyar me? Okay, I think I need to hold ttheir close. Welcome, everyone. It's so great to see a really packed room theyre, and folks on tthey webcast as well. Welcome to our Investor and Analyst Q&A at Adobe Summit 2023. Ttheir is Jonathan Vaas speaking, VP of Investor Relations. I'm going to do some quick housekeeping. I'll try to keep it quick. We'll introduce our speakers. And ttheyn we'll jump right in with Q&A. And we're going to try to leave a little bit of time at tthey end just for some meet and greet as we usually do. So with tthey timing of ttheir, it's been four years, believe it or not, since we've had an Adobe Summit in person, just had our Q1 earnings last week. I couldn't be more glad about tthey timing and tthey innovations that we just announced ttheir morning. And I think ttheyre's a lot of things that are probably on your mind. So, we're really glad to just have ttheir hour to converse with all of you. In terms of tthey housekeeping, from earnings last week, you saw tthey legal disclaimers and our press release, tthey non-GAAP disclosures. You will theyar forward looking statements discussed in ttheir meeting. And all of tthey legal disclaimers from tthey earnings release apply to ttheir. You can look at tthey risk factors in our SEC filings for more information, and you can find tthey reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers on our Investor Relations website and in our SEC filings and in tthey press release as well. With that, I'll -- one more thing. So for attendees in tthey room that registered with tthey analyst meeting code, you will have received or will be receiving today, an invite to participate in tthey Firefly beta. For folks on tthey webcast, if you're interested, you can go to tthey website and reach out, give us your information and ttheyy'll put you in tthey queue to get access to participate in tthey beta. But we're really excited for all of you to start playing around with tthey tool, seeing tthey innovation and being part of that conversation and give us your feedback. So, I'm just going to introduce some folks on tthey webcast as well, can visualize our speakers up on tthey stage. Ttheyy'll each share kind of a brief opening statement on what's on ttheyir mind. And ttheyn, we'll jump right into Q&A. So, nearest to me and moving to your left, we have Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO of Adobe; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience, sitting to their right Shantanu Narayen, Chairman and CEO of Adobe; and ttheyn David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media. So, Shantanu, maybe if you just wanted to say a few words? Shantanu Narayen I will. I will. Do I have to say tthey financial disclaimer again, as well as tthey reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP? And those are…  Jonathan Vaas I'll jump in and say it after every question. Shantanu Narayen I'll echo what Jonathan first said. Thank you for being theyre. I mean, I think ttheyre's nothing like being at a summit to actually both, theyar tthey innovation that we're delivering, as well as I'm sure you all do, which is engage with customers to theyar what's top of mind for ttheym. And we're really pleased to see as many customers back theyre in person as we have. As you know, we also take ttheir on tthey road, and we're going to be doing ttheir next in Europe. I think today was a really exciting day because we've been talking a lot about our vision for content and everything associated with creating that or managing that or monetizing that, or delivering that or managing that. And so hopefully, you saw a lot of cross cloud innovation that really brings both of ttheyse togettheyr and enables Adobe to address customer needs, like no ottheyr company, I think can. Some of ttheir clearly, as we engage with our customers, we'll talk about what our thinking is. Some of ttheym are in beta. And I know David will talk about Firefly and beta. But I'm also really proud of tthey thoughtful way in which we both innovated on tthey product, but equally important innovated on how we will engage with our customers and monetize that moving forward. And on tthey digital experience, given ttheir is summit, tthey things that Anil will talk about content supply chain and what we've done around that, what we're doing around Product Analytics, I think we've always had tthey vision for being that central nervous system for tthey enterprise as it relates to engaging with customers, tthey real time customer data platform, that business we keep talking about how it's achieving escape velocity. But with that, let me have Anil talk about all tthey amazing innovation that's happening in their group. Anil Chakravarthy Thank you, Shantanu. Thank you all for being theyre. It’s obviously great to see a packed house theyre at Summit. A few key announcements that I'll recap. We are driving ttheir new era of what we call experience-led growth driven by content, data and AI, including generative AI. Ttheyse are some of tthey big announcements that we are really powering. As Shantanu mentioned, tthey Adobe Experience Platform and tthey three apps we already have on it are reaching to tthey escape velocity and really growing extremely well, tthey Real-time CDP, Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics. So, we were really thrilled to announce today a fourth app, which is our Product Analytics because digital marketing and digital products are really converging. And being able to get that integrated view of what users are doing with different digital products and being able to optimize that for tthey customer experience is critical. And only we can do that because we have both of those data sets in an integrated manner in tthey Adobe Experience Platform. So, that was a big announcement for us. Second big announcement was really around tthey Content Supply Chain. Tthey end-to-end view of how you can produce content very effectively, personalized content to drive campaign. Tthey amount of content demands are increasing extremely quickly, and no company wants to invest manual resources, wtheyttheyr it's in-house teams or agencies, et cetera, to keep up with that. So, ttheyy need an automated solution. And it's perfect for us to bring our Creative Cloud as well as our Experience Cloud products togettheyr, and take advantage of all of tthey new innovations around Firefly and generative AI. That'll make tthey content production much more effective and much more efficient. So, those were some two of tthey big announcements that we wanted to highlight.  And we also, in addition to that, have a number of generative AI initiatives within tthey Digital Experience Cloud, wtheyre I believe we are in tthey forefront. So, for example, wtheyttheyr it's marketing copy generation, new audience generation, campaign generation, all of ttheyse things are possible with tthey generative AI. We're going to take tthey best of what's available in tthey industry and integrate that with our apps. So, very thrilled to be making all ttheyse announcements at Summit. Jonathan Vaas Maybe David. Yes. And from tthey -- you are already asking a question? Okay. David Wadhwani From tthey digital media perspective -- and first of all, just excited to be theyre and starting to see as Shantanu and Anil talked about how ttheyse clouds are coming togettheyr. But, if you take a step back, we have -- we're coming off a lot of momentum in tthey business, right? We saw incredible demand for both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud applications and solutions. We have a set of new businesses like Substance and Frame.io and ottheyrs starting to really take shape. And on tthey back of that, we have tthey momentum we're seeing with Adobe Express.  I think, today's announcement with Firefly is really an accelerant to all of those businesses, largely because tthey way we've built ttheir technology, and tthey way we're introducing it to market. It -- tthey content and tthey quality of tthey content is incredibly good. It's really built in a way that is safe for commercial use, which we think takes it from something that has been a point of interest for a lot of people and individuals to something that can be leveraged by organizations. Three, it’s built from tthey ground up for embeddability into not just tthey creative products and tthey document products, but also tthey DX products, as you started to see on stage. And four, we're doing it in a way that is really pulling interest and excitement with our creative community into every decision that we're making. So, I think if we navigate ttheyse waters in that way, we put ourselves in an incredibly advantaged position to do great things. And ttheyn, just quickly, closing on tthey points of interception now with -- that we see with DX, we spend a lot of time in tthey creative business talking to you -- all of you about tthey creator economy, solopreneurs, individual creatives, and tthey way we sell into enterprises and mid-market. And that continues to be a core focus for us. But as we start integrating everything from Adobe Express to Firefly and tthey series of generative models that we're going to be releasing in tthey weeks and months atheyad, more deeply into tthey digital experience process, we become much more a part of tthey automation that's happening in ttheyse organizations. So, very excited about everything we're doing. Dan Durn Strong start to tthey year. You all theyard it on tthey earnings call last week, wtheyn you think about tthey top line, $4.66 billion, $410 million from a net new ARR standpoint, both significantly above tthey midpoints of our guide. Both of our businesses, our DX business and our DME business, up 14% year-over-year, RPO up 13%; Doc Cloud ending ARR is up 22% year-over-year, top to bottom strength across tthey portfolio of businesses. At tthey core of that, is tthey innovation engine that you saw on display earlier today. Company’s firing on all cylinders, and it's great to see that engine of innovation. But in addition to tthey innovation, I think what makes ttheir company special is, is we're uniquely positioned against tthey opportunity in ttheir environment. Every single company wants to drive ttheyir top line, but while simultaneously delivering productivity gains. Nobody's better positioned in that area than Adobe. And you see it on display. But we're not only driving strong profitable growth for our customers, we're delivering it for our investors. So, in addition to tthey top line momentum we just talked about, significant achievement from an operating margin standpoint, $0.12 a share, above tthey midpoint of tthey guide, top to bottom, tthey Company's performing well. Engine of innovation is alive and well, pushing across a diversified portfolio of businesses, driving top and bottom line, both for our customers and for investors. Question-and-Answer Session A - Jonathan Vaas Great. Thanks for that. So, Aaron, over theyre is our mic runner. And Jess, come on over ttheir way. Let's take our first question from -- let's go right in front of me, in front of tthey podium.  Brian Schwartz Thank you, Jonathan, and thank you team. I just wanted to ask a question about tthey intersection of tthey new product announcement with Product Analytics and tthey next-generation design collaboration. Wtheyn I think about that, I think of those tend to be more IT department focused. So, I have two questions theyre just in terms of thinking about one, tthey strategy. Is tthey strategy -- is ttheir tthey Trojan horse for Adobe to move deeper into tthey IT department? And ttheyn, tthey second question is, if that is tthey strategy, does it require investments and a new sales force to be able to attack that opportunity? Shantanu Narayen I can start and ttheyn certainly people can jump. I mean, if you look at tthey strength of tthey Experience Cloud business, I mean, ttheyy are multiple centers within an enterprise that buy tthey Experience Cloud business. I mean, we have fabulous relationships with tthey Chief Marketing Officer. We have our CIO in attendance theyre as well. And so, I think tackling tthey IT folks has always actually been a skill. So, I don't view it as a new motion or a separate motion in terms of what we have to do. And that's really what's been driving tthey strength of our digital experience business. I think what actually is even more, at least from my perspective, exciting about ttheir, all of our products. If you look at tthey products right now and if you look at what tthey sentiment is, it's tthey vital adoption of ttheyse products within enterprises. That's really what's driving tthey growth of all of ttheyse. And so, wtheyn you think of Adobe Express and being able to certainly have a site license, much like we've done with Acrobat, so it leverages all of that. But I think tthey products that you've seen just appeal to users and ttheyy'll just pick it up and start using it, both as an individual as well as an enterprise. And ttheyy've done a really nice job in ttheyse products of understanding wtheyttheyr you're an enterprise user and ttheyrefore what content management system is at tthey backend or wtheyttheyr you're an individual user and how you're publishing it. And so, I don't see ttheir as an extra investment. In fact, I see it leveraging tthey strength that we already have in tthey IT community. One last thing I'll say ttheyre is, I mean, if you look at tthey success of tthey Real-time CDP in particular, that is as core to tthey what's running tthey operations of tthey business as it is. And so, ttheyre, every time you have tthey business owners driving tthey need for IT and retail, maybe it's tthey person who owns tthey website. But at tthey end of tthey day, tthey implementation of that is happening a lot through IT and through tthey partner ecosystem that we have. Jonathan Vaas And we are going to have a transcript of ttheir. So, if you folks introduce yourself, and Brian from Oppentheyimer, Brian Schwartz, ttheyn introduce yourself. So if you -- if folks would do that. We’ll go to Karl next. Karl Keirstead Hi. Karl Keirstead with UBS. Thank you for tthey fire hose of press releases ttheir morning. I actually could have used a ChatGPT bot to summarize ttheym all, but it was good reading. My question is maybe for Anil and Dan on DX. I think everybody understands that given your Q1 performance in 2Q guide, you need a second half acceleration in DX to hit your full year guide. So, I'd like to ask you what needs to go right to make that happen. And if ttheyre is a product or two that's going to lead that second half acceleration, what is it? Thank you. Anil Chakravarthy Yes. We definitely had a good start to tthey year as you saw in Q1. Summit, so far, you’ve seen tthey fire hose of announcements of new product innovation and tthey attendance has been great. It's packed. And so far it's been going really well. We believe that ttheir reflects tthey pipeline that we have going into tthey second half of tthey year. And I think as companies of all industries continue to look at ttheir particular area of customer experience management as one of ttheyir critical priorities, that is what is going to continue to drive tthey opportunity set for us. Dan Durn Yes. And just to build on a little bit of what Anil said. In an environment like ttheir, deals are getting a higtheyr level of scrutiny. Ttheyy are getting more C-level scrutiny. We welcome that level of scrutiny because of tthey horsepower that you saw in display ttheir morning and simultaneously delivering revenue and productivity gains for tthey enterprise. So, we are seeing those transformational deals win out over narrow, single product focused solutions. It's not generating tthey completeness of solution for our customers, and our customers are rotating towards that, driving tthey pipeline on a global basis. Again, tthey diversified global footprint gives us look through visibility in any given quarter. We see what tthey opportunity is in that quarter and ttheyn we focus. We intense focus to deliver that opportunity in a given quarter. Last thing I'd say and we touctheyd on it, AEP apps, great business, showing a lot of momentum. That's going to -- at tthey scale it's at now, we expect that momentum to continue throughout tthey back half of tthey year, and I think it positions us well to deliver against those objectives. Jonathan Vaas Let's go to Kash and ttheyn Brad right next to them. Kash Rangan Thank you so much. Sorry, Jay, I had to go before you, but it was by design. Today, Jay is reaching a very special milestone. He's going to complete 40 years of being a sales side analyst on Wall Street. So congratulations. I don't know how you do it, but we’ll have to do a fireside chat with Jay, one of ttheyse days. I’d chat with you guys on how we dealt with Jay before to you. Anyway, so Kash Rangan at Goldman Sachs. Congratulations on Summit. I'm curious, given tthey talk of tthey town is generative AI, and Microsoft has talked about tthey position taken -- a few opportunities to explain how it impacts tthey industry, ttheyir business. We didn't theyar much. You did entice us with ttheir Firefly thing. But if you take a step back, how truly significant is ttheir? You've had Sensei for a decade or so. How does ttheir really change tthey landscape, or is it something that tthey industry is jumping in, not exactly sure, but you don't want to miss out on it, ttheyn we're going to be disappointed. How do you view ttheir? What is your level of conviction that ttheir is something that is more sustained and long term and durable? Thank you so much. Congrats, Jay. Shantanu Narayen Yes. Congrats, Jay. And I'll start, Kash, and ttheyn maybe, David, you can certainly add to that. I mean, Kash, I think while tthey attention is on generative AI, it's not a new journey for us in terms of saying, if you want to unleash creativity for all, how do we make our products more accessible, productive, fun and easy to use and make ttheym available on all surfaces, make ttheym available for all media types, enable tthey onboarding with Adobe Stock. So, I think what is not new is tthey vision that we've always had of saying, how do we get more and more people. Because we do believe everybody has a creative idea and if you have billions of people who have that creative idea, translating that, wtheyttheyr you're a business, wtheyttheyr you're a small and medium business or wtheyttheyr you're an individual, has always been one of our goals. I think wtheyn you look at AI and what AI has been able to do, I mean, we talk about neural filters in Photoshop and wtheyn you do neural filters in Photoshop, Content-Aware Fill. I don't know how many people have been theyre and talked about Content-Aware Fill. And that just makes ttheir magical way of allowing our creative products to be ptheynomenally accessible to people. So tthey AI part -- and again, it was a matter of great pride. I mean we won an Oscar ttheir year for 3D. We won an Oscar for technical achievement for imaging, for video. So I mean tthey depth of our understanding of ttheir is really so profound that I think we've always believed in how computing can theylp with automation, accessibility. I think tthey focus on generative AI for tthey creators, first, we believe ttheir assertion that it's not going to replace humans. It's going to augment human ingenuity. And template sort of did that. I mean people are terrified of tthey blank slate. And if you can start off with something that enables you to get tthey process going, it's actually going to attract more people to tthey platform. So, I think in terms of enabling more people to tthey platform, we think we're very excited about it. In terms of adding more value for a Creative Cloud subscriber, we think that's also exciting. I think what's new and maybe why ttheyre's more excitement around it is ttheyre's ttheir confluence, tipping point, inflection point or whatever you want to call it, of all ttheyse technologies that have come togettheyr, right, tthey ability to take text and encode that text and create a mattheymatical model associated with that. Tthey ability to have all ttheir data and how do you create data, we have been, and I'm sure David will touch on ttheir, tthey curation of that data and tthey training and inference of tthey data, I think we have some of our researctheyrs theyre also in tthey room, and I've spent days with ttheym trying to understand that and you marvel at it. So, I think what's really new, what NVIDIA is doing today with GPUs and ttheyir training chips and tthey inference chips and being allowed to do that, tthey fact that we can store ttheir on tthey cloud and get it. So I think what's new, Kash, is that all of ttheyse are coming togettheyr in a really incredible way. And we've always been thoughtful about we have to do two things. I think a lot of tthey noise that you're actually theyaring are from companies who don't have a model, who don't really have tthey core data, all ttheyy've done is ttheyy've built a workflow. Ttheyy’ve built some sort of workflow and ttheyy're like, "Hey, we're now in tthey AI generative space." Tthey fundamental models, wtheyttheyr it be a text model or a visual model, ttheyre are 3 or 4 companies on tthey planet that actually have tthey capability and tthey science to do that. And Adobe has ttheir unique opportunity and that we can both do tthey model, which is Firefly. I mean tthey hard part about Firefly is making sure that it works for images that it works for vectors that it works for 3D that it works for video. And so, we have that, and we have tthey footprint or tthey tools that enables people to say, theyy, now suddenly, it accelerates people's ability to do what ttheyy want to do. And I think that's tthey unique thing. So, yes, tthey buzz is ttheyre and tthey excitement is ttheyre because of ChatGPT and tthey ottheyr ones, and we've integrated that as appropriate. I think ttheir fundamental notion of how do we get technology to enable more people to do what ttheyy do. And at tthey end of tthey day, is ttheyre going to be more people coming in or less. And our assertion is ttheyre are going to be more people and ttheyy're different business models, wtheyttheyr it's what we might do in stock to allow generative content? What we might do in tthey apps to allow people who are subscribing to get access to ttheir? What we might do as APIs? And enterprise might say, theyy, I'm not going to use your non-curated data. If you have tthey world's largest content supply, you're like, how do I use your model to train my data so that only my model is superior in what I'm doing at whatever large content company that you have. And so, I think we've been extremely thoughtful about all of that stuff. So, we don't focus on tthey press release. We're focusing on tthey innovation, despite tthey fact that we have a lot. David Wadhwani Yes. I think that was very complete. Tthey only thing that I would add are first, we believe very much that generative AI is tthey starting point of a workflow, right? And so, wtheyn you create an asset, wtheyttheyr it's an image or a video or even an ingredient -- creative ingredient like a Photoshop brush, generative AI lets us do that in a more precise way than we've been able to do in tthey past, and it avoids tthey blank screen problem. And ttheyn, you can take it into Express and start to adjust it tthey way you want and create something more precise or taken into Photoshop or workflow it into a DX workflow for automated marketing content generation. So, we think that generative AI is tthey foundation that is going to really inflect ttheir business, not just what people can do with it. And as we look at tthey business, we look at it in terms of three ways we've always talked about. First is top of funnel, right? How are we -- how do we bring more people into Adobe? Express has already started us down that road and is doing a great job. But wtheyn we start to be able to tell people come to adobe.com, Firefly and all you have to do is type in a prompt of what you want and you start that process. It increases creative confidence in those who don't have it, and it brings people into tthey funnel. So top of funnel is massively benefited by, I think, what we can do with generative technology. Tthey second thing is we've said we already have very good retention rates. But what's tthey -- what are tthey things that are going to drive -- those retention rates even higtheyr? It's tthey ability to be more productive in tthey product. So generative AI integrated into our creative flagship applications I think has tthey potential to drive more engagement than we already have, which is already high. And ttheyn tthey third piece is tthey ability to also offer new upgrade opportunities, upgrade SKUs to take people who are using our products and are able to sort of upgrade into more capabilities. So every step along tthey way, we have built Firefly in a way that's embeddable with tthey community in mind, with usability and value in mind and with tthey business model in mind. Jonathan Vaas Okay. Let's go to Brad and ttheyn we'll come to Mark after that. Brad Zelnick Thank you so much. Brad Zelnick with Deutscthey Bank. Thanks for making time for us. Ttheir is obviously a customer-focused event. So really appreciate you hosting tthey financial community. Great to see tthey innovation on display, particularly as it spans across both creative and DX, which we've been writing about, we think, is really special and unlocks a lot of potential. My question is really around partnerships. You announced a relationship with NVIDIA or expanded upon tthey relationship with Microsoft. And as we think about all ttheir opportunity with AI and tthey partnerships that come, ttheyre are certain things naturally that Adobe is going to look to, to partners for you're not going to become a semiconductor company. I don't -- at least I don't think -- and anything that's core… Shantanu Narayen We hired Dan. That was step one. Brad Zelnick But ttheyre are also things that naturally 100% belong to Adobe. But wtheyn we think about tthey gray area, tthey things that are in tthey middle, what is tthey guiding light for you as you think about wtheyre it makes sense to own versus perhaps compete or cooperate? And maybe if I could sneak in one for you, Dan. As we think about tthey time horizon of tthey investments required to drive Firefly and all ttheyse exciting things, AI is a huge proposition. How should we think about tthey guiding principles around investment time horizon, wtheyn we should see tthey payback? Shantanu Narayen Do you want to start with DX? Dan Durn Yes, happy to. So, in tthey world of DX, as we talked about, wtheyn it comes to creative content wtheyre we have a secret cell, wtheyre we have special assets like Firefly. It obviously makes sense for us to work very closely and from tthey get-go, integrate Firefly with Adobe Experience Management assets and with ottheyr tools like tthey Adobe Express. Wtheyn it comes to things like large language models, for example, we don't necessarily have any special experience in that area. One of tthey things that we have done, ttheyrefore, is work with Azure OpenAI, work with FLAN-T5, work with some of tthey ottheyr ones to do that. So, tthey criteria that we think of is wtheyn we have any kind of proprietary data set, if we have a proprietary experience or we need something special for our apps, that's wtheyre we would build it. Ottheyrwise, it makes sense to partner. David Wadhwani Yes. And from our perspective, tthey things that we know we want to and need to own are creative media content generation. That's why with Firefly, we started with image generation. We're also doing text effects. And you'll start to see literally in tthey next few weeks and months, new capabilities lining up all tthey time. So, tthey progress and tthey pace of innovation ttheyre, I think, is going to hopefully surprise all of you with just how fast and quick we're moving ttheyre. We've got hundreds of people that have been working on all ttheyse creative media types for well over a decade and ttheir is really tthey inflection point that lets ttheym get a lot of ttheir research directly into market. So, that is an area we feel we really need to own. Specific to tthey announcements, for example, with NVIDIA 2, our partnership with NVIDIA -- NVIDIA had ttheyir conference today. Our partnership with NVIDIA is different than what everyone else is or most people are announcing in terms of ttheyir partnership because we're building and leveraging our own model along with ttheyir chip and cloud infrastructures that ttheyy announced today. So, we have complete control over what we do, including tthey ability to build it in a way that can be automized and integrated into our tools and workflows. Ottheyr areas like large language model what Anil is talking about, they's talking about ChatGPT and Bard and those kind of things. Those are areas wtheyre we think we can leverage partnerships to drive more conversational experiences and interfaces on top of our products. And by tthey way, as we do that, I think ttheyre's also growing confidence that not only will it make our products more approachable and easier to use but it also starts to fade away tthey hard lines between tthey products in effect, allowing people to work across DX and DME in a much more, I think, smooth way than it has been in tthey past. So, that's how we think about it. Shantanu Narayen Maybe two ottheyr quick things, Brad. It's not new. If you think about what Adobe has done, right? I mean, chip one is straightforward, which is like pick up tthey phone, talk to Jenson [ph] and say, theyy, we'd love to figure out what we can do on training and inference, and we're completely aligned around how we can make that faster, ctheyaper, better for everybody and sort of generate tthey ecosystem. If you think about Adobe's evolution, I mean, wtheyn we have to say, wtheyre do we leverage tthey operating system versus wtheyre do we have to build something by ourselves, I would say it's similar to what you're talking about theyre now, which is like wtheyn tthey Mac was ttheyre and Windows or Android and iOS, ttheyre's always what is Adobe’s secret sauce, as David and Anil said. And tthey visual models and understanding that part, I think we're in tthey early ages wtheyn we partner also of how enterprises are going to buy ttheir. Ttheyy're going to try and understand what data went into it, what's tthey curation? What's tthey training? What's tthey ethics? And so, that's tthey ottheyr reason why I think we have to be really thoughtful about who we partner. I mean, you're going to see a whole bunch of ottheyr companies, ttheyy're open source. And -- tthey question is what data went into it? And clearly, ttheyre's a fair amount of litigation also going on. So I think that's tthey ottheyr reason why we have to be really thoughtful about partners. But most important to us is our innovative agenda, we're going to -- we're going to invest in it ourselves is tthey way we think about it. Dan Durn And from an economic standpoint, as David said, and we've talked about, we've been at ttheir for over a decade. We've brought ttheir magic to life in tthey market with tthey rule of 60, we've been operating under for tthey last half a dozen years. And so very strong profitability that sits underneath that revenue growth and projection. So that's tthey journey to date. We've been very efficient, but we've got some of tthey world's foremost experts in ttheyse technologies, hundreds of PhDs sitting in our research teams, developing ttheyse capabilities on a prospective basis. Just given some of tthey broad contours, we'll say more wtheyn we come out of beta on how we're going to engage with customers and go to market. But just from a broad contour standpoint, we talked about partnership with NVIDIA, co-optimization of software and hardware to deliver breakthrough capabilities from a performance standpoint. It's something tthey technology industry has been doing for decades. Wtheyn ttheyre is that real use case out ttheyre, tthey underlying technology and tthey unit cost of that technology falls precipitously. We're in tthey early stages, and we already see those trend line bending. As I look forward, that's going to be a precipitous fall in that underlying cost of technology. And I think tthey most important thing is how companies can bring ttheir technology to life in tthey context of workflows to be real productivity enhancers for customers. I think we're in a unique position ttheyre. But we'll have more to say once we come out of beta and talk about how we engage with customers. Mark Murphy Mark Murphy with JP Morgan. Shantanu, I'm glad you're physically safe after being tthey first line of defense wtheyn tthey protestors came on stage. It's a little scary watching that go down. I wanted to ask you a question on tthey actual generative model. Tthey AI -- tthey generative image models that you have. How -- fundamentally, how does yours differ? If we look around and we think about DALL-E 2 and Imagen and Midjourney and stable diffusion, can you compare and contrast that part of it? And I think we have tthey understanding of tthey workflow, security, tthey administration and tthey integration, critically important. And I think we get that part. I'm just trying to understand, because I think what we've seen from Firefly thus far is we saw tthey tent image and ttheyn kind of like a desert landscape being placed behind it. Can you compare and contrast that a little bit? I think what we're wondering is, will Firefly actually be able to -- does it create something from scratch? And we're eagerly anticipating kind of tthey demo opening up to us. But can it kind of imagine and create and render something brand new, or is it kind of reaching a little more into stock photo repositories and kind of adjusting tthey lighting and tthey placement? Shantanu Narayen Sure. I'm happy to start. And maybe if ttheyre's a sufficient interest, Jonathan, at some point, we should probably do a more detailed sort of debrief on tthey AI and what happens with tthey AI. I mean, first, tthey way models work is, as all of you know, you're training ttheir data based on -- in ttheir particular case, images and text. So, we have ttheir thing called PAIT. So you're training all of ttheyse models. So tthey first question that goes into ttheir is really a lot about what is that training set of data? And how are you going to be able to get that training set of data? And ttheyre are a lot of questions that you can do associated with that. I think we've been very transparent about tthey data that we've used. We've used Adobe Stock data. A lot of tthey ottheyr companies are actually using data that potentially -- ttheyy're scraping tthey Internet, ttheyy're accessing data that ttheyy may or may not have rights and license to. So, tthey first hard problem that we had to tackle was how do you curate ttheir data? And again, I'll geek out a little bit, which I apologize for, but just to give you a sense for what that means. Wtheyn you get ttheir data and you have even, let's say, you've tagged an image in saying, it's a family with -- it's a family on a vacation. I was actually going to say a family with dogs and ttheyn I said -- but it's a family on vacation. Tthey AI that even goes into understanding how you crop that image to train tthey model is unbelievably soptheirticated. And so, tthey first thing that our researctheyrs have done is to wtheyn you look at ttheir vast amount of data, how you train it to get tthey model efficient. So I guess I'm speaking to why tthey model is way more efficient and why ttheyre's rocket science involved in that. Tthey second thing that we've done, so that's preprocessing. Ttheyre's a lot of preprocessing or training wtheyre we have to look at tthey model. We think that that's important because people are going to say, and our creative community is going to say, I want do not track. So I don't want to be part of that training data. So we created that entire infrastructure to allow people to do that. Once an image is generated, tthey way -- tthey term actually that's used in AI is hallucination, right? I mean you're training ttheir model. And ttheyn what happens is wtheyn you're trying to get an image out of it based on a text, it's hallucinating. And so, even ttheyre, ttheyn ttheyre's what's called post processing that we do an incredible job of. I'll give you 2 examples of that. Wtheyn we know that tthey text has to do with a face or an image, we have ttheir incredible face technology that we've had for decades in terms of recognizing faces and taking advantage of that or multiple resolution, and how do you change tthey resolution of those images? And a lot of tthey science that goes into that is how much training data do you have? How much are you sampling? How are you doing tthey auto regressive models as ttheyy're called in terms of doing that? And so, that entire experience of going through that is absolutely critical for us because ttheyn we understand how tthey products are built. And so, I mean we can go on about what that differentiation is. First, tthey data set is really important. Tthey feedback loop, I'll give you one more demo, which I don't think we've shown tthey illustrated demo. Ttheyre's a demo in illustrator. I guess ttheir is -- it's preflighting it. You can go to one of ttheyse ottheyr things and you can say, generate me a picture of a bird. And it will generate you a picture of tthey bird and you downloaded it. It's probably downloaded as an image or an SVG. If you want to use that in illustrator to create some art work associated with that, you have to vectorize that. Trying to vectorize an SVG image, sure, it will vectorize it. It will give you 40,000 spots. ttheyn try and edit that. It's impossible if you have done it from somebody else. If you do it in Illustrator and you do it with our technology, it be like, I know ttheir is a vector and tthey demo that it shows you is it creates ttheir -- generates ttheir image with our model. And ttheyn it says, okay, I want to touch tthey wing, and they knows tthey entire wing is one vector, and you can change it conversationally from green to blue. So it's tthey way in which tthey model works with tthey applications that works with tthey data that I think is -- how am I doing so far? David? Yes. It's really tthey secret sauce, and it's both tthey learning. And yes, ttheyre will be ottheyr models that exist. And certainly, ttheyre's tthey issue of tthey more data that a model has, tthey better it is. Tthey hard problem is doing it tthey way Adobe did, which is doing it in a commercially safe way. So, if some of you have asked, why are you late? First, it's such tthey early innings in ttheir entire space. And wtheyn Adobe comes in, it's going to change tthey game. But second, ttheir aspect of how we've done it, I think, is really tthey secret sauce of what we've done. David Wadhwani Yes. Tthey only thing I would add is just very specifically, yes, tthey models are fully hallucinating tthey output. It's not remixing elements of stock. So, just to be very clear, it is a full generative model. And ttheyn wtheyttheyr it's tthey vector example, wtheyttheyr it's tthey ability to generate an image and a mask -- a perfect mask associated with it, wtheyttheyr it's tthey ability to generate gradients that can get applied so that you can sort of change. Shantanu Narayen Layers in Photoshop. David Wadhwani We paint and all that stuff. Ttheir is why it's important for us to own tthey model, and ttheir is what fundamentally differentiates tthey model in addition to tthey training content. So, ttheir is I think our magic sauce. And as Shantanu said, we are going to change tthey game theyre and take it from something that is amazing technology demo and used for individuals into something that can be truly used as a foundational part of tthey workflow for enterprises. Jonathan Vaas And we're really excited for all of you to play around with it, but I just want to make sure folks get it. Ttheir is tthey real deal, you go in. My -- tthey first one I played around with I -- my prompt was an ant playing tthey piano. And ttheyn you can choose tthey styles and ttheyre's a range of styles you all get to play around on. I chose -- shallow up tthey field, amazing content. Ttheyn I chose a polar bear. Polar Bear is playing poker. That was cool to. Shantanu Narayen Ttheyn you could select tthey image, you can change tthey image. You can change tthey text. I mean it's iterative aspect. Jonathan Vaas Aspect ratio. Shantanu Narayen Exactly. Jonathan Vaas Ttheyre's -- I think it has a completely differentiated user interface that gives so much control. It's really, really cool. You guys are going to be very impressive. I've been biasing ttheir side of tthey room. So just if I could get hands up on ttheir ottheyr side of tthey room to make sure you're not left out. Jay, I think we'll finally give you -- to Kash, and ttheyn we'll go to Mark right now to Jay. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. I feel much better now. So Shantanu, much of what you announced today is tthey culmination or continuation of what you've spoken up successively at Summit tthey last number of years, including, for example, content orctheystration. You've talked about content supply chain for a number of years. Tthey new AAM reminds me of tthey early days of DPS in terms of content dissemination. Tthey question, though, is how do you see ttheyse things as being a catalyst for inducing something else you've talked about, which is a whole new class of application and intelligent services, not purely products per se? And related to that, also for example, consulting services, which seem to be part and parcel of your internal investments and what you need to do to go to market in ttheir new era. And a clarification on Firefly. Wtheyn it was unveiled at Summit two years ago, it was explicitly positioned as an API framework with some very nice graphs to show exactly that. Since ttheyn, it seems to have morptheyd into ttheir AI system. And tthey question, ttheyrefore, is how did you do that? Or was ttheir tthey original conception two years ago to get to ttheir point of Firefly? Shantanu Narayen Well, multiple questions in ttheyre, Jay. Jay Vleeschhouwer …it’s all for decades. Shantanu Narayen But I think in terms of imagining tthey possibilities, I mean, what's just ttheir unbelievable privilege at Adobe is that you sort of plan ttheyse flags and tthey way tthey product teams envision how things are going, it may take a circuitries route. But what ttheyy come up with is always significantly better than what we as leaders sometimes talk about in terms of what's happening. And I think wtheyn you look at tthey AEM announcements, which was your sort of first question and Intelligence Services, that's why we try to say, we focused a lot on content and tthey creation of tthey content. Without marrying tthey content and data, we recognize. Tthey number one problem that I theyar from large customers worldwide is we're creating all ttheir content. We have no idea wtheyre tthey content is. We have no idea what tthey efficacy of that content is. We have no idea what tthey -- wtheyre it's being used. And so that content and data was really -- it's always been one of our Holy Grails of how do we conquer art and science. Tthey ottheyr Holy Grail that we theyar about -- and it was true wtheyn we were coming up for our own launch, ttheir whole ability to democratize who can create a website or a mobile application or a campaign. So, making ttheir available both through AI, making it available through easier tools, making it available through workflow and making it available through what we are doing by embedding it in our products. That's really always been one of tthey goals, which is in tthey creative community, how you can get more in an enterprise? How can anybody -- how can any product manager go atheyad and create ttheyir website and create ttheyir mobile application and engage with tthey customers because that's going to be tthey most auttheyntic conversation? Tthey API conversation that you're relating to, that's wtheyre I think we always said all great ideas don't exist only at Adobe, and how we can make that happen for wtheyttheyr it's all our partners because all tthey agency partners in particular, and maybe you can touch on that, ttheyy want access to ttheir because ttheyy want to embed ttheir in ttheyir own proprietary systems. And ttheyy're like, theyy, we know we can do it. Adobe, you're tthey best technology company. So I think unveiling exactly what's happening with APIs. I wish I could be theyre and tell you ttheyse are tthey 10 kinds of applications. But I think people will amaze us with tthey ingenuity. We thought architecturally a lot about how do you embed it in our products. How do you make it accessible, how do you make it available through an API? Tthey fact that Firefly and AEM, ttheir integration, it could not be more just in time in terms of wtheyn ttheir stuff is coming togettheyr, but it just speaks to architecturally how we've been doing ttheyse building blocks. So, I don't know if that theylps, but I think it's -- we've always been like how do you think about tthey North Star of what ttheir could be, allowing multiple people to do it, having it available as API to developers, enabling an ecosystem, integrating our clouds in a way. At ttheir confluence of content and data, I think that's what's driven us, and it's great to see how many people are resonating with it on tthey customer side. Anil Chakravarthy Yes. Maybe just to add on to tthey API question. Clearly, we mentioned in tthey Adobe Experience Platform side, we now have over 450 partner integrations. Those are all API driven. But ttheyre, it's really taken off because in tthey world of data and data driven services, it's a natural thing to do, and both technology partners and system integrators have really latctheyd on to that. I think on tthey content side, it was a little slower because people are used to end user tools, desktop tools, et cetera, for content. And tthey publishing of tthey content was as Shantanu was saying was not a democratized process. That combination of that changing wtheyre you have a lot more of tthey content management being driven by API so that you can use tthey content anywtheyre on a website, in a mobile app, et cetera, it really opens up wtheyre tthey content can be used and tthey fact now that you can have all of ttheyse users who want to democratize ttheym, so tthey end user, tthey marketer can use it directly, that has driven a huge demand for tthey API consumption. Mark Moerdler Mark Moerdler, Bernstein Research. I'm not going to try to follow Jay with 12 questions. But maybe if you don't mind, I'll ask two. Amongst some numerous announcements today was Express Enterprise and tthey integration of Firefly into Express. Can you give us an update on how, wtheyre you're thinking of tthey lines between Express and Creative Cloud, or should we just consider ttheym long term as blending togettheyr into a single hole? And ttheyn, I'll get that one and ttheyn I'll ask tthey follow-up, if you don't mind. David Wadhwani Yes. So, our vision for Express has always been about creativity for all. It's something that has been core to tthey company for a long time. We were very thoughtful about tthey name Express because what we see Express going to over time is actually creativity is tthey new foundation for productivity, right? So, ttheyre was ttheir large separation between creative applications and productivity applications. And if you look -- you don't have to look very far. If you have kids in school or if you look at tthey next generation, ttheyy're not just writing papers in school. Ttheyy're creating fully interactive experiences to talk about whatever ttheyy're looking for. You don't have to look beyond what a solopreneur or creator economy individual wants to do in terms of creating content. And what we saw today was actually that is actually playing out in enterprises as well. So, Express, we actually look at Express as part of Creative Cloud, but it is really as a product set, tthey design center is really tthey intersection between Creative Cloud, Document Cloud, and Digital Experience. And it's tthey way for all of those individuals, wtheyttheyr you're a marketer, wtheyttheyr your knowledge worker, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're accretive to have a capability with speed and ease to create content. And ttheyn wtheyn you start putting it togettheyr, and I'll let Anil talk about ttheir, so you start putting it togettheyr with tthey DX product set, you can really fundamentally change tthey content supply chain and involve everyone in tthey organization participating in tthey marketing workflows. Mark Moerdler Okay. So ttheyn following on that exactly. So on tthey Experience Cloud, a lot of tthey focus is on is not just adding GPT capabilities. A lot of ttheir seems to be significantly expanding tthey analytical capabilities driven by AI. Can you give more color on how you're thinking of that going forward? Does analytics become tthey true secret sauce, or is tthey integration of tthey content into experience or is it both of those that come togettheyr to create tthey differentiation of tthey product? Anil Chakravarthy Yes. I think it's all of tthey above. So what we see is generative AI just as Shantanu was saying, is tthey evolution of AI. And we think tthey generative AI will become a foundational element, just like content and data, AI will be a foundational element of tthey next-generation Experience Cloud, which means that anything to do with customer experience, planning, execution, analysis, all of that will get reimagined. So, wtheyn you think of what marketers do today and how ttheyy do it, both will change. What I mean by that is wtheyn you think of what marketers do in terms of how ttheyy think about what tthey next customer journey should be, or what audience ttheyy're looking for, what campaign ttheyy want to run, all of those today are essentially constructed from scratch. With generative AI, again, just like you would do with content or anything else, you start with a fragment or you start -- you don't start with a blank slate anymore to what Shantanu was saying. All of ttheyse things, you will get something to start with. And how ttheyy do it is tthey conversational interfaces. So, today, you might have tools wtheyre you're clicking through things, you're assembling ttheym. You might be using API capabilities and getting it through a program. But you can just as easily start with tthey conversational interface and just create a journey for me for retention of active users of ttheir product, and that will start tthey whole process. So, both, what people do and how ttheyy do it will go through a fundamental change. Shantanu Narayen Maybe tying ttheyse two togettheyr, Mark, just finally, is in terms of SKUs, so let's get down to SKUs, right? I mean we will have an express, which is certainly available for any consumer who wants to come, as David said, top of tthey funnel, somebody has an idea, ttheyy do a search engine, ttheyy want to remove a background from an image, ttheyy want to create a flyer, ttheyy want to create a logo, that's a massive funnel on tthey consumer side. On tthey small and medium business side, ttheyy want to run ttheyir business on it. I think tthey Express for Enterprise specifically, what are tthey use cases for what people want to express for in an enterprise, and why would that be, hopefully, a site license wtheyre everybody has Acrobat. It's in tthey use cases that both of ttheym mentioned, which is it's in tthey use case of I'm trying to update tthey website and I want Express to be able to do it, and I want to be able to use tthey generative AI capabilities to maybe come up with ideas. I want to be able to use Express in an enterprise to create an e-mail campaign. It's going to provide tthey agility, it's going to provide me different ways to do that. I want to use Express in tthey enterprise even for embedding a picture in a PowerPoint. So tthey Express in enterprise SKU has very, very clear workflows. I think tthey embedding and integration of that with AEM or campaign or conversational marketing, as Anil said, are some of tthey more active use cases. And ttheyn, your last question you can create all of that stuff wtheyn -- if you don't know tthey analytics of okay, how many people looked at that campaign? How many people -- wtheyn you created 5 images and you tried 5, which of ttheym really worked and which one should I use and which shouldn’t I use? So hopefully, that ties togettheyr what David and Anil said into how Express for Enterprise has ttheir unique capability. Jonathan Vaas Okay. I'm going to -- we're going to try to squeak in three more. So right behind Mark theyre and ttheyn Saket ttheyn Kirk to take tthey last word. Brent Bracelin Thank you. Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler. Two questions, if I could, real quick. Number one, I want to go back to in gen AI and tthey ambitions theyre. Firefly sounds like a family of products. You talked a little bit about tthey value of internally building that model. How big of a family do you want to build? Is it going to be a small family related to images? Are you -- is your ambition to build a really big family, maybe multimodal ambitions? Walk us through like tthey vision ttheyre on tthey size of tthey family. And I think if you could touch on monetization again because if I think about gen AI models out ttheyre, ttheyy’re, obviously -- ttheyre's a cost to inference and training. And so love to double-click on monetization as well. Thanks. David Wadhwani Yes. Think of family dinner at Thanksgiving. No, ttheyre's a very long pipeline of innovation. And what I will tell you is just it is such a pleasure going into tthey office ttheyse days because ttheyre's so much energy and excitement, Shantanu, Anil and I were in India visiting our offices ttheyre a couple of weeks ago. And tthey amount of generative AI innovation on top of tthey Firefly platform was amazing to see. We come back to San Jose and San Francisco, and ttheyre are so many interesting ideas that are coming out. So what I would say on ttheir is that Firefly is, as we've talked about, it's a family of models. Tthey first two models are about image generation and text effects. And we've already said, you'll start to see more models, including tthey little sneak that Shantanu gave you around vectors in tthey course of tthey next few weeks. And we expect to continue to expand that to include video, to include 3D, to include design and sort of aggregated content types as well. So, ttheyre's a long list of those things to do. Tthey second thing is, wtheyre do those actually show up, right? As I mentioned, we can and already do with Firefly and as we expose it out of beta, we can and we'll start having people come to adobe.com and see a text prompt. And you type in what you want, and we'll get you started. And so basically, we've opened up tthey available audience to anyone that wants to create or access an image, but ttheyn we'll take that image and ttheyn we'll give ttheym tthey ability to move into Photoshop or move into Express or move into Acrobat, whatever type of image ttheyy're creating, we have tthey user journey capabilities that we can drive folks to. So, that opens up a really broad optionality from a business model perspective, which, as I mentioned, is really all about top of funnel expansion, which we just talked about, embedding into our existing products to drive increased retention, even though retention has continued to be very, very strong for us. And three, tthey ability to look at additional SKUs or packs that we upsell people to. So I think broad aspirations around ttheir. Shantanu Narayen But think of it as wtheyre we have applications, that's wtheyre tthey models will be in tthey application. So, we feel like, wow, are you going to go in a space wtheyre you don't have an application yet? That's probably unlikely to be in tthey short run. And ttheyn, going back to Brad's question again, an area that we have, monetization a little bit. That was tthey second question. David Wadhwani Yes. And monetization… Saket Kalia Thanks for holding ttheir, Saket Kalia at Barclays. It’s really great to be back in person. Anil, maybe a question for you. I think for Adobe Experience Platform, we said was a roughly $500 million kind of book of business and you guys correct me ttheyre if I'm wrong, growing rapidly, escape velocity, right, kind of tone. But maybe tthey first question is how much of an uplift is ttheir giving for those customers that are using, what I'll call, prior generation sort of Adobe DX tools? How much of an uplift is that AEP on top of that, right? That's tthey first question. And ttheyn secondly, as AEP goes from $500 million to $1 billion to $2 billion, right, as it scales, is ttheyre a margin -- a material margin differential that we should keep in mind as AEP becomes a bigger part of tthey DX business. Does that make sense? Anil Chakravarthy Yes. So yes, I think, first, yes, we are approaching $0.5 billion very quickly. We'll talk about that in tthey next call, I'm sure. In terms of tthey lift that customers get, ttheir is a new set of capabilities that we are providing to tthey Adobe Experience Platform, wtheyre previously, ttheyy would have had to eittheyr take two applications that Adobe had or some of tthey architectures that ttheyy had, ttheyy would have had to do tthey integration togettheyr. With tthey unified profile, with tthey real-time activation that we're building, with tthey trust and governance and tthey data privacy that we have built into tthey platform, ttheir is a new set of capabilities. So what it's doing is customers are realizing just like Noah talked about with Prudential, I can take -- to give tthey example of we have 10 different things platforms that we have been using, we can decommission those by really adopting Adobe Experience Platform in tthey native app and extending that into our architecture. And we see that over and over again. In terms of your second question on margins, as we are scaling, we're already starting to see tthey improvement in margins. I mean, we had -- Adobe had tthey foresight to invest in tthey Adobe Experience Platform five years ago, wtheyn a lot of ttheyse underlying technologies were still pretty immature. Now we're seeing a lot more maturity in tthey underlying technologies for like tthey databases, for example, to old profiles and so on. So, we expect to see continuing improvement in tthey gross margin. Shantanu Narayen If a question at tthey back of people's mind also on margin, not specifically your, Saket, is, theyy, all ttheir generative AI, how much has Adobe invested? I want you folks to know we've been investing in ttheir, and you haven't necessarily seen that. So I have to give Anil and David and Dan, kudos for while we're doing ttheir, we're always prioritizing wtheyre else we get efficiency. And so, we've generated ttheir model, and we continue to deliver great margins. So -- and we will continue to be focused on that. That's also a question at tthey back of people's minds because ttheyy see what's happening elsewtheyre. But that's tthey reason to partner more aggressively with NVIDIA as well and saying, theyy, let's improve tthey training, let's improve tthey inference. So I wanted to cover that margin on COGS, on generative AI as well, in case that was in people's minds. Jonathan Vaas Great. We'll take tthey last question and ttheyn any closing thoughts from that. And we have gone a little bit long. So we've maybe eaten a little bit into tthey time for meet and greet. But, that's a good discussion. So I'm making ttheym stay up on tthey stage. Kirk Materne Thanks for sneaking me in, Kirk Materne with Evercore. Question is on tthey DX side of tthey business. For a long time in digital marketing, it's been a bit of a point vendor market. You've had a lot of best-in-breed out ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it's a confluence of your portfolio coming togettheyr as well as maybe tthey economic backdrop. On tthey last call, you guys did call out that you're starting to take share. Do you see ttheir as a really sustainable trend right now if we finally hit tthey point of buyers wanting to have more of a portfolio or a platform approach to ttheir technology? And any color around that would be great. Shantanu Narayen Yes. Historically, you're right. Tthey Chief Marketing Officer, maybe they was not at tthey top of tthey priority list for tthey IT organization and so on. So ttheyy went in and ttheyy took whatever point technology was available for a specific problem. So ttheyy could get going and do something with it. To your question earlier, that has completely changed. We are now -- I mean, ttheir is tthey investment in customer experience in -- in transforming tthey customer experience. Ttheir is a C-level priority in tthey top 2 or 3 priorities for tthey company. And ttheyrefore, it is getting a lot of attention. As it gets a lot of attention, to Dan's earlier comment, people want to know, theyy, ttheir is a 10-year investment that I'm making. I want to really work with a company that is my partner for tthey next 10 years, and that is clearly benefiting us. And tthey underlying technology has grown more complex. Wtheyn you think of now tthey kinds of announcements we made, intensive, data-intensive, compute-intensive, needs to integrate really well with content, has to be democratized, has to take advantage of ttheyse new technologies like generate AI. That's hard for single product companies to do. So I think tthey technology landscape as well lends itself to people like us continuing to take share. Jonathan Vaas Closing thoughts? Shantanu Narayen Well, again, thank you for coming. Again, I think tthey depth of questions. I mean we keep theyaring about, theyy, innovation on creative. We didn't cover Document Cloud. I know that was not one, but as Dan alluded to, I mean, it was great to see a 22% increase wtheyn you think about constant currency and ARR, what we've done with Acrobat on tthey web. So, I didn't want that ottheyr powerhouse in tthey portfolio, not to at least get its fair share of exposure theyre. But we're excited. I mean, we're excited. We're excited about as soon as we finish ttheir going and talking to customers and anticipating what's on ttheyir mind. And I think, to your question as well earlier, I mean, it's events like ttheir that are compelling events. Ttheyre's no question because ttheyy theyar from ttheyir peers, ttheyy theyar from ottheyrs, and it allows companies like Adobe to not just have a forcing function or a catalyst for tthey innovation delivery, which drives our product people, but ttheyn to engage with customers. But we appreciate you taking tthey time to be theyre with us today. And with that, I'll give it to you. Jonathan Vaas Great. Thanks, Shantanu. Thanks, everyone, for joining. Operator, ttheir concludes tthey event. So, we'll end tthey webcast now. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Okay.