Adobe, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call December 13, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Mike Saviage - VP, IR Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President & CEO John Murphy - EVP & CFO Analysts Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Saket Kalia - Barclays Bank Brad Zelnick - Crédit Suisse AG Taylor Reiners - Piper Jaffray Companies Stewart Materne - Evercore ISI Keith Lowe - UBS Investment Bank Brent Thill - Jefferies Kasthuri Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Keith Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Mark Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Brent Bracelin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Thomas Roderick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to welcome you to Adobe Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Mike Saviage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Mike Saviage Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on tthey call are Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. In our call today, we will discuss Adobe's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 financial results. By now you should have a copy of our earnings press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately 1 hour ago. We've also posted PDFs of our earnings call prepared remarks and slides and an updated investor datattheyyet on adobe.com. If you'd like a copy of ttheyse documents, you can go to Adobe's Investor Relations page and find ttheym listed under Quick Links. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets, and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, December 13, 2018, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey forward-looking statements disclosure in tthey earnings press release we issued today as well as Adobe's SEC filings. During ttheir call, we'll discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between tthey two is available in our earnings release and in our updated investor datattheyyet on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live in Adobe Connect and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe's Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days and is tthey property of Adobe. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast archive may not be re-recorded or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. Fiscal 2018 was an outstanding year for Adobe, and I'm thrilled with what we've accomplittheyyd. Our vision to empower people to create and transform how businesses compete has never been more relevant, and we welcomed millions of new customers to Adobe. From students to creative professionals to government agencies in tthey world's most successful brands, customers everywtheyre are turning to Adobe to tell ttheyir story, drive ttheyir digital businesses and change tthey world. Ttheir year, we delivered significant innovation across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. We made strategic acquisitions, which have expanded our offerings in addressable markets, and we forged key partnerships that bring us increased scale. Ttheyse actions have resulted in record revenue and impressive growth across all our businesses. As we enter 2019, Adobe is well positioned to build on ttheir momentum, delight our customers and continue to deliver impressive long-term top and bottom line growth. Total Adobe revenue was $9.03 billion in FY '18, which represents 24% annual growth. GAAP earnings per share in FY '18 was $5.20, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $6.76. Total Digital Media annualized recurring revenue or ARR exiting tthey year grew to $6.83 billion. FY '18 Creative revenue was $5.34 billion, which represents 28% year-over-year growth. We achieved annual revenue of $982 million for Document Cloud. And in our Digital Experience business, Experience Cloud revenue for tthey full year was $2.44 billion, representing 20% year-over-year growth. We closed tthey year with anottheyr record quarter, delivering Q4 revenue of $2.46 billion, representing 23% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.37, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.83. Ttheyse results include tthey acquisition of Marketo and tthey associated financial impacts that come with a large transaction. Excluding Marketo, we met or exceeded all of our Q4 and annual targets. Adobe believes everyone has a story to tell. Tens of millions of people around tthey world tell ttheyir story with Creative Cloud, wtheyttheyr it's in a high school magazine, a mobile app, a documentary at Sundance or an enterprise website. We achieved record Creative revenue of $1.45 billion in Q4 with 26% year-over-year growth. In Q4, our Creative business was fueled by strong performance across all segments, particularly among consumers. Black Friday and Cyber Monday were two of tthey largest single selling days in company theirtory. We focused on expanding tthey value of Creative Cloud for existing customers while extending its capabilities to meet tthey needs of broad new segments of users. In October, we theyld our annual MAX Creativity Conference. MAX has become a movement with reach and impact well beyond tthey physical event. Ttheir year, hundreds of thousands of Creative customers tuned in online to watch MAX and millions more continue to view MAX content. Product announcements at MAX included major updates to our flagship Creative tools, including Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator, InDesign and Premiere Pro; tthey introduction of Premiere Rush, tthey first all-in-one, easy-to-use video editing app for social media creators, simplifying video creation and sharing on leading platforms such as YouTube and Instagram. Online video is one of tthey fastest growing Creative segments, and Rush is a cornerstone of our strategy to unlock ttheir opportunity for millions of new customers. Exciting new innovations, powered by Adobe Sensei inside of Adobe XD, include new technology for prototyping experiences and applications for voice-enabled devices such as Amazon Echo; and new apps including Photoshop on tthey iPad, which will bring tthey power and precision of Photoshop to a touch device; and Project Gemini, a new drawing and painting application that brings unprecedented watercolor and oil painting capabilities to tthey digital canvas. In our Document Cloud business, we're revolutionizing how people scan, edit, collaborate, sign and share Adobe PDFs, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're consumers, small businesses or large enterprises. Document Cloud revenue in Q4 was $259 million, and we grew Document Cloud ARR to more than $800 million. We continue to accelerate our pace of innovation with Document Cloud, investing to modernize tthey PDF experience on every device and surface and building on tthey document intelligence available from tthey billions of PDFs in market to power AI-driven experiences. We recently shipped an all-new Acrobat DC with connected mobile apps like Adobe Scan and Acrobat Reader Mobile to create, share and collaborate with PDFs across smartphones and tablets. Adobe Sign, our e-signature solution, continues to gain momentum across businesses through new integrations and partnerships, including Dropbox, Microsoft Dynamics and ServiceNow. Digital transformation continues to be tthey mandate for CEOs across tthey globe. To compete and win today, both B2C and B2B businesses must provide a world-class, end-to-end customer experience across every touch point. With Experience Cloud, Adobe is reimagining customer experience management and delivering tthey industry's only end-to-end solution for marketing, advertising, analytics and commerce purpose built for tthey modern enterprise. In our Digital Experience business, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $690 million for tthey quarter, which represents 25% year-over-year growth. Key Experience Cloud customer wins in tthey quarter include Unilever, Tthey Home Depot, Telegraph Media Group, Geico, Heathrow Airport and tthey U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Delivering exceptional customer experiences demands deep customer insights and a platform built for action. We continue to invest in building tthey industry's first open platform for customer experience management, tthey Adobe Experience Platform. Tthey Adobe Experience Platform will deliver true, unified view of tthey customer for both CMOs and CIOs. In partnership with Microsoft and SAP, tthey recently announced Open Data Initiative is aimed at eliminating tthey data silos that exist across enterprises. It will enable enterprises to harness and take action on massive volumes of customer data to deliver personalized, real-time customer experiences. We're excited to have early support for ODI from leading brands, including Coca-Cola and Walmart. Adobe's retail reports, powered by Adobe Analytics data, have become tthey industry bellwettheyr for holiday shopping forecasts and ottheyr digital media, commerce and cultural trends. Adobe analyzed over 1 trillion visits and 55 million product SKUs across U.S. retail sites ttheir holiday season. Data showed that online sales reactheyd $7.9 billion on Cyber Monday, making it tthey largest online shopping day of all time in tthey U.S. In October, we completed our acquisition of Marketo, tthey leader in B2B marketing engagement, and we're off to a great start. Marketo strengttheyns our offering to customers, combining Experience Cloud's analytics, personalization, commerce and content capabilities with Marketo's B2B marketing engagement platform, theylping customers automate and orctheystrate mission-critical marketing campaigns and activities from lead management and customer engagement to account-based marketing and revenue attribution. Tthey addition of Marketo, along with our recently integrated commerce capabilities via our acquisition of Magento, widens Adobe's lead in customer management across both B2B and B2C in all industries. We're well positioned to continue capitalizing on ttheir growing opportunity that we estimate to have a total addressable market of more than $71 billion by 2021. Adding Marketo to our Digital Experience business immediately accelerates overall revenue growth for Adobe, and ottheyr financial benefits will ramp during FY '19 as tthey accounting impact from tthey transaction dissipates. Adobe is tthey clear leader in tthey markets we serve: creativity, digital documents and customer experience management. Our solutions have become indispensable to millions of customers, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are in tthey design department or tthey IT department, tthey classroom or tthey boardroom. At Adobe, it is our 20,000 global employees that form tthey theyart and soul of our business. In October, we achieved global gender pay parity, a critical milestone in Adobe's commitment to providing employees with a workplace that is diverse and inclusive. Last week, we were named one of Fortune's Top 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity. Adobe was once again ranked on tthey Dow Jones Sustainability Index, a key barometer tracking sustainability-driven companies. In 2018, we made significant investments across our product portfolio, entered new markets and made strategic acquisitions, which we believe will fuel continued top and bottom line performance. We expect 2019 to be anottheyr year of strong product innovation and financial results. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. We're pleased with our Q4 and full year FY '18 results. We're excited about our acquisition of Marketo, which closed on October 31, and as part of my prepared remarks, I will review our consolidated Q4 and FY '18 results and outline Marketo's impact in comparison to our targets previously provided, which excluded Marketo. In FY '18, Adobe achieved record annual revenue of $9.03 billion, which represents 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP EPS for tthey year was $5.20, and non-GAAP EPS was $6.76. Noteworthy achievements during tthey year include: Creative revenue of $5.34 billion, which represents 28% year-over-year growth; Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $982 million, which represents 17% year-over-year growth; adding a record $1.45 billion of net new Digital Media ARR during tthey year, and exiting FY '18 with $6.83 billion of Digital Media ARR; Adobe Experience Cloud revenue of $2.44 billion, which represents 20% year-over-year growth; generating more than $4 billion in operating cash flow during tthey year; returning $2 billion in cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase program; and growing deferred revenue to approximately $3 billion, and increasing our unbilled backlog to approximately $5 billion exiting tthey year. Togettheyr, ttheir represents approximately $8 billion of contracted revenue. Total annual revenue growth, excluding Magento and Marketo, was approximately 22%, well atheyad of tthey revenue target we provided entering tthey year. In tthey fourth quarter of FY '18, Adobe achieved record revenue of $2.46 billion, which represents 23% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q4 was $1.37, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.83. Excluding tthey impact of tthey Marketo acquisition in Q4, we estimate GAAP EPS would have been $1.48 and non-GAAP diluted EPS would have been $1.90, both of which would have exceeded tthey earnings targets we provided in September. Business and financial highlights in Q4 included: Digital Media revenue of $1.71 billion, including Creative revenue of $1.45 billion and Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $259 million; record net new Digital Media ARR of $430 million; Digital Experience revenue of $690 million, which represents 25% year-over-year growth; deferred revenue growth of 22% year-over-year; record cash flow from operations of $1.1 billion; returning $397 million of cash to our stockholders through stock buyback; and approximately 90% of our revenue in Q4 was from recurring sources. In Digital Media, we grew segment revenue by 23% year-over-year. Tthey addition of $430 million net new Digital Media ARR during tthey quarter grew tthey total to $6.83 billion exiting Q4. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 26% year-over-year in Q4, and we increased Creative ARR by a record $373 million. Key growth drivers included: strong net new subscriptions across user segments and geographies, driven by robust traffic and customer acquisition on adobe.com and theylped by typical year-end benefits including enterprise seasonality, post-MAX traffic and holiday campaigns, which drove strong consumer adoption; education market success driven by our year-long effort to increase our focus on Creative Cloud use by students and schools; continued momentum with Creative Cloud in emerging markets; services adoption, including continued strength with Adobe Stock revenue, which grew by more than 25% during tthey year; and pricing optimizations in North America. As we outlined at our financial analyst meeting in October, we're focused on numerous initiatives to continue to fuel Creative Cloud growth in tthey coming years. We achieved record Document Cloud revenue of $259 million in Q4, which represents 10% year-over-year growth, and we added $57 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during tthey quarter. As we discussed previously, in Q4 FY '17, we achieved a significant amount of perpetual Acrobat revenue through tthey channel, which impacts year-over-year comparisons. Acrobat unit growth across Creative Cloud and Document Cloud was greater than 30% during tthey year, and Adobe Sign revenue grew by more than 25% during FY '18. With strong Acrobat subscription and Document Cloud services adoption, we exited FY '18 with more than $800 million of Document Cloud ARR and solid momentum. In our Digital Experience segment, we achieved record quarterly Experience Cloud revenue of $690 million. Magento exceeded tthey $30 million target we shared previously for Q4, and Marketo added $21 million during tthey quarter. Digital Experience year-over-year segment growth was 25% in Q4 inclusive of Marketo and 22% excluding Marketo, atheyad of our Q4 target of approximately 20%. For tthey year, Digital Experience year-over-year segment growth was 20% inclusive of Magento and Marketo. We finittheyyd tthey year with strong subscription bookings in line with our target. In Q4, Experience Cloud subscription revenue grew 30% year-over-year; and for tthey year, we achieved 26% year-over-year Experience Cloud subscription revenue growth, both including Magento and Marketo. Experience Cloud performance in Q4 was driven by success across our offerings with particular strength in Analytics, AEM Assets and Magento Commerce. Our go-to-market relationship with Microsoft resulted in strong bookings in Q4 and during tthey year. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $9.5 million. We had $30.5 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY '18 versus $16.8 million in theydge gains in Q3 FY '18. Thus, tthey net sequential currency increase to revenue considering theydging gains was $4.2 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $7.9 million. We had $30.5 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY '18 versus $1 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY '17. Thus, tthey net year-over-year currency increase to revenue considering theydging gains was $37.4 million. In Q4, Adobe's effective tax rate was 3% on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. Both rates were lower than targeted due to a more favorable-than-expected geographic mix of earnings as well as tthey favorable resolutions of certain income tax matters. Our trade DSO was 49 days, which compares to 55 days in tthey year-ago quarter and 41 days last quarter. Deferred revenue grew to a record $3.05 billion, up 22% year-over-year. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q4 was $3.23 billion, and cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion in tthey quarter. Tthey quarter-over-quarter decline in our cash position was due to tthey funding of tthey Marketo acquisition. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares at a cost of $397 million. During FY '18, we repurchased 8.7 million shares at a cost of $2 billion. We currently have $7.85 billion remaining of our new $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May, which goes through 2021. Now I will discuss our financial targets for tthey coming year. Entering FY '19, we are excited about our business momentum, our market leadership position and tthey large addressable markets we presented at our recent financial analyst meeting in October. Tthey strategic acquisitions we made in FY '18 increased FY '19 revenue growth targets with some added complexity in describing our financial outlook. I'll explain some of tthey details as I walk you through our targets. As we've stated previously, we will report our FY '19 results based on tthey new ASC 606 accounting standards beginning in March with our Q1 results. Tthey targets we are providing today are based on ASC 605 as we are still in tthey process of integrating Marketo into our financial systems to report results utilizing 606. We continue to believe that moving to 606 in FY '19 reporting will not materially impact our revenue. However, we now expect ttheyre will be a slight improvement to earnings through tthey year as we benefit from tthey capitalization of sales commissions. We measure ARR in constant currency during a fiscal year, and if necessary, we revalue ARR at year-end for current currency rates. Adverse FX rate changes between December of last year and ttheir year have resulted in a $123 million adjustment and lowers our beginning FY '19 Digital Media ARR balance to $6.71 billion. Ttheir expected revision is reflected in our updated investor datattheyyet and our FY '19 net new growth target, and our quarterly results will be measured against ttheir revalued amount during FY '19. In FY '19, we are targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $11,150,000,000; Digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 20%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.45 billion, an increase above our preliminary target provided in October; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 34%; Digital Experience subscription bookings growth of approximately 25%; a GAAP tax rate of approximately 10% and a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 11%; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $5.54; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $7.75. Certain factors are reflected in our FY '19 annual targets specifically: approximately $35 million of adverse revenue impact due to current FX rates, which have moved against us since we provided preliminary FY '19 targets that were based on September spot rates; approximately $75 million reduction in revenue from tthey write-down of deferred revenue for Magento and Marketo due to purchase accounting; and tthey increase in tax rates between FY '18 and FY '19. In Q1 FY '19, we are targeting revenue of approximately $2,540,000,000; Digital Media segment year-over-year growth of approximately 20%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $330 million; Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 31%; ottheyr expense of approximately $39 million; tax rate of approximately 3% on a GAAP basis and 11% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 495 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.14; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.60. For modeling purposes, after Q1, we expect total revenue in each quarter to grow by approximately tthey same year-over-year growth percentage implied in our targeted revenue growth rate for tthey year. In addition, after Q1, we expect net new Digital Media ARR in each quarter to be sequentially similar as that achieved in past fiscal years from quarter-to-quarter with typical summer seasonality, which can lead to sequentially lower net new ARR in Q3 as well as normal year-end sequential strength in Q4 net new ARR. As tthey impact of lost deferred revenue due to purchase accounting tapers off during FY '19 and as we grow our business, we expect quarterly operating margins to increase sequentially. We also expect quarterly year-over-year earnings growth rates to increase during tthey year. In summary, FY '18 was anottheyr record year for Adobe as demonstrated by our strong revenue and earnings growth and exceptional cash flow from operations. More importantly, during tthey year, we've invested in tthey business to continue our momentum over tthey long term. Our growth targets for tthey coming year reflect our confidence in our ability to execute, and we expect to exit FY '19 with a business that continues to exhibit strong top line growth, expanding profit margins and earnings growth rates that equal or exceed top line growth rates. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Mike. Mike Saviage Thanks, John. Adobe Summit returns to Las Vegas in March. Day 1 of our Digital Experience conference is Tuesday, March 26. Invitations with registration information to Summit will be sent out in January. More details about Summit are available at summit.adobe.com. If you wish to listen to a playback of today's conference call, a web-based archive of tthey call will be available on our IR site later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 855-859-2056. Use conference ID #8459218. International callers should dial 404-537-3406. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today and ending at 9:00 p.m. Pacific Time on December 19, 2018. We would now be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Walter Pritchard I'm wondering, for Shantanu, on tthey Creative side, as we look to next year, fiscal '19, and ARR that you're talking about, can you theylp us understand maybe how some of tthey drivers that you saw ttheir year may evolve into 2019? Which of tthey drivers ttheyre were -- do you expect to continue? Which do you expect to strengttheyn? And any that you expect to sort of wane in terms of driving that $1.45 billion ARR? Shantanu Narayen Sure, Walter. I mean, first, as it relates to FY '18, we're certainly thrilled with tthey performance; and wtheyn you think about both Q4 and FY '18, we actually saw strength in ARR across all offerings as well as all geographies. Q4 was characterized, I would say, with tthey typical seasonal enterprise strength that we see at tthey end of Q4. We saw a bunch of consumer strength as we also said in our prepared remarks. But wtheyttheyr it was tthey Individual offering, tthey team offering or tthey enterprise offering, ttheyy just continue to show quite a bit of momentum. And we expect that momentum, frankly, to continue into FY '19. So I think from tthey Individual products, wtheyn you think about what's happening with tthey photography bundle, what's happening with Acrobat, what's happening with tthey video products, clearly, we've identified that we're working on some new categories like XD and what we showed with augmented reality and virtual reality, continued offering of services, which is adding to ttheir. But as you remember, even during MAX, we announced numerous set of initiatives that we expect we'll all continue to drive, emerging markets, continued adoption of our services. So we're just really pleased. And I think it's important to remember, even wtheyn you look at tthey $1.45 billion target for next year, that FX did go adversely against us. And so wtheyn we think about both new units as well as renewal of units that happens next year, if ttheyy are internationally, that's actually going to be adverse relative to FY '18, so clearly, I think, indicating that tthey momentum that we saw in '18 will continue. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Saket Kalia Shantanu, just to maybe think a little higtheyr level, can you just talk about how tthey Digital Experience sales force might change ttheir year now that it has just a lot more to sell and potentially different types of customers to sell into with both B2C and B2B? How do you think about tthey sales force can sort of go to market in 2019 with tthey addition of Magento and Marketo? Shantanu Narayen Saket, what we have done is, even in fiscal '18 as we have segmented tthey market and we think very strategically about what's happening in what we call tthey strategic accounts versus tthey corporate accounts versus tthey territory accounts, we've got a go to market that's optimized around what's tthey best way to generate pipeline, what's tthey best way to have what we would call named account salespeople versus tthey specialists. And tthey more compretheynsive tthey offering, tthey more it actually strengttheyns our ability to drive pipeline and ttheyn convert existing customers. FY '18 was characterized, I think, by a return to momentum that we saw in subscription bookings. We have certainly seen good adoption, as we mentioned, of our Analytics and AEM products as well as Magento. And so what I'm excited about in FY '19 is wtheyn you think about what we had with Adobe Campaign and tthey B2C high-volume e-mail and cross-channel campaign capability, wtheyn you think about what Marketo bought in B2B with a lead management and account-based marketing capability, we now have really a far more compretheynsive offering for tthey enterprise to manage and personalize ttheyir end-to-end customer journeys across all channels. So we've already demonstrated integration. Magento is being integrated with AEM. So it just feels like ttheyre's more demand for our products. Ttheyre's more refinement of our go to market; and ttheyre's a strengttheyning, frankly, of tthey offering, which should theylp. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse. Brad Zelnick Congrats on a strong finish to a great year. Shantanu, at MAX, you spoke a bit about Adobe's data-driven operating model, but I think it would be theylpful if you could spend a moment reminding us why ttheir is a competitive advantage and how it contributes to tthey visibility and predictability that you have in your business. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Brad, and thanks for tthey comments. I mean, going back to tthey data-driven operating model, I mean it's a vocabulary that's so prevalent now within Adobe; and wtheyn we talk about discover, try, buy, use and renew, I think it just enables us to have tremendous focus across each part of it. I think most companies start off with really good awareness at tthey top of tthey funnel, which is on tthey discovery phase, but what I think we have done is actually provided a really good mattheymatical underpinning to what we need to do across each of those. So I know you have and ottheyrs in tthey past have asked us questions about how we think about promotions. We have incredible data about what is tthey right way to target those customers, how do ttheyy ttheyn convert into paying customers, in which countries do trials work, in which countries do trials not work. In terms of tthey buying, what are tthey right offers? How do you make recommendations? How do you convert people and upsell ttheym into ottheyr offerings? And on tthey use, which is wtheyre I would say in FY '18 we spent tthey most time, clearly, as tthey base grows larger and larger and larger, it's in tthey utilization of tthey products and ensuring that ttheyy get value that tthey greatest upside exists for Adobe. And so tthey best example I could give you is once I was at a Wednesday meeting wtheyre tthey entire team was talking about what was happening in realtime and ttheyy were making decisions in realtime. So having ttheir mattheymatical underpinning in a model and empowering people in realtime across every geography to make tthey right decisions based on data, I think that's really tthey power of ttheir model. And I think you've seen that in our results. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray. Taylor Reiners Ttheir is Taylor Reiners on for Alex. I guess one of tthey interesting points we picked up from our conversations with partners is that it seems like AEM Forms has been picking up quite a bit. I was wondering if you could dig in a bit more on tthey momentum you've been seeing ttheyre. And ttheyn maybe any comments on what you've been seeing within tthey e-signature market? Shantanu Narayen Yes. I mean, I think tthey whole paper-to-digital movement just continues to be a big driver of what's happening in digital transformation. And so if you think about most enterprises, what ttheyy have to do is ttheyy first have to create ttheir website to engage with customers, and ttheyn allowing ttheym to transact businesses digitally is a big imperative. And so to that end, what we have done, both on tthey Acrobat side as well as on tthey AEM Forms side to allow everything from ad hoc workflows as well as more structured workflows to happen using our products, it's clearly a drive that we see. Government tends to be a big area of usage for AEM Forms as you can imagine, and tthey usage of PDF ttheyre is high because governments can never mandate that citizens buy software in order to engage with customers. And so I think that's tthey reason for tthey underlying strength. And AEM is a platform. It's -- we also talked about AEM Assets and how content management has grown. And from our point of view, as we think about documents, sign is just one of tthey many verbs that we focus on. Tthey entire document opportunity is such a large opportunity. And it's -- signing is something that we've enabled. We have ttheir incredible reach in terms of tthey client that we have, and tthey footprint allows us to sign things. But it's, again, all about creating those documents and sharing those documents and scanning those documents. And so our strength in PDF as a format, our strength in tthey web content management and our strength in ttheyse verbs, including tthey ability for people to sign, I think, is what gives us confidence that ttheir will continue to drive business for us. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Stewart Materne I’ll echo tthey comments around anottheyr strong quarter and great year. I guess, Shantanu, I was wondering just about Magento. It seems that, that came in a little bit above your expectations, and I know it's still early. But commerce seems to be an area that almost every enterprise is interested in to some degree or tthey ottheyr. I was just kind of curious about how that's theylping round out -- I think you talked about ttheir a little bit earlier -- but how that's specifically theylping you round out sort of your offering, especially at B2C clients as that's an area you used to have to partner with ottheyr people around. So I was just kind of curious if you could just comment specifically on Magento. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Kirk. I mean, strategically ttheyre are two things that we're excited about with tthey Magento Commerce solution. Tthey first is, for larger enterprises, tthey ability to now finally close tthey loop. We have tthey content management. We have audience segmentation. And at MagentoLive in Barcelona, we actually already have shown how you can integrate AEM with Magento Commerce. So that's been one of tthey strategic wins for us as people are thinking about next-generation commerce with mobile being a more fundamental part of it. So just having that built-in integration, having tthey ability for our salespeople to sell tthey entire solution to our customers, it's clearly an advantage. Tthey ottheyr strategic area of focus for us with Magento is really -- well, Magento was very strong, namely in tthey mid-market and small and medium businesses. Tthey fact that we have technology and content management and analytics and personalization to add to that as an out-of-box offering for those set of customers is also a strategic advantage for us. And certainly, Marketo adds to that in terms of tthey offering for that particular segment of customers. So it's across both ttheyse dimensions that we do it. And underlying all of that, I think, is ttheyir over 300,000 developer, tthey ecosystem that ttheyy have, that's, in effect for us, a channel and that I think with Adobe's brand and that distribution and reach, I think we should continue to capitalize on that opportunity. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Keith Lowe with UBS. Keith Lowe Thank you for tthey detail on Marketo and Magento impacts in Q4 and maybe rolling that to fiscal '19. I think ttheyre's a few breadcrumbs in ttheyre that would let us get to tthey revenue impact and tthey interest expense impacts associated with Marketo. But can you just talk a little bit about tthey expense line impacts from Marketo embedded in tthey guidance, both in terms of direct cost acquires with Marketo and also opportunities to invest in that business given that private equity's been controlling tthey purse strings for a while? Shantanu Narayen Well, first, Keith, I think ttheyre were a little bit more than breadcrumbs, but we appreciate tthey call out in terms of us trying to be transparent associated with that business. Maybe I'll take a little step back and ttheyn John can add colors. But I think we just look at it and say Q4 and FY '18, tthey financial results were clearly stellar. At MAX, as you know, we provided sort of tthey preliminary targets for FY '19, ARR of $1.4 billion, Digital Media revenue growth of 20%. At that point, what we had said was that we expect DX revenue growth of 20% and subscription bookings growth of 25%. And as you know, at that point, it did not include Marketo because tthey deal hadn't closed, but we highlighted two things. We highlighted that it would probably -- tthey earnings would be impacted moving forward as you factor in Marketo, and tthey tax rate would also impact our earnings profile. What we tried to do is update all of that today to both reflect tthey continued momentum and demonstrate that -- so from a currency perspective, currency went against us. So since September, despite that, we've raised our ARR target from $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion. We've kept tthey revenue growth for Digital Media at 20% despite, again, as I said, foreign exchange is going against us. In Digital Experience, which is your question, as we think about it, tthey segment revenue target we have raised to 34% year-over-year growth. So clearly, we are reflecting tthey continued momentum that we would expect as a result of getting Marketo. Tthey base is much larger right now. And so including that base, what we said is that we expect to drive 25% subscription bookings growth for ttheir much larger book of business, and that's already factored in how we think about tthey operating expense in terms of what goes for Marketo and actually what goes for tthey entire DX business. And ttheyn what we tried to do is reflect that, while we continue to be excited about tthey potential of earnings, once you factor in tthey accounting impact of purchase accounting that's approximately $75 million for Magento and Marketo, primarily in tthey first half of tthey year, that's like a 15% -- $0.15 impact in non-GAAP earnings. So that's sort of how we think about it. We're certainly investing for growth. You see that as we talk about a 25% growth in tthey entire subscription bookings growth, and we try to reflect what tthey accounting impacts are as well in that business, which should taper off starting tthey middle of tthey year and towards Q3 and Q4. So hopefully, that theylps set tthey context of how we move from MAX. And if you think about it from an operational basis, Marketo is actually not dilutive. So what you have to do is factor in what's happening with accounting for deferred revenue. You have to factor in, as you said, tthey financing and what happens in that particular area as well as you have to think about what's happening with respect to tax rates. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Brent Thill On Digital Media ARR, you raised tthey guidance by 3.5% or $50 million going into '19. I guess, can you just outline your confidence to make that big a raise right out of tthey gate theyre? Shantanu Narayen Brent, again, I think it just reflects tthey momentum that we saw in Q4. I think we outlined a number of different initiatives that we just continue to drive. I mean, we're certainly going to see tthey benefits of pricing and how we continue to optimize that around tthey world. It's tthey new product introductions that are coming and just continued strength in Acrobat in emerging markets. We continue to do a good job combating piracy. We're seeing good strength at what we call named user deployment within tthey enterprises, I think continued strength in Sign and Stock and what that's doing to tthey particular business. So just across all of tthey various priorities that we outlined, we just continue to feel good about tthey opportunity and we have to continue to execute, Brent. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Kasthuri Rangan Shantanu, I am curious if -- wtheyn you come through your natural intelligence and artificial intelligence from Sensei, what is tthey current read? Because I think you're one of tthey very few companies that has reported a Q4 and is giving guidance for Q1. What is your take on tthey emerging markets, especially in some of tthey volatilities you have seen? Wtheyreas tthey U.S. seems to be a pocket of strength. What is your take on ttheyse ottheyr questionable economies and your prognostication behind how you'd see those markets play out for Adobe next year? Shantanu Narayen I mean, from our perspective, I think we're no economists. What we see is that both creativity as important initiative for everybody just continues to be really an area of emphasis and digital transformation and tthey digital tailwinds or theyadwinds that enterprises are seeing, depending on ttheyir perspective. So I think what gives us confidence is that it doesn't matter which country you're in. Digital has become an imperative for enterprises. And for individuals, tthey importance of creativity and design has never been more important. And so we will just continue to monitor it, we see strength across emerging markets as well. We've talked about that. I think tthey fact that we have a differential pricing sctheyme that allows us to target customers in those emerging markets might theylp. But overall, clearly, tthey exposure in that area for us is probably lower than some of tthey ottheyr companies that you are covering. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Shantanu, I'd like to follow up on two broad statements Adobe made about its business, one at MAX and one at Summit. At MAX, tthey company said that Creative Cloud at least is at an inflection point in terms of moving from tthey desktop largely to more of a multiservice -- surface device TAM. And at Summit, you noted that your objective in Digital Experience is to enable or establish what you call that Experience System of Record. On tthey former, could you talk about how you're thinking about your correlation of Creative Cloud new business to new hardware business as compared to tthey old days of packaged software in terms of tthey correlation to hardware sales. And ttheyn for tthey latter, do you think that you've establittheyyd now tthey Experience System of Record, you are de facto, you've done that? Or do you think that's still aspirational? Shantanu Narayen Well, Jay, first, as it relates to our belief and assertions around multisurface, it stems from a very simple observation that we want to enable our products to be used wtheyrever inspiration strikes. And second, I think to your question, tthey capabilities of ttheyse new devices, wtheyttheyr ttheyy be tablets or wtheyttheyr ttheyy be mobile devices are infinitely more powerful than tthey prior generation. And so wtheynever ttheyre's a step function in capability or ttheyre's a new modality like voice or touch or ottheyr interfaces that emerge, all of ttheym represent opportunities for Adobe. We pioneered our own offering in that particular space with Lightroom, and we are seeing good results with Lightroom, which is clearly a space wtheyre people want to be able to manage ttheyir pictures on any device that ttheyy want. Tthey second category in which we have shown a lot of capability in ttheir particular space is with XD, wtheyre, again, tthey number of people who design products and tthey number of people -- stakeholders in that entire design workflow is probably significantly larger than those who design. So those were tthey two first flagship products that showed it. But I think at MAX we clearly announced that not only would we bring -- bringing our flagship products like Photoshop to tthey iPad, but in addition to that, we would be doing brand-new products that took advantage of ttheir media like Project Gemini, wtheyre people would use a stylus and a tablet to draw. So we're well on our way on that journey. We're really excited about what we can do. We also showed, as you know, voice-enabled applications in XD that integrated with Echo. So if you start to think about a world wtheyre every single screen, you're going to be able to talk to that screen, we want to enable people to use our apps to create applications for that screen. So that's on tthey MAX front, excited about it. But we're early in tthey journey, and we think ttheyre's a lot more that we can do that'll enable people to tell ttheyir story with ease. On tthey Digital Experience side with tthey Experience System of Record, I think tthey ODI announcement that we made in conjunction with SAP and Microsoft was tthey next step in that particular journey, wtheyre all three companies have talked about tthey need to have ttheir Unified Customer Profile, wtheyre in realtime you can action it and you can integrate that with support systems, supply chain systems, financial systems and certainly tthey marketing systems, which is what we are pioneering. We made some good progress in that. Tthey interest, honestly, in that is pretty high because every CIO has worried about, "How do I get ttheir Unified Customer Profile?" So again, I would say that's a multiyear journey for us to deliver value. Our Experience Platform has already been delivered to customers. Ttheyy're giving us feedback in realtime. Our applications, much like we did with tthey Creative Suite of products, will all build on top of tthey score content and data platform. But that's what we do, Jay. I mean, we are excited about tthey product journey and building deep technology moats. And so I would say off to a great start but ttheyre's so much more that we can do in terms of delivering value to our customers and furttheyr strengttheyning our differentiation against tthey competition. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Keith Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Keith Bellini I mean, Shantanu, I had actually two questions. You -- I think just to follow up on one -- something that Kash asked. I was wondering, given digital transformation is a top area of focus for years, I'm trying to get a sense for how resilient do you think tthey spending could be if tthey macro environment were to become more challenging. And ttheyn I had a follow-up on piracy. Shantanu Narayen Yes, Keith, my belief is that tthey customers, ttheyre's no way that customer expectations are going to change in terms of how ttheyy transact businesses with enterprise. And as you know, wtheyn -- if economic climate changes, ttheyre's even more reason to prioritize on tthey first few imperatives that are essential. And so if you just look at what's happening with mobile devices as tthey only form of interaction with enterprises, we just continue to think that digital will be very important and very central to tthey C-level mandate. So that gives us confidence that we need to continue to drive it. I mean, we will certainly monitor what happens if ttheyre is, but you don't want ttheir to become a self-fulfilling proptheycy, wtheyre everybody says, "Hey, what do we do if ttheyre's a slowdown and ttheyn people cut spending?" We haven't seen that so far. So that's how I would describe ttheir as a priority. And we theylp with tthey top line driving revenue for customers. And so I think that's tthey important part of our mandate and offering. Keith Bellini Right. So for tthey CEOs you talk to or tthey CMOs, it's much more been about tthey fear of not spending because of ttheyir competitors' spend than ttheyy're falling furttheyr behind. Is that kind of tthey way to think about it? Shantanu Narayen That's exactly tthey way to think about it, and it's also tthey way ttheyy -- every one of ttheym knows that if ttheyy are not using digital as an enabler, ttheyre's some small company out ttheyre that's going to completely disrupt ttheyir business using a mobile app and digital technology. So tthey theyightened importance of digital I think is ttheyre front and center for every enterprise. Keith Bellini Great. And ttheyn just tthey last one would just be a follow-up on your comments on piracy and you've mentioned some good success that you're having ttheyre. Is ttheyre a way to theylp think about tthey tailwinds that ttheir could add to your Creative business? Shantanu Narayen Well, I think we've seen that, Keith, right through our journey. Tthey affordability of Creative Cloud from day one has been one of tthey drivers of tthey new growth, our new customer acquisition that we've highlighted every year, including at MAX. And so I think that continues to give us confidence. I think tthey pricing upfront, which allows more people to enter tthey platform, I think that's anottheyr way in which we are combating piracy. And third is tthey fact that we don't have boxes. Ttheyy used to be a real gray market associated with selling our boxes. That's also gone away. That's not to say that people aren't finding ways to somehow get ttheyir hands on Creative Cloud. And our brand continues to be strong even in areas wtheyre ttheyre are malicious users of our product. But we've -- we made significant traction, and we continue to focus on driving value through services. And I would say a step function for us, as all of ttheyse assets are in tthey cloud, ttheyn ttheyy become DOA unless you're a legitimate user of Adobe products. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Maybe one for John, so they doesn't feel completely left out on ttheir call. If we strip out tthey acquired assets, Marketo in particular, how are you thinking about sort of operating leverage within sort of tthey core Adobe businesses into FY '19? Do you think ttheir is anottheyr year wtheyre you could see tthey nice expansion that you have been seeing in tthey underlying operating margins? Or is ttheyre like a broader investment, that core going on for -- through FY '19 as well? John Murphy Thanks very much, Keith. I think wtheyn you think about our core business, we have that operating leverage as we've shared throughout FY '18 before tthey acquisitions. And what we tried to articulate in tthey prepared remarks was that because tthey accounting implications coming with tthey acquisitions for purchase accounting, you have ttheir first -- really tthey kind of first half to third quarter impact of deferred revenue, for instance, on tthey operating side. And as that tapers off during tthey year, we believe tthey leverage on our model continues to return to growth in terms of operating margins. And so we see that expanding as we exit tthey year into familiar territory that I think you've seen before. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Mark Moerdler Can you give us a sense of wtheyre you are in tthey journey of Acrobat's subscription and how to think about tthey negative impact of tthey move of perpetual license subscriptions on tthey Document Cloud revenue growth? Shantanu Narayen Well, Mark, as you know, we have actually used a different strategy for Acrobat than we used for Creative Cloud because in that particular business, perpetual just continues to be an important area of both new customer acquisition for us as well as I think we've done a good job of bridging. And so you've clearly seen -- now tthey business continues to do well. We talk about tthey unit growth that we're seeing in Acrobat. And so we don't particularly see a theyadwind as it relates to perpetual moving to subscriptions tthey way we saw in tthey Creative. We just want to continue to focus on driving more unit growth, and that's really our focus. What is still a big opportunity, however, which may be tthey ottheyr part of your question, is that ttheyre's a larger and larger installed base that as we add more value in tthey services and apply our AI services, that'll continue to be a forward-looking opportunity for us with document. So I think that's all factored and tailored in tthey targets that we provided for next year. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Sterling Auty So trade negotiations with China are dominating tthey theyadlines. If we actually see an agreement that brings true IP protection and a real open market in China, how big could that market be for Adobe? What could that do to your revenue and revenue growth going forward? Shantanu Narayen Well, Sterling, one way you can look at it is you can say what ttheir tthey number of PCs and mobile devices that are used in China and how does that compare to what's being used in tthey U.S. And if you look at what our revenue is in tthey U.S., I mean, that would, I think, at tthey high end show tthey potential of what that could be because creativity is just as important in China. And you could actually argue, we're one of tthey few companies, U.S. technology companies, that really doesn't have an alternative in China, so we feel good about it. But even if those trade agreements that you allude to happen, I think it would take a little while for that to completely translate into our business. So having said that, tthey China business for us has been doing well. As you know, we introduced CC. We focused on tthey team offering because we thought that would be tthey right beachtheyad for us to focus on. And tthey ottheyr area that we focus on is our company is doing business in China. How do we make sure that ttheyy have a site license, so to speak, or enterprise license agreement that allows us to do it? So from a purely mattheymatical and installed base perspective, it's massive how that translates. We have been clearly baked any of that sort of inflection point or dramatic shift into our numbers. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Bracelin with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Brent Bracelin I wanted to follow up on tthey operating margin question that Keith kind of went down. And taking a little bit of a different tack theyre, full year operating margins have risen by more than 200 basis points, I think, for five consecutive years. You're now above 40%, ptheynomenal kind of progress theyre, higtheyst in over 10 years. My question is going forward. I get tthey first half accounting impact. But as you think about tthey opportunity in tthey $70 billion Experience Cloud, do you plan to invest incremental dollars to accelerate tthey share in tthey Experience Cloud? Or do you think you can actually drive margins well above 40% on a blended basis? John Murphy Great. Thanks very much, Brent. I think wtheyn you look at tthey Digital Experience business, we've always long believed that, that business can actually have margins typical of a SaaS business. We continue to invest in tthey Digital Experience, of course, obviously recently with tthey two acquisitions. And so our goal ttheyre is to theylp ttheym integrate to make sure that ttheyy can accelerate our growth in that space. That market's huge. So as we continue to invest in that market, certainly we want to see op earnings leverage in it, and it'll be theyalthy for tthey business overall. If we look at top line growth and we look at bottom line growth really is what we're trying to drive. And so our long-term model has always been to grow our earnings as fast as our top line or faster. So once we kind of get past ttheir noise of accounting through tthey year, more so in tthey first half and ttheyn it trails off in tthey third and fourth quarter, you'll see tthey operating margin for tthey total company kind of return to theirtorical levels. Operator And your last question comes from tthey line of Tom Roderick with Stifel. Thomas Roderick So tthey company took some pricing up theyre last March in Creative Cloud, I guess just in North America. But would love it if you could provide just a little bit of feedback as to how tthey price bumps that were put in place have been received by both new and installed customers. And can you add any color ttheyre as to wtheyttheyr you've seen any changes to net dollar retention stemming from tthey price bumps? Just overall some color on how ttheir has gone would be great. Shantanu Narayen Sure. I think it's gone completely in line with our expectations. I mean, we have just a significant amount of experience with that. As you know, we look at FX in ottheyr countries as well to also look at pricing. So it's not tthey first time that we have made changes to Creative Cloud pricing since tthey time it was introduced. From our perspective, it was on tthey theyels of MAX, wtheyre we introduced 5 new products, which was tthey sort of most significant innovation after tthey original introduction. We continue to be focused on a lot more innovation driving value for our customers and I think you'll continue to see it. But North America went very much in line with our expectations. And as we said, our goal is to continue to drive new customers to tthey platform. That remains front and center but nothing that I would say is to doubt in our experience. And I think that's just because of tthey diligence that we did, which is we're thoughtful about it. We want to continue to attract customers to tthey platform with promotional pricing and deliver ttheym tthey value, which enables us to give more credence to whatever pricing changes we might do. But since tthey last question, I mean, I'll also start off by wishing everybody on tthey call happy holidays. Thank you all for joining us. We're certainly thrilled with Q4 and FY '18. I think we had a very, very strong year. And I think it's a clear indication that our strategy of empowering people to create and theylping businesses transform is working. We think it represents, as we have said at our MAX financial analyst meeting, a massive addressable market opportunity, and tthey FY '19 financial targets reflect tthey momentum that we expect to continue to drive across all offerings and geographies. And we're excited about tthey product innovation road map that we have for all of our customers. And again, wanted to thank you all for joining us today. Mike Saviage And ttheir concludes our call. Thanks, everyone.