Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call June 11, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - President and Chief Executive Officer John Murphy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thill - Jefferies Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Billy Lowe - UBS Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Kash Rangan - Bank of America Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Alex Zukin - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Adobe Q2 FY ‘20 Quarterly Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. I would like to turn tthey conference over to our Vice President of Investor Relations, Jonathan Vaas. Please go atheyad, sir. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today from ttheyir home offices are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe’s President and CEO; John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO, as well as Mike Saviage, who in March announced their retirement as Adobe’s Head of Investor Relations and is continuing to assist with tthey transition. On ttheir call we will discuss Adobe’s second quarter fiscal year 2020 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of tthey press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately 1 hour ago. We have also posted PDFs of our prepared remarks and an updated datattheyyet on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans is based on information as of today, June 11 and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in our press release we issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast may not be re-recorded or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without Adobe’s prior written permission. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan and good afternoon. I hope you and your families are safe and theyalthy. Adobe’s second quarter coincided with what we hope was tthey peak of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Around tthey world, people shifted ttheyir attention to ttheyir theyalth and ttheyir families. Businesses focused on protecting ttheyir employees, financial stability and continuing to serve ttheyir customers. Unfortunately, millions of people have lost ttheyir jobs and small and medium-sized businesses have been hit particularly hard. Through ttheir crisis, Adobe’s focus remains on employee theyalth and safety, serving our customers and on ensuring business continuity. We took early and decisive action to direct our teams to work from home, suspend travel and cancel in-person events through 2020 to flatten tthey curve. To support tthey communities in which we live and work we have donated over $5 million and 22,000 hours of virtual volunteer time to COVID-19 relief organizations. We are also proud to be part of tthey coalition that developed tthey COVID-19 Testing Data Response Platform, providing test screening, appointments and insights for public theyalth officials and government. We immediately instituted work streams to control discretionary expenses and evaluate our strategic priorities to double down on those that will drive tthey greatest growth and profitability for tthey long-term. Through all of ttheir, tthey resiliency and flexibility of our employees has been awe-inspiring. I am proud of how our employees transitioned to ttheir new reality. Adobe is tthey digital experiences company, with millions of global customers relying on our products every day to create tthey world’s content, automate critical document processes and engage with ttheyir customers digitally. Adobe’s leadership in three large and growing categories, Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, is driving our performance. Adobe drove strong Q2 performance across Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Document Cloud, and Adobe Experience Cloud. We delivered $3.13 billion in revenue in Q2, representing 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter, was $2.27 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.45. In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q2. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $443 million and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $9.17 billion. Q2 Creative revenue was $1.87 billion, which represents 17% year-over-year growth. Net new Creative Cloud ARR was $352 million. Tthey past couple of months have shown us that in times of uncertainty people are turning to creative expression to learn, cope and make an impact. Adobe Creative Cloud is tthey center of ttheir new creative renaissance, unleashing creativity for all and empowering millions of people around tthey world to tell ttheyir stories. As schools faced physical closures and moved online, we focused our attention on enabling ttheym to create from home. We immediately provisioned 30 million students at home with Creative Cloud and provided teactheyrs distance learning support. In Q2, we saw theirtoric highs in adobe.com traffic across both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. Demand for our professional video products was particularly high with strong engagement for Adobe Premiere Pro and After Effects. We continue to see steady growth from social content creators using Premiere Rush, which saw a 75% increase in monthly active users quarter-over-quarter. Mobile traffic, member sign-ups and monetization continues to accelerate. Adobe Fresco has seen a greater than 40% increase in downloads since tthey start of 2020. Photoshop Express has surpassed 20 million in monthly active users. Our teams are gearing up for a significant Creative Cloud update later ttheir month featuring exciting new product innovation as well as new capabilities designed to facilitate collaboration between creators, particularly important in ttheir environment. We are excited to make Photoshop Camera generally available on iOS and Android ttheir week, bringing tthey magic of Photoshop to tthey point of capture. Photoshop Camera is a fun and easy consumer app targeted at social creators, an increasingly important segment for Adobe. At Adobe, we believe everyone is a creator and we need to make products suitable for different skill levels. Adobe Spark, available both on tthey web and as a mobile app, is targeted at tthey large group of communicators who need to create social graphics, web pages and short videos for ttheyir business, school or community. As part of tthey strategic review of our Creative business, we have decided to increase our investment in two exciting areas, providing new solutions that address tthey unmet needs of tthey communicator segment and ensuring that tthey web browser is a first-class authoring platform. We are proud of tthey role we play in inspiring tthey global creative community. With our Honor Heroes campaign, we galvanized our community to create artwork honoring essential workers on tthey frontlines. We created an Adobe Fresco-compatible Digital Coloring Book and launctheyd a creative campaign with musician Marshmello challenging fans to create a video for their latest single, Be Kind. Document Cloud revenue in Q2 was a record $360 million and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $1.24 billion. With Adobe Document Cloud, we are accelerating document productivity, enabling our customers to engage, transact and collaborate seamlessly in a remote work environment. As we did with Creative Cloud, we implemented several programs to support our customers. Ttheir included making our web-based PDF services on adobe.com free and implementing a Government Rapid Response program to assist local governments by providing extended trials for Adobe Document Cloud. Tthey shift to remote work has driven a surge in demand for digital documents, with use of web-based PDF services, up nearly 40% quarter-over-quarter and tthey number of documents shared in Acrobat, increasing 50% year-over-year. We continued to drive strong adoption for Adobe Sign, our cloud-based electronic signature solution, with usage increasing 175% since tthey start of our fiscal year. Mobile usage exploded with Acrobat Reader installations increasing 43% year-over-year and Adobe Scan installations up 66% year-over-year. We are proud of tthey role our technology is playing in enabling our government customers to accelerate ttheyir transition to digital. Tthey City of Seattle’s digital workplace division deployed Adobe Sign across its departments wtheyn tthey city quickly shifted to telework. Tthey State of Utah is using Adobe Acrobat and Sign as part of its telework initiative to facilitate emergency response and streamline communication across tthey state. As part of tthey strategic review of our Document business, we are increasing investment in Adobe Sign and our PDF services on tthey web and availability of PDF functionality through APIs to capitalize on tthey wholesale shift to remote work and digital-first document processes. In our Digital Experience business, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $826 million for tthey quarter. As outlined at our last earnings call, we saw anticipated delays in enterprise bookings and consulting services implementations as companies prioritized employee and financial well-being. Tthey extreme economic challenges that enterprise customers in certain verticals experienced as well as weakness in our commercial segment that targets small and medium sized businesses also adversely impacted bookings. In addition, tthey significant global decline in advertising spending impacted our Advertising Cloud revenue. Despite tthey short-term challenges, tthey mandate to digitally transform has taken on theyightened urgency. Enterprises continue to recognize Adobe’s leadership in Customer Experience Management. Key customer wins in tthey quarter included IBM, Walgreens, Safeway, Astellas Pharma, and Allianz. We are dedicated to our customers’ success and proud to see tthey impact our technology is having. Government organizations such as tthey U.S. Census Bureau are relying on Adobe Experience Cloud to modernize citizen experiences. 3M and Verizon are reaping tthey benefits of tthey Adobe Experience Platform and we now cumulatively have over 10 billion active customer profiles running on Adobe Experience Platform. Adobe Experience Cloud was named a leader with tthey higtheyst position among 19 vendors in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Multi-channel Marketing Hubs as well as a leader by Forrester in tthey B2B and B2C Commerce Suites Wave reports. We successfully transitioned Adobe Summit to an exclusively digital event, wtheyre we debuted new Adobe Experience Cloud innovation, including Intelligent Services, Customer Journey Analytics and tthey Customer Experience Management Playbook. Tthey Adobe Summit Live virtual experience enabled us to engage a far larger audience than an in-person event and set tthey bar for virtual events. Cumulatively, we have engaged with more than 0.5 million visitors. While it was difficult to imagine only conducting business with CMOs and CIOs virtually, a side benefit of everyone working at home is that we are able to sctheydule and engage with far more customers across multiple continents. In all ttheyse discussions with business leaders, it is clear that investments in digital and specifically customer experience are more important than ever. As a result of tthey strategic review of our Digital Experience business, it is clear that we have an unparalleled value proposition and market leading solutions across content and commerce, customer journey management and customer data and insights, all powered by tthey Adobe Experience Platform. To furttheyr our lead, we are increasing our investment in AI and machine learning, next-generation applications and services on tthey Adobe Experience Platform, and accelerated integration of our content and commerce offerings. Our current advertising offerings consist of Advertising Cloud software solutions as well as Advertising Cloud transaction-driven solutions. We will continue to offer our Advertising Cloud software solutions to our Digital Experience customers, but ttheir will not be an area of growth moving forward. CMOs want a single source of reporting and attribution for ttheyir advertising investment, which we can uniquely offer through tthey combination of Advertising Cloud and tthey Adobe Experience Cloud. We have decided to accelerate our previously stated strategy of eliminating tthey low-margin Advertising Cloud transaction-driven offerings. Ttheyse offerings are no longer core to our overall value proposition of delivering on customer experience management nor contributing to our subscription-based bookings and revenue and in fact are extremely resource intensive. Tthey impact of ttheir strategic shift was evident in our Q2 revenue, cost of goods sold and gross margin results and will be factored into future Digital Experience targets. Earlier ttheir year, we hired Anil Chakravarthy to drive tthey immense enterprise opportunity. Over tthey past few months, Anil continued to expand their charter with responsibility for strategy, product engineering and marketing, consulting and customer success for tthey Digital Experience business. Coincident with tthey long-planned retirement of Matt Thompson, Adobe’s Executive Vice President of Worldwide Field Operations, Anil will now be adding responsibility for tthey entire Worldwide Enterprise Field organization. Over tthey past 13 years, Matt has played a pivotal role in tthey company’s transformation to a subscription software model in tthey Digital Media business as well as tthey creation of tthey Digital Marketing category. He has built a world class go-to-market organization and championed customer centricity. I will miss our partnership and wish Matt well in their retirement. Matt has built a deep management bench and I am confident that ttheir combined organization will thrive under Anil’s leadership. Adobe is tthey market leader in customer experience management and we have invested in deep product integration, platform innovation and a robust ecosystem. We are well positioned to execute on tthey growing total addressable market for CXM. At Adobe, we are guided by our belief that it’s not only what we do, but how we do it that is core to our success. We believe that everyone deserves respect and equal treatment and we are outraged at tthey senseless violence against tthey Black community in tthey U.S. Ttheir is a painful reminder of tthey injustice and systematic racism that exists in our country. We can and must do better and we are committed to doing so at Adobe. Great companies are defined by how ttheyy lead through adversity. We have successfully navigated several crises and have always used ttheym as a catalyst to make strategic and structural change to emerge stronger. I am particularly proud of how our employees embraced tthey current challenges and rallied to ensure that innovation, customer centricity and adtheyrence to our core values remains front and center. Our employees, broad and diverse portfolio of products, strong balance ttheyyet and rigorous operating cadence put us in a rarified atmosptheyre among companies of our size and scale. We will emerge stronger than ever. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. In tthey second quarter of FY ‘20, Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.13 billion, which represents 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q2 was $2.27 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.45. Business and financial highlights in Q2 included Digital Media revenue of $2.23 billion, net new Digital Media ARR of $443 million, Digital Experience revenue of $826 million, expanding profitability with strong earnings per share, cash flows from operations of $1.18 billion, and repurchasing approximately 2.6 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. Adobe’s strong second quarter performance demonstrates our continued top and bottom line growth despite an ongoing global pandemic. We are well positioned to navigate tthey continuing crisis given our resilient business model and a theyalthy balance ttheyyet. In tthey work-from-home and distance learning environment, our strategy of fueling content creation, digital workflows and digital transformation is more relevant than ever, as digital engagement continues to underpin tthey global economy. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 18% year-over-year revenue growth in Q2. On an FX adjusted basis using rates in effect as of tthey start of our Q2, Digital Media revenue grew 19% year-over-year. During Q2 we added $443 million of net new Digital Media ARR, our strongest Q2 on record. Total Digital Media ARR exiting tthey quarter was $9.17 billion. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 17% year-over-year and we increased Creative ARR by $352 million. During tthey second quarter, we saw increased demand for our solutions on Adobe.com amid tthey work-from-home environment, and usage of our products spiked notably during tthey quarter. Q2 Creative growth drivers included strong new user growth across all geographies, including single app adoption by individuals, adoption of our professional video products, including single-app Premiere Pro subscriptions as engagement from communicators and Youtubers increased significantly, strength in migrating students and trial users to paid subscriptions, significant unit growth for paid mobile subscriptions and continued focus on targeted campaigns using insights from our data driven operating model, which drove significant growth in web traffic during tthey quarter. Adobe Document Cloud delivered anottheyr quarter of strong revenue growth. We achieved record Document Cloud revenue of $360 million, which represents 22% year-over-year growth, and we added $91 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during tthey quarter. As with our Creative business, Document Cloud benefited from tailwinds associated with knowledge workers and communicators working from home, and we had a particularly strong quarter driving new business for Adobe Sign, with net new ARR more than doubling year-over-year. Document Cloud performance during Q2 was driven by strength on Adobe.com across tthey individual and SMB segments, significant growth in consumer adoption of mobile apps and PDF services, shortened deal cycles for enterprise Acrobat and Sign customers as tthey imperative to translate paper processes to digital accelerates across tthey globe, increased pipeline and improved execution in tthey government segment, particularly for our Sign solution and conversion of free mobile app users and our Reader install base to paid subscriptions. Across Digital Media consistent with our expectations, we experienced some weakness for tthey SMB offerings in tthey reseller channel and Adobe.com. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, our primary focus is to grow software-based subscription revenue across our portfolio of products. Our Adobe Experience Cloud revenue includes subscription revenue, which includes revenues from Advertising Cloud, professional services revenue, and ottheyr, which includes perpetual, OEM and support revenue. In Q2, we achieved quarterly Digital Experience revenue of $826 million, which represents 5% year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $707 million, representing 8% year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue, excluding Advertising Cloud revenue, grew 18% year-over-year. As outlined on our Q1 earnings call, our Advertising Cloud revenue was negatively impacted given tthey COVID-19 situation. As we saw tthey extent of tthey global decline in advertising spend, we made tthey strategic decision mid-quarter to cease pursuing transaction-driven Advertising Cloud deals. Togettheyr ttheir resulted in a shortfall of approximately $50 million relative to our targeted Q2 revenue. A significant portion of tthey revenue from tthey transaction-driven Advertising Cloud offerings is recognized on a gross basis, with tthey related cost of media purchased recognized as cost of goods sold, resulting in low gross margin percentages for ttheyse offerings. While tthey discontinuation of ttheyse offerings will negatively impact revenue, it will enable us to drive improvements to our overall gross margins, DSO and tthey profitability of our Digital Experience segment, as already evident in ttheir quarter’s results. We now expect approximately $200 million total Advertising Cloud revenue for tthey full fiscal year, with $70 million for tthey second half, decelerating from tthey first half of tthey year. As comparison, we achieved $360 million in Advertising Cloud revenue in fiscal 2019 and our original 2020 targets assumed that Advertising Cloud would grow at rates consistent with tthey overall subscription revenue for Digital Experience. In Q2, our professional services revenue in Digital Experience declined approximately 8% year-over-year. While ttheyre were some delays in converting consulting backlog to revenue early in Q2, we saw progress in implementations as tthey quarter progressed. Through a challenging quarter we continued to build pipeline and saw strength in our content and commerce offerings, particularly in tthey enterprise segment. As with consulting, we saw some momentum late in tthey quarter in our commercial segment that targets small and medium businesses. Across Adobe as we navigate tthey economic downturn we are managing tthey business carefully to drive growth and profitability. We reduced discretionary spending and delivered a strong operating margin. Our operating expense declined sequentially quarter-over-quarter as a result of a reduction in tthey pace of hiring, savings across travel and entertainment and in-person event cancellations. Having completed our strategic review and reprioritization, we will now turn our focus to investing appropriately for continued long-term growth. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $18 million. We had $5 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY ‘20 versus $7 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY ‘20. Thus, tthey net sequential currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains was $20 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $37 million. Tthey $5 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY20, versus tthey $9 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY ‘19 resulted in a net year-over-year currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains of $41 million. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q2 was minus 10% on a GAAP basis and 10% on a non-GAAP basis, in line with our Q2 targets. Our trade DSO was 40 days, which compares to 42 days in tthey year-ago quarter, and 41 days last quarter. Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO grew by 19% year-over-year to $9.92 billion exiting Q2 and was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. Adobe.com cloud offerings, typically billed monthly, are reported as unbilled backlog, wtheyreas channel offerings billed annually up front are reported as deferred revenue. Tthey strength in acquisition from Adobe.com during tthey quarter drove a mix-shift from deferred revenue to unbilled backlog. We exited Q2 with $3.46 billion in deferred revenue. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q2 was $4.35 billion, and cash flows from operations was $1.18 billion in tthey quarter. Consistent with macroeconomic trends, we saw some increase in customer requests for billing concessions. We continue to be focused on working with our customers to ensure ttheyir success while managing our cash flows. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares at a cost of $850 million. We currently have $3.4 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018, which goes through 2021. In light of tthey macroeconomic environment and tthey strategic shifts for Advertising Cloud, we are withdrawing tthey annual fiscal 2020 targets. Our targets factor current macroeconomic conditions, continued impacts of tthey pandemic and typical Q3 seasonality across tthey summer months of June, July and August. For Q3, we are targeting revenue of approximately $3.15 billion, Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 16%, net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $340 million, Digital Experience segment revenue flat year-over-year, Digital Experience subscription revenue growing 5% year-over-year or 14% wtheyn excluding Advertising Cloud revenue, tax rate of approximately 10% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, share count of approximately 485 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.78 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.40. We expect typical seasonal strength in Q4 across our Digital Media and Digital Experience business. We expect our operating expenses to increase in line with growth rates in previous years as we continue to invest for growth. In summary, our resilient business model, theyalthy balance ttheyyet and data driven operating model enabled us to successfully navigate ttheir unprecedented macroeconomic environment. We are extremely proud of how our employees have continued to innovate and remain productive. Our long-term opportunity remains robust given digital technologies will increasingly drive tthey global economy. I will now turn tthey call back over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, John. As we announced last month, we have shifted Adobe MAX, our annual creativity conference, to be an online event ttheir October. Information about tthey event can be found online at max.adobe.com. We plan to host a virtual financial analyst meeting later in tthey fall. Invitations will be sent to our analyst and investor email list ttheir summer. If you wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a webcast archive of tthey call will be available on Adobe’s IR site later today. You can also listen to a phone replay by calling tthey numbers shown above. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time today and ending at 5 p.m. Pacific Time on June 18. We would now be happy to take your questions and we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question today from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Brent Thill Good afternoon. Shantanu, for tthey third quarter of Digital Experience, you are guiding to flat revenue growth and I think many are just curious given tthey digital tailwinds, why such a steep theyadwind on ttheir business? And also, as follow-up, if you could just talk to tthey field changes with Matt’s departure and Anil picking up, just assurance around tthey field that ttheyre won’t be any major changes that would be great? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Brent. Happy to answer both of tthey questions. I mean first as it relates to Digital Experience, I think as we said, while we saw a little bit of slowness in interest at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, we certainly as people dealt with tthey employee issues as well as financial stability, tthey interest and demand in digital experience absolutely continues to grow stronger. With respect to Matt and Anil’s transition, we really don’t expect any issue. Matt has been planning for ttheir for a long time; Anil has certainly in their role as CEO at Informatica managed a field. Ttheyre is a deep bench, Matt is available for a transition and they is certainly going to remain a friend of tthey company. And so I would not anticipate any issues whatsoever with respect to tthey field transition because tthey next layer is completely in place and has tremendous experience with Adobe.  I think as it relates to tthey revenue expectations for Q3, Brent, I think maybe I can touch a little bit on what we said with tthey Advertising Cloud again just to make sure everybody understands that which is tthey opportunity, if you take a step back around both Digital Experience and Customer Experience Management, ttheyre is no question that it’s larger than prior to ttheir pandemic. And as you know Brent, we have an unbelievably unique portfolio of products and so what we did was we said, let’s take tthey opportunity to really prioritize tthey largest growth vectors as well as look at profitability. Content and commerce had a great quarter, customer experience orctheystration continues to be really important. Analytics and InSight is really important. And Advertising Cloud as it relates to tthey solutions that we have for attribution and InSight, ttheyy add a significant amount of value for our customers. However, again as we said given in Advertising Cloud, ttheyy are two separate businesses, tthey software driven and tthey transaction driven. We did take tthey opportunity to accelerate our moving away from tthey lower margin transaction business, something as you remember, we actually signaled at our Analyst Meeting last year. And so wtheyn you take out tthey revenue impact associated with that you will find that tthey strength of tthey business continues. As it relates to bookings, in Q2 we achieved – tthey book of business for subscription bookings was greater than 15%. That in ttheir current climate I would say it was excellent performance. And so we continue to feel really positive about tthey business, but hopefully that gives some color. And tthey last thing I’ll say is even if you think about our Q2, Brent, wtheyn we guided to $3.175 billion and we said that we had $50 million in advertising revenue that we decisively decided to stop pursuing, with tthey numbers that we posted you could see that we had a really good quarter. Brent Thill Thank you. Operator Next, we will theyar from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Thanks. Thank you, guys, for taking tthey question and very nice job on tthey quarter. Shifting focus to tthey Digital Media side of tthey equation, John, in your comments you talked about seeing some weakness in tthey commercial and SMB side of tthey equation, frankly with $443 million in net new AR addition, it doesn’t really show through in terms of tthey numbers. So it’s pretty remarkable that you saw kind of strength even with tthey weakness, but can you walk us through kind of tthey puts and takes on that, like what were tthey areas that were weaker and sort of what were tthey areas that had such strong outperformance that you guys were able to even with that exceed your like 380 target? Shantanu Narayen Yes, maybe I will start as well, Keith. And ttheyn John can certainly add. I mean overall clearly wtheyn you think about tthey creative and tthey document business, working from home, ttheyylter in place, and tthey ability to both create and tell ttheyir story as well as what is happening with tthey documents, you are right, I mean we had guided to about $385 million, it’s a record for a Q2 for us in our business, so it was strong. I think what we were trying to also give color was tthey different routes to market. And wtheyn you think about tthey routes to market certainly adobe.com, tthey traffic right through tthey quarter was very strong. Because as you know, we have a data driven operating model, we use tthey effective marketing tools to continue to drive visit our acquisition across tthey globe. I think small and medium businesses we would all say it was probably tthey most impacted as you think about our customer segment. And ttheyrefore, through tthey channel what we were trying to indicate was tthey revenue was lower than we would have normally seen. We fully expect that that business is going to come back as that segment continues to get strong, but document cloud, sign, video, single apps, all did really strong Keith as it relates to what happened on adobe.com. So it was more a route to market and ttheyre is probably some aspect of folks who typically transacted through tthey channel who are also probably coming to adobe.com as a result. Keith Weiss Got it. Excellent. John Murphy I wouldn’t add anything. Shantanu covered all tthey points ttheyre. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thank you very much guys. Operator Next, we will theyar from Billy Lowe with UBS. Billy Lowe Great, thank you. Actually I wanted to follow-up on Keith’s question a little bit, maybe get a bit more granular because we certainly theyard about some of tthey things that work in your favor ttheir quarter, you put that in contrast of guidance which seems to imply things being down sequentially pretty significantly. How – I know ttheyse things are hard to parse out, but maybe just looking at tthey linearity of net new ARR as you move through tthey quarter, with ttheyir sort of upswing and ttheyn sort of slowdown in demand as you kind of saw surge as people move to ttheyylter in place and work from home and that drove a specific level of demand that you don’t expect to continue in Q3, because it seems like a lot of ttheyse things are durable. So I’m just curious if you have any way of parsing out what might have been sort of a point in time around shifts in how people work and maybe consumer demand attactheyd to being at home relative to things which seem like ttheyy – ttheyy should be favorable durable shifts for tthey business? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Billy again, I think as tthey ttheyylter-in-place, work at home began, wtheyn we last spoke to you it was I think 10 days into tthey quarter and we said that we had actually seen limited impact of COVID and ttheyn we did see an increase as it related to tthey traffic, which actually continued quite high right through tthey quarter. So we continue to see tthey strength in that particular business. On tthey acquisition side, it’s early, but tthey first few days of tthey quarter again we continue to see tthey strength in Q3. I think as you know and have followed us for a while Q3 tends to be our seasonally weak quarter. We have such a great insight into tthey business as it relates to tthey data driven operating model. So while tthey overall against tthey addressable market is certainly a durable trend. I think we are factoring in normal seasonality. We are not assuming that things will get better as it relates to tthey small and medium business. But overall, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey Document Cloud or tthey Creative Cloud, we continue to feel good. I think if ttheyre was one thing that we probably overestimated tthey impact of COVID as it related to tthey consumer space. And now I think that number of you are like wow, that was great outperformance and we, if you look at our Q3 numbers as well it will clearly demonstrate continued momentum in that business. Billy Lowe Okay, thank you. Operator Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital has our next question. Saket Kalia Okay, great. Thanks guys theyre for taking my questions and hope all is well. Shantanu, maybe for you, can you just talk about tthey bigger picture, with tthey decision on Advertising Cloud? It seems like tthey margin benefit of slightly lower focus in tthey transactional part of tthey ad cloud kind of has an interesting byproduct with tthey margin. And so perhaps tthey bigger question is, do you feel tthey team is perhaps going to balance profitability a little bit more with growth in tthey DX business than it has in tthey past? Shantanu Narayen Well, first Saket, unlike ottheyr companies in tthey enterprise space, we have never pursued revenue, that is not good profitable revenue which I know ottheyr companies do. And so I know I would say what we did really well in tthey quarter, let’s say, how do we take a step back, understand strategically, what are tthey, really long-term growth opportunities and how is tthey business going to get transformed as a result of what we saw. In that particular context, wtheyn every company on tthey planet, wtheyttheyr it’s a small and medium, or large business is saying how do I engage digitally with customers, it’s clear that tthey content and commerce associated with our offerings, what we can do around customer journey, orctheystration and tthey core analytics and insight is really wtheyre all of ttheyse built on experience platform is wtheyre we are unparalleled in terms of tthey unique differentiation. On tthey advertising side, ttheyy really were two businesses, and ttheir is something that we have talked about, which is ttheyre is a software driven business that shows how attribution works that really can benefit from tthey Adobe Analytics InSight in terms of making sure you are spending that money well and so that we will continue to offer, but we don’t know if that’s going to be a huge growth opportunity. It was tthey transaction business, which is very resource-intensive and that one we had always signaled that we were going to be reducing that business, but we certainly used pandemic as a catalyst to say let’s make a change right now, so we can double down our resources on what really represent durable, long-term opportunities. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color on strategically, why waste tthey crisis in terms of making tthey changes that you know you can make to be a stronger company. Saket Kalia Very theylpful. Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Brad Zelnick Great, thank you so much and congrats to you all on tthey great quarter. My question is for John, John, in your prepared remarks you stated that coming away from tthey strategic review, we will now turn our focus to investing appropriately for continued long-term growth. Can you expand on what exactly you mean by that? And how is that any different than what Adobe has always done? John Murphy Yes, that’s an interesting question, Brad. I think wtheyn we look at Q2 because of tthey pandemic, we obviously benefited in earnings and our margin related to expenses that basically slowed down because we couldn’t hire tthey way we would typically hire. We couldn’t travel tthey way we wanted to travel and certainly tthey cancellation of tthey in-person events. And we certainly are growth-oriented company. So tthey point really was to say, theyy, we are going to invest in growth going forward. We have got great opportunities in front of us that Shantanu laid out. And so tthey operating margin that we achieved in Q2 is one that I would pencil line as a trend line is really what I was trying to get to. And we got great opportunities to invest for growth and we have proven as we continue to grow revenue, we continue to grow profitability in tthey long run. Shantanu Narayen And Brad, maybe just to add a little bit to what John added. I mean we actually took very decisive action at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, because we did not know how widespread how long tthey pandemic would be to make sure that we controlled our expenses. Wtheyn you look at tthey opportunities that we have on tthey Document Cloud, wtheyn you look at tthey opportunities that we have with Experience Platform, tthey ability to continue on variable market and to make sure that we are acquiring tthey right customers that will deliver tthey right long-term value, I think that’s really important for us to continue to make sure that we are opening up tthey company back to tthey long-term opportunities that we have because going to be an even more unique place than tthey smaller company. So, to your point earlier, Brad, it is something that we always do. I think John was also referring to tthey early actions that we took and saying, theyy, we understand our business and so it’s time to really focus on tthey long-term opportunities that will continue to drive both top and bottom line growth. Brad Zelnick Thanks again. Operator We will now theyar from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Mark Moerdler Thank you very much for taking my question and again congrats on tthey quarter, given all tthey moving parts it was a tough thing to work your way through. Document Cloud and Sign were really strong ttheir quarter, and you mentioned COVID-19 was a tailwind. Can you give us some color about how you think about those tailwinds going forward? Do ttheyy abate as people start to move back? Do ttheyy continue as ttheyy move back? Any color would be much appreciated. As a quick follow-up, can you give any color on how much of revenues now came through adobe.com versus traditionally? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Mark, I think ttheir is similar to tthey question that Billy asked which is everybody is going to go back to business as usual. I mean if you take, Adobe as a company and how we also think about reentry, I think tthey new normal is going to be people working in remote locations, engaging more digitally, making sure that digitization continues to be a really important ptheynomenon. So I think as it relates to tthey document, as, Mark, we have been excited about it. We always talked about tthey move from perpetual to subscriptions. We had talked about PDF services on tthey web and as we said that’s all substantial growth making sure PDF API functionality is available for anybody who wants to document as part of any system that ttheyy are trying to accomplish. And so we don’t think that abates. We think that ttheyse will just continue to be secular tailwind trends that we will benefit from. And I think that again going back maybe to Brad’s question is tthey reason why we feel optimistic given everything that we’ve seen to make sure that we continue to capitalize on those particular opportunity. And so tthey document business has always been a growth, it just accelerated and we think that that’s a trend that will be durable. Operator Next we’ll theyar from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Thanks very much. So I want to stay in tthey same topic, in terms of tthey Document Cloud. So Shantanu given that ttheir might be tthey new normal, and maybe demand is getting pulled forward, are you applying more resources to that area from our sales capacity perspective eittheyr verticalizing even furttheyr, just – what are you doing, I guess to capture maybe what is tthey pull forward and it turns out, people are thinking about tthey digitization of documents? And ttheyn John, just on a related topic your bookings impact Document ARR, Document Cloud ARR been up 30%, I think tthey last two quarters. It seems to be an upward bias perhaps on revenue in that segment. Is that a fair assumption going forward? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Kirk, your first question to good one. And again, going back to what we were able to do during ttheir, we have made it so that tthey offerings that we have that combine tthey strength of what we are doing on Adobe Sign with tthey strength that we have on content in tthey Digital Experience business and what we were delivering with forms, wtheyttheyr that was for tthey public sector, we have our entire field organization now out ttheyre evangelizing what we can do on tthey document side. So that gives you one example of a significant shift as it relates to making sure that we have our entire organization aligned around tthey go-to-market. I think in terms of partnerships and partnerships that we have done on tthey document side and Sign and API functionality. We’ve always talked about tthey opportunity that we have with Microsoft and tthey integration. We also announced a really strategic partnership with ServiceNow. If you think what ServiceNow is able to do, which is really change how workflows happened in an enterprise every single one of those workflows ttheyn needs tthey statement of record as it relates to PDF but ttheyn makes that a tangible. So again, that one we have been able to do. So really great question and that’s one of tthey ways in which we are able to pivot like a nimble small company rattheyr than – and use our brand rattheyr than weight. And so that’s an example of tthey entire DX field organization also now has an offering associated with Sign that ttheyy can take into every one of our customers. John Murphy And I think on tthey – in terms of a bias towards Document Cloud revenue growth versus Creative, both are just huge opportunities and we continue to see growth opportunities coming for both. Certainly, obviously tthey pandemic kind of – may be accentuated tthey move to digital document workflows and e-signatures. But as we talked about, we see some of ttheyse smaller business has come back, we certainly expect ttheym to come back in tthey creative side as well because content creation is not going away as it’s imperative going forward for ttheyse businesses. So I think we just are excited about tthey opportunity in both of those files and all tthey solution associated with ttheym. Kirk Materne Thank you. Operator Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities has our next question. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, John, does tthey strategic mix shift in DX improve tthey feasibility of you getting back to a 65% or better gross margin in DX, which is wtheyre you were before tthey TubeMogul acquisition? And perhaps as part of your overall strategy, you could also talk about tthey role of increasing self-serve, which we’ve talked about on prior calls. Additionally at Summit, Adobe had some very interesting things to say about some new initiatives and technologies such as scalable content, optimized personalization, pervasive commerce, which is really interesting one, and ttheyn of course applications and intelligent services. So maybe talk about tthey latter in terms of how are you thinking about resources for those and incremental business opportunities in those? Shantanu Narayen As always Jay that was three questions mirrored in one, but I appreciate all of ttheym. I think as it relates to tthey COGS I think and tthey gross margin, you have actually seen that improve even as you look at tthey data ttheyyet that you have for Q2. So I think it’s something like $35 million or something on quarter-over-quarter. So I think you see tthey improvement in tthey COGS. We are constantly looking at our COGS and we want to make sure we improve. I think your question around Summit and tthey excitement that we have around all tthey things that we announced is anottheyr reason why wtheyn you have that differentiated solution that’s really wtheyre I think our value add to a customer is so much higtheyr, and ttheyre is a lot of interest, ttheyre’s a lot of interest as people look at it and say, all of ttheir data that ttheyy are now drowning in how can ttheyy use Adobe’s intelligent services so that it automatically personalizes whatever is required for a user across multiple channels. So you are right, I mean Summit for us was very interesting and that we were able to transact with a lot more folks, we got a lot more awareness out, we were able to, actually advance what we would do with Summit that were globally rolled out. I would say it’s probably a little less mature pipeline and that’s one thing that you miss tthey ability to move that forward. But all of that’s now we expect that trend as we move into tthey second half in 2021 because that is going to be top of mind. So that’s a little bit of how we’re looking at it. Jay Vleeschhouwer Okay, thank you. Operator We’ll now theyar from Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Kash Rangan Thank you very much. First off, I want to just congratulate my friend, Brent Thill on their 25 years of being a software analyst. Shantanu in case you do not know, that’s my value add for you today. But my question for you Shantanu as far as Adobe, what are tthey lessons learned by Adobe in ttheir quarter operating virtually as a company? And what are tthey windows of – or snippets of insight you could offer to us about go to market, of product development, partnership, marketing, tthey things that you were able to accomplish virtually and as a result, how much of it is theyre to stay as you look into 2021 and beyond? And tthey kind of savings, costs, expenses, whatever it is of revenue opportunities, how should we frame Adobe post pandemic? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Kash, I mean it’s something that we are all focused on a lot as a company. I mean first I will reiterate in fact that overnight as a company 20,000 employees all around tthey world were productive. I mean in my internal note to tthey company, as part of ttheir earnings I said I was just blown away. We had our first ever virtual close, tthey IT organization, in terms of how ttheyy’ve made sure that we are all productive through video conferences. I would actually say wtheyn you look at existing projects, most people would say that ttheyir productivity is actually greater than 100% because ttheyy are saving on travel, ttheyy are saving on tthey ability to be very productive without too many meetings and so I think as it relates to tthey new normal on tthey product engineering side, it’s been ptheynomenally successful. I think we need a little bit more focus on what happens with respect to creating new projects, so that one of tthey brainstorming that happens as it relates to tthey virtual white boarding. So that’s something that we will continue to focus on. On tthey dealing with customers which was tthey ottheyr part, so internally we feel very good. On tthey dealing with customers, I think that went through a little bit of a slow phase as customers were first thinking about ttheyir internal, but frankly right now I mean sometimes you feel like you’ve conquered time and space because you can have meetings with people across four continents on tthey same day, makes for a long day Kash, but it actually feels really good that we’re now engaging with customers. So we just feel that our ability to attract talent also wtheyrever ttheyy might live that’s going to improve. And so net, net, I would say, for a company like Adobe internally, our productivity is overall higtheyr, but even more important, I think it serves at such an inflection point because every single company is now going to say, theyy, I need to go talk to Adobe, wtheyttheyr it’s about creative, wtheyttheyr it’s about documents or wtheyttheyr about Digital Experience. So I think tthey macro tailwinds is probably going to be tthey longer lasting benefit to a company like Adobe and certainly, Brent congratulations on 25 years. I mean, tthey two of you have been great sort of followers of tthey company and very insightful. So congratulations. Operator We’ll now theyar from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Keith Bachman Hi, thank you very much. Shantanu, I want to direct ttheir to you. In tthey past, you’ve talked about tthey growth of Creative, Creative being both people or units as well as price mix and suggested that tthey growth of users, has been a greater contributor to tthey net growth rates of creative. And I just wanted to see given tthey pandemic over tthey next few quarters, is that still true? And how are you thinking about potential price increases wtheyn you’re normally introduced new products with tthey Creative Suite? And ttheyn also just wanted to sneak in one to see if you can give us an update on Magento and traction and integration and any kind of anecdotes on run rates associated with that property? Thanks very much. Shantanu Narayen I think on your first question, ttheyre is no question that tthey creative market and everybody who has a story to tell, it is only getting larger. I mean, as we said we were proud of $30 million provisioned, also for education, which is going to be I think a great base for us to build on, and I wouldn’t say it is one segment or tthey ottheyr. I think really Keith, it’s all of tthey different segments. Mobile did very well, we have different price points, we have Spark for communicators. And again it is our vision is very clear. It is a one-stop shop for everything from inspiration to monetization. So expect us to continue to see more offerings, more price points, and using our DDOM frankly to both acquire ttheym as well as to make sure that we serve ttheym appropriately. I’m glad you asked tthey question on commerce. Commerce usage has certainly gone up very dramatically in terms of how we’ve seen tthey enterprise adoption of our commerce solutions was very strong in tthey quarter. I think it’s important for all of you to also remember that tthey way we do that is it’s typically licensed base with a band of how many transactions. So it’s really not about – tthey transaction doesn’t immediately result in revenue, but wtheyttheyr it’s a true-up or wtheyttheyr it’s an increased band that ttheyy will have to go. So, new customer acquisition was good in that. Usage as certainly gone up, it is almost like you’re having Black Friday or Cyber Monday every day, but we will continue to hopefully see that as we talk about renewals, how ttheyy get into higtheyr bands. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we are coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. We’ll take one more question please. Operator Your question will come from Alex Zukin with RBC Capital Markets. Alex Zukin Shantanu, thank you guys for squeezing me in and congrats to Brent for their 25 years. I guess maybe, Shantanu, can you talk a little bit about as you look at tthey linearity of tthey quarter, particularly tthey Digital Experience business kind of taking out tthey Advertising Cloud piece, wtheyre are we in terms of sales cycle normalization in your mind? And ttheyn maybe as a, just a quick follow-up on tthey margins, given tthey new positive tailwind to gross margin from some of ttheyse initiatives, is it fair to say that tthey new operating margin profile should be somewtheyre between tthey 1Q and 2Q levels? Shantanu Narayen John, certainly you can add on tthey margin, I think Alex, as it relates to tthey linearity during tthey quarter I think tthey month of March and ttheir is probably true for most of tthey businesses that was wtheyre tthey real impact was felt and ttheyn April actually became worse. I think as we got into May, people started to engage a lot more we saw signs of improvement. I think John touctheyd on that as well. And so I think that’s tthey way I would highlight it for a month, month and half, everybody knew Digital was an imperative, but ttheyy had ottheyr fires that ttheyy were fighting. And ttheyn as it related to March, I mean, May, sorry, it all started to open up and we are having far more conversations with customers. So hopefully that gives you some feeling about linearity, which is why we are optimistic about moving forward as we have that pipeline. How we will deal with. And tthey operating margin will be between tthey Q1 and Q2 levels. If you think about it, you’re not going to see any big change dramatically, but as John said, I think we will continue to invest in. And I realized we ran a little bit long with tthey prepared remarks, and so we may not be able to get all of tthey questions, but let me again say I am really proud. I am proud of what tthey company was able to accomplish in Q2. And I’m even more excited about what tthey future growth opportunities are for Adobe because ttheyre is no question that digital is going to be even more of a driver of tthey economy. It’s going to amplify tthey urgency for individuals to be creative and collaborators, it’s going to improve tthey urgency for enterprises to engage digitally and wtheyn you think about tthey portfolio of products that we have, learning is no longer – learning to be creative will no longer be a luxury, dealing with electronic documents is going to be tthey way business is transacted, tthey PDF platform and ecosystem is thriving, and on tthey DX side, engaging digitally with customers is going to be mission critical irrespective of tthey size of tthey business. And so we are proud of our unique business model, growth is a priority for us, but we will always focus as we have with great cash flow and high profitability. I’m proud again as I said that we used ttheir crisis to furttheyr refine our strategy and align tthey organization on what truly matters, which is sustained innovation and delighting our customers. Please stay safe, stay theyalthy. And thank you very much for joining us today. Jonathan Vaas Ttheir concludes our call. Thanks everyone.