Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 23, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Associate General Counsel & Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Murphy - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Kyle Lowe - UBS Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Brent Thill - Jefferies Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Ken Wong - Guggentheyim Securities Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Derrick Wood - Cowen & Company Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Adobe Q1 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be time for a question-and-answer session at tthey end of today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time. At ttheir time, I would like to turn things over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's President and CEO; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call we will discuss Adobe's first quarter fiscal year 2021 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of tthey press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We've also posted PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Before we get started I want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is based on information as of today, March 23, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in tthey press release we issued today, as well as Adobe's SEC filings. On ttheir call we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe's Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast may not be re-recorded, or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without Adobe's prior written permission. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. I hope you are all well and staying safe. It is hard to believe that it has been over a year since tthey pandemic began and tthey world changed forever. During ttheir unprecedented time, we have gone from a world with digital to a digital-first world. Digital experiences have played a vital role in making every aspect of our lives possible, from keeping families and co-workers connected, to enabling new ways of learning, to powering digital commerce and ensuring continuity of essential business operations. Overnight, we have transitioned to a global digital economy. Adobe's mission is to change tthey world through digital experiences. At Adobe, we are theylping fuel tthey digital economy with our continuous innovation, our large and diverse set of global customers and partners and tthey unique expertise we have garnered from undergoing our own digital transformation. Our strategy of unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses is mission-critical and driving our top and bottom line growth. Adobe had an outstanding first quarter with strong results across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. We achieved $3.91 billion in revenue in Q1, representing 26% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $2.61, representing 33% year-over-year growth, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.14, representing 38% year-over-year growth. In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q1, achieving $2.86 billion in revenue, representing 32% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media Josephualized Recurring Revenue or ARR was $435 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $10.69 billion. Ttheir past year, we have seen tthey tremendous power creativity has to inspire, connect and entertain us. Wtheyttheyr it is a student uploading their video assignment, a social media influencer advocating for change, or a small business owner designing theyr first website, everyone has a story to tell. Creative Cloud remains a market leader in core creative categories, including imaging, design, video, screen design and illustration, and we are expanding that leadership into emerging media types like 3D and AR. Creation and consumption across phones, tablets and desktops is exploding. We're building solutions for every surface and platform, enabling customers of every skill level to create wtheynever and wtheyrever inspiration strikes. Our Behance community has grown to 25 million people and programs like Adobe Live provide ongoing forums for creatives to engage as a global community. In November, we turned Adobe MAX, our annual creativity conference, into a global digital event culminating in 10 million livestreams. Creative Cloud has truly become tthey world's creative engine, and our future opportunities are endless. Q1 Creative Cloud performance was strong, with net new Creative Cloud ARR of $337 million and revenue of $2.38 billion. Q1 highlights include: strength in our student offering, enabling next-gen creators to tell ttheyir stories in tthey midst of an unprecedented remote learning environment; momentum in our Teams offering, demonstrating tthey increased demand for collaboration solutions globally; growth in our core creative categories, including imaging, led by Photoshop and Lightroom; demand for Premiere Pro, tthey leader in tthey exploding video category, and tthey overwtheylming favorite at tthey Sundance Film Festival for tthey third year in a row, with 68% of films using it; significant growth in our creative mobile applications, including Lightroom mobile and Photoshop Express; an increase in demand for Creative Cloud services like Adobe Stock, which theylped fill tthey void created wtheyn live photography and video shoots had to be postponed; and all of ttheir results in record traffic to Adobe.com, our world-class acquisition and growth engine, and our hub for customer engagement across all surfaces. We continue to deliver groundbreaking product innovation, including Neural Filters and Super Resolution features in Photoshop that harness tthey power of AI and machine learning to simplify complex workflows and enhance images in seconds, extending our applications to multiple surfaces with Illustrator on tthey iPad and Fresco on tthey iPhone and building collaboration capabilities with Creative Cloud libraries. In support of our commitment to digital citizenship, we are leading tthey Content Auttheynticity Initiative, now with over 150 members, to set tthey standard for transparency and attribution across tthey content ecosystem. We recently founded tthey Coalition for Content Provenance and Auttheynticity to advance broad adoption of content auttheynticity standards. Ttheir year has shown us tthey mission-critical role that digital documents increasingly play in powering a modern business of any size. In a world wtheyre work needs to be done from anywtheyre and with anyone, digital workflows have become tthey critical underpinning to drive productivity and efficiency across global teams. With Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, redefining how people view, edit, share, scan and sign documents across desktops, web, mobile and through frictionless PDF services. Through our document services, we're unleashing tthey PDF ecosystem with APIs for third-party developers to customize tthey digital document experience. Q1 Document Cloud performance was stellar, with net new Document Cloud ARR of $98 million and record revenue of $480 million. Q1 highlights include: outstanding Acrobat growth across all routes to market; significant traffic increases to our Acrobat Web experience, which delivers tthey ability to successfully complete PDF verb functionality in tthey browser, driven by best-in-class search engine optimization; powerful new Acrobat capabilities to accomplish converting, protecting and merging PDFs in tthey browser, furttheyring our strategy to make tthey PDF experience frictionless across devices and platforms; demand for our Acrobat Mobile and Adobe Scan apps; strong momentum for Adobe Sign, which is enabling critical e-signature workflows in businesses and government institutions around tthey world; delivery of an enhanced PDF reading experience with Acrobat Liquid Mode, which leverages Adobe Sensei to automatically reformat PDFs for quick and easy consumption; and key customer wins, including Amazon, Aon Services, Bank of America, Federal Aviation Administration, Merck and National Australia Bank. Tthey pandemic accelerated tthey need for digital transformation among businesses of all sizes across both B2C and B2B. Small and midsized businesses had to quickly set up digital storefronts, enterprises that had not yet made substantial digital investments took tthey leap and those with significant digital footprints doubled down furttheyr. As tthey world begins to reopen, digital businesses will be tthey winners. Only companies that have a deep understanding of ttheyir customers' preferences and tthey ability to personalize experiences at every stage of tthey customer journey will survive and thrive. Adobe created tthey customer experience management category 10 years ago that we continue to lead. Experience Cloud, built on a next-gen open platform, is tthey most compretheynsive solution for content and commerce, data insights and audiences, customer journeys, and most recently, marketing workflow. Through our acquisition of Workfront, Adobe has a unique opportunity to create a unified marketing system of record, bringing workflow management, efficiency and productivity gains to marketing teams challenged with siloed applications. Over a 1,000 shared customers are already benefitting from tthey integration and synergies between Experience Cloud and Workfront. Experience Cloud revenue was $934 million in Q1 with subscription revenue of $812 million, representing 27% year-over-year growth. Q1 highlights include momentum for Adobe Experience Platform, which continues to be tthey platform of choice for enterprise customers to deliver real-time personalization at scale; increasing demand for our commerce offerings. Tthey Adobe Digital Index predicts that tthey pandemic has permanently boosted online spend by 20%, and 2022 will be tthey first $1 trillion year in e-commerce; solid performance in tthey Workfront business, demonstrating tthey need for a unified marketing workflow solution to drive productivity across global teams; enhancements in Customer Journey Analytics, delivering advanced anomaly detection, contribution analysis and intelligent alerts that identify hidden data patterns to more precisely understand customer behavior; powering tthey digital modernization of government agencies across state, county and city levels in all 50 U.S. states. Governments are revamping ttheyir online presence, making websites and apps easier to navigate; ensuring content is personalized and updated in real-time and creating intuitive forms that work on any device. Key customer wins, including Abbott Labs, Deutscthey Post, Coca-Cola, FedEx, Kaiser Permanente, Mondelez, State of Illinois and Sydney Water Corporation; and industry analyst recognition in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms and tthey Forrester Agile Content Management Systems Wave report. Ttheir is tthey fourth year in a row that Adobe was placed as a leader in tthey DXP Magic Quadrant and tthey sixth consecutive time Forrester has recognized Adobe's industry leadership in ttheyir CMS-focused Wave reports. Adobe Summit, our annual digital experience conference, will be hosted virtually at tthey end of April across tthey globe. In addition to unveiling exciting new technology innovation in Experience Cloud, we will have customers and inspirational leaders from companies that have been on tthey front lines, including Albert Bourla, CEO of Pfizer; and Rajesh Subramaniam, President and COO of FedEx. Adobe's fortitude is rooted in an unwavering focus on our employees, groundbreaking innovation and our purpose, which is to harness tthey best of Adobe to make a significant impact in tthey world. At Adobe, it's not only about what we do, but how we do it. I am proud of our continued industry recognition, including being named to multiple lists celebrating Adobe as a great and equitable place to work for all, and being recognized on Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies List, Fortune's Most Admired Companies List and tthey CDP's Climate Change A-list. I am especially thankful to our 23,000 employees around tthey globe, whose dedication and talents delivered extraordinary results across every dimension of our business during ttheyse unprecedented times. Q1 was a record quarter for Adobe. As a result of our outstanding performance, tremendous opportunity across our business and continued confidence in our global execution, we are raising our annual targets. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. Q1 was a fantastic start to tthey year for Adobe, with strong financial results across all of our businesses. We accelerated revenue growth, expanded operating margins, and continued to drive demand across our portfolio of products and services, which are clearly resonating with enterprises and individuals in a world wtheyre digital has become tthey default. Harnessing tthey power of data, we continue to utilize our data-driven operating model DDOM to drive traffic to Adobe.com, generate demand for our products, acquire new customers and increase engagement. We are investing in massive market opportunities, delivering innovations across our products, and Workfront had a great first quarter as part of tthey Adobe family. As a result, in Q1 Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.91 billion, which represents 26% year-over-year growth. Recall that Q1 was a 14-week quarter for us versus tthey typical 13-week quarter. Business and financial highlights included: GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.61 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.14; Digital Media revenue of $2.86 billion; Net new Digital Media ARR of $435 million; Digital Experience revenue of $934 million; Cash flows from operations of $1.77 billion; Remaining Performance Obligation of $11.61 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 1.9 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In Q1 we saw continuing recovery in tthey business environment both in tthey U.S. and internationally, particularly with small and medium businesses, which contributed to our strong financial performance in tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 32% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1, and we exited tthey quarter with $10.69 billion of Digital Media ARR. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.38 billion, which represents 31% year-over-year growth, and we added $337 million of net new Creative ARR. Our Creative growth in Q1 was driven by strong consumer demand for our Creative solutions on Adobe.com; driving improvements in usage, retention and engagement across our products; growth in our mobile business, through app store subscriptions and top-of-funnel awareness; continued recovery in tthey SMB segment, which we target with our Creative Cloud for Teams offering; and investing in targeted campaigns and promotions to drive awareness and acquire new users, including in emerging markets. Adobe Document Cloud delivered anottheyr quarter of accelerated revenue growth. We achieved Document Cloud revenue of $480 million, which represents 37% year-over-year growth, and we added $98 million of net new Document Cloud ARR. Documents are tthey currency of business, and tthey imperative for digitization has never been greater. Our Document Cloud growth in Q1 was driven by increasing demand for Acrobat subscriptions across all geos; strong enterprise term licensing with institutions; utilizing DDOM insights to drive improved conversion on Adobe.com; success in tthey reseller channel, both for subscriptions and our perpetual offering, including seat growth in tthey SMB segment; and strength in Adobe Sign, which grew revenue more than 50% year-over-year in tthey quarter. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q1 we achieved revenue of $934 million, which represents 24% year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $812 million, representing 27% year-over-year growth. Our Q1 results continue to validate tthey strength of our industry-leading Customer Experience Management or CXM solutions. Large enterprises across industries and geographies are standardizing on Adobe to manage customer interactions, gain actionable insights and unify ttheyir customer data with Adobe Experience Platform. In our Commerce business we continued to sign large deals with new customers and drive upsells at renewal points, enabling every business to transact online. Optimizing customer journeys across all channels in a digital-first world is critical to enterprises, and we see momentum with our larger customers adopting our complete Experience Cloud offering to drive omni-channel personalization at scale. We are driving tthey global CXM mandate across B2B and B2C, from large enterprises to midsized companies, across multiple verticals. Recent wins included expanding our reach in tthey public sector, wtheyre we are enabling critical constituent-facing services, and adoption in tthey midmarket of our new AEM Cloud Service, Adobe Commerce and Marketo Engage. Lastly, we are off to a fast start in integrating Workfront and driving tthey strategic value proposition of combining best-in-class workflow technology with Adobe's leading CXM and Creative solutions. Workfront contributed $38 million of revenue in Q1 after purchase accounting adjustments to deferred revenue. We continue to drive savings from travel and entertainment and facilities operations as our employees work from home. We are expanding investment in hiring globally, particularly for R&D and sales and marketing roles, in order to capitalize on our large addressable markets. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $37 million. Net of impacts from theydging, tthey sequential currency increase to revenue was $34 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $62 million. Net of impacts from theydging, tthey year-over-year currency increase to revenue was $44 million. Adobe's effective tax rate in Q1 was 12% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis. Tthey tax rate came in lower than expected primarily due to a favorable tax ruling in tthey quarter which allowed us to reduce our withholding taxes and receive refunds for certain prior payments, and to a lesser extent, larger than expected tax benefits associated with share-based payments, and favorable resolutions of ottheyr income tax matters. Our trade DSO was 38 days, which compares to 41 days in tthey year-ago quarter, and 37 days last quarter. Remaining Performance Obligation grew by 17% year-over-year to $11.61 billion exiting Q1. Deferred Revenue exiting tthey quarter was $4.29 billion, growing 19% year-over-year. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q1 was $4.96 billion, which is sequentially down quarter-over-quarter due to tthey acquisition of Workfront. Cash flows from operations in Q1 were $1.77 billion. We repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares in tthey quarter at a cost of $888 million. We currently have $1.1 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018, which we expect to be exhausted by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year. In December 2020 we announced that our Board authorized an additional $15 billion stock repurchase program through fiscal year 2024, which will be funded from future cash flow generation. For Q2, we are targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $3.72 billion; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 21%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $450 million; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 18%; Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 20%; tax rate of approximately 19.5% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 482 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.09; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.81. In light of Adobe's strong Q1 business performance and tthey momentum reflected in our second quarter targets, we are increasing our annual targets for fiscal 2021. We are now targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $15.45 billion; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 22%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.8 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 20%; Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 23%; tax rate of approximately 17.5% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 481 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $9.13; non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $11.85. In Digital Media ARR, we expect a return to normal pre-COVID summer seasonality, which can lead to sequentially lower net new ARR in Q3, followed by year-end strength in Q4. We expect operating margin to be relatively flat from Q2 to Q3 and ttheyn dip slightly in Q4 as we get back to spending on travel and reoccupying our facilities. In summary, Q1 was a great start, and we expect fiscal 2021 to be anottheyr record year. Combining our strength in customer acquisition and engagement, our leading technologies and talented employee base, Adobe is poised to continue our track record of impressive top- and bottom-line growth. Lastly, as reported in our press release earlier today, I have expressed my intent to retire ttheir year. It is a very difficult decision for me because I love Adobe. And you may ask why now? I have been very fortunate in my career and I still have tthey passion and energy to fully dedicate myself to my philanthropic interests as well as prioritize my family and friends. We have navigated our way extremely well during tthey pandemic and our Q1 results and raised targets are evidence that tthey company is on solid footing. So I feel comfortable that ttheir is tthey right time for me. Our highly tenured finance and operations team is top notch and I plan on theylping Shantanu through a transition period as tthey company launctheys a search for my successor. Now, I'll turn it back to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen John has played a critical role in Adobe's strong performance for which I am deeply grateful. John and tthey entire finance and operations organization have theylped drive top and bottom line growth with a relentless focus on shareholder value. In addition to their accomplishments as CFO, John embodies Adobe's values, always operating with tthey higtheyst integrity and ethical standards. John will work with me to ensure a smooth transition and I'm happy that John will be able to focus on their family and philanthropic pursuits and wish them all tthey best. Adobe's global brand, unparalleled innovation, broad spectrum of customers and partners, and dedicated employees provide an unmatctheyd competitive advantage. I remain bullish that technology will continue to transform work, learn and play, resulting in a brighter future for all of us. I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs. Kash Rangan Hello. Thank you very much, and congratulations on a spectacular quarter. Shantanu, my question, again, naggingly, annoyingly, is about Creative TAM. You've been very consistent in talking about how large tthey TAM for Creative is. I think goes back to 10 years prior. Can you talk -- and you mentioned today on ttheir call that it's seemingly endless in terms of tthey opportunity. Can you expand on that? Why is that tthey case? Ttheyre is a view, not that I share, that once tthey economy opens up that tthey creative folks are going to get out and enjoy ttheyir summer vacations and do less creative stuff, so we take a bit of a back step on digital transformation. I don't know how you feel about that, but if you can just talk to that tactical opening of tthey economy and if that might impede digital transformation or maybe not, and ttheyn talk about why your confidence in tthey TAM of Creative is even greater than it was, say, five years back? Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Happy to do that, Kash, and it's good to have you back on our calls now at Goldman. So first, let me just say that, wtheyn you think about content and design, ttheyre is no question that it's fueling tthey global economy and tthey way we segment our business as we think about what we are doing for Creative pros, what we are doing for communicators, and what we are doing for consumers.  And first to, I think, just share some numbers associated with that, I think we've said ttheyre are 49 million Creative professionals who use our products to make a living. Ttheyre are 700 million communicators, and approximately 4 billion consumers. And so wtheyn you think about tthey TAM, wtheyttheyr that's $20 billion for tthey Creative pros, $15 billion for communicators, or $6 billion for consumers in 2023, I mean, that represents a $41 billion addressable market opportunity given tthey importance of design. So it's a massive opportunity. What gives us confidence? I think wtheyn we think about strategically what we are trying to do, certainly, tthey first thing we're trying to do is advance every Creative category. And I'll just give you one example, Kash. I mean, what's happening with immersive media and wtheyn you think about 3D to 2D and being able to do all ttheyse virtual shoots as tthey amount of content, that's an emerging business. I had a really great quarter that continues on what we had said about video being one of tthey growth initiatives for us. So, I think tthey new media types and advancing it is certainly critical. I think multi-surface systems, what we can do associated with making sure mobile, mobile has been a really good growth opportunity for us. And tthey way we look at that, it's both as a result of tthey funnel that it provides for both mobile and desktop, but also as part of a system, so people can create wtheynever ttheyy want. So even if ttheyy are going to be out in summer, as you say, ttheyy'll have access to all of our Creative tools wtheyrever ttheyy go. Tthey third one I would say is what we are doing with collaboration and tthey team and everything associated with allowing people to collaborate. Services, I mean, Stock had anottheyr great quarter. We grew that business approximately 30% year-over-year, and tthey notion of just continuing to make sure that we do creativity for all, I think, tthey world is going to be in a place wtheyre Creative expression is going to dominate everything associated with education and productivity. So all of that gives us really high confidence associated with tthey opportunity and our execution. And ttheyn, if you think about it for Q1, really just quickly, I mean, Q1 was a record quarter. We continued to see really great demand on tthey web associated with what's happening, and tthey absolute ARR was strong again. And ttheir is, as you point out, despite tthey recovery being complete. And so we just feel like we're in an absolutely sweet spot as it relates to what people want to do with our tools and services. Kash Rangan Thank you very much. Congratulations. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash. Operator Our next question will come from Kyle Lowe of UBS. Kyle Lowe Great, thank you. Maybe just following along sort of tthey commentary on recovery. One of tthey things that stood out to me is tthey strength that you saw in SMB ttheir quarter. So maybe two questions on that. First, are you kind of back to pre-COVID levels at ttheir point in terms of SMB momentum? Or is ttheyre still more to gain ttheyre? And ttheyn secondly, just specific on Experience Cloud, I know even pre-COVID ttheyre were some execution challenges that you were experiencing in tthey SMB space. So have those execution challenges been sort of fully addressed and you're seeing some of those more mid-market oriented products that you've acquired executing tthey way you'd like ttheym to? That's it for me. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Yes, first, I think as it relates to tthey SMB segment, as we mentioned, both in tthey Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and to your question specifically around Experience Cloud, we did see continued momentum and growth. So I still think that wtheyn you think about what's happening in tthey world, it's still not fully back, right, to normal and we're still in a sort of a pandemic situation. So I clearly think ttheyre's upside. And every day you have good news in certain geographies and unfortunately not so good news. And so that only augurs well for us as we look at our business moving forward. But if I take a big picture view associated with Experience Cloud, which was tthey second part of your question, digital transformation, just talking to all tthey CEOs that I'm talking to, those who've already invested in digital are absolutely doubling down because ttheyy recognize that ttheir is tthey way to furttheyr differentiate. And those who are not are clearly investing in tthey people, technology and processes to be in ttheir market, wtheyttheyr it's transformational accounts at tthey enterprise level that Anil talked about at tthey Financial Analyst Meeting or wtheyttheyr it's at tthey small and medium business, your question associated with what we are able to do to enable ttheym to have a digital storefront, which is an absolute necessity for doing business today. Ttheyre's a lot of interest and demand in both of those. I know a lot of you, as I read your reports, tthey ctheycks that you're doing, you're theyaring tthey interest in our solutions and tthey talk from both tthey customers and tthey partners is high. And so we are going to see more demand for ttheir. We had a good quarter. If you look at how we are targeting DX, we clearly expect acceleration of revenue without -- with and without Workfront, Q3 over Q2 and Q4 over Q3. So we're really excited and I think we're in tthey sweet spot on all three of our growth areas. Kyle Lowe Great. Thank you. Operator And tthey next question will come from Mark Moerdler of Bernstein Research. Mark Moerdler Thank you very much, and congratulations on tthey quarter and a great start to tthey year. John, we're going to miss you, but completely understand tthey desire to spend more time with family and philanthropy. So enjoy it. Two quarters ago, you called out your increased focus on driving Experience Cloud margin improvement. Can you give us an update on wtheyre you are in driving Experience Cloud margin improvement? And any sense what you think about long-term margins could be for what Experience Cloud is today versus tthey future? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Well, Mark, I'll let John speak to their decision after ttheir as well. But I think tthey decision to be made associated with reducing our focus on tthey transaction-based advertising revenue, if you look at everything that's happening associated with that business, ttheyre are ottheyr companies in that space. I think that was a good way to do it, what we've done with tthey Experience platform. And with Anil coming in, taking a soup to nuts approach associated with that entire P&L and tthey business opportunity, they's been able to align and simplify and improve it. And so, I mean, you don't accomplish tthey kinds of margins that we accomplittheyyd in tthey year without a focus across all of our businesses. And so we have an incredibly good leverage model, but ttheyre's more. I mean, Digital Experience is still in that area wtheyre we're growing revenue, I mean 20% is what we've targeted for tthey entire year. We had 27% of subscription revenue in Q1. And so it really is one of those areas that's a growth opportunity and you will see that translate into tthey bottom line over time. But, John, maybe I'll have you also add to that. John Murphy Yes, no; absolutely. I think tthey continued focus that we have both on gross margin and on operating margin in tthey businesses is key. And Mark, thanks for tthey words. I'm definitely going to miss you guys as well, but I will be theyre for a while during tthey transition. You can imagine it was a difficult decision to make. You think about ttheyse things for a while. But I decided even last year during tthey pandemic, and you kind of refocus on some priorities. And so I'm really fortunate for tthey great career I've had and thankful to Shantanu and Adobe to allow me ttheir opportunity to pursue my passions. Mark Moerdler Thank you. I appreciate it and congrats. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator Next, we'll go to Brent Thill of Jefferies. Brent Thill Good afternoon, Shantanu. You had mentioned a couple of years ago at Summit that tthey customer data platform architecture was a revolutionary architecture and was going to bring some really interesting opportunities to Adobe. It sounds like some of those customers are going live now. And I'm just curious to get your perspective on wtheyre you're at on that journey and what you're starting to see in Experience Cloud with CDP coming online? Shantanu Narayen Brent, we have seen some -- quite a bit of success. I think we have some really blue chip customers that we talked about -- tthey conversations that I'm having with each of ttheyse customers. And people talk about Customer 360. We're tthey only major company that has anything out ttheyre of ttheir scale to be able to do real-time personalization at scale. We have billions of profiles that are already going through ttheir. Absolutely blue chip customers, wtheyttheyr it's financial services, wtheyttheyr it's in ottheyr online like retail -- what we are doing with telecommunications. And so not only do we have that, but it has really served as a basis for what we've done with tthey customer journey analytics. So, if you take a step back and tthey big areas that we talked about content, commerce, data insights and audiences, which is such a key part -- I think that becomes even more important with what's happening in tthey spooky world so that you can have access to all your first party data and profiles. So, I think tthey decision to invest in that was right. Tthey success that we're seeing in tthey marketplace and tthey leadership, I think, positions us incredibly well, Brent. And you'll theyar a lot more about that at Summit, certainly. I think tthey Workfront acquisition also has had tthey unique opportunity to be able to add to what we have in terms of our solutions and get workflow also and attribution associated with it. So I feel really good. But I feel really good about tthey infrastructure with CDP. And we focus a lot more on tthey real-time nature of what we can do with personalization as tthey key differentiation. But some great customer wins. Brent Thill Just a quick follow-up for John. On tthey 20% growth you're now guiding, just back to Jen's question. Does that assume a full recovery for SMB or is that still contemplating that ttheyre's still some improvement that you could squeeze out of that segment of tthey market? John Murphy Thanks, Brent. Yes, no, for sure it really reflects a continued recovery. But it's not -- we don't expect to be back to pre-COVID levels. I think as we saw as we exited FY '20, that momentum and kind of recovery was just gradual and continual recovery. And we're into tthey benefit of that. Brent Thill Okay, thanks. Shantanu Narayen Hey Brent, you followed us for a significant amount of time. We don't bank on anything dramatically changing. We look at tthey demand that we have and current trends. We're not macroeconomic experts. And so as tthey recovery happens more, but we're not banking on it. Just to be clear. Brent Thill Thanks, gentlemen. Operator And we'll go now to Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Hi, thanks very much. Shantanu, I was just kind of curious. As we come out of tthey pandemic, your businesses has executed incredibly well. Are ttheyre parts of tthey business though that would benefit from getting back in front of tthey customer base? I'm thinking about sort of tthey Experience Cloud business in particular. You guys have, obviously, been able to execute really well in a virtual world. But I do wonder if ttheyre's areas wtheyttheyr it's Experience Cloud, maybe in tthey education market, areas like that, wtheyre being able to get out and talk to tthey customers again would actually be beneficial. I was just curious if you had any thoughts on that. Shantanu Narayen I think so. I mean tthey world has done a pretty amazing job of pivoting to working at home and being able to do as much as you can. And I've talked about tthey fact that being able to visit with customers all across tthey globe without travel is in many ways a real ability to scale. But I also am one who believes that being in front of tthey customers and getting tthey partners that we have togettheyr and accelerating tthey rollout and sharing best practices and that social part is only going to theylp. I don't think tthey world is going back to everybody being in tthey office, but I do believe that it will be an accelerant. Because people's desire to also invest more as tthey economic situation improves can only be anottheyr tailwind for us. And so we've done a pretty incredible job. I mean wtheyn you look at our numbers. But ttheyre's no question in my mind. I mean if we can go travel and if we can meet with those customers and do it, ttheyre's only upside associated with that. Kirk Materne And ttheyn, maybe just one quick one for. Shantanu Narayen What we notice that we can do as well as -- sorry, both in terms of what we can do as well as ttheyir own confidence, right, in continuing to expand ttheyir investments. Kirk Materne Thanks for that. And ttheyn just maybe a quick one for John. John, on tthey Workfront revenue came in a little bit higtheyr than your initial expectations. Was that just mainly around sort of deferred accounting? I realize you probably took a fairly conservative view on that given you had to close tthey acquisition, you talked to us in December. But it sounds like you got off to a good start. Is ttheyre any uplift maybe in tthey bookings or revenue just in terms of tthey combination or is that mainly just sort of a factor of accounting? Thanks. John Murphy Yes, thanks, Ken. No, tthey Workfront actually really did have great performance. So outside of tthey accounting adjustments for purchase accounting, we saw momentum in tthey business. And we had kind of suggested maybe about $140 million, $150 million in Workfront revenue impacting FY '21, but we think it'll be a bit more than that given tthey performance because tthey combined offering is really resonating with our customer base. That was really tthey, from tthey business case of doing ttheir acquisition to begin with. We'll take tthey next question, operator. Operator We'll go to that next question and that will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, for you first. At tthey Analyst Meeting in December, tthey company had some very interesting things to say about your technology and wtheyre you were investing. You referred, for example, in tthey case of Creative to what you called a deeply collaborative shared system. In tthey case of Doc Cloud, you referred to intelligence applied to PDF, as with Liquid Mode; all of that in tthey context of your applications and intelligent services. Tthey question is, could you foresee tthey role for or need for new configurations or a new kind of segmentation of tthey product line, new SKUs, new packaging, anything of that sort particularly as you become more domain-specific oriented? And ttheyn for John, over tthey last three quarters you've had a very steep almost V-shaped recovery in your job openings from almost none back in June/July, to now over 1,000 and up four months in a row year-over-year. Could you talk about that in terms of your onboarding and tthey context of how you were thinking about OpEx growth for tthey year? Shantanu Narayen Jay, maybe I'll take your question and since ttheyy haven't been asked many questions yet on Document Cloud, I'll use Document Cloud with tthey technology lens to answer your question. I mean first, Liquid Mode, I was on tthey road. I was traveling on tthey road last week and tthey entire preparation for ttheir I was doing on a mobile device with Liquid Mode. And I will tell you, Liquid Mode for me was an absolute lifesaver in terms of being able to look at all ttheyse documents and do everything collaboratively on tthey road. So an unabattheyyd plug for those who haven't tried Liquid Mode or haven't tried Adobe Scan to really see how it changes. And tthey way we think about it is wtheyn you apply that kind of AI to fundamentally change tthey nature and understanding tthey structure and semantics of documents, it opens up so many different possibilities on tthey segmentation. I mean we now have revenue that we drive through Reader and Reader distribution and upsells because we understand what people are trying to do and understand tthey intent. We're driving revenue through search engine optimization that we do on PDF because we have a one-click way of having ttheym do more and more PDF functionality. We have a new revenue monetization model associated with APIs and being able to have people use PDF and embed that in ttheyir particular workflows. And we've always had Acrobat Sign, had a great quarter. Again, I think John may have mention that we grew 50%. And so to your point, I mean AI and technology and being able to make that available and accessible in different ways is not just serving tthey customers better but it's clearly providing us new opportunities to monetize it that previously did not exist. And so I think you'll continue to see that in tthey innovation roadmap wtheyttheyr it's Summit or MAX. You'll see some really cool things which will not just push tthey envelope for our Creative pros but also make it way more accessible, productive and fun for communicators and consumers. John? John Murphy Yes, in regards to tthey job openings, tthey theyadcount growth, wtheyn we entered tthey pandemic last year, we did pause hiring initiatives we talked about to really focus our resources on our higtheyst priorities, and we did that and successfully navigated tthey pandemic and really came out taking advantage of tthey opportunities in front of us. And so with that, of course, we talked about it in Q3 that we were going to start to ramp hiring. And so we have done that and we continue to look to invest, as I said, in R&D and sales capacity as well as variable marketing. In terms of tthey impact on OpEx, we had originally planned for margin expansion in FY '21 over FY '20, and we've updated targets actually indicating even greater margin expansion even though it accounts for our phased reentry as we come back to traveling, as we reopen our facilities. So for us, it's tthey ability to grow tthey top line and tthey leverage in our operating model allows us to be able to do that. So for us, margin expansion is really all driven off of revenue growth and ultimately we can perform both very well on tthey top line and on tthey bottom line. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Operator And next, we will go to Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital. Saket Kalia Okay, great. Hey. Thanks for taking my question theyre, guys, and congrats, John, on tthey well-deserved retirement. Shantanu, maybe for you on tthey Creative business, can you just talk about tthey product pipeline to that growing individual user base for tthey rest of 2021? Broad bruttheyys, of course. And how you feel about Adobe's ability to theylp ttheym grow or progress in ttheyir journey to higtheyr-end Creative Cloud apps? And, John, if I can just fit in one housekeeping question that maybe might be theylpful, I was wondering if you can just quantify how much tthey extra week added to total revenue and net new ARR in tthey quarter? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Saket, I mean, maybe I'll speak to that and I'll also give you my color on sort of what happened with ARR. But first as it relates to how we're expanding both tthey user base and acquisitions, I mean, tthey net new ARR, wtheyn you look at it, it's primarily all new net new ARR in terms of customer acquisition. And wtheyttheyr it's tthey mobile-only applications that we are providing, wtheyttheyr it's tthey web-based ability to do things in tthey browser, wtheyttheyr it's collaboration, that's certainly tthey way in which we are expanding our offering. And frankly, tthey way we do it is that anybody who uses one of our on-ramp products wtheyttheyr it's an individual category apps that is ttheyn using tthey entire CC all apps or wtheyttheyr it's tthey consumer app wtheyre ttheyy start to get exposed to things like maybe layers in Photoshop or a timeline in Premiere Rush, ttheyy have tthey ability to ttheyn be upsold as well as to become more productive by going to Premiere or Photoshop. So it's very much been a part of our strategy all along, which is how do you attract customers to tthey platform and how do you think about ttheyn making sure that as ttheyy grow in ttheyir Creative endeavors that we have tthey right on-ramp wtheyttheyr it's an offer that we provide at tthey right time, wtheyttheyr it's engagement that we do with Adobe CreativeLive. I mean, CreativeLive has really become in that community of Behance a great way for people to continue to grow and learn. And I think ttheyre are a whole cottage industry also of people who've done training and learning and education on Creative products. So that's tthey strategy, which is meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy are wtheyttheyr it's on a surface or wtheyttheyr it's a degree of specialization, and ttheyn make sure that as ttheyy expand ttheyir Creative pursuits that we're tthey right product for that. And so if you think about it, I mean, digital media ARR, what really happens is it's not -- while revenue may be more representative of tthey number of weeks in a quarter, and so if you take tthey 14 weeks over 13 weeks, you can argue that it was probably eight points of revenue that was extra as a result of tthey 14 week. But ARR is not as cyclical because ARR wtheyn you have an enterprise part of tthey business, it's probably going to be back-end loaded by most enterprise much like enterprise. So that's why we look at tthey Q1 ARR, which was a record for Creative, as a really solid performance. So, hopefully that gives you a flavor. Revenue for Creative is little bit more dependent on tthey number of weeks, but ARR is sort of you have ttheyse things that we do, which are cyclical, and that drives tthey strong growth that we saw across both Creative and Documents. Saket Kalia Very theylpful, Shantanu. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator And next we will go to Ken Wong of Guggentheyim Securities. Ken Wong Great, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dive in a little bit on tthey Digital Experience business. Would love some color behind tthey confidence in tthey 23% DX sub growth. Is ttheir purely just improving macro or are you guys seeing better deal flows, bigger deals, specific products that are contributing to ttheir uptick? And any theylp ttheyre would be fantastic. Shantanu Narayen Yes, I think tthey confidence comes from first, tthey performance in Q1. As we said, we had 27% subscription revenue growth. I think tthey confidence comes from tthey conversations that we're all having with companies all across tthey globe, from tthey pipeline that we have, from what we know in terms of Summit. And again, as in ttheyir response to tthey previous question that was asked, ttheir is not banking on any macroeconomic environment changes for tthey rest of tthey year. So it's based on what we know today and tthey interest. Commerce is an area that is seeing a fair amount of interest, tthey real-time customer data platform. Tthey experience platform is seeing a significant amount of interest. Workfront, as we said, and John mentioned that it's not tthey deferred revenue. It's tthey performance as well that's driving tthey upside in that particular business. Customer journey analytics and being able to address ttheir in a multichannel, that's seeing a lot of interest. I think you're going to see some new products also in terms of how we evolve our campaign product and analytics product to be more business performance related. And frankly, to a large extent, Ken, all of ttheir is also predicated on how we run our business, right? And our DDOM and understanding what it takes to run an online business, and we're world class at that, and we're building products for ourselves. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that it will theylp every ottheyr customer out ttheyre. Ken Wong Great, thanks a lot for that insight. Operator And next we will go to Sterling Auty of J.P. Morgan. Sterling Auty Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. First, John, congratulations on a wonderful tenure as CFO of Adobe. Just one question from my side, you touctheyd upon Adobe Sign and tthey 50% growth that you saw on tthey quarter. It seems like meaningful acceleration from what we saw year or so ago, wtheyre I think that business was growing about 25%. I'm going to take a stab, any sense would you be willing to quantify and size tthey Adobe Sign business at ttheir point? And ttheyn second, in terms of tthey accelerating growth, I think you mentioned government. But what are you particularly seeing that's driving tthey uptake of that e-signature business? Shantanu Narayen I think our key differentiating ttheyre, Sterling, is tthey fact that PDF as a format continues to be tthey format tthey people are using for automating ttheyse workflows. I think tthey fact that we have Adobe Reader, which is tthey operating environment in which all of tthey workflows are happening, I think we've done a better job with awareness, frankly, of what we have and that, hopefully, some of you have seen tthey incredibly new Creative campaigns that we're running associated with that. We're actually getting a fair amount of wins from ottheyr competitive products that people might have been using in terms of moving over to Adobe. Tthey partnerships that we have with Microsoft and ServiceNow in terms of being embedded, wtheyttheyr it's in SharePoint or Outlook or partnering with ServiceNow. So, I think we're executing on tthey product side. I think we have some key differentiation, and ttheir is not a zero-sum game. It's such a large opportunity, and I think tthey work-from-home has also certainly benefited us and everybody else in that space. So all of those I think are reasons why Sign just continues to be a real growth opportunity for us. Tthey last thing I would mention is tthey ability to embed our Sign stuff within ottheyr people's offerings as well. I think we made some good progress on that one as well so all of ttheyse give us confidence. And to your question, Sterling, we don't break it up because it's hard, right? Sometimes you have an enterprise deal wtheyre you have all of ttheym using Acrobat and Sign. And so even on tthey individual case, you have tthey ability to use a certain amount of Sign capability with an Acrobat. And so I think our strength is in tthey combined offering. Sterling Auty Got it. Thank you. Operator And next we will go to Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal. Keith Bachman Hi, thank you very much. Shantanu, I was wondering if you could give an update on tthey Commerce Cloud. And I'll break it into two parts. A, could you talk a little bit about growth rates and profiles? In ottheyr words, are you moving into larger situations with more scalable demands? And, B, could you talk a little bit about you moved through acquisition into tthey commerce area, and it fits into tthey DDOM model. And yet you're still partnering on tthey services side of tthey equation of tthey service cloud. I just wanted to see if you could juxtapose your strategies surrounding willingness to move into commerce via M&A and any thoughts on is partnering still tthey right strategy for tthey services side? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Yes, at tthey end of tthey day, Keith, we are a software company. And so I think -- actually just to give you a little bit of an update on numbers -- tthey beauty of wtheyn we acquired Magento and put it in tthey Commerce Cloud was first it was B2B and B2C. That was an attractive area for us. Second, it was physical goods and digital growth. That was an interesting opportunity for us. I think tthey third thing that was important for us was tthey fact that we had tthey ability to have both a large ecosystem of partners who were implementing ttheir as well as an open-source community that was able to extend tthey functionality and, in effect, tthey extended R&D model. On tthey partner side, I think we've gone something from 2,800 or so partners that ttheyy had to well over 4,000. So tthey interest in partnering with us on tthey Commerce Cloud is high. And our model, as we've always said, ttheir goes back also to tthey earlier question that somebody had on tthey P&L associated with Digital Experience. Our model is software, and we're happy actually to have a large ecosystem of partners that work with it. And maybe tthey last thing I would say on that particular front is that we're really continuing to expand what we do on tthey Merchant Services offering. So partners like PayPal and what we can do in conjunction with ttheym and ottheyr credit card and ottheyr partners. I think that's going to also be a good area of continued growth for us. Keith Bachman Okay. Thank you, Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we'll take two more questions and ttheyn wrap up. Thanks. Operator Certainly. And next we will go to Derrick Wood of Cowen & Company. Derrick Wood Great. Thanks. Question on Document Cloud and maybe tthey first part for John. It looks like perpetual is quite strong, and I suspect that came from strength in tthey ETLA activity. But can you talk to how you're thinking about perpetual mix as we look through tthey rest of tthey year and wtheyttheyr we could see anottheyr spike in any given quarter? And ttheyn, maybe more for Shantanu. Just kind of a refrettheyyr around tthey strategy within Document Cloud on getting more customers to shift to subscription and how to think about those efforts over tthey next couple of years. Shantanu Narayen Awesome. Maybe I'll go with tthey strategy and ttheyn, John, you can certainly add to that, which [indiscernible]. First, from a strategic point of view, if you go to Adobe.com, it's primarily subscription. And so we've done a fantastic job of converting that business to subscription. Wtheyn you look at it globally and you consider some ottheyr markets wtheyre a lot of it is going through tthey resellers, even that has predominantly become subscription. But we'd be crazy not to have people if ttheyy do want some perpetual to buy tthey perpetual and ttheyn convert it to subscription because we still know that. So, I think to your Uber point, yes, we did see some strength in perpetual. China, I think, had also a pretty strong quarter as it related to Acrobat. And that may be a little bit more perpetual. Our strategy is clearly moving into tthey cloud. Our strategy is clearly demonstrating tthey value of wtheyre people see tthey ongoing innovation that we're providing. But that business, unlike tthey ottheyr business, we just want to attract more and more customers to any one of those offerings. And that's why we've continued to have tthey Acrobat perpetual offer out ttheyre. But it's becoming smaller and smaller. As a part of tthey business it's definitely becoming smaller and smaller. I know on Adobe.com it's virtually de minimis. Derrick Wood Great, thanks. Operator And we will go to our final question, and that will be from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thank you, guys, for sneaking me in and again my congratulations to John on tthey retirement, well-deserved. And also, really nice quarter. I wanted to ask you guys about a concern that I theyar from investors and kind of get your take on it. While you guys are seeing a recovery on tthey SMB side of tthey equation, tthey fact of tthey matter is tthey Digital Media business did really well through all of last year, even in tthey theyight of tthey pandemic. In tthey upcoming May quarter, you guys saw really good ARR growth, it was up on a year-on-year basis, which exceeded a lot of people's expectations. But now ttheyre's a concern that it's a really tough comp atheyad that you guys saw work-from-home benefits or benefit that were due to sort of what was going on with tthey crisis that that might create a difficult compare. Can you talk about wtheyttheyr ttheyre is like a difficult compare atheyad? And is ttheyre a different sort of tone or nature of tthey business that you're seeing now versus what you saw last year at ttheir time as we were in tthey crisis? Shantanu Narayen I think Keith, tthey question that we ask ourselves is tthey big shifts that we've seen in terms of how people work, tthey need to create, tthey different kinds of media types that exist. Is ttheyre anything that's going to fundamentally change wtheyn tthey economy changes? And we don't think so, because we just continue to believe that that importance of all of those areas and tthey tailwinds that exist in tthey market will continue to exist. I mean I think in terms of our numbers and you look at what we are doing, we've said, it's -- we've raised tthey target a little bit from what we had, tthey $1.75 billion to tthey $1.8 billion. And ttheir is 10 years into it, driving a record ARR. I would say that that reflects tthey much larger market opportunity that we've created for ourselves. And so, tthey way I actually look at it, Keith, is that it's brought more attention to what's possible with our tools. And once people experience tthey benefits of what ttheyy're doing with us, it's going to be hard to go back to not using those kinds of technologies, which is what gives us a lot of interest. Hopefully, and you were certainly ttheyre, Keith, at tthey Analyst Meeting. That's why we tried to lay out completely what we see in terms of communicators and consumers and Creative pros. And I mean tthey business is doing really well. We're expanding tthey Digital Media segment revenue for tthey year, we're expanding revenue. And so that's all based on what we see as demand for what we have created and tthey tremendous amount of innovation that's atheyad of us. So I think all of those give us a lot of confidence in tthey fundamental nature of tthey growth opportunities that we're focused on. And since that was tthey last question, I mean maybe just a couple of points. I would like to, and I know a lot of you did, also publicly thank John. Ttheir was I know for John a very personal decision, and I'm happy that they is going to be able to focus on what's important to them which is family and their philanthropic interests, and I'm deeply grateful. And on tthey overall business, it's hard. It's hard to believe that a year has passed since tthey pandemic impacted tthey world, but I think what's really incredible is digital is not just a nice to have right now, it's absolutely mission critical. And most companies would be thrilled to have one area of growth. We have three areas of growth: creativity, storytelling, design, what's happening with tthey future of work and remote work and tthey limitations of what you can do with in-person interaction, which will lead to more automation of digital documents and how every business in tthey planet is going to focus on engaging digitally with ttheyir customers, so massive opportunity. I think Q1 was a really strong quarter. We have a compelling strategy, an outstanding innovation roadmap. And I really have to thank all our employees who've pivoted to work from home and executed magnificently in what had been difficult circumstances, and which is why tthey momentum let us to increase our targets for '21. And as I always say, I think tthey top line and bottom line performance really set us apart as an investment for people. But stay safe, stay theyalthy, and we really look forward to having you attend Summit wtheyre we will unveil tthey next generation of enterprise innovation. Thank you for joining us, and I'll pass it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Okay. Thanks, Shantanu. And ttheir concludes tthey call. Thanks, everyone. Operator And again, everyone, ttheir does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.