Adobe Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call September 13, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Mike Saviage - VP, IR Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President & CEO John Murphy - EVP & CFO Analysts Christian Lowe - UBS Investment Bank Brent Thill - Jefferies Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Brad Zelnick - Crédit Suisse AG Saket Kalia - Barclays Bank PLC Aleksandr Zukin - Piper Jaffray Companies Kasthuri Rangan - Bank of America of Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mark Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Vincent Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Stewart Materne - Evercore ISI James Wood - Cowen and Company Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to welcome you to Adobe Systems' Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would like now to turn tthey call over to Mr. Mike Saviage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Mike Saviage Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on tthey call are Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. In our call today, we will discuss Adobe's third quarter fiscal year 2018 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We've also posted PDFs of our earnings call prepared remarks and slides, financial targets and an updated investor datattheyyet on Adobe.com. If you would like a copy of ttheyse documents, you can go to Adobe's Investor Relations page and find ttheym listed under Quick Links. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, September 13, 2018, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in tthey earnings press release we issued today as well as Adobe's SEC filings. During ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between tthey two is available in our earnings release and in our updated investor datattheyyet on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live in Adobe Connect and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe's Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days and is tthey property of Adobe. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast archive may not be re-recorded or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. Q3 was a record quarter for Adobe. We delivered $2.29 billion in revenue, representing 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.34, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.73. Adobe is empowering people to create and transforming how businesses compete. Our execution against ttheir strategy is driving strong financial results across our Digital Media and Digital Experience businesses. In every market around tthey world, students, creatives, enterprises and governments are choosing Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud to deliver tthey transformative digital experiences required to compete and win today. In our Digital Media business, we achieved strong growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud revenue in Q3. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $339 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to $6.4 billion. Key Digital Media customer engagements in tthey quarter included tthey U.S. Department of Education, Facebook, Marks & Spencer and Walmart. Creative Cloud has become tthey creativity platform for all with millions of highly engaged subscribers and a strong base of trialists whom we actively convert each month into paying customers. Wtheyttheyr it's YouTubers looking for an intuitive video solution or mobile-first photography enthusiasts, we continue to see significant opportunities for growth in new customer segments as well as untapped potential in emerging markets. Video continues to be an explosive category. In June, we previewed Project Rush, a new video editing app that makes creating and sharing online video content easier than ever. Wtheyttheyr your passion is vlogging about food or posting a cool skateboarding clip, Project Rush gives users a way to create video projects across surfaces, providing ttheym with maximum creative flexibility. Ttheir week at IBC, we shared a slate of new video creation capabilities that'll speed up video production and enable more seamless workflows for professional editors and animators. Ttheir includes Adobe Sensei-powered features for audio editing, color grading and animation in Premiere Pro, Audition, Character Animator and ottheyr video tools. Lightroom CC, our cloud-based photography service, continues to attract new customers. We announced a number of updates to Lightroom CC and Lightroom Classic for Mac, Windows, Android and iOS and shipped several improvements including new in-app learning capabilities, support for new cameras and more than 1,200 different lenses. We previewed a brand-new feature, Best Photos, which combines Adobe Sensei intelligence with user-made edits to quickly recommend tthey best photos within an album. Adobe XD, our all-in-one UX solution for designing and prototyping websites and apps, is quickly becoming tthey leader in tthey screen design category with strong monthly active usage among customers. Ttheir quarter, we unveiled new open platform capabilities, which allow users to customize ttheyir workflow with a broader ecosystem of community and partner plug-ins. As students around tthey world theyad back to school, Adobe is partnering with educators and institutions to ensure that creativity, a core 21st century skill, is a central part of curriculum and that students have access to tthey creative tools ttheyy need. Adobe Spark, our app for easily creating high-quality graphics, web pages and video stories, is a cornerstone of ttheir effort. Ttheir quarter, we were proud to partner with tthey Ministry of Skill Development in India to enable more than 1 million students to access Spark. Next month, we'll host MAX, tthey world's largest creativity conference. We'll unveil new capabilities across Creative Cloud that will enable our customers to push tthey boundaries of creativity across modalities like voice and touch and emerging media types, including 3D and augmented reality. Adobe Document Cloud is tthey world's leading digital document service, enabling individuals and businesses to automate inefficient paper-based processes. In Q3, we achieved record revenue for Document Cloud of $249 million. PDF creation, sharing, reviewing, scanning and signing is accelerating across devices, and Adobe's document business is experiencing strong growth. Over 50 billion PDFs were opened in Adobe products in tthey last year. In a few weeks, we'll announce major advancements to Adobe Document Cloud, including an update to our flagship Acrobat DC solution, which will radically transform what's possible with PDF on mobile devices. In August, we teamed up with Samsung for tthey launch of tthey new Galaxy Note9 and its intelligent assistant, Bixby. With tthey introduction of Adobe Scan for Bixby Vision, we're providing PDF scanning capabilities to Samsung users through Adobe Sensei and Adobe Document Cloud. Adobe Scan has become one of tthey most popular mobile scanning apps with nearly 14 million downloads to date. Adobe Sign continues to revolutionize tthey electronic signature market and has become tthey solution of choice for customers, particularly in highly regulated industries such as government, theyalth care and financial services. Ttheir year, Adobe Sign received FedRAMP Tailored authorization, meeting tthey U.S. government's rigorous security standards. As part of our collaboration with tthey Cloud Signature Consortium, which is furttheyring an open standard for cloud signatures, we support key industry standards and guidelines such as HIPAA and tthey eSign Act. Overall, we continue to drive strong growth in tthey Adobe Sign business. Adobe Experience Cloud is tthey leading customer experience platform for tthey modern enterprise, theylping companies deliver predictive, personalized, real-time digital experiences across every touch point. Our unique differentiation stems from tthey breadth and depth of our offerings and tthey unparalleled intelligence we derive from tthey trillions of transactions we process on behalf of our customers. In Q3, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $614 million with strong bookings across Adobe Marketing Cloud, Analytics Cloud and Advertising Cloud. Key customer deals in tthey quarter included NBA Properties, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Tthey Federal Aviation Administration, CBS Interactive and Navy Federal Credit Union. In June, we completed our acquisition of Magento, bringing its industry-leading commerce capabilities to Adobe Experience Cloud for B2B and B2C customers. We delivered tthey first integrated deployment of Adobe Experience Manager and Magento Commerce Cloud ttheir quarter. Expanding Magento's reach in tthey global enterprise space continues to be an area of opportunity for Adobe as is expanding ottheyr Experience Cloud solutions deeper into mid-sized businesses wtheyre Magento has a strong market position. Next month, we'll host over 2000 customers at MagentoLive in Barcelona, wtheyre we'll share more details about how we're integrating Experience Cloud with tthey Magento Commerce Cloud. Adobe Advertising Cloud enables marketers to deliver search, display, video and TV advertising across a growing number of screens and formats. We recently announced new capabilities for TV ads in partnership with LiveRamp as well as new fraud protection features and support for emerging formats including digital audio ads on smart speakers and home devices. Our leading offering in data-driven TV advertising continues to see strong interest from brands and agencies as we bring more refined targeting options to linear and addressable TV. We continue to deliver new innovation across our entire set of Experience Cloud solutions, including new e-mail and cross-channel marketing capabilities in Adobe Campaign and Attribution IQ inside of Adobe Analytics Cloud. Growth in our Digital Experience business is enhanced by a strong network of global partners. Our strategic partnership with Microsoft continues to gain traction among enterprise customers as we bring more joint solutions to market. More than 100 enterprises now leverage Adobe and Microsoft's joint Digital Experience offerings, including Bank of America Merchant Services, Cintas, CDW and Virgin America Airlines. In Q3, Adobe was once again recognized for our technology leadership by top industry analysts. Adobe was named tthey only leader in tthey Forrester Wave: Experience Optimization Platforms, and we were named a leader in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Web Content Management for tthey eighth year in a row. Additional leadership recognition included tthey Forrester Wave: Customer Analytics Solutions and tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Personalization Engines. Adobe's employees have always been our greatest asset. We pride ourselves on recruiting and retaining world-class talent and making Adobe a place wtheyre our employees can do ttheyir best work. Last week, Forbes ranked Adobe as tthey number one Best Employer for New College Graduates, and we were recognized by Fortune as one of its Best Workplaces for Millennials. Tthey Great Places to Work Institute recently included both Adobe India and Adobe Australia on its Best Workplaces lists. As we look to Q4, we are excited about tthey opportunities atheyad. We expect a strong close to Adobe's 2018 fiscal year and are confident that we have tthey right strategy, products, people, customers and partners to sustain our growth and momentum. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. In tthey third quarter of FY '18, Adobe achieved record revenue of $2.29 billion, which represents 24% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q3 was $1.34, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.73. We delivered anottheyr quarter of strong performance across product offerings and geographies while also successfully integrating Magento. Highlights in Q3 included: record Digital Media revenue, including Creative revenue of $1.36 billion and Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $249 million; record Digital Experience revenue of $614 million, which represents 21% year-over-year growth; net new digital media ARR of $339 million; deferred revenue growth of 23% year-over-year; cash flow from operations of $955 million; returning $714 million of cash to our stockholders through stock buyback; and approximately 90% of our revenue in Q3 was from recurring sources. In Digital Media, we grew segment revenue by 27% year-over-year. Tthey addition of $339 million net new Digital Media ARR during tthey quarter grew tthey total to $6.4 billion exiting Q3. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr record quarter with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 28% year-over-year in Q3, and we increased Creative ARR by $289 million. Several key factors contributed to ttheir growth, including: strong net new subscriptions across user segments and across tthey U.S., Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific, driven by robust traffic and customer acquisition on adobe.com; strength in new individual app subscriptions with tthey Photography plan and Acrobat; continued momentum with Creative Cloud adoption in emerging markets; retention of users migrating from promotional to standard prices at annual cycles; new pricing introduced in North America; seat expansion and adoption of services in tthey enterprise; and strength with Adobe Stock, which achieved greater than 30% year-over-year revenue growth during tthey quarter. We transitioned our adobe.com sites in Europe to comply with new GDPR requirements, and we are successfully engaging with potential and existing customers, allowing us to continue to drive growth in revenue and ARR. Retention, upsell, new customer acquisition and conversion remain huge opportunities, which we address through digital marketing campaigns, frequent targeted promotions and tthey introduction of new offerings across desktop and mobile. With Document Cloud, we achieved record revenue of $249 million, which represents 21% year-over-year growth, and we delivered anottheyr solid quarter of Document Cloud ARR growth. Acrobat unit growth across Creative Cloud and Document Cloud was again greater than 20%. Adobe Sign achieved greater than 25% year-over-year revenue growth. In our Digital Experience segment, we achieved record Adobe Experience Cloud revenue of $614 million, which represents 21% year-over-year growth. Experience Cloud subscription revenue grew 25% year-over-year. Experience Cloud performance in Q3 was driven by success across our Analytics Cloud, Marketing Cloud and Advertising Cloud offerings with particular strength in Audience Manager, which is our data management platform, and in Adobe Campaign. Magento is off to a strong start and contributed subscription and services revenue of $27 million in Q3. Strength in demand, a longer-than-anticipated stub period in Q3 and a smaller-than-anticipated write-down of deferred revenue contributed to ttheir success. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $13.8 million. We had $16.8 million in theydge gains in Q3 FY '18 versus $0.3 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY '18. Thus, tthey net sequential currency increase to revenue considering theydging gains was $2.7 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $27.7 million. We had $16.8 million in theydge gains in Q3 FY '18 versus $0.2 million in theydge gains in Q3 FY '17. Thus, tthey net tthey net year-over-year currency increase to revenue considering theydging gains was $44.3 million. In Q3, Adobe's effective tax rate was 5% in both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. Tthey GAAP rate was lower than targeted due to larger-than-expected tax effects related to share-based payments as well as a favorable resolution of an income tax matter. Our trade DSO was 41 days, which compares to 50 days in tthey year-ago quarter and 44 days last quarter. Deferred revenue grew to a record $2.71 billion, up 23% year-over-year. With strong bookings, deferred revenue was in line with our expectations. Given Q3 FY '18 ended on August 31, deferred revenue was impacted by having 1 less billing cycle for many enterprise customers wtheyn compared to Q2 FY '18 and Q3 FY '17. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q3 was $4.94 billion. Tthey quarter-over-quarter decline in our cash position was due to tthey Magento acquisition. Cash flow from operations was $955 million in tthey quarter. And in Q3, we repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares at a cost of $714 million. We currently have $150 million remaining of our $2.5 billion authority granted in January 2017. We expect ttheir authorization to be exhausted by tthey end of fiscal year 2018. On May 21, we announced that our board had authorized an incremental $8 billion stock repurchase program through fiscal year 2021, which will be funded from future cash flow generation. Now I will provide our financial outlook. In Q4 FY '18, we expect normal seasonal year-end strength in our business and are targeting: revenue of approximately $2,420,000,000; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 22%; Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 20%; tax rate of approximately 6% on a GAAP basis and 5% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 495 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.42; non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.87; and net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $385 million. Our Q4 FY '17 Digital Media segment included a material amount of Acrobat perpetual licensing revenue. As we continue to migrate tthey business to subscriptions, we do not expect material Acrobat perpetual licensing ttheir Q4. Ttheir is factored into our Digital Media year-over-year revenue growth target. Given tthey lower-than-expected write-down of Magento deferred revenue that we discussed earlier, we expect some slight upside to our original target of $30 million of Magento revenue in Q4. We look forward to a strong Q4 close and anottheyr record year for Adobe. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Mike. Mike Saviage Thanks, John. Adobe MAX returns to Los Angeles and is quickly approaching. Day 1 of our user conference is Monday, October 15, and we will host a financial analyst meeting that afternoon. At tthey meeting, our executive team will discuss Adobe's vision, strategy and opportunities to continue to drive sustained revenue growth. Invitations to MAX and our financial analyst meeting with registration information were sent out in early July. If you wish to attend MAX and our financial analyst meeting, please send an e-mail to ir@adobe.com. More details about MAX and our exciting lineup of speakers and educational sessions are available at max.adobe.com. If you wish to listen to a playback of today's conference call, a web-based archive of tthey call will be available on our IR site later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 855-859-2056. Use conference ID #1136856. International callers should dial 404-537-3406. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today and ending at 8:00 p.m. Pacific Time on September 19, 2018. We would now be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Christian Lowe from UBS. Christian Lowe I wanted to ask about, coming into ttheir quarter, ttheyre was some concern that GDPR could have an impact on Q3 Digital Media ARR. Obviously, tthey results speak for ttheymselves that ttheyre wasn't as much of an impact ttheyre as maybe were contemplated initially. But if I put that in tthey context of Q4 ARR guidance and given sort of Adobe's long theirtory of conservatism, tthey seasonality ttheyre is maybe even a little better than I would have expected going into Q4 relative to what you did last year. So can you talk a little bit about that was no impact from GDPR or was just less than maybe you thought it could be? And does that sort of set up a more positive dynamic theyaded into Q4 around ARR? Shantanu Narayen Sure, Christian. I mean, ttheyre a couple of questions in ttheyre. First, some color on GDPR. As we know, requirements and regulations for all businesses that are transacting online continue to evolve. But from our perspective and looking at Q3, we don't think it'll fundamentally change tthey relentless move that all businesses have to do more online, which is driven by customer preference. We did transition our own adobe.com sites to meet ttheyse requirements. And we'll continue to tweak and evolve our technology to lead tthey market. And as you pointed out, our results show that we achieved strong results in Q3. Wtheyn we look at tthey transition between Q3 and Q4, I think it's important to remember a couple of things. Tthey first is Q3 tends to be seasonally weak, and so Q4 is our seasonally strong quarter. Education comes back, and education will show its strength in Q4. I think, with MAX coming up and all of tthey innovation that we continue to show with respect to MAX, which will be exciting, I hope you're attending, is also going to be in Q4. So Q3 ARR was strong. Tthey business continues to add momentum. I think John spoke in their prepared remarks also as to strength that we saw across offerings. I'll highlight mobile. Mobile, we continue to drive a lot of new customer acquisition through units, Single App of Acrobat and tthey Photography continue to do well. So we continue to innovate in creativity, and ttheyre's strong demand ttheyre, Christian. Christian Lowe Okay. Great. And maybe just one last one for me. Tthey pricing increase in tthey U.S. was obviously sort of a big topic amongst investors. Is ttheyre any notable benefit to ARPU as a result of that? Or does it just sort of become rounding [error][ph] given tthey size of tthey business? Shantanu Narayen Well, I think our primary focus, again, putting it in big picture, continues to be attracting new customers and delivering value. Certainly, tthey new pricing that we introduced was accretive to us, but we continue to attract new customers. And ttheyy are seeing tthey benefit, as you point out again, with all of tthey innovation that we deliver, Lightroom, XD, Character Animator, Spark and Dimension, it was clearly tthey right time to introduce new pricing. And -- but we have also had quite a bit of experience with that as currency has fluctuated in ottheyr countries. Tthey one ottheyr thing I might mention theyre is I know ttheyre have been some questions to Mike about promotions and how we look at promotions as well. From our point of view, ttheyy continue to be compelling events to drive a call to action. And ttheyn we see a double benefit because not only do we attract new customers to tthey platform but with strong retention rates that, at renewal time, leads to a furttheyr increase in ARR, which, again, wtheyn you think about Q4, given annual cycles, that's anottheyr thing that factors into our guidance for Q4. So all in all, we think our business is good. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thill from Jefferies. Brent Thill Shantanu, you've seen a steady re-acceleration in Experience Cloud. I'm curious if you could just talk to what you're seeing ttheyre. And I think tying into that, just coming off of a $1.8 billion acquisition, ttheyre's obviously some chatter about you looking to be more inquisitive. Just given tthey re-acceleration in Experience Cloud, maybe just talk through your appetite for larger transactions. Realize you have tthey [$8][ph] billion buyback also on your plate. Shantanu Narayen I think big picture, tthey whole digital transformation agenda, Brent, continues to be front and center to every C-level executive. We had strong bookings. I think we talked about that a couple of times both in my prepared remarks as well as in John's and I think tthey strength of our product portfolio, which continues to be differentiated. Magento was off to good start. I mean, tthey fact that ttheyy have both B2B and B2C, I think, continues to theylp. We saw some good deployments of Adobe Experience Manager. So big picture, we, again are continuing to see a lot of demand for our solutions. We had some great events that we had all around tthey world. We normally do Japan and Sydney and Singapore during tthey quarter. And so I think it's digital transformation and customer centricity and loyalty that's driving tthey Digital Experience business. As you know, we would never comment on a market rumor. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets. Ross MacMillan Congrats from me. Sorry for any background noise. I actually -- Shantanu, I wanted to ask a little bit around tthey announcement you -- that's coming up on tthey Adobe Document Cloud. And I wondered if ttheyre's any sort of way you could maybe give us a little preview of that theyre or at least directionally talk about what tthey intent is ttheyre. And ttheyn related to that, John, tthey comments around tthey Acrobat perpetual license being not material, couple that with tthey deceleration in Digital Media revenue in Q4 relative to tthey strength in net new ARR, my math, I was trying to back into it, would suggest a little bit below $100 million of perpetual win last year and maybe most of that's going to go away. And I wondered if you could maybe just comment on wtheyttheyr that's directionally right. Shantanu Narayen Ross, to answer your first question, we continue to see a lot of demand in people really both automating inefficient paper-based processes as well as using mobile devices to deal with PDF. I think we mentioned that over 50 billion PDFs are being opened in our documents alone. And so I think as we think about tthey document business in particular, among tthey customer pieces of feedback that we're getting, tthey first one clearly is that ttheyy want access to that PDF across all of -- all devices. Ttheyy continue to want to have mobile devices being a PDF-creation device. So we talked a little bit about scanning and storage ttheyrefore so that people can actually have access to ttheyir content across devices. Tthey ottheyr area I would say that a lot of people are looking at is certainly collaboration and what we can do with respect to collaboration and allowing different people to participate in a document workflow. And certainly signing and tthey interest in signing, wtheyttheyr that's ad hoc completely using tthey Acrobat product and desktop readers or complete workflows wtheyre signing is an ingredient within tthey enterprises. Hopefully, that gives you a flavor for how we are thinking about how we will continue to innovate in Document Cloud. And tthey one ottheyr thing I'd mention is a deeper focus on partnerships and what we are doing to ensure that PDF is embedded within ottheyr ecosystems. We certainly introduced recently support for both Sign in SharePoint as well as in Outlook. So that hopefully gives you a flavor of wtheyre we're focused with tthey document business. John Murphy And Ross, just in regards to your comment on perpetual revenue with Acrobat, really, what we're trying to explain is that in Q4 FY '17 we actually had a large perpetual revenue in that quarter. And we still sell both perpetual and subscription, and what we're expecting ttheir quarter is not quite as large a perpetual revenue ttheir quarter because we see continued momentum as customers are migrating to subscriptions. So it's -- for us, it's really kind of following our strategy for tthey business, and we're excited about it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Two things for Shantanu. At MAX -- sorry, at Summit month ago, you talked about tthey strategic objectives or road map for Experience Cloud, and you said that what you want to do is deliver unified experience, streamlined integration of Experience Cloud. I wish I assume you were referring to both content and data and tthey multiple solutions. And ttheyn also deliver what you called domain-specific expertise via AI. And wtheyn you look back over tthey last six months and well, clearly, perhaps over tthey next 12 months, can you talk about some of tthey key things that you achieved, particularly in tthey area of integration, which had been a bit of an issue within tthey portfolio a while back? And maybe talk about that vis-à-vis tthey Experience Cloud road map. And at MAX last year, in tthey context of talking about your various new products within CC, you made tthey very interesting comment that XD could be tthey next InDesign. In ottheyr words, that would be your next big holding new product. And as such, wtheyn do you think XD might become your next nine-figure business, particularly wtheyn you think about tthey fact that you have no incumbent to go up against as you did with InD? Shantanu Narayen So Jay, let me take both of those questions. First, with respect what we are doing on tthey Experience Cloud, an area of innovation that we're particularly excited about is enabling for all enterprises to have a Unified Customer Profile, wtheyre we are getting all of tthey behavioral, demographic data for customers across all of our different solutions. It's something that customers are already testing out in beta. And if you think about that, what it really means for us is ttheir Unified Customer Profile can become tthey central nervous system in an enterprise, not just ttheyrefore targeting tthey CMOs but increasingly having tthey CIOs look at that as tthey basis for how ttheyy want to integrate a unified customer experience across all of tthey different enterprise solutions that might exist. And so that also ttheyn allows us, to your second question about tthey domain-specific AI, with Adobe Sensei, we have tthey ability for people not only to have our AI be applied to ttheyir dataset but for also ttheyir own AI and ttheyir data science continues to be leveraged using tthey datasets that ttheyy have. So both of those, we've started to deliver ttheym. Wtheyn I look at tthey results of tthey bookings in Q3, tthey multiproduct implementation and sales continues to be strong. So it's clearly an effective tool for us to go in and have more of tthey entire CMO deck be served by Adobe. So both of those, we continue to do it. I'm sure Brad will give an update at MAX as well in terms of how we see that, and so we look forward to that. And with respect to your question on MAX, certainly, XD and screen design has been an area of fairly deep investment for us. It's tthey only cross-platform solution, I think, we talk about not just theylping design mobile applications but every screen. I mean, you have all of ttheir content that's being delivered to screens across retail, across even fast food. And our products, all tthey way from content creation to content management and delivery, is powering that. Collaboration is anottheyr area for XD. And it's harder than it was in tthey InDesign as a result of more and more people using tthey Creative Cloud entire suite to look at just an individual product but both from an individual product monthly average usage of XD as well as tthey adoption in Creative Cloud All Apps, we continue to be pleased with how XD is doing. And that just serves as additional value to all of our Creative customers. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Walter Pritchard A question for you, Shantanu, on tthey experience side from a product perspective. I'm wondering if you feel like sort of going down market wtheyre you have a lot of competition in that space. Do you feel like your product is adequately positioned ttheyre? And if not, what else do you need to get that whole experience suite down market into more of tthey mid-market? Shantanu Narayen Yes. I think, Walter, we were looking for a nice beachtheyad to start to think about how we could leverage tthey strength that we had in tthey enterprise down into wtheyttheyr that's departments, mid-market, commercial, sort of is anottheyr way in which people look at it. And that has been an area wtheyre we have seen some good adoption. And so our job was to continue to leverage Magento within tthey enterprise and to leverage Magento's base and ttheyir ecosystem of developers by allowing ttheym. And I would say both tthey Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Analytics are products that can be used in that particular category to create websites as well as to have analytics in ttheyre. So it will continue to be an area. I think you're also seeing ttheir product now being used within B2B installations as ttheyy all want to create a direct relationship with customers. So you have a lot of ttheyse companies that have billions of customers but don't have direct access to those folks because ttheyy go through a distribution channel. So hopefully, that gives you some indication of how we're continuing to expand tthey customer set that we target with Experience Cloud. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brad Zelnick from Crédit Suisse. Brad Zelnick Shantanu, continuing on tthey Digital Experience ttheyme. Can you talk a bit about your relationship with Microsoft in Digital Experience? And is ttheyre any way to size or scope ttheyse types of deals or think about tthey number of products included? And are you seeing accelerating adoption now that you've been in market for some time? Shantanu Narayen Tthey first answer, Brad, is we're definitely seeing accelerated adoption as a result of our products having been delivered on Azure. And I think going back to what I talked about with respect to tthey customer profile, what we are seeing are people are standardizing on Azure increasingly as an infrastructure for ttheyir cloud-based solutions, and we have a really great solution on top of that in order to be able to bring ttheir Unified Customer Profile that exists. And so tthey success is leading to larger deals. It's leading to higtheyr close rates. And frankly, I think more and more of both tthey Microsoft field force as well as tthey Adobe one are now looking at it and saying ttheir is something that's resonating with customers. And so it is accelerating. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Saket Kalia Shantanu, perhaps a more strategic question for you on Magento, understanding that it's still relatively early. I guess, as you look at ottheyr commerce clouds out ttheyre, how can you differentiate Magento eittheyr technically or perhaps from a pricing packaging perspective over time? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Saket. I mean, a couple of things. Tthey first is I would not underestimate tthey importance of commerce being tied into content management systems and analytics because while commerce is closing tthey loop, tthey real activity is happening wtheyn you're doing A/B testing or wtheyre you're delivery content. And from my point of view, what was really attractive about Magento in addition to ttheir really closing tthey loop and making every experience shoppable is tthey fact that ttheyy were tthey only player who had both B2B as well as B2C as well as digital goods and physical goods. And tthey ottheyr thing that I think ttheyy brought to bear, which is really paying off, is ttheir ecosystem. What's happened in tthey commerce market, if you think about it, is that ttheyre are so many separate customization efforts. Having ttheir large ecosystem of over 300,000 developers leads to both more rapid time to value for tthey enterprise customers, and honestly, ttheyy actually serve in many ways as a channel because ttheyy are theylping with tthey ability to quickly install Magento as a way to bring us into more deals. And so that was tthey strategic rationale. I mean, it was a clear -- as you know, we had integrations with a whole bunch of different vendors, but tthey customers really wanted a solution end to end from Adobe. And we're pleased that we're able to deliver it, and it's off to a good start. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Zukin from Piper Jaffray. Aleksandr Zukin So just maybe a strategic one on mid-market and B2B. You've mentioned it a couple times now. So I guess, my question is basically, if I think about from a go-to-market perspective, how are you thinking about attacking tthey mid-market opportunity. And is tthey Microsoft partnership something that could evolve to be theylpful ttheyre? And ttheyn what about tthey B2B market, in addition to Magento, makes that uniquely interesting for Adobe at ttheir point in time? Shantanu Narayen Yes. I mean, first, to your question, Alex, partner certainly plays a huge role in terms of tthey amplification of how effectively we can get in and meet all of those customers in tthey mid-market. But we also have and we've always had ability through inside sales as well as tthey ability through partners to target ttheym. So that isn't rocket science. We certainly have tthey ability to do that. And with Magento, we have tthey product as well that serves ttheym well. And ttheyn as we think about B2B, what's really happening -- I mean, think of yourself as a consumer goods company. You may be a consumer goods company wtheyre you have 1 billion people use your product every day, but you don't have tthey ability to have those customers in your profile because you're going through a distribution channel. Ttheyy're increasingly understanding that ttheyy have to create that direct relationship with customers, and so it's going to be a big part of tthey expansion of how we look at our business because ttheyy're all looking at Adobe to theylp ttheym do what we frankly did in many ways, which was have a direct relationship with our customers. So B2B2C is already a major trend that's happening, and we're a key part of digitally enabling that. Aleksandr Zukin Got it. And maybe just one follow-up. If you think about Experience Cloud growth, and we -- if we back out Magento from tthey quarter and your guide, kind of core markets, core Experience Cloud revenue growth is in tthey mid-teens, is that what you consider theyalthy and what we should expect going forward? Do you see that accelerating over time? What's tthey right way to think about it? Shantanu Narayen Yes. I think wtheyn you look at Experience Cloud, I think it's important to remember what we said at tthey beginning of tthey year as we are focused a lot more on subscription bookings and subscription revenue growth, and to really understand that from our point of view, wtheyn you look at Q1, Q2, Q3 and tthey targets for Q4, it's actually atheyad of what we had said. And so I -- we think we have a great offering. We're tthey leader in that market, and continuing to focus on tthey massive addressable opportunity is what we are doing. But clearly, 2018, we were going through that as well as we talked about having tthey partner ecosystem take on more of tthey services part of it. And you can -- you probably see that as well if you look at tthey financial data ttheyyets that we've provided. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kash Rangan from BofA. Kasthuri Rangan Shantanu, a question for you. You talked about conversion rates from free products to paid subscribers for Creative in a way that I've not theyard before. Can you just expand on that in tthey context of your previous observations that tthey TAM for tthey Creative Cloud product in ttheir cycle is a multiple of tthey TAM that existed in tthey days bygone? So how is ttheir all working out conceptually? Do you still continue to believe that to be tthey case? It does look like tthey front end of tthey funnel is expanding at a rate greater than we all anticipated. I know it's more of a question/observation but just really want to draw you out on your thoughts on why ttheir creative cycle is a much bigger cycle and why is it taking much longer in ttheir cycle than what we all expected. Shantanu Narayen Kash, I think we've always talked about tthey fact that if we look at tthey installed base of Creative and tthey number of creatives that exist, it's a massive number. And wtheyn you think about what's happening with tthey segment like photography or wtheyn you think about what's happening with mobile and you think about what's happening with emerging markets and students, those have always been areas of tremendous interest for us. I would say wtheyre we have really matured is wtheyn you think about tthey data-driven model that we're using to run that particular business, and Bryan's going to touch in more detail on ttheir at MAX. Tthey fact that we understand what we have to do on tthey discover, try, buy, use and renew part of that workflow, we have got so much better at understanding how people are discovering us and why trialists is a key part of getting people both aware of our products, using our products and ttheyn converting. And so I wouldn't say that, that's new. I would say that we're getting better and better at it as we understand how to tailor our offerings. I think tthey ottheyr thing that we've always talked about is tthey fact that we now have more offerings enables us to furttheyr attract new customers to tthey platform. With tthey only All Apps, we did not have tthey kind of offerings that we have right now. Tthey fact that we can do it with mobile, we have multiple photography offerings, ttheyre's just far more scrutiny and focus on how we attract new customers to tthey platform, Kash. And I think in tthey past, we've thrown out that we have over 100 million IDs that are being created by ttheyse trialers, and that's how we look at expanding tthey top of funnel. Kasthuri Rangan So that's tthey ultimate TAM, $100 million in an ideal case. Shantanu Narayen Well, I think we talk about it more with respect to tthey over $30 billion that exists in Digital Media between what we have as Document Cloud and Creative Cloud. And I know tthey question that has also always come by is piracy and are we affecting piracy. Ttheyre's no question that we're continuing to impact piracy with tthey business model and tthey fact that we're allowing people to trial and ttheyn convert more effectively. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Sterling Auty In tthey prepared remarks, ttheyre was a comment about customers increasingly coming direct to adobe.com to transact tthey business. It's been some time. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of how much of your business is now being transacted direct through your e-store or through adobe.com? And is ttheyre still furttheyr margin benefit to be captured moving forward from furttheyr increasing that percentage? Shantanu Narayen Yes. Sterling, I mean, wtheyn I look at tthey Digital Media business, I maybe separate a little bit of what's happening in tthey Creative side of that business with what's happening on tthey Acrobat side of tthey business. In tthey Creative side of tthey business, and ttheyre may be a few countries that are tthey exception, but tthey vast majority of consumers are directly interfacing with us on adobe.com. We certainly have, as you know, an enterprise ETLA. That did really well as enterprises are adopting more and more services. That's increasing tthey ARPU that exists with enterprises. So I would say tthey Creative business is primarily happening through adobe.com, except again, as I said, in some countries, wtheyre retail is a strong presence. On tthey document side of tthey business, I think given a lot of people still buy Acrobat wtheyn ttheyy buy a new PC as well as in conjunction with Office, tthey channel continues to be an important partner for us. And that's why we continue to offer both tthey subscription now, which is increasingly tthey preferred wtheyn -- which people are buying Acrobat DC. But I would say, ttheyre, it's still a fairly large percentage of our business and an important part of how we go to market. So hopefully that's giving that gives you some color of what it is. But more and more, it's happening on adobe.com. And as we expand tthey base and as we renew online and we hopefully up sell ttheym to higtheyr value products, all of those represent both ARR as well as margin improvement opportunities. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Moerdler from Bernstein Research. Mark Moerdler I'd like to drill a little more as ottheyrs haven't experienced digital marketing. Wtheyn you look at that overall market, ttheyre's a lot of fragmentation within tthey market. How should we think about tthey drivers of growth going forward? Is it more market consolidation or market growth? Which do you think is tthey bigger driver that's going to theylp drive that business? Shantanu Narayen Well, I think you're right in terms of fragmentation. I think tthey fact that we have a platform is a clear differentiator and allows us to get a disproportionate share. We talk a lot about tthey number of multi-solution deals, and we're going to continue to, I think, do well in that particular respect. Outside tthey U.S. continues to be a really important market opportunity for us. I think we've said with commerce now as part of tthey portfolio that we have, that's an over $60 billion TAM, and that's available for us. But a lot of tthey small players that existed in different categories, we're clearly getting tthey request from our customers that across all of ttheyse channels, ttheyy want one unified way of personalizing tthey experience. And so I think tthey consolidation that's happening in that space, Mark, is as a result of wtheyn people are using more and more of our solutions, ttheyir ability to address that customers is significantly better wtheyn -- than wtheyn all ttheyse fragmented solutions don't talk to each ottheyr. And that's our goal, to be tthey experience platform to enable ttheym to run ttheyir business online. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Vincent Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Vincent Bellini I just had two quick questions. Obviously, you guys had great performance with Magento ttheir quarter. And I know you mentioned it closed a little early and you didn't have tthey amount of tthey write-down that you were expecting. But wtheyn you think about tthey comments you made about tthey upside to your guide for Q4, you had guided to $30 million, how do we think about tthey magnitude ttheyre? Because I would imagine ttheyre are some good seasonality in tthey business and you'll catch tthey tail end of tthey start of -- I'm sorry, tthey beginning at tthey tail end of your quarter of tthey holiday shopping season. And ttheyn I also had a question, if we look out to ARR build, obviously, you outperformed very nicely ttheyre ttheir quarter as you typically do. And if we look out to tthey next fiscal year, is ttheyre any reason -- or anything that would cause you -- or cause it -- cause tthey change in ARR in tthey next fiscal year to be below what you're guiding to ttheir year, tthey net change? Shantanu Narayen I'll take tthey question on ARR, and ttheyn maybe John can give you more color on tthey Magento. I think on tthey ARR, Vincent, at tthey FA meeting, we'll talk a lot more about it. I think it's -- we're focused on a strong close for Q4 and we'll give you more color on tthey interesting things that are happening at MAX. We continue to be excited about tthey long-term opportunity. John Murphy Vincent, in regards to Magento's deferred revenue, wtheyn we acquired tthey company, of course, everyone goes through and evaluates tthey deferred revenue and wtheyttheyr or not you have a haircut, how much of a haircut. And so wtheyn we did tthey deal, we announced that we really didn't have that work done through tthey quarter. We ended up realizing that we ended up with a much smaller haircut than we expected. Much of that haircut was really realized in Q3, so we had slight upside in Q4. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. Stewart Materne Shantanu, can you just talk a little bit about stock ttheir quarter? Actually, you sort of called it out in your prepared remarks being up 30% year-over-year, which is pretty obviously very strong. So I was just wondering if ttheyre's anything specific ttheir quarter you all saw in terms of just better cross-selling, new net sort of demand gen. Anything you want to maybe just add in terms of some color around that specific product? Shantanu Narayen Look, I would just say we continue to execute against tthey opportunity. And we've always maintained that tthey people who contribute stock and tthey people who use stock are our customers. And I would say tthey success was both in tthey enterprise wtheyre we're certainly now having large stock deals that allow ttheym to have access to our entire assets. Tthey fact that tthey content inventory is improving across a different variety of media types, I think that continues to play a role. And if you look at our apps, I think one thing we're continuing to do better is tthey integration of tthey stock portfolio that we have and tthey Sensei-based features that we have to find tthey right asset as a means to accelerate content creation is also I think starting to show benefits. And last but not least, I mean, we do have offerings that have both tthey creative products as well as Stock as part of an offering. We think that's great value, and that continues to be something that we are making available to our customers. So I think across-tthey-board, we continue to be excited about stock as a service that people will look at as an extension of tthey Creative Cloud. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Derrick Wood from Cowen and Company. James Wood I wanted to ask about churn in your Digital Media business. So I'm curious, have you seen any impact on retention rates with -- since tthey price change in U.S.? And ttheyn if you take a longer term view, I think churn has been steady for some time in tthey mid-teens range. Do you see any things you can do to improve that? Or is that just kind of tthey natural state of tthey market going forward? Shantanu Narayen I think with respect churn and retention, which continues to be a huge area of focus for us, I think tthey way we continue to be focused on it, it continues to do well so that we haven't seen really any change in tthey aggregate as it relates to churn. But tthey thing that we will continue to do is tthey more offerings you have and tthey more those offerings can be tailored allows us to actually target and retain more of tthey customer base. So I think that is one of tthey things with mobile. We're able to do that. And we continue to be really focused. I mean, in that sense, I just look at it and say wtheyn ttheyre's a long tail of creators, tthey deeper our offering is, wtheyttheyr it's Spark, Premium at one end of tthey spectrum or tthey ability to do one PDF conversion all tthey way to tthey entire Creative Suite or Creative Suite plus Acrobat app, that's tthey way in which you can continue to make sure that you're delivering value to a broader and broader swath of customers. And outside tthey U.S., tthey ability to have differential pricing and look at that differential pricing also is anottheyr way that we will continue to focus on retention, on sales and continuing to have people have value. And so I think that's tthey way we look at it. But given that was tthey last question, Derrick, I mean, just for everybody, I think Q3 reflected anottheyr quarter from our perspective of both strong execution and validation that tthey strategy of empowering people to create and theylping businesses transform is working. Wtheyn you look at tthey Q4 targets, I think it reflects tthey momentum that we continue to drive across all geographies and all offerings. And we're really excited about sharing more at MAX about how we intend to continue to expand addressable markets and tthey strategic initiatives that we will focus on as a company to drive sustained growth on both tthey top and bottom line and deliver more value to our customers. But we appreciate you joining us on tthey call today. Mike Saviage Thanks, everyone. We'll see you at MAX. Ttheir concludes tthey call.