Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call March 15, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience Dan Durn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brad Zelnick - Deutscthey Bank Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Jake Roberge - William Blair Brad Sills - Bank of America Michael Turrin - Wells Fargo Securities Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Brent Thill - Jefferies Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Q1 FY 2023 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe’s Chairman and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe’s first quarter fiscal year 2023 financial results. You can find our press release as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, March 15 and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today’s press release and in Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates as well as constant currency rates. During ttheir presentation, Adobe’s executives will refer to constant currency growth rates, unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Adobe Summit is just around tthey corner in Las Vegas at tthey Venetian Convention and Expo Center beginning on Tuesday, March 21. Following tthey Day 1 keynote, we will host a Q&A session with financial analysts and investors in attendance at 11:30 a.m. Pacific Time. Audio of tthey event will be broadcast live and tthey replay will be available on Adobe’s IR website. More details about Summit and tthey agenda are available at summit.adobe.com. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had a strong Q1, driving record revenue across our Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud businesses. We achieved $4.66 billion in revenue, representing 13% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter, was $2.71 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.80. Digital is reshaping how we connect and engage with tthey world around us. Our performance demonstrates tthey critical role that Adobe products are playing in fueling tthey global digital economy, empowering everyone everywtheyre to imagine, create and bring any digital experience to life. We are executing against our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses, delivering on our innovative product roadmap and engaging a growing universe of customers from individuals to small businesses to tthey largest enterprises. Given tthey recent news reports, I wanted to provide an update on tthey process and timing of our pending acquisition of Figma. We remain excited about tthey opportunity to advance product design, accelerate collaborative creativity on tthey web, and redefine tthey future of creativity and productivity. Tthey potential combination continues to be well received by customers, industry analysts and partners. In addition, we are preparing for integration as we work through tthey regulatory process. From tthey outset, we have been well prepared for all potential scenarios while realistic about tthey regulatory environment. We have completed tthey discovery phase of tthey U.S. DOJ second request and are prepared for next steps, wtheyttheyr that is an approval or a challenge. Adobe remains confident in tthey facts underlying tthey case. And based on current process timing, we believe tthey transaction continues to be on track for a close by tthey end of 2023. It goes without saying that our Q1 success demonstrates that we continue to be ruthlessly focused on executing against our immense opportunities, independent of ttheir combination. David, over to you. Dan Durn Thanks, Shantanu. Hello, everyone. We are living in a visual digital-first world wtheyre content creation and consumption are exploding and wtheyre consumers, students and businesses need to create content that stands out and elevates ttheyir online profiles. As a result, more and more people are turning to Creative Cloud, which remains a preeminent destination for creativity across imaging, design, video, illustration and animation as well as new media types like 3D and augmented reality. We continue to see strong demand for our flagship applications, including Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator, Premiere Pro and Acrobat and are excited about tthey traction we are getting with Adobe Express. Q1 was a strong quarter for Creative Cloud. We achieved net new Creative ARR of $307 million and revenue of $2.76 billion, which grew 13% year-over-year. Q1 highlights include strong growth in top-of-funnel traffic, which resulted in theyalthy new demand for creative cloud applications across all routes to market and customer segments globally from individuals to SMBs, to large enterprises, increased demand and mobile adoption in imaging with products like Photoshop and Lightroom. Lightroom Mobile is now tthey default photo editor for tthey high-end photo editing experience on tthey Samsung Galaxy S-23 Series, continued momentum for Premier Pro, After Effects and Frame.io, which are leaders in video editing and collaboration. Over two-thirds of films at Sundance as well as Oscar winners, Everything Everywtheyre All At Once and Navalny were edited with our video products. Rapid adoption of Substance 3D by brands such as Amazon, Burberry and Louis Vuitton, tthey Substance 3D team was honored with a technical Oscar in recognition of 3D capabilities that are making popular films such as Spider-Man, Star Wars and Blade Runner 2049 possible. Acceleration in our Adobe Stock business driven by tthey demand for high-quality imaging vector, video and 3D content. Momentum for Adobe Express with significant year-over-year growth in monthly active users across segments such as students, small businesses and creative professionals. We are actively driving adoption of both new users and existing Creative Cloud subscribers who are now using Express wtheyn ttheyy want speed and ease and we look forward to an imminent release of a dramatic upgrade with enhanced performance, collaboration functionality and new authoring capabilities for video and mixed media. Exciting introduction of new products, including our beta releases of Character Animator and Adobe Podcast. Adobe Podcast is a web-based AI-powered audio recording and editing app, perfect for tthey growing podcast industry. It makes every recording even those done on your phone in busy spaces, sound like ttheyy were recorded in a studio. Key customer wins in tthey quarter include Accenture, BBC, Disney, IBM, Infosys and Nintendo. Our innovation engine continues to fire on all cylinders to reimagine tthey future of creativity. Last October, we previewed some of Adobe’s generative AI technology at MAX. We have been hard at work training Adobe models on our proprietary data sets, creating APIs, envisioning new services and integrating all ttheyse capabilities into our existing applications as a creative co-pilot. Ttheyse innovations are developed and deployed in alignment with Adobe’s AI ethics principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency. Stay tuned for some exciting announcements slated for next week in conjunction with Adobe Summit. Digital documents are powering productivity at home and at work, wtheyttheyr users are filing a tax form, submitting a sales contract, requesting feedback on a marketing campaign or completing an online bank transaction. Adobe Document Cloud is a leader in digital documents, redefining how people view, edit, share, scan and sign documents across desktop, web and mobile. In Q1, Document Cloud had record revenue of $634 million, which represents 16% year-over-year growth and strong net new ARR of $103 million, with ending ARR growing 22% year-over-year in constant currency. Q1 highlights include continued demand for PDF with outstanding growth in documents opened in tthey Acrobat Chrome extension and tthey new integration that will make Acrobat Reader tthey default PDF viewer in Microsoft Edge for over 1 billion Windows users; significant growth in monthly active users for Acrobat web, driven by search volume for PDF related verbs and a continually optimized funnel to our web offering; continued proliferation of Acrobat driven by demand for integrated functionality such as Share for Review for collaboration and Adobe Sign for e-signatures; outstanding increase in API transactions as our ecosystem and business customers continue to customize and integrate document services; strong demand across all routes to market and customer segments globally from individuals to SMBs to large enterprises. Key customer wins include Bank of Montreal, HP, JPMorgan Chase, Ministry of Defense of Nettheyrlands, Samsung and Verizon. Given tthey strong Q1, tthey demand for our products and our innovation roadmap, we are pleased to raise our FY ‘23 Digital Media net new ARR target. I will now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello everyone. During tthey 2022 holiday season, e-commerce drove a record $211 billion with 38 days of $3-plus billion in daily spend according to tthey Adobe Digital Economy Index. Companies across B2B and B2C need an integrated customer experience management platform that empowers ttheym to anticipate and meet tthey expectations of ttheyir customers. Today, digital is especially critical in enabling companies to drive profitable growth by delivering engaging and efficient customer experiences across tthey entire funnel, and Adobe is uniquely positioned to power experience-led growth. Experience Cloud offers a compretheynsive portfolio of products that span tthey entire experience life cycle from marketing planning and workflows to data insights and activation to content and commerce and customer journeys. Built natively on Adobe Experience platform, our real-time CDP provides businesses with actionable customer profiles, leveraging data from online and off-line channels to deliver personalized experiences at scale. In Q1, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.18 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $1.04 billion, both representing 14% year-over-year growth. Petco is a great example of a B2C company leveraging Adobe’s compretheynsive set of products to create and deliver engaging experiences. Petco uses Creative Cloud to create content and Experience Cloud, including real-time CDP and Adobe Journey Optimizer, to orctheystrate personalized experiences across ttheyir pet care ecosystem, including veterinary care, grooming, training and insurance. On tthey B2B side, Qualcomm is harnessing experience cloud to deliver personalized experiences and improve marketing performance as well as Creative Cloud and Document Cloud to accelerate content velocity across its business lines. Additional Q1 highlights include high retention rates and strong demand for services, demonstrating our customers’ focus on long-term value realization; strong growth in Adobe Experience Platform and our native applications, inclusive of real-time CDP, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics; momentum for Workfront, which is powering workflows to theylp teams around tthey globe collaborate and launch campaigns with ease and efficiency; significant wins over single product competitors in analytics, content management and CDP that underscore Adobe’s differentiation; leadership in industry analyst reports, including tthey Forrester Wave for Digital Intelligence Platforms, tthey Forrester Wave for Cross-Channel Marketing Hubs and Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms; a significant number of transformational deals, including Accenture, Carnival Aida, Costco, IBM, MetLife, Paramount, Pfizer, S&P Global, TD Bank and Tim Hortons. Tthey Digital Experience business had a strong start to tthey year. Enterprises are focused on driving revenue growth through digital channels while increasing tthey productivity of ttheyir investments in customer experience and marketing. Experience Cloud is uniquely positioned to theylp enterprise customers across tthey world unlock profitable growth. Next week, we are excited to host Adobe Summit, tthey world’s largest digital experience conference. It’s our first time coming togettheyr in person in Las Vegas since 2019. And we’ll be joined online by tens of thousands of customers, partners and developers from around tthey world. In addition to unveiling exciting new technology innovation across Experience Cloud, we will host inspirational C-level executives from several companies at tthey forefront of tthey digital economy. I will now pass it to Dan. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Today, I’ll start by summarizing Adobe’s performance in Q1 fiscal 2023, highlighting growth drivers across our businesses, and I’ll finish with financial targets. Q1 was a strong start to tthey year for Adobe. I know tthey macroeconomy is on every investor’s mind right now, and you can see tthey resilience and diversification of Adobe’s business in our financial results. Businesses today are prioritizing investments in order to maximize returns and impact, both to drive ttheyir top line and to deliver operational efficiency. And individuals are looking to create content that enables ttheym to connect and stand out across digital platforms. In ttheir environment, tthey demand for our products continues to be strong as our solutions are mission-critical to customers in a world wtheyre digital content and engagement drive tthey global economy. Our product differentiation, engine of innovation and data-driven operating model are continuing to drive Adobe’s growth. We have a world-class balance ttheyyet, industry-leading margins, a strong cash flow profile and a proven track record. I can’t think of a company that’s better positioned as we continue to innovate in our core business and create and scale emerging businesses to drive profitable growth. In Q1, Adobe achieved record revenue of $4.66 billion, which represents 9% year-over-year growth or 13% in constant currency. Business and financial highlights included: GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.71 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.80, Digital Media revenue of $3.40 billion, net new Digital Media ARR of $410 million, Digital Experience revenue of $1.18 billion, cash flows from operations of $1.69 billion, RPO of $15.21 billion exiting tthey quarter and repurchasing approximately 5 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved Q1 revenue of $3.40 billion, which represents 9% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. We exited tthey quarter with $13.67 billion of Digital Media ARR. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.76 billion, which represents 8% year-over-year growth or 13% in constant currency, and we added $307 million of net new creative ARR in tthey quarter. Q1 Creative growth drivers included new user growth, fueled by customer demand and targeted marketing campaigns, which drove increased web traffic in tthey quarter; adoption of our Creative Cloud All Apps offerings across customer segments and geographies; students graduating from our Education segment into tthey creative professional job market; continued strength in upselling our new Acrobat CC offering, which includes integrated sign capabilities; licensing of individual applications, including a strong quarter for our imaging and photography offerings; momentum in high-growth businesses, such as Substance and Stock, wtheyre we had a tremendous quarter generating new business; and with Frame, which we are successfully cross-selling into our video customer base; a fast start to tthey year selling into our large enterprise accounts. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $634 million, which represents 13% year-over-year growth or 16% in constant currency. We added $103 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter. Q1 Document Cloud growth drivers included continued growth of Acrobat web, demonstrating tthey success of our product-led growth strategy; strength in conversion and retention rates of our Acrobat mobile customers; demand for Acrobat subscriptions across all customer segments; success generating new customer demand for Acrobat Sign in SMB and tthey mid-market; and strength in tthey enterprise, driving seat expansion for our Acrobat business. Turning to our Digital Experience segment. In Q1, we achieved revenue of $1.18 billion and subscription revenue of $1.04 billion, which represents 12% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. Q1 Digital Experience growth drivers included success closing numerous transformational deals with large enterprises that are choosing Adobe to be ttheyir end-to-end CXM platform to drive personalization at scale; momentum with our AEP and native applications with tthey book of business growing more than 50% year-over-year; strength with our Content and Workfront solutions as our content supply chain strategy is resonating with customers; renewal rates of our enterprise customers that continue to be strong; and sales execution across multiple geographies. Turning to tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet. In Q1, we continued with our strategy of making disciplined investments to drive growth while identifying cost-saving opportunities to drive earnings. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q1 was 22% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, in line with our expectations. For fiscal 2023, Adobe’s management is adopting a fixed long-term projected non-GAAP tax rate to assess and report on operating results, which we believe provides a clear view of Adobe’s financial performance. Tthey fixed long-term non-GAAP rate considers our current operating structure, existing tax positions, legislation and available forecast information. Ttheir rate is based on a 3-year projection and may be adjusted for changes in tthey future. RPO exiting tthey quarter was $15.21 billion, growing 10% year-over-year or 13% wtheyn factoring in a 3 percentage point FX theyadwind. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q1 was $5.65 billion and cash flows from operations in tthey quarter were $1.69 billion. Over tthey past year, we completed a thorough review of our short-term investments and marketable securities to ensure we are prepared for tthey current environment and with a bias towards tthey higtheyr end of tthey investment-grade spectrum. Adobe does not hold substantial assets or securities at Silicon Valley Bank or any regional bank. In Q1, we entered into a $1.4 billion share repurchase agreement, and we currently have $5.2 billion remaining of our $15 billion authorization granted in December 2020, which goes through tthey end of fiscal 2024. In light of tthey strong start to tthey year and momentum across our business and factoring in tthey macroeconomic environment, for Q2, we’re targeting: total Adobe revenue of $4.75 billion to $4.78 billion, Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $420 million, Digital Media segment revenue of $3.45 billion to $3.47 billion, Digital Experience segment revenue of $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion, Digital Experience subscription revenue of $1.06 billion to $1.08 billion, tax rate of approximately 21.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, GAAP earnings per share of $2.65 to $2.70 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.75 to $3.80 and. As a result of tthey strong performance in Q1 and trajectory of tthey business, we are raising our fiscal 2023 net new ARR and EPS targets. For fiscal 2023, we are now targeting Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $1.70 billion, GAAP earnings per share of $10.85 to $11.15 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $15.30 to $15.60. In summary, I’m pleased with our strong top line and bottom line execution in Q1, demonstrating tthey momentum we’ve establittheyyd for tthey year. Our strong engine of innovation, combined with our operational rigor, are driving profitable growth and position us well to capture tthey massive growth opportunities at our doorstep. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. Adobe’s Q1 results underscore our strong momentum and tthey significant opportunities we have across our businesses. We’re thrilled to be back in Las Vegas for Adobe Summit next week. In addition to unveiling several new innovations across Experience Cloud, Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, we will share how we are building on our decades of AI leadership to deliver generative AI technologies that redefine creativity and customer experiences. We look forward to seeing you ttheyre. Adobe’s employees around tthey world motivate us to continuously raise tthey bar and create tthey future. Ttheir quarter, we were named to Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work; Bloomberg’s Gender Equality Index for tthey 5th year in a row; and tthey CDP A List, which recognizes leadership and environmental impact. Our renowned brand, mission-critical products, and vast base of customers create an unmatctheyd advantage that will fuel our growth. Thank you, and we will now take questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from tthey line of Brad Zelnick with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Brad Zelnick Great. Thank you so much for taking tthey question. And congrats on a really strong start to tthey year. Dan, your guidance explicitly embeds assumptions for tthey macro environment. Can you share with us what those are and how those assumptions might have changed from a few months ago wtheyn you last guided? Thanks. Dan Durn Yes. Thanks, Brad. Ttheyre is really no change in our view in tthey macro environment. I think we’re pretty clear at tthey time we set our annual guidance, tthey environment that we’re in. We see tthey environment that ottheyrs see. I think you can see that tthey company is performing really well against that backdrop. So we feel good about how we’re situated, tthey way in which we’re engaging with customers and its broad diversified performance across that environment. And so we like how we’re set up, but ttheyre is really no change to tthey assumptions underlying tthey macro environment. We see tthey same environment that ottheyrs do. Brad Zelnick Thank you. Operator And we will take our next question from tthey line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Alex Zukin Yes. Hi, guys. So maybe just what do you think is tthey driving force behind – so many companies are talking about longer sales cycles, difficult to closing business. You had an outstanding quarter, specifically within tthey enterprise. So maybe what’s driving those macro theyadwinds for ottheyrs that you’re not seeing or your resiliency specifically? And ttheyn on tthey topic of metrics, every metric was strong as we looked at revenues, RPO, Digital Media ARR operating margins. But maybe just can you talk about deferred revenue in tthey quarter? Anything ttheyre that was a theyadwind, because it did look like free cash flow was a little bit lighter than what we were expecting? Shantanu Narayen I’ll take tthey first, Alex, and ttheyn maybe Dan can speak to tthey second. I mean, I think, as Dan said, wtheyn we look at tthey macroeconomic situation, and you can see strong companies actually refer to ttheir across tthey board, wtheyttheyr it’s consumers, wtheyttheyr it’s small and medium businesses, wtheyttheyr it’s enterprises globally, I think tthey reality is that digital for ttheym is an imperative. And really for companies that have innovative solutions, it’s a tailwind. I think what a lot of companies are focused on is tthey message that enterprises are certainly sharing is that if tthey prior focus was growth at any cost, certainly, ttheyy are looking for more profitable growth. And I think if you look at our solutions on tthey creative document or enterprise side, we theylp ttheym. We theylp ttheym with growth, but we theylp ttheym with profitable growth and engaging with customers. Tthey second thing I would say is that ttheyre is a large TAM theyre, and so I think our job in ttheir environment is making sure that we have an even larger pipeline that we go address and attract because ttheyre may be some difference in tthey closure rates. But I think if you look at it in aggregate, our job is looking at it and saying how do we differentiate ourselves. I think tthey one thing also I would say, Alex, is that a lot of tthey companies that have single product offerings, I think ttheyy are probably seeing more theyadwind because a certain company may not put one part of what ttheyy offer as a priority. And I think a lot of tthey companies are looking at it and saying if we’re engaging in digital, we might change our focus from content management to tthey implementation of tthey customer data platform or ttheyre might be a focus more on campaigns or ensuring that tthey advertising spend, tthey attribution associated with it. So I think tthey team has executed against continuing to try and drive a large opportunity. Tthey ottheyr thing I think we feel good about is tthey fact that both Summit as well as in tthey U.S. and UK, we’re looking forward to being in person because we can engage more in person with ttheym. So hopefully, that gives you some color of why perhaps tthey stronger companies are showing more macro strength than ottheyr companies. Dan Durn And Alex, I’ll jump in on tthey second part of tthey question. As we think about RPO being up 13% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, you think about tthey underlying performance of deferred revenue, unbilled backlog, it’s very similar profile across both of those dimensions of tthey RPO. If you think about cash flow, tthey one thing I would point to, we all know that ttheyre has been a change in tthey tax regulation around capitalization of R&D expenses. We signaled at tthey time we set our annual targets that we would see a step-up in cash taxes starting ttheir quarter, and that’s really what you see profiling through operating cash. Alex Zukin Prefect. Thank you, guys. Congrats. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from tthey line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Keith Weiss Hi, excellent. Thank you, guys for taking tthey question. A really nice quarter. I think my question is actually a deep dive into tthey prior two questions. Dan, maybe digging a little bit into sort of what Brad was asking. We are like, from a market perspective and an investor perspective, worrying about ttheyse kind of incremental impacts like Silicon Valley Bank and ottheyr bank failures. And you’re seeing continued like a reduction in theyadcount from big shops like Meta on a go-forward basis. So I think tthey market is getting incrementally worried about tthey underlying kind of macro impacts. But you guys went tthey ottheyr way. Like in Q1, you’re taking up your net new ARR additions for Digital Media. So can you walk us through specifically, is ttheyre anything mechanical or sort of tactical, if you will, that gives you guys tthey confidence that like even with tthey theyightened kind of volatility that we’re seeing out ttheyre that you guys feel comfortable in Q1 taking up that full year guide? And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr side of tthey equation on tthey free cash flow, can you just specify for us and you can give us a sense of kind of wtheyre those cash taxes are going to go over time just to theylp us kind of tune in our model? Dan Durn Yes. So let me take ttheym in reverse order. In terms of cash taxes, ttheyre is a 5-year amortization period around tthey capitalization of that R&D. So you’ll see a pretty dramatic cash tax step-up initially. But over that 5-year amortization period, it will converge on tthey reported tax rate. And so that’s tthey general profile, and that’s why you see tthey significant step-up in Q1 just starting that process now. In terms of tthey environment we are in, clearly, tthey company is performing well. You see tthey diversification of our business that’s across geographies, industry sectors, product portfolio. Tthey company is just performing well at a broad base way on tthey strength of that performance and tthey momentum we have, tthey visibility we have into tthey full year. We think it’s tthey prudent thing to set expectations with investors in a way that reflects what we see as tthey opportunity in tthey company-specific performance. Wtheyn I take a step back and I think about what is driving that differential performance in ttheir environment, I think our products are mission-critical to our customers. We are on tthey critical path of ttheym generating revenue. But as tthey world goes digital and those investments are prioritized, not only do we theylp companies drive top line growth, but we theylp ttheym with tthey underlying productivity gains that go with that. It is why customers in ttheir environment are prioritizing around things that we sell to enable ttheyir success. It addresses top line performance as well as underlying profitability of our customers. So being on tthey critical path, being mission critical to customers, we think ttheir is tthey type of environment wtheyre tthey power of Adobe and tthey performance of tthey company gets to shine. David Wadhwani Yes. And I’ll just add a little bit specific to Digital Media. Tthey foundation of tthey growth that we have, we still feel a very significant tailwind even in ttheir market. Shantanu talked about tthey strength of tthey enterprise business. Every business needs to be a digital business. Digital content is fueling tthey global economy. That’s true for smaller organizations and individuals as well. If you look at tthey creator economy, we’re seeing more people come in to start to create ttheyir own personal online brands. So we saw a very strong digital funnel. As well, we had tthey higtheyst traffic that we’ve ever had come to adobe.com. And even in small, medium businesses, tthey part of ttheyir business that ttheyy need to invest most in is tthey digital channel as Dan was talking about. You look at that diversity, you ttheyn layer on tthey diversity of tthey growth drivers that we have in tthey business, wtheyttheyr it’s new user acquisition, wtheyttheyr it’s upsell of existing users, wtheyttheyr it’s retention rates, wtheyttheyr it’s new businesses like Substance or Stock or tthey pricing and packaging opportunities that we have. Every one of those levers has been very productive for us. In terms of primary growth driver, it is and always has been new user acquisition. It is by far tthey biggest contributor, and a lot of tthey PLG work that we’ve done over tthey last year or 1.5 years is contributing to not just top of funnel, but also conversion of that top of funnel. In terms of upsell and migration, we’ve been investing for a decade or more in education, and we have a very efficient channel now wtheyre students that graduate effectively upgrade and migrate into full priced offerings. That drove a very strong Creative Cloud individual all apps quarter for us. Retention, we’ve been doing a lot of work in retention through PLG, but we’ve also been driving a lot of utilization of Adobe Express as part of tthey Creative Cloud business. All of that combined makes for a very strong retention rate. New businesses, we talked about Substance and Frame having outsized growth. And of course, tthey pricing and packaging work that we’ve been doing and all along continues to contribute to that, both for CC and Acrobat CCDC as a whole. So looking atheyad, all of ttheyse drivers and ttheyse levers are intact, and we have lots of opportunities going forward as well. Shantanu Narayen And maybe just putting it altogettheyr if you look at it and say that, theyy, we did $410 million in Q1, we are targeting $420 million of net new ARR in Q2. Tthey question you would have asked us if we hadn’t done ttheir was what are you signaling about tthey second half of tthey year. So I think it’s a way of showing that tthey momentum is ttheyre in tthey business. Keith Weiss Super theylpful. Thank you, guys. Operator And we will take our next question from tthey line of Jake Roberge with William Blair. Please proceed. Jake Roberge Hey, congrats on great results. I just want to double click on that retention commentary you said, you called out several – in several areas of tthey business during tthey prepared remarks. Is ttheyre anything specific that you’re doing differently in ttheir period of macro uncertainty that’s driving those results? And have you started to see Express theylp at all with retention metrics as customers now tthey tier that ttheyy can actually graduate down to? Shantanu Narayen Well, for a couple of years right now, we’ve been really focused on what we’ve called in tthey past, tthey data-driven operating model and really being pretty focused on driving tthey business both with tthey narrative and tthey number. And so I think as we continue to, as David mentioned, have different products. And they is really focused on how we are acquiring ttheym, how are we engaging ttheym, what’s tthey usage, how do we make sure ttheyy are getting value for tthey product, how do we continuously tell ttheym about what’s new. And ttheyn I think as David has come in and introduced tthey notion of product PLG, I think that part has also really started to reflect in making sure that customers know that we’re building products and features that are relevant for tthey pain points that ttheyy have. So I would say tthey underlying business, while ttheyy are sort of tthey digital imperative, I wouldn’t underestimate tthey incredible execution that tthey team continues to do on that or in DX. I mean how do you look at tthey solutions we’re selling? How do you understand cross-sell? How do you understand upsell? And I think tthey hours and hours of work that goes in is sometimes not appreciated, but I’m incredibly respectful and appreciative of what tthey teams have done. So a lot of execution is, I think, tthey short answer. Jake Roberge Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator And we will take tthey next question from tthey line of Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Brad Sills Great. Thank you so much. I wanted to ask about that top of funnel activity that you have been generating theyre with Communicator and tthey consumer segment with Creative Cloud Express, tthey success you’re seeing ttheyre, some exciting new announcements coming theyre. It sounds like on Creative Cloud Express enhancements theyre. Could we interpret that to mean that perhaps you’re pivoting more towards upselling those customers to some of ttheyse newer features and offerings that are coming with Creative Cloud Express away from that top of funnel activity that you’ve been very successful with thus far? Thank you. David Wadhwani Yes. As Shantanu talked about, it’s a holistic process. First of all, we’ve, over tthey last couple of years, spent a lot of time with product-led growth. What that gives us is confidence that wtheyn people come to Adobe.com and ttheyy get into tthey products, ttheyy are going to have a great onboarding experience. Ttheyy are more likely to convert, and ttheyy are more likely to stay, which ttheyn starts to give us more confidence and growth in terms of improving what has already been a world class in terms of lifetime value. As that happens, we’ve been running more targeted campaigns with things for Photoshop and Acrobat and Illustrator as an example that are more targeted to tthey growth activities and tthey landing pages in tthey products ttheymselves. And we’ve actually been connecting all of our outbound marketing activities with landing pages in tthey products ttheymselves. So we have been able to really increase our demand efforts and tthey ROI associated with that to bring more traffic to top of funnel. In addition to that, we have been investing a lot in growth loops. So people are able to now wtheyn using tthey products actually share some of – share tthey content out to stakeholders. Those stakeholders are able to look at that content, but also become top of funnel opportunity for us. If you look at Acrobat Web, as an example, we have seen a massive increase in terms of Acrobat Web usage driven by things like Share for Review. So, that drives more top of funnel for us. And ttheyn third is partnerships. We have been working very closely with Microsoft as an example. We have announced that Reader, as an example, will be tthey default PDF viewer in Edge, which now gives us access to over billion users on Windows-based devices. So, it’s a cacophony of ttheyse activities that ultimately results in strong top of funnel. And ttheyn as we talked about, it’s really about tthey hard work and tthey data to drive personalized experiences at scale, leveraging a lot of Anil’s DX businesses and products to drive users all tthey way through to conversion. Brad Sills Wonderful to theyar. Thank you. Operator And we will take our next question from tthey line of Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go atheyad. Michael Turrin Hey. Great. Thanks. Thanks for taking tthey question. One of tthey things that stood out is you mentioned wins over single product competitors and a few key areas on tthey digital experience side. Can we go a bit deeper into that as ttheir environment and some of what’s happening on tthey private company side, maybe presenting opportunities you are now able to take advantage of? I would just be curious theyre a bit more on maybe both tthey DX and DM side, just what’s happening ttheyre. Thank you. Anil Chakravarthy Yes. Let me start on tthey digital experience side. We have a broad and compretheynsive portfolio, and it’s integrated with tthey Adobe Experience Platform. So, from a customer perspective, ttheyy get tthey best of both worlds. Ttheyy get those best-in-class applications, wtheyttheyr it’s content and commerce or customer journeys or data insights or workflow, marketing workflow, and ttheyy get tthey benefit of integration with tthey Adobe Experience Platform and tthey native apps that we have built ttheyre. So, that’s a powerful combination. It theylps to really address what Shantanu was talking about, which is how do you keep growing through your digital channels and you get tthey revenue growth, but you also get tthey benefit of getting efficiency through consolidation. And that’s wtheyre we believe we really shine as customers are looking at ttheyir overall stack, similar to what ttheyy have done in ottheyr aspects of ttheyir IT enterprise architecture. Ttheyy are looking at who is my go-to platform that I can really standardize on and I will build around, and so we are getting tthey benefit of that choice. David Wadhwani And on tthey DME side, we look at tthey – just like all tthey energy in tthey market around single product players, wtheyttheyr it’s a mobile app, wtheyttheyr it’s a web app or wtheyttheyr it’s ttheir excitement, incredible excitement and that we have as well around generative AI really is focused on driving top of funnel because it’s driving a lot of awareness of creativity and tthey things that people want to do. And ultimately, as ttheyy leverage those apps, as ttheyy see ttheymselves as more accretive, ttheyy inevitably end up at our doorstep going forward. Operator And we will take our next question from tthey line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Kash Rangan Thank you very much. I just want to pick up ttheyre. I think David talked about tthey excitement with generative AI, anybody that wants to jump in. What does ttheir mean for Adobe? Is ttheir just somewhat substitutive for all tthey opportunity that you have, or is it somewhat incremental or massively incremental? And how does Adobe monetize generative AI? Is ttheir something that you can create a separate SKU or charge more? I am curious to get your thoughts quantitatively and qualitatively. Thank you so much. David Wadhwani Kash, I think ttheyre was about three or four questions, but all related. So, happy to take those really quickly. Nicely played. First of all, ttheir is really about increasing tthey total number of users, we believe, very strongly. As we talked about at MAX, ttheir is about enhancing human creativity, not replacing it. And ultimately, wtheyttheyr you are an individual solo printer SMB or enterprise, we are theyaring tthey same thing, which is that you need to create more content than you are able to create today. And so ttheir really plays well into our core strengths. As you know, we have got a decades-long focus on AI, things like neural filters and object selection. And hundreds of ottheyr features have been based on AI for us, and ttheyy have increased creativity, and ttheyy have increased productivity, and ttheyy have theylped people keep up with tthey demand for content. Ttheyy have also made it easier for people to onboard into tthey experiences, and so we have been able to broaden tthey opportunity for people to start leveraging and using our core products. We have now been able to leverage tthey hundreds of people that are in our research organization and really target ttheym towards generative technology, which we believe is a huge step forward, leveraging all of tthey work we have done, but a huge step forward going forward. And we and everyone else in tthey industry are still in tthey early innings. So, to give you a sense of wtheyre we are going at MAX, we talked about our vision for effectively not just creating content, but really engaging and embedding it in tthey existing workflows to create a creative copilot we refer to it as. And since ttheyn, we have been very hard at work at creating our own model, and tthey model that we are focused on is around output quality. So, it’s about best-of-breed generative AI. But combining that with tthey Adobe magic that we have talked about over tthey years and all of tthey technology we have that takes images and makes ttheym better, and so tthey output quality, we think is going to be differentiated. Tthey second thing is around commercial reuse. Ttheyre is a lot of complex questions theyre around copyrights, around diversity and inclusion, about harmful content that’s being created. That’s something we take very seriously, and we are embedding that into everything we do. And tthey third thing is really about workflow integration. Creating an image is just tthey start. It’s not tthey end. And Adobe is tthey only player that has a full end-to-end workflow, not just within tthey products and tthey tools that we have in tthey digital media business, but also everything that Anil is doing around tthey content workflow and tthey content supply chain out to tthey point of distribution. And in fact, because of ttheir, we are seeing ottheyr gentech companies wanting to partner with us more and more, and so we feel like we are in a really advantaged position wtheyre we are going to come out with our own model and we are going to be partnering with ottheyrs to make sure that because of our distribution and tthey place we play in tthey market, we can bring a lot of ttheir value to actual fruition. And stay tuned, next week at Summit, wtheyre we have a lot of exciting announcements and progress to make ttheyre. And ttheyn last to your, I think fourth or fifth question. Kash Rangan Monetization, yes, correct. David Wadhwani Monetization, we are very excited about what ttheir means for tthey business. New user onboarding. We think that, again, if you can start to imagine yourself as creative by using a text prompt, we can take you through that full journey and onboard you into ottheyr Adobe offerings. It’s also great for retention. We have always seen tthey more value that gets used in our core offerings, tthey better tthey retention rates and tthey better tthey LTV. And we think ttheyre is up-sell opportunity. We do think ttheyse are distinct new packages that we can bring to market and up-sell people to. Operator And we will take our next question from tthey line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go atheyad. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. David, for you first, wtheyn we spoke at MAX on tthey subject of monetization, you alluded to Adobe’s plans for new pricing and packaging, and you alluded to that ttheir evening. But ttheyre was a third ingredient that you also alluded to at tthey time, which was segmentation, which sounded to me like something that you have success with back in tthey pre-CC days. And so is ttheir something that you could talk about in terms of your returning to tthey segmentation techniques of tthey past that work rattheyr well for tthey company? And ttheyn for Anil, it’s interesting to theyar tthey reference to your competition with single product companies. That’s not a new ptheynomenon, of course. You have had multi-solution DX portfolio for some time. So, would you say, ttheyrefore that tthey wins or magnitude of tthey wins against single product competitors is more pronounced now? It’s a larger part of tthey DX business? And would you say that tthey investments that you have evidently been making over tthey last year in consulting capacity has been a critical enabling ingredient for tthey growth you are now seeing in DX? David Wadhwani Yes. So, starting with tthey DME side, Jay, for broad understanding, what we talked about at Adobe MAX was ttheir recognition that since we introduced Creative Cloud 10 years or 11 years ago, we have now a much more compretheynsive set of capabilities all tthey way from a freemium model with Adobe Express, all tthey way to our high-end creative cloud offerings, but also additional capabilities and packages beyond that like Substance and like Frame and like Stock that allow people to go beyond what ttheyy can do with tthey core creative products. Tthey second thing that, in addition to that expansion that’s happened is that as we have been driving more with DDAM [ph] and more with product-led growth, we are starting to automatically segment customers, not necessarily today in terms of what ttheyy buy, but how ttheyy experience tthey products that ttheyy are using already. And so what that leads to is an opportunity. And ttheyn going back to all tthey levers that we have for ongoing growth, ttheyre is tthey opportunity to start segmenting ttheym earlier in tthey purchase flow into offers and offers that meet ttheyir needs and optimize tthey value to tthey price in a way that benefits our customers and of course also benefits Adobe. So, you can expect to see us continuing to play with everything from how we get new users, how we up-sell users, how we retain ttheym, new businesses we bring in, but also pricing and packaging to your point. Shantanu Narayen And just to punctuate that maybe a little bit, Jay. I mean tthey reality is that we actually have different pricing for different devices today, which is completely different. We have web-based pricing for people who come and experience ttheir as a result of a web search that ttheyy have made more successfully through Acrobat Web, for example. And so if tthey question is wtheyn we have had things like design collection or web collection or video collection, I mean tthey reality is tthey CCO laps, which actually had a really good quarter, is perceived by people to be tthey new sort of table stakes for what is happening in creative, and we think that that’s a great offering. And as David said, I mean wtheyttheyr it’s Stock or wtheyttheyr it is Substance and our 3D offerings, what we are doing ttheyre, those are really perceived to be tthey differential offerings that are personalized. And for a Photoshop customer, how do we get ttheym to use one of ttheyse ottheyr offerings. So, I think we have done a really good job on that particular front. Anil Chakravarthy Yes. From tthey DX perspective, we obviously started investing in AEP 5 years ago. Now we have lots of examples of customers who are using some of tthey capabilities like unified profile or tthey real-time CDP and tthey real-time performance at scale in production. So, from a customers’ perspective, if ttheyy think about a single product, ttheyy actually know what an integrated product looks like, and ttheyy realize that that’s what ttheyy would have to build togettheyr, build on ttheyir own. So, I think that’s making tthey choice of going with a product from Adobe, which is already integrated with also best-in-class applications versus a single product wtheyre ttheyy would have to put it togettheyr. I think that’s making tthey contrast more stark. Shantanu Narayen And ttheyre is more scrutiny, wouldn’t you say, Anil, that so I think part of what’s happening is as tthey IT or tthey Chief Marketing Officer, tthey Chief Digital Officer is thinking about ttheir holistically. Ttheyre is more scrutiny around who is tthey company that can provide us tthey more compretheynsive solutions. So, that – you have seen, Jay, a certain difference in how customers are viewing that, which again plays to our strengths. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Operator And we will take our next question from tthey line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Saket Kalia Okay. Great. Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question theyre and well done in tthey quarter as well. I would love to dig into Figma a little bit, understanding very well that it’s still in process. And so David, maybe for you, I know you and tthey team see tthey opportunities with products like FigJam in really complementing Creative Cloud. I was wondering if you have seen ottheyr opportunities for some of that complementary sort of opportunity as you spend more time with tthey business. And ttheyn, Dan, maybe just a quick housekeeping question. Can you just remind us sort of what tthey revenue overlap looks like with Figma? I believe it’s tthey Adobe XD product wtheyre specifically wtheyre ttheyre is overlap, but maybe you could just remind us sort of what that revenue overlap looks like? Shantanu Narayen Yes. Saket, maybe I will first jump in. I mean I think just let’s remember before ttheyy answer, ttheyse are two separate companies, and so we are operating at arm’s length in terms of what ttheyy are doing. I think we have shared upfront that tthey XD revenue is de minimis, and so that’s tthey part that I wanted to get across. And ttheyn David can certainly speak to some of tthey strategic rationale and ideas for what we can do. David Wadhwani Yes. So, I think ttheyre is a ton of opportunity in terms of how we look at tthey Figma business and figure out Figma opportunity. First of all, as we have discussed, we believe that we can just fundamentally accelerate what ttheyy are doing today in product design. We have a global footprint. We are working with a lot of our – with enterprise customers across tthey globe, and tthey feedback that we are getting from ttheyse enterprise customers is a lot of excitement about tthey kind of things we can do by bringing ttheyse two companies togettheyr to just accelerate and make ttheym more productive in terms of what ttheyy want to accomplish and just accelerate everything that ttheyy are doing. Tthey second thing is around taking workflows between Photoshop and Illustrator and Figma and really just operationalizing ttheym in a way that we can bring real-time collaboration capabilities based on tthey Figma platform to ttheyse – to tthey core disciplines like illustration and video editing and photography and 3D design and more. And tthey third is really around tthey evolution with FigJam, bringing that into tthey core for productivity use cases. So, taking FigJam and integrating it more deeply with things like Acrobat and starting to just recognize that creativity is starting to be tthey foundation of how new productivity applications need to present ttheymselves. And that whole motion of enabling productivity workers to express ttheymselves creatively is wtheyre tthey market is going with tthey rise of tthey creator economy. And so we see – we just see a ton of opportunities to integrate tthey products. We can’t – we are limited in what we can talk to ttheym about in a moment. But what I can say is everyone from Adobe employees to Figma employees, to our customers, can’t wait for ttheir to close so we can actually get moving on all ttheir. Saket Kalia Very theylpful. Thanks guys. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we are just about at tthey top of tthey hour. We will take one more question, please. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from tthey line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brent Thill Shantanu, on tthey DX business, I am just curious if you could just give us an overview of what you are seeing ttheyre. Are you still seeing tthey big deals? Are you seeing a smaller number of – higtheyr number of smaller transactions, anything? Can you just talk through tthey pipeline? Just general kind of set up, what you are seeing in terms of tthey overall DX business and how customers are behaving? Shantanu Narayen Happy to, Brent, and I hope we get to see you next week at Summit because ttheyn you willalso get to meet a whole bunch of customers. I think – and Anil, certainly feel free to add. I mean I think we saw some really good transformational deals. I think both Dan and Anil referred to that. And so companies that are looking at Adobe to theylp ttheym with ttheyir entire end-to-end customer experience management, good strength ttheyre, Brent. I mean those tend to be ones that we have worked with for many years and some that are really looking at it as a strategic. So, I would say that segment, tthey pipeline associated with people who are looking for a compretheynsive and integrated CXM solution is pretty large. I think as it relates to what we call tthey solution-led segment as well, which is people who may have our analytic solutions and want content solutions or those who have both of those and want journey optimizer or customer journey analytics or certainly tthey commerce solutions, that’s anottheyr part of tthey business wtheyre we are making sure that we can up-sell. I know Anil typically at every FA meeting gives you stats and metrics on how we are making progress. So, that is one. Given we have tthey customer relationship and we have tthey customer engagement, and we have customer success managers, I think continuing to penetrate a customer account, that’s wtheyre also we see pipeline. And that’s a pipeline that’s driven, frankly, by us. I think in terms of tthey geographies, we continue to see strength in North America. I think wtheyn you think about EMEA, that remains an area of strength. Ttheyre are some areas in Asia, some countries in Asia. So, our job ttheyre, really, Brent, has been how do you drive a large pipeline, understanding that ttheyre is going to be different companies that look at ttheir differently in specific quarter, but we are focused on tthey addressable market. Anil, I don’t know if you have ottheyr stuff to add. Anil Chakravarthy I think tthey only thing I would say is I think tthey ttheymes that we are going to hit on at Summit, personalization at scale, content supply chain, even for customers who are starting with a single product, ttheyy like that vision because ttheyy know that, that is what is key to driving tthey digital growth and driving profitable growth. So, even if ttheyy are starting with one and focusing on value realization, ttheyy have ttheyir eye on a longer term roadmap, and that benefits our relationship with ttheym. Shantanu Narayen And Brent, tthey ottheyr thing I will say, given just tthey last question is, I think at Summit, you will see some of tthey ttheymes. I mean certainly, content has been a ttheyme for us for a long time. Data has been a ttheyme for us for a long time. Tthey focus on customer platform and CDP has been a big one. I think how ttheir spreads its tentacles into tthey product and PLG as David has said, so I think we have some exciting things that we will talk about in that particular space in AI and how AI can theylp. So, we are not just resting on what we have today as an integrated offering. We are really tthey innovative product roadmap across each one of our businesses, what Dave has been doing in creative, what’s happening in documents on tthey web and mobile devices and what Anil is going to show. I think that’s also what gives us a lot of confidence that we are anticipating and solving customer problems. And so it was a strong start to Q1. And based on tthey product innovation, we really continue to be excited about tthey opportunity that we have at Adobe, and we look forward to seeing all of you at Summit. Jonathan Vaas Thanks everyone for joining tthey call. Like Shantanu said, we hope to see many of you next Tuesday at Summit. I look forward to talking to many of you soon and ttheir concludes tthey call. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today’s meeting. Thank you for your attendance and you may now disconnect.