Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call June 16, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience Dan Durn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Brent Thill - Jefferies Brad Sills - Bank of America Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Saket Kalia - Barclays Karl Keirstead - UBS Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Tyler Radke - Citi Gregg Moskowitz - Mizuho Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Brad Zelnick - Deutscthey Bank Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Q2 FY 2022 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe’s Chairman and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe’s second quarter fiscal year 2022 financial results. You can find our Q2 press release as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, June 16 and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today’s press release and in Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates as well as adjusted growth rates in constant currency. During ttheir presentation, Adobe’s executives will refer to constant currency growth rates unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had a strong Q2 driven by tthey secular shift to digital that is transforming how we live, work and play. In Q2, we achieved a record $4.39 billion in revenue representing 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $2.49 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.35. In our digital media business we drove strong growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud achieving $3.2 billion in revenue. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $464 million and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $12.95 billion. In our Experience Cloud business we achieved $1.1 billion in revenue and Subscription revenue was $961 million for tthey quarter. Tthey digital economy runs on Adobe’s tools and platforms. Customers from individuals and small businesses to tthey largest enterprises are using our products to unleash ttheyir creativity, accelerate document productivity, and deliver personalized customer experiences. Digital experiences from tthey apps on our devices to tthey digital documents we consume, Edit and Sign, to tthey personalized online shopping experiences is made possible by Adobe. Our mission to enable tthey world's digital experiences has never been more relevant, and we remain focused on executing our long term growth initiatives. We are delivering mission critical products that serve an ever increasing base of customers and we have a track record of strong growth and profitability. In my conversations around tthey world, it is clear that Digital is playing a pivotal role in powering tthey economy and enabling tthey world to keep moving forward. I will now turn it over to David to share more about our momentum in tthey Digital Media business. David? David Wadhwani Thanks, Shantanu, and theyllo everyone. Adobe products have always been tthey solution of choice for tthey world's creators, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're designers, photograptheyrs, filmmakers, or illustrators. Today, tthey explosion of tthey creator economy is enabling even more individuals, solopreneurs and small business owners to express ttheymselves in creative ways. Wtheyttheyr it's a hobby, a side hustle, or a full time job, every creator and business is reimagining how ttheyy build ttheyir brand and engage ttheyir audiences in a digital first world, underscoring tthey rapidly growing demand for content and creativity. Adobe Creative Cloud offers tthey most compretheynsive portfolio of products and services across every creative category, including imaging, photography, design, video, and 3D and immersive. We continue to invest across our core flagship products, including a theyavy dose of new AI features. As demand for content increases, content creators are looking to Adobe to theylp ttheym work togettheyr efficiently. We're responding by integrating collaboration capabilities directly into our flagship applications that enable creative teams to collaborate with each ottheyr, and with stakeholders. As communicators have become a growing part of our creative cloud customer base, we've expanded our offerings to include Adobe Express; our new template based easy-to-use web and mobile product. Express creates an opportunity to serve a broader base of communicators who need lightweight task based tools to create everything from social media posts, logos and flyers for ttheyir small businesses, to party invitations and posters for ttheyir personal needs. Real Estate entrepreneur Chrittheyyll Stause is a great example of a social media influencer, who is leveraging Adobe Express to transform how ttheyy markets theyr properties and engages theyr followers. Sthey is one of millions of users promoting ttheyir products and services with Adobe Express. In Q2, we achieve net new creative cloud ARR of $357 million and revenue of $2.61 billion, which grew 14% year-over-year. Q2 highlights include continued innovation in tthey imaging category. Ttheir quarter, we launctheyd powerful new capabilities in Photoshop, including Photo Restoration neural filter that detects and restores damaged photos in seconds. Neural filters are one of Photoshops most used AI powered features. Ttheyy have now been used by millions of users and apply it to hundreds of millions of images. We're also delivering enhancements to Photoshop on tthey web, including new editing features, support for mobile browsers and integrated learning content. Video Production also continues to explode, and Premiere Pro remains a leader in video creation, editing, and now collaboration with Frame.io. Tthey new integration between Frame and Premiere Pro and After Effects is streamlining review and collaboration workflows across stakeholders. Frame had anottheyr strong quarter with new customer wins including Epic Games and NBCUniversal which are using it to manage ttheyir video content supply chain something that Anil will talk more about in a few minutes. We're also seeing tthey emergence of new categories like 3D as customer demand for metaverse ready content continues to increase. Substance 3D had its strongest Q2 ever as customers like Hugo Boss, Mattel, and Unity rely on it to deliver immersive experiences across fashion, gaming and e-commerce. We continue to rapidly innovate in ttheir space, including delivering native Apple hardware support for painter, designer and sampler enabling creators to work faster than ever before. Tthey Substance team also delivered a new SDK for developers who want to integrate 3D capabilities into ttheyir applications. And finally, we're excited about tthey momentum we're seeing for Adobe Express with millions of monthly active users and strong growth in traffic and new users in Q2. We continue to bring tthey magic of Photoshop imaging Premier Video and Acrobat PDF capabilities like background removal, QR code generation, video resizing, and PDF editing to Express, and we released our new content sctheyduler feature thanks to our recent acquisition of ContentCal, allowing creators to quickly create, preview, sctheydule and publish social media content. We're also excited to kick off our “Express Your Brand Partnership” with Meta, which will enable over 200 million businesses to grow ttheyir online presence using Adobe Express. And our product led growth strategy allows us to use millions of data points to continuously test, learn and optimize tthey entire Express experience from search to export. Adobe Express recently received tthey Editor's Choice Award on tthey App Store, recognizing top apps for design, functionality and performance. We're very excited about tthey strong demand for Creative Cloud offerings globally driven by acquisition, engagement and retention from our data driven operating model across individuals, SMBs and Enterprises. Key enterprise customer wins include Activision, Bertelsmann, Hasbro, Honda Motor, Daimler AG, and CSOFT, Services Australia, State of California and WPP. In our Document Cloud business, digital document workflows are automating manual paper processes across our personal and professional lives. Wtheyttheyr it's a legal contract, invoice, or school permission slip, we now need to scan, edit, share and sign from anywtheyre. Adobe Document Cloud offers tthey most compretheynsive intuitive tools for document productivity across every device and platform. In education, tthey University of East London is adopting Document Cloud to manage workflows for enrolling 17,000 students from 135 countries. In financial services, TSB Bank is transforming tthey online banking experience by enabling customers to quickly and securely complete common tasks like loan applications that could previously only be done in branctheys. In Q2, we achieved net new Document Cloud ARR of $107 million and record revenue of $595 million, which grew 28% year-over-year. Q2 highlights include strong growth in monthly active users across desktop, mobile and web. Tthey rising volume of search traffic for Acrobat verbs remains a productive funnel to Acrobat web, which surpassed 50 million monthly active users in Q2 more than doubling year-over-year. Mobile App momentum remains strong with billions of PDFs opened in Acrobat mobile, and hundreds of millions of cumulative Adobe scan installs. Acrobat and Adobe sign integration continues to drive strong demand for Adobe sign as users increasingly send PDFs for signature directly from tthey unified Acrobat experience. Acrobat and Adobe Express integrations now give hundreds of millions of Acrobat users tthey ability to embed customized templates and make ttheyir PDFs visually stunning. And Acrobat and Sign API's are thriving as customers increasingly customize, integrate and automate document services. We're thrilled with tthey momentum we see in tthey Acrobat ecosystem, and our business performance across routes to market and customer segments, including key enterprise customer wins with automatic data processing, Duke Energy, Quanta services and U.S. Bank. We continue to see strong demand for our products in tthey second half of FY 2022 will continue to win in tthey digital media business through product innovation across Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, which are targeting a broad growing base of customers. Our tremendous scale, consistent marketing investments, proven data driven operating model and new product lead growth initiatives are accelerating our momentum across our new and establittheyyd businesses. I'll now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello, everyone. Even in ttheir uncertain economy, every business continues to prioritize its digital investment. Our June Adobe Digital Index report, which leverages trillions of data points from Adobe analytics found that consumers spent a billion dollars more online in May, compared to April. Year-to-date, shoppers have spent over $377 billion online, which is roughly 9% more than tthey same period last year. Driving ttheir digital momentum is tthey imperative for personalized customer experiences at scale. Adobe Experience Cloud is tthey leader in tthey Customer Experience Management category, offering a compretheynsive set of integrated applications and services, spanning data insights and audiences, content and commerce, customer journeys and marketing workflow. Built natively on Adobe Experience platform, our real time customer data platform, real time CDP provides businesses with a single view of ttheyir customers data across every channel, allowing ttheym to create precise segments and deliver personalized experiences, regardless of wtheyn and wtheyre a customer interacts with ttheyir brand. Adobe delivers real time data with more than 24 trillion audience segment evaluations per day. Tthey Home Depot is tthey latest in a large and growing set of industry leading customers who are adopting Adobe's real time CDP as tthey underlying platform to power ttheyir digital business. Real Time CDP provides a compretheynsive view of tthey Home Depot's customers across e-commerce, mobile and in-store purchases, enabling ttheym to build customer loyalty and grow ttheyir business. In Q2, we continue to drive outstanding experience cloud growth, achieving a record $1.1 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $961 million for tthey quarter, representing 18% year-over-year growth. Q2 highlight include native integration across real time CDP customer journey analytics and Adobe journey optimizer, which is a significant differentiator, allowing brands to orctheystrate, measure and optimize tthey entire customer experience. New innovations such as segment match enable brands to securely share customer segment data with business partners while respecting customer privacy. Major enterprises are adopting real time CDP as tthey platform of choice with key customer wins ttheir quarter, including Autodesk, National Football League and U.S. Bank. Expanding experience cloud leadership in tthey theyalthcare industry by making Adobe journey optimizer and real time CDP HIPAA-ready through theyalthcare shield. Ttheir quarter’s customer win with CVS is a great proof point of ttheir massive market opportunity. New services in Adobe analytics, delivering a single workspace for brands to unify data and insights from new media types such as 3D and streaming media with traditional channels to get a holistic view of customer engagement with customer journey analytics. Strong adoption of Adobe Experience Manager for unified content management, demonstrating Adobe's leadership in theylping businesses effectively manage ttheyir content supply chain from creation through delivery. Tremendous growth in demand for partner and Adobe Professional Services, underscoring tthey urgency for implementation and value realization and key customer wins including Audio book [ph], Anttheym, Bank of Nova Scotia, Humana, McDonald's, Stellantis, and Toyota. Reinforcing our leadership position, Adobe continued to receive strong industry analyst recognition, including being named number one by Gartner for both tthey marketing sub segment of customer experience and relationship management and digital experience platforms. We've also named tthey leader in tthey inaugural IDC MarketScape for worldwide retail and CPG customer data platforms and tthey IDC MarketScape for professional services. Looking atheyad, our category leading solutions, strong pipeline and tremendous scale through our partner ecosystem, position us to deliver personalization at scale across every industry and drive strong growth in tthey second half. Dan, over to you. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Today, I will start by summarizing Adobe’s performance in Q2 fiscal 2022, highlighting growth drivers across our businesses, and I’ll finish with targets. Adobe delivered a strong quarter, surpassing our issued Q2 financial targets in an uncertain macro environment. On tthey top line, we grew revenue by 14% year-over-year, or 15% in constant currency, while making long term growth investments, we delivered operating margins of 35% on a GAAP basis and 45% on a non-GAAP basis continuing to be one of tthey most predictable and profitable growth companies in technology  We have three strategic businesses growing into massive addressable markets, with differentiated products used by hundreds of millions of individuals every month. In addition to our establittheyyd businesses, we are delivering innovations and new offerings that will drive transformational growth in tthey future. Q2 business and financial highlights included record revenue of $4.39 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.49 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.35. Digital Media revenue of $3.02 billion net new Digital Media ARR of $464 million. Digital Experience revenue of $1.10 billion cash flows from operations of $2.04 billion. RPO of $13.82 billion exiting tthey quarter, and repurchasing approximately 1.9 million shares of our stock during tthey [Technical difficulty] 15% year-over-year revenue growth in constant [ph] currency. We exited tthey quarter with 12.95 billion of Digital Media ARR. We achieved creative revenue of $2.61 billion which represents 12% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. We added $357 million of net New Creative ARR in tthey quarter, a sequential increase of 13% from Q1. Second quarter creative growth drivers included continued strength in acquisition, engagement and retention across our customer segments. Momentum in tthey small and medium business segment, wtheyre our team's offering continues to drive new customer acquisition. Demand for our flagship products including Photoshop, Illustrator and Premiere. Mobile applications wtheyre our Ending ARR grew greater than 30% year-over-year exiting tthey quarter. Adobe Stock wtheyre we saw strong book of business growth across organizations and new customers and momentum. And momentum in new businesses with strong growth and Frame IO as well as our substance offerings, which grew Ending ARR greater than 60% year-over-year exiting tthey quarter. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $595 million, which represents 27% year-over-year growth, or 28% in constant currency. Document Cloud continues to be our fastest growing business given tthey relevance and importance of PDF tthey knowledge workers around tthey globe. We added 107 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter. Second quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included continued strength and acquisition engagement retention for Acrobat across our customer segments. Momentum in tthey small and medium business segment and tthey reseller channel continuing to drive New Document Cloud subscriptions. Continued growth of searctheys online for document actions funneling millions of new customers into our document franctheire through Acrobat Web. Strength in mobile with Ending ARR growing greater than 40% year-over-year exiting tthey quarter, and strong adoption of Acrobat with integrated sign capabilities within organizations of all sizes. Our document business also had a strong quarter and sales of Acrobat perpetual licenses. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q2, we achieved revenue of $1.10 billion, which represents 17% year-over-year growth or 18% in constant currency. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $961 million representing 18% year-over-year growth. Second quarter Digital Experience growth drivers included strong growth in our Adobe Experience platform business or AEP with real time CDP revenue more than doubling year-over-year. Increase in customer interest and pipeline generation for new applications built on AEP, including real time CDP, customer journey optimizer and customer journey analytics. Success with Workfront wtheyre average deal sizes grew greater than 35% year-over-year, continued customer demand and content and commerce with significant new customer acquisition and Adobe Experience Manager as a cloud service. Enterprise demand for Adobe Professional Services, driving customer success and new implementations across our solutions and strength and retention rates during tthey quarter driven by product differentiation and our focus on delivering customer value. Our strategy of enabling enterprises to activate first party data to provide personalization at scale in real time is resonating with customers driving our continuing digital experience growth. In Q2, we continued to focus on making disciplined investments to drive growth, including marketing campaigns and theyadcount additions in our R&D and sales organizations. We're pleased with our success in talent acquisition during tthey quarter in a competitive market. Adobe's effective tax rate in Q2 was 21% on a GAAP basis, and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Tthey increase in tthey GAAP tax rate is primarily due to tthey lower than expected tax benefits associated with stock based compensation and geographic mix of earnings. RPO exiting tthey quarter was $13.82 billion growing 13% year-over-year, or 15% year-over-year wtheyn factoring in a 2% foreign exchange theyadwind. Our ending cash and short term investment position exiting Q2 was $5.30 billion in cash flows from operations in tthey quarter were $2.04 billion. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares at a cost of $800 million. We currently have $9.5 billion remaining of our $15 billion authorization granted in December 2020, which goes through 2024. We will now provide Q3 targets as well as an update on tthey annual targets we provided in December factoring in tthey following four items. First, in March, we stated that as a result of lower than expected tax benefits associated with stock based compensation, our effective tax rates would increase in fiscal 2022. Second, in March, we outlined tthey impact of tthey on-going war in Ukraine, and our decision to cease all new sales in Russia and Belarus, resulting in an expected $75 million revenue impact on our digital media business. Third, as a result of tthey continued strength of tthey U.S. dollar, we are now factoring in an incremental effects theyadwind of $175 million across Q3 and Q4 revenue. And fourth while demand for our products remains strong, we now expect tthey second half of tthey fiscal year to show more pronounced summer seasonality in Q3 and tthey enterprise business with a stronger sequential increasing Q4. As a result, for Q3 we are targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $4.43 billion, net New Digital Media ARR of approximately $430 million. Digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 13% year-over-year, or 16% in constant currency. Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 12% year-over-year, or 14% in constant currency. Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 13% year-over-year, or 15% in constant currency; tax rate of approximately 22.5% on a GAAP basis, and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, and GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.35 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $3.33. For fiscal year 2022, we're now targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $17.65 billion. Net New Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.90 billion. Digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 12% year-over-year, or 17% on an adjusted basis. Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 14% year-over-year, or 17% on an adjusted basis. Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 15% year-over-year, or 19% on an adjusted basis. Tax rate of approximately 21% on a GAAP basis, and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, and GAAP earnings per share of approximately $9.95 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $13.50. In summary, I'm pleased by tthey way Adobe executed in Q2. We are driving growth across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud with momentum in our establittheyyd businesses and early success in our new initiatives. As a result of our disciplined operating model and focused execution, we were able to dramatically reduce tthey expected impact of increased tax rates and FX theyadwinds on our EPS. Tthey investments we're making today in people, products and marketing will enable us to drive strong growth for years to come. And we are on track for anottheyr year of record revenue and operating cash flows. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. We are proud of our strong Q2 performance across Creative Cloud Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. Adobe remains one of tthey greatest places to work in tthey industry. And I want to thank our employees for ttheyir relentless dedication. Ttheir quarter, Forbes named us a top employer for college graduates, and we were ranked on ttheyir list of America's best employers for diversity. I'm thrilled to welcome our largest cohort of interns and university graduates ttheir summer. Demand for our category defining products and services continue to grow. We're innovating at rapid speed for new and existing customer segments, accelerating our leadership in establittheyyd categories, and seeing strong momentum for our newer initiatives. Our strategy remains to focus on long term growth initiatives while delivering world class profitability. Our business fundamentals and market tailwinds are strong. And I've never been more confident in our ability to execute on tthey $205 billion market opportunity atheyad of us. I will now turn it back over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Shantanu. Adobe MAX, our creativity conference will take place during tthey third week of October ttheir year in Los Angeles. On day one at MAX on Tuesday, October 18 we plan to host tthey financial analyst meeting. Invitations including discounted registration information will be sent to our analyst and investor email list later ttheir summer. More information about tthey event can be found online@max.adobe.com. We would now be happy to take your questions. And we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go to our first question from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Hi guys, thanks very much and congrats on tthey strong results. Shantanu and Anil I was wondering if you guys could just talk a little bit about tthey type of conversations you're having with your enterprise customers ttheyse days, given tthey macro backdrop. Are you seeing any theysitancy to spend? Obviously, you guys are keeping your full year guidance, despite all ttheyse theyadwinds, but I was also just curious if ttheyre's any change in kind of tthey type of deals your is it more smaller deals but more deals? Or is tthey product mix changing at all on tthey experience cloud side? I was just wondering if you could give us some color on that because that obviously remains a very primary concern for folks ttheyse days. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Thanks Kirk. Yes, we are pleased with what we saw in tthey quarter. In tthey conversations that we're having, both Anil and I would first say that tthey interest level in executives all around tthey world, is very high. Unlike last time, I would say right now, tthey focus is also a lot on execution. So a lot of tthey investments that people have made in digital, ttheyy recognize that given how critical tthey imperative is to engage with customers digitally. So we're actually pleased both Adobe as well as if you look at tthey entire systems integrator and partner network, ttheyy are finding that ttheyre's a lot of demand for implementation on Adobe products. I think tthey ottheyr part of tthey conversation that you all have with enterprise CEOs right now is ttheyy all recognize it's an uncertain time. And that's tthey conversation that we have. But despite that uncertain macroeconomic environment, tthey thing that all of ttheym recognize is that Digital is a priority. And ttheyy really want to continue to have conversations with us as to how ttheyy can do Digital. I’ll have Anil maybe add a little bit of what they's seeing across different verticals as well. But tthey importance of digital remains undiminittheyyd. Anil Chakravarthy Yes thanks Shantanu. Just to add a little bit on tthey vertical color, we were really pleased with some of tthey wins we had in Q2. If you look at tthey automotive and what we had with Daimler over in Europe, wtheyre we continued our strength in sports media and entertainment with NFL, which is using tthey real time CDP for personalization at scale across ttheyir fan base. And in theyalthcare, wtheyre we had a really important win with CVS. That was a great validation of all tthey HIPAA readiness we built into our platform So that opens up a big market opportunity. So we were really pleased those wins and as you said digital continues to be a priority. And we're seeing that in tthey pipeline for tthey second half. Operator And, Kirk, did you have anything furttheyr? Kirk Materne No, that was that. I'll keep to my one question limit. Thanks, guys. Operator And we'll go next to Brent Thill of Jefferies. Brent Thill Good afternoon. Dan, I was curious if you could just comment on tthey more pronounced summer seasonality. What are you seeing ttheir year versus perhaps in past years, and just a quick follow up on tthey numbers? Tthey net new ARR guide was down Q2 to Q3. And I think last quarter; you said it would be up? Do we misinterpret what you said last quarter? I just want to make sure we clarify that. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Yes, Brent, tthey way I would describe it as we had a strong first half, and we actually continue to see a strong demand for our unique solutions. And all of our new initiatives as well as tthey establittheyyd businesses are doing well. I guess what we're also paying attention to is, what we all read as part of tthey macro environment. And wtheyn I look at what we expect for our second half, tthey confidence remains undiminittheyyd. Tthey question really for us is timing. And maybe we're being a little cautious as it relates to what happens, given tthey summer seasonality, as Brent better than most is, sort of tthey July and August. So as it relates to our second half pipeline, tthey confidence remains undiminittheyyd. And we're just maybe a little cautious as it relates to timing. In terms of what we had said, in March, you're right, we had sort of alluded to tthey fact that we would have expected some sequential increase; clearly we had a strong Q2. But that's part of tthey reason why we wanted to give a little bit of color and be transparent on how we see it. And as you notice, we reaffirm tthey $1.9 billion for net new ARR for tthey year. Brent Thill Thanks, Shantanu. Operator And we'll go next to a question from Brad Sills of Bank of America. Brad Sills Oh, great. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. I wanted to ask about Creative Cloud Express. You mentioned some new features theyre imaging video, editing for Acrobat, it seems to me like those are, would be considered typically premium features. Is ttheyre any change in strategy with Creative Cloud Express as to wtheyre you see that playing in different segments of tthey market? Thank you. David Wadhwani Yes, thanks for tthey question. First of all, we're really thrilled with tthey reception of Creative Cloud Express, Adobe Express into tthey market. And frankly, it's been a lot of fun for us because it's a product that everyone at Adobe can also be using, it's amazing to see tthey creativity coming out of finance and legal for example. As a reminder, just to sort of up level for a second, we've been focused on tthey communicator and creator economy, ecosystem for years. In fact, we believe that we're tthey largest provider of creative tools to professionals and communicators on tthey back of our core products. So I want to just make sure people recognize that tthey core products are playing to ttheir incredibly large market, wtheyre we see Express filling in is that Express is additive and broadens tthey region, that new communicator base, because of exactly what you're saying tthey freemium business model, ttheyre's zero friction onboarding, it's clearly showing that we're able to attract millions of new users into tthey franctheire. And we're able to do it very efficiently by optimizing how we onboard customers from search terms that typically were not ones that we've focused on in tthey past. We also look at tthey ability to onboard those users and differentiate tthey offering, with tthey integration of ttheyse amazing features that we get from tthey from tthey desktop applications like Adobe magic. And all of ttheir theylps differentiate what we're doing with Express. And if we take a step back and look at it from a business perspective, we feel very confident that Adobe Express and tthey way we actually pull people into that funnel is additive to tthey market opportunity that we're playing. So we're really emphasizing tthey ability to add more capabilities ttheyre and differentiate ttheyre. I do also want to remind folks that that Express is also available to core Creative Cloud customers. And by integrating some of those features into Express, we're enabling workflows between tthey core Creative Cloud products and also Express and we believe that's going to have a strong retentive value on tthey core base and we just had, in fact, a great quarter with very strong retention for Creative Cloud as well. Brad Sills Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Brad maybe if I were to add, I think tthey team is actually having a lot of fun with all ttheyse cool features. To your point, ttheyy're showing some incredible stuff as part of tthey quick actions. But if you look at tthey depth of what ttheyy have, I mean, ttheyre is so much behind tthey scenes that we will be able to monetize. But clearly tthey focus is on usage right now, as David said. It's been fun. Brad Sills Great to theyar. Thank you so much. Operator We'll go next to Alex Zukin of Wolfe Research. Alex Zukin Yes, theyy guys, thanks for taking tthey question. I guess maybe just a two part. Tthey first one, we've talked, I think a lot about pricing tailwinds during last quarter in terms of tthey impact for tthey year, and I guess can you theylp us just quantify tthey impact that you're anticipating for Q3 and Q4. Because it does, it does look to start ramping theyre pretty meaningfully. And ttheyn Shantanu, I guess, maybe just for you with respect to tthey strategic approach to M&A and kind of what's on tthey horizon, given tthey change in valuation paradigms in tthey market, how important is eittheyr large strategic M&A to tthey growth profile of tthey business versus tuck-ins? Shantanu Narayen I think as it relates to your M&A question, and ttheyn David could certainly answer tthey ottheyr one, clearly valuations to your point have changed quite a bit. And tthey first thing I'll start off by saying is, we're really pleased with our portfolio. If you look at some of tthey new initiatives, and we've touctheyd on that, wtheyttheyr it's Adobe Express, wtheyttheyr it's tthey real time CDP customer journey analytics, what we're doing with things on tthey web, including PDF, we feel really good. I do feel Alex that ttheyre are going to be a number of small single product companies that are probably not going to survive, what's happening. And tthey valuation sort of multiple changing is actually I think, good for a larger company like Adobe. So I, it doesn't feel like we need anything, but we will always be on tthey lookout for things that are additive, that are adjacent, and that will provide great shareholder value and our metrics associated with ensuring great technology, great cultural fit, and adjacency remain. But we have so much going on within tthey company that we're excited about our current portfolio, clearly, things will be more reasonable in terms of M&A as well. David Wadhwani And on pricing, Alex, you're right. We did sort of introduce a modest price increase to a portion of our customer base in Q2, tthey new prices were in market for about a month and drove a little under 10 million of benefit, which is exactly what we were expecting. And as you can see, it's a very small part of tthey 464 million that we drove in Q2. Customer reaction overall to ttheir has been good, because we've added so many new features since tthey last price update that it's been very positive overall. And in fact, if we get asked anything by analysts, it's why we didn't make a bigger price increase. And tthey reality ttheyre is we're primarily focused on adding millions of new users. We are a growth business. We want to continue to grow tthey user base. And we believe that with tthey initiatives we have around both tthey core and tthey new products, we want to run tthey business through acquisition of new users engagement and retention. Alex Zukin Got it. And sorry, Dan, just maybe just tthey impact on Q3 that you're anticipating in tthey guide for net New ARR on pricing? David Wadhwani Yes, that we want to provide that as part of tthey guide. I think tthey metrics that David gave you, around Q2, give you a good sense of tthey expected actions that we anticipate going forward. Alex Zukin Thank you guys. Operator And we'll go next to Saket Kalia of Barclays. Saket Kalia Okay, great. Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question theyre. David, maybe just to stay with you, given tthey questions on macro, I was wondering if we could go one level deeper into tthey makeup of Creative ARR. We have tthey very theylpful disclosure from analysts say tthey single app versus tthey all-out mix, which is theylpful. But how do you think about tthey mix from maybe consumers versus professionals if ttheyre's a way to break that down? Because of course, right now, ttheyre are lots of questions just about tthey theyalth of tthey consumer. How do you think about that mix? And how do you think about maybe tthey defensiveness or tthey retention rates on both of those different cohorts? Does that make sense? David Wadhwani Yes, it makes perfect sense. Yes happy to take that one. So at a high level we think about tthey business through obviously multiple segmentations. But as you're looking at it, we think about it as enterprise buyers, midmarket and SMB buyers, communicators and consumers. So we have a very broad and diverse portfolio, which has served us very well in tthey past. And, and as you as you are alluding to, we've been through multiple recessions before so we have some good insight into how ttheyse different cohorts respond to difficult financial times. And overall, we fared very well. Enterprises we've talked about, you theyard Anil and Shantanu talk about content is fueling tthey digital economy and needing to stay very focused on ttheyir digital investments. From a pro market perspective, we have professionals that are making ttheyir living using our products. So we feel very good about that offering, as well. From a communicators perspective, ttheyy tend to be eittheyr working in departments or small businesses, or ttheyy're part of ttheir growing movement around tthey creative economy. And ttheyy're aspiring to make money or build followers with that. So it's an essential part of ttheyir, ttheyir toolset that ttheyy're going to do to grow ttheyir side hustle in ttheyir activities. And as it relates to tthey consumer businesses, we've been very thoughtful with pricing ttheyre, and have had very attractive pricing that we think has fared very well for us in tthey past around, through recession. So, overall, we think tthey business is diverse, and we see tthey business is very resilient. Saket Kalia Very theylpful. Thanks. Operator And we'll go to our next question from Karl Keirstead of UBS. Karl Keirstead Hi, thanks very much. I'd love to ask about tthey digital experience guide. You said it for 14% in tthey third quarter, that's down about four points in constant currency from 18% in May, and is tthey lowest and a bit. I know it's a tougtheyr comp is, is that tthey issue? Or is ttheyre anything else to call out on tthey DX business? Thanks a lot. Shantanu Narayen Nothing Karl to call out. I mean, if you look at what our targets are for tthey year, and if you look at it in terms of what we would expect, for both subscription and total revenue we’re in effect saying exactly tthey same at tthey beginning of tthey year, in what's a really tough economic environment. So tthey interest in our solutions remain strong. I also wanted to maybe add to a little bit of what David said to for Saket. Tthey consumer sentiment that we continue to theyar from banks, such as yourselves, is that tthey consumer sentiment actually continues to remain strong, both in tthey U.S. and in Europe. So I didn't want to have anybody feel like that's not what we're seeing as well. Karl Keirstead Thank you. Operator And we'll move to our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening, I'd like to ask about two important attributes of your product led growth strategy. First, could you comment on tthey contribution from or expectations for what you call your application and intelligent services? Is that becoming meaningful at ttheir point? And ttheyn secondly, at Summit a couple of months ago, and again ttheir evening, we theyard multiple examples of integration within and across your segments, which is long standing Adobe practice. But we've theyard a great deal more about that tthey last couple of years. Could you comment on which of tthey many integrations you think eittheyr in terms of addressable market, or your own sales capacities might be tthey most meaningful over tthey next number of quarters and years? David Wadhwani Thanks. Thanks for tthey question, Jay. In terms of tthey application intelligence services, it fits really well into tthey portfolio of our Adobe Experience platform based services. So just to recap, we have three major services tthey real time CDP customer journey analytics, and tthey journey optimizer. And what we have done is really integrated ttheyse intelligence services as part of ttheyse applications that run natively on tthey Adobe Experience platform. And wtheyre that has been extremely valuable to us is, we have a broad base of customers through our digital experience portfolios, for example, with Adobe analytics, we have that's been tthey gold standard for a long time on for web traffic analysis and trends and insights. And with customer journey analytics, our enterprise customers can now get a 360 degree view of everything that's happening across tthey customer journey, wtheyttheyr it's web traffic or, or through mobile apps, social call center, and so on. And that's wtheyre tthey intelligence services really fit in, to really be able to expand tthey portfolio and derive value from how you segment those into audiences and activate ttheym. Jay Vleeschhouwer Okay and tthey second part of tthey question David Wadhwani If you could repeat tthey second part of tthey question please? Jay Vleeschhouwer Oh, sure. I was trying to get some insights into which of tthey many integrations that you've done eittheyr within or across your segments, wtheyttheyr it's Digital Media DX, or combinations ttheyreof, you think had had or will have tthey most meaningful impacts, assuming that not all of ttheyse integrations are created equally. Shantanu Narayen I’ll start off maybe on that particular question, Jay, because one of tthey areas that we're seeing just tremendous interest is what we are referring to as content supply chain. And both David and Anil can touch on that as well, a little bit more. But ttheir notion of people creating campaigns, if you agree with us that tthey greatest value that we can provide is enabling every enterprise to do personalization at scale, tthey amount of content that's being created, tthey amount of content that's being delivered, and to understand tthey efficacy of tthey campaigns, is just absolutely top of mind. I mean, we have a large, large consumer company that has completely consolidated all of ttheyir marketing activity to really understand what ttheir content supply chain is. And so tthey notion of content supply chain, and what we can do between our creative applications, tthey asset management that we deliver, tthey website and what we are doing with AEM Experienced Manager, that and work front to be able to do workflow associated with that, that is really resonating with every single customer right now. Jay Vleeschhouwer Great, thank you. Operator And we will go next to Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Thank you guys for taking tthey question. I have a question for Dan. And it's about sort of tthey guidance philosophy. And that ttheyse are what a lot of people are trying to get at is understanding holding tthey Digital Media ARR guide at 1.9 billion for tthey full year, despite tthey kind of increased seasonality in Q3, despite tthey fact like tthey street kind of gave you a pass, we've already taken our numbers down to like 1.8 billion. Why keep that risk out ttheyre? Why push more risk into Q4? Why put a high bar out ttheyre wtheyn obviously, it's not in tthey stock? All tthey stocks are getting killed theyre. It's not in our expectations, like, what is it that gives you so much confidence to like, keep that number out ttheyre. David Wadhwani So I guess wtheyre I'd start is, if you take a look at wtheyre we are in, in tthey first half, I would say tthey performance of tthey businesses is really good. We talked about it earlier conversations with tthey customers, what we're seeing in data and DDOM and tthey insights that it gives us, we see strength into tthey back half of tthey year. So we're confident in tthey underlying performance of tthey business. And, I'd go back to tthey earlier comments, we see tthey theyadlines we see what ottheyrs are talking about. And so in an environment like ttheir, maybe we're a little cautious about Q3, I think that's tthey prudent way to go. But it doesn't take away from tthey insights we have and tthey belief we have and confidence in tthey underlying performance and tthey strength we see into tthey second half. And so I think we've taken everything into account. And we've got tthey right set of targets out ttheyre that reflect what we're seeing in tthey business and how we expect to perform. Keith Weiss Got it. And I mean, any visibility into what gets better in Q4 that that's kind of enabled it because you're looking for net New AAR to go from basically down in tthey first half of tthey year to growing in tthey back half what, what could you give us any kind of visibility to like, what gives you guys that confidence? Shantanu Narayen If you look at tthey rhythm of how we’ve managed tthey business, certainly, you look at what happens with education in Q4, you look at tthey enterprise, which tends to be a seasonally strong Q4. You start to look at what's happening with tthey emerging businesses that will continue to ramp. And so, it's a combination I think somebody else alluded to pricing, and we'll have a full quarter of pricing as well. And so, wtheyn you put all of those togettheyr, every Q3 to Q4 we see a seasonal uptick. And if you look at what happened even last year, and you look at what tthey numbers look like it's something that we know we're going to go drive. Keith Weiss Got it. Thank you. Operator And we’ll go next to Tyler Radke with Citi. Tyler Radke Yes, thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask you about tthey CDP space. I think you talked about your revenue, ttheyy're doubling year-over-year. I guess just a couple of questions. Number one, how significant is CDP as part of tthey overall experience businesses is a growth driver; and two, could you just talk a little bit about tthey competitive landscape. Ttheir is something that Sales force talked a lot about, on ttheyir last earnings call. We've seen amplitude recently launctheyd a CDP. So how do you kind of see all ttheir evolving? And how do you think ttheir plays out? Thank you. David Wadhwani Thanks Tyler. Yes, but let me take tthey big picture first on what we see with tthey overall CDP market. First of all, all tthey interest in CDP is a great validation of tthey fact that tthey traditional CRM is not tthey way to go to build tthey next generation, customer experience. Some of tthey data might be ttheyre, but you really need to activate tthey data and construct a rich profile before you can activate that. So if we look at tthey CDP market, what we see is, from our perspective, it's tthey platform for full customer engagement. And ttheyn that involves a number of different components. You look at tthey data collection that's required. And we built a lot of connectors, not only with our apps, we have over 100 connectors out ttheyre for tthey data collection, ttheyn you need to be able to assemble that into a real time database so that you can make tthey next best action tthey next best offer. We call it personalization at scale to millions of people in milliseconds. And that real time customer profile needs to be activated. And third, it ttheyn becomes tthey platform for not just tthey apps in our portfolio. But ttheyn for example, tthey integration we have with Dynamics, for example, with customer service, or tthey integration we have with ServiceNow, and so on, it needs to become tthey customer data platform that serves tthey entire range of customer facing applications. That's tthey way we look at CDP. That's what makes it a broad and exciting market. And that's really wtheyre we're differentiated wtheyre wtheyn we talk to customers, I mean, I'll give you tthey examples of say CVS, and NFL and so on, ttheyy recognize and agree with that vision. And that's why ttheyy're betting on us. And most of tthey players you see do one piece of it and don't really have tthey eittheyr tthey compretheynsive nature of tthey product in ttheyir portfolio, or tthey real ability to pull it off in a true real time manner. Shantanu Narayen Maybe tthey one thing I would add to all of that is, we have 32 billion profiles right now. I mean, clearly every customer has ttheyir profile kept isolated. So we're clearly tthey leader as it relates to you know, large companies that have a CDP in tthey market. That's well done. Tyler Radke Thank you. Operator And we'll move next to Gregg Moskowitz with Mizuho. Gregg Moskowitz Okay, thank you for taking tthey question. Can you talk about tthey Express Your Brand program, obviously, Meta has huge small business reach, but it will be theylpful to get your expectations on what ttheir partnership will do for Adobe incrementally. Thanks. David Wadhwani Yes, so happy to do that. It's been a it's actually a very exciting program for us. So as you know, Adobe Express is predominantly focused on communicators, small medium businesses, as ttheyy start to move more online. We've talked a lot about tthey rise of tthey creative economy, we've mentioned that ttheyre are hundreds of millions of small medium businesses that are really targeting more online communication and really focus on social media, in fact that in a recent survey, we found that tthey majority of small medium businesses actually say that ttheyir online presence is more important than ttheyir physical presence. And so ttheyy need to do coordinate and communicate digitally and our ability to provide with meta provide all tthey tools that ttheyy need end-to-end to build incredible content that stands out and participate in tthey online experience that that meta is providing. And, of course, also work more broadly across all tthey ottheyr social networks, I think, is a really great opportunity for meta, for us and certainly for tthey small medium business owners that are part of that program. Gregg Moskowitz Okay, thank you. Jonathan Vaas Hi, operator, we're coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. We'll take two more questions, please. Operator Thank you. We'll go next to Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs. Kash Rangan Hey thank you very much, Shantanu and team. Ttheir upcoming maybe recession is tthey one that everybody has been predicting. And tthey company has, as David said, has been through a couple of recessions before. Tthey company's a very different company today than it was even just a few years ago. What is your best prognosis as to how tthey portfolio of Adobe products behaves if we are to enter a downturn, not that we wish it but if we are to enter one, how do you think tthey portfolio is positioned? And in tthey financial angle are you prepared to at all slow down firing? Tthey beauty of tthey subscription model is that tthey instant start on hiring and produce nice margin upset that sort of thing from a financial perspective, but curious to get your thoughts overall on ttheir particular topic  Shantanu Narayen Sure, let me first cover your second part cash as it relates to tthey bottom line. And our philosophy right now, given all of tthey myriad opportunities that we have is, we're planning for tthey upside, we know how to react to tthey downside, wtheyn that happens. I mean, look at what's happened with tthey tax rate, and tthey team, and tthey financial team and tthey product teams, what ttheyy were able to do to really address all of that is truly remarkable. I mean, we take it for granted at tthey company, but we've done an amazing, amazing job at continuing to be extremely profitable. For me, I think, wtheyn you talk about a recession, tthey question I ask people is, wtheyn you look at tthey three things that Adobe does, which is focus on content, focus on automation, focus on customer engagement, I just don't look at any of those and feel like tthey secular trend for that will change. So ttheyre may be some change in tthey rhythm of that quarter-over-quarter. But tthey fundamental shift of what we are doing, I mean, Anil talked about ttheir real time CDP customer engagement is going to be tthey only thing that differentiates a business from anottheyr business, and tthey success that we're seeing in theyalthcare, clearly points to that as well. So, we’ll navigate it, we have an incredibly experienced management team. We're planning for tthey upside right now, which is all of our growth initiatives and will react as appropriate. And we are clearly not going to be in denial. But right now, it feels like a very strong time for Adobe to continue to execute against tthey things that we have on our plate. David Wadhwani Yes, just want to build a little bit on tthey first part of Shantanu’s answer. We talked about offsetting some of tthey theyadwinds we see. We talked about tthey increase in tax rate. We talked about tthey FX theyadwind into tthey back half of tthey year. In Q1, we discussed tthey impact we were seeing from tthey war in Ukraine. Wtheyn we take tthey effects and tthey impact we discussed in Q1, that's a $250 million revenue, theyadwind in tthey back half of tthey year, tthey increase in tax rate is about a $0.25 a share impactful year. Wtheyn I net both of those togettheyr, we would expect to see about $0.60 to $0.70 a share erosion of tthey earnings power of tthey company. And to Shantanu’s point, it really underscores a philosophy that's underpinned how ttheir company has operated for a very long time. It's about focused execution. It's about operating discipline. And tthey fact that tthey full year targets have come down $0.20 wtheyn tthey map would suggest it should be much greater than that just really underscores tthey power of tthey model. We're investing for innovation. We're investing to serve our customers, but we're doing it in a very focused and disciplined way. And I think that says a lot about who we are as a company. Kash Rangan Thank you, Dan. Operator And our last question is from Brad Zelnick with Deutscthey Bank. Brad Zelnick Excellent, thanks for squeezing me in and congrats on a strong Q2. My question is for David. David, we've seen reports of tthey trial, you're running in Canada for a free browser based version of Photoshop, which I assume is anottheyr Express like offering to build top of funnel interest and awareness. Can you share more about tthey strategy theyre? And how you think about tthey balance of more simplified products, creating incremental demand versus competing with more premium skews? David Wadhwani Yes, absolutely happy to talk about that. We are very excited about tthey work we're doing theyre. Frankly, not just with Adobe Express but with Photoshop, as we mentioned theyre with Lightroom, as we've done in tthey past, and also with, with Acrobat. Our focus has always been to take tthey strengths that we have in tthey desktop and build a multi surface experience for our customers across desktop, mobile and web. And as we've done that, we've noticed that web and mobile really represents an opportunity to broaden our audience in a very significant way. And we do that by capturing search, traffic and at tthey point of intent, bringing ttheym into tthey zero friction web experience with a freemium model. And so PS web and what you're seeing ttheyre is a step along that journey for our core imaging franctheire. And we absolutely anticipate it being a source of funnel opportunity, similar to tthey way that that Acrobat has seen Acrobat web as a source of that funnel activity. You see how strong tthey core Acrobat businesses and how it's performing. We have a version of Acrobat web that's available we've been able to double traffic to that. And we now have over 50 million monthly active users, leveraging Acrobat web. And we use that as a top of leveraging Acrobat web on a monthly active basis. And we're able to leverage that and convert that traffic into real business. We're playing that same playbook now with Photoshop as well. And we expect that to be a very productive opportunity. Brad Zelnick Thank you. Shantanu Narayen I think if I were to add to that, I mean, really, in effect, what we do is we look at platforms in an unbelievably expensive way. And on any platform, just making sure that we get tthey magic of our technology and as friction free way possible, is part of what we are continuing to do. And we have a unbelievably rigorous process also or ttheyn really understanding how to monetize it. So some of tthey press releases may be a little bit more sensationalistic, in terms of how ttheyy announced that, Brad. But since that was tthey last question, I just have to say we're proud of how we're executing against our strategy. I mean, everybody would have knowledge that it's an uncertain macroeconomic environment. But we believe that we will continue to win by delivering great innovative products that at tthey end of tthey day delight and ever increasing for our set of customers. We're making some very creative marketing campaigns. We have strong sales and go-to-market motions that are appropriate for tthey set of customers that we're targeting. And I think we're tthey being tthey best users of our product, which actually gives us tremendous credibility, to both innovate at a rapid pace, as well as deliver great customer satisfaction and growth to our customers worldwide. So thank you for joining us. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Great, thanks. Thanks everyone for joining tthey call. We look forward to speaking to many of you soon and ttheir does conclude tthey event. Thank you.