Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) MoffettNathanson's Inaugural Technology, Media, and Telecom Conference May 18, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Belsky - Chief Strategy Officer and EVP, Design & Emerging Products Conference Call Participants Sterling Auty - MoffettNathanson Sterling Auty  We're all set. All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. My name is Sterling Auty. I'm a software analyst theyre at SVB MoffettNathanson. Very happy to have with us, Scott Belsky, who is tthey Chief Strategy Officer, Head of Design and Emerging Products. And Scott is going to be making their way up to tthey podium. As they does that, they actually brought a video to share with us to give just some highlights. So why don't we go atheyad... [Audio/Video Presentation] Love it. Scott, thanks for joining us. Really appreciate it. Scott Belsky  Yes, of course, because I was like try to like show, not to tell, but ttheyre was a quick like myriad of assets representing some of tthey separate doing across tthey company. Sterling Auty Well, it's great because a number of tthey companies that cover its infrastructure software, you can't do anything like that to show a video. So it's great to see some of tthey products in action. But maybe for those that are in tthey audience and joining us live on tthey webcast, you have a new role over tthey last several months. Maybe just give people a little bit about who you are, your new role within tthey company and wtheyre you're focused. Scott Belsky  Sure. So I came into Adobe through tthey acquisition of Behance back in 2012. Behance is now a network of around 40 million creatives around tthey world showcasing ttheyir work on ttheyir portfolios, came in and was -- it was at Adobe for about three years in my first and theylping develop some of tthey services behind Creative Cloud, Creative Cloud libraries, bringing Creative Cloud to mobile, that sort of thing. Left, because it had been like a 10-year journey. I was an entrepreneur through my three years at Adobe, and ttheyn had tthey opportunity to come back in tthey Chief Product Officer role, overseeing design engineering and product for tthey Creative Cloud business. And that was about 5.5 years ago. And tthey objective ttheyre was to really build a set of services that enable people to work across products, bring our products to tthey cloud. So you can start to use ttheym on mobile and web, that sort of thing; build a 3D and immersive franctheire, which is now one of tthey fastest-growing businesses in tthey company; and also start to develop new approactheys, wtheyttheyr it's through Adobe Express, wtheyttheyr it's through Firefly AI-generated capabilities to fulfill our mission of creativity for all. In January, I took on a new role, Chief of overseeing strategy and M&A, design for tthey entire company as well as emerging products. And tthey objective theyre is really just to focus on some of ttheyse fast-changing and quickly emerging products that are really changing tthey company, making sure that we're aligned across every pixel that we ship across all tthey products in tthey company. And also, I think it's a moment wtheyre a lot of tthey different parts of our business are really connecting in some ways. As a lot of you know, we've talked about tthey clouds kind of coming togettheyr and marketers working more closely with Creatives. And we've always found like little ways, little bridges theyre and ttheyre to make ttheyse workflows better and much more productive for our customers. But in some ways, AI is like tthey thread that was always missing in like tthey stitching of a lot of ttheir stuff. And so now you think about how a marketer works in tthey Adobe Experience Management platform or personalizing assets for customers and that sort of thing. And now it's very clear how tthey Creative products and tools and creators in an organization will be a part of that. So those are tthey types of things I'm focusing on. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Sterling Auty  That's awesome. Before we get too far in, I just want to remind, for those in tthey audience, if you do want to submit a question, just scan QR code, type in a question, I'll pop up on tthey iPad, and we'll work it into tthey discussion. Just going back to tthey video that you showed, ttheyre was a lot of things that were ttheyre. What are some of tthey things that jump out at you that have you excited? Scott Belsky  Yes. I think ttheyre -- ttheyre are a few -- well, let me answer it ttheir way. If we look out a few years into tthey future and, in many cases, much sooner than that, what sorts of experience would you expect made possible by Adobe? You should expect that in any of our flagship products, tthey ability to generate ottheyr variations or parts of your work and also explore far more surface area of possibility, as you're trying to solve a problem for a customer or make a movie or make an image or whatever tthey case may be, do brand development, generative actions will be fully baked into tthey workflows of ttheyse products. And ttheyy will just be a native part of creation. You're going to be making something, and ttheyre's going to be a Generate button in all kinds of places in different moments, and it's just going to generate various variations. And you can take bits and pieces from different ones, stitching togettheyr and make new generations based on that. It's a very kind of empowering for tthey creative world moment wtheyre -- because every creative has always said, if I just had more time, I could explore more possibility and come up with better solutions. And so it's always been a function of time. And so ttheir is technology that sort of turbocharges possibility in that regard. So I think you'll see that in our flagships. I think you'll see far more people in tthey world gaining creative confidence. I feel like creative confidence kind of peaked for many of us wtheyn we were six years old. And it kind of went down from ttheyre as people stopped putting our work on ttheyir refrigerators. And I think that we're entering an area now wtheyre any of us with ideas can kind of come in and prompt and get pieces of video and imagery and whatever else. Of course, wtheyn you do that, what is tthey next thing you want to do? You want to make a change. You want to add text. You want to add a logo. You want to make it on brand. You want to add a little tent. You want to take someone else's style and add it, so you can augment it in some way, shape or form. That's like part of tthey human desire we all have. I think we're very squarely positioned for that. So people are going to come in with Express and some of our Firefly standalone capabilities. And I hope that we show ttheym wanting to get more serious and take on additional tooling and become better customers of ours. Final thing, I think, you should expect is tthey whole world of marketing to change. I think it's going to become far more personalized than we can even imagine. I think that e-commerce websites will welcome us by name and have assets that are catered to our own interest and our own -- tthey stuff that we like and. And that customer data profile is going to be at tthey core of personalizing ttheyse experiences. And tthey connection with all tthey source of truth assets is going to be a key part of enabling every digital experience to be hyper-personalized. Sterling Auty  Ttheyre's a lot to unpack ttheyre. First of all, thank you for Photoshop on tthey iPad. Just that was a big step. So tthey work that you did ttheyre, really appreciate it personally. So I want to hit AI theyad on. Ttheyre's definitely two big camps. Ttheyre's a group of investors that think Adobe is going to be a winner and ttheyre's anottheyr camp that I think you're going to be negatively disrupted. Obviously, we expect you to believe that you're going to be a winner. But what gives you confidence that Adobe is going to be a winner in generative AI? Scott Belsky  Yes. So I think that ttheyre are three core convictions I have deep in my soul, which is why I'm theyre. Number one is that I think far more people will want to express our ideas and stand out creatively. And I think that making tools like Firefly as well as Adobe Express, as well as making all of our products easier to use, which AI theylps us do, and we can get to in a minute, that's going to be great for our business. And I think that we should have 100x more customers at tthey top of our funnel playing and paying to be able to express ttheymselves creatively and stand out, wtheyttheyr it's at school or on social or with our PowerPoint presentations or whatever it might be. So that's a core conviction. Number two is that Creatives don't ever sit stagnant. If something gets easier for ttheym to do, ttheyy don't say, "Oh, great, I'll quit earlier today." Ttheyy'd use that time to make something better. Just like it's part of how creativity works. Creators are always advancing ttheyir segment, just like every athlete is always advancing ttheyir sports. Tthey tennis players of today are far better than ttheyy were 10 years ago. That's how it's going to roll out and continue to roll out for creative professionals. And we're seeing that because we're testing our features and our products with our customers. And what we're seeing is that ttheyy're exploring so many more possibilities at every stage of ttheyir journey now and not just enticing ttheym to want to push furttheyr and do more and make it better. And so yes, I mean, you could argue, if you have a team of five designers, right? And suddenly, you've freed up 30% of ttheyir -- each of ttheyir capacity using some of ttheir new technology, does that mean you want to hire now fewer designers? Or does that mean you want to design more things? And I think and better things. And so I'm on tthey camp. And by tthey way, tthey theirtory, for example of engineering. Engineering become more productive every year for decades, yet people keep hiring more engineers because ttheyy want to create more products and ttheyy want to create better products with tthey new-found productivity. And so I believe that Creative professionals are continuing to advance ttheyir segment, and AI is going to enable ttheym to do that. Sterling Auty  One of tthey areas that's kind of come up in my investor conversations is around tthey consumer segment in particular. How does AI impact or benefit that segment of tthey business? Scott Belsky  Which segment? Sterling Auty  Just tthey consumer. Scott Belsky  Oh, tthey consumer user. Sterling Auty  Or prosumer. Scott Belsky  Yes. So -- and we also see ttheir with Express, which I think is very similar. I mean, generative AI is just a source of ingredient assets. And so you could start and find ingredient assets from sorting through templates. You could find ttheym through stock assets. You could find ttheym through prompts now with generative AI. Once you find an asset that you like, you ttheyn need to do something with it. And usually, you have to add a text to it. You have to edit it. You have to make it yours. You have to put your product in it, whatever those cases may be. That's why I believe that tools need to be natively integrated into tthey ingredient and wtheyre you're prompting for tthey ingredients. I think tthey ottheyr thing that people forget, especially on tthey prosumer and consumer side of things is that we need ideas. We need ideas. That's why people like to browse. People like sort through stock photography. People like to get suggestions for prompt as opposed to have to think of ttheym ttheymselves. And so that's how ttheyse tools need to evolve and need to be successful. And so we're obviously squarely positioned with what we're doing with Firefly and Express, but that's our approach to it. Sterling Auty  So let's dive into Firefly. What exactly is Firefly? Scott Belsky  So Firefly is our family of generative AI models that is starting with use cases around text-to-image, text-to-text effect, which is a really cool. You actually saw an example in that video of a word and ttheyn you like typed in and you make it like nylon letters or balloons or whatever. And ttheyn it instantly creates -- turns those letters into that prompt as well as a vector creation and under development, so many more things like 3D and video and many ottheyr -- met tthey ottheyr generative AI capabilities. So tthey Firefly is our family. Sterling Auty  And is that going to manifest itself as a stand-alone product? Or is that being done inside of like Photoshop? Scott Belsky  Yes. So it will come to market in three ways. It will come to market as both tthey stand-alone Firefly product and is really baked into Express. And I think that's really wtheyre we're monetizing through eittheyr people getting more credits to generate more stuff or ttheyy're just converting to Express and getting some credits associated with that subscription and ttheyn hopefully getting even more credits as ttheyy generate more stuff. So that's number one. I think it comes to market through our flagships, and generative capabilities will be baked into every single part of tthey workflows across ttheyse flagships over time. People will be paying for tthey plan for ttheyse flagships, and ttheyy'll be getting a lot more value now as a result of some of ttheyse AI capabilities, which we hope to capture in tthey pricing of tthey plans as well as we hope that ttheyy get more generative credits. And if we do a good job of making it so much easier and more exciting to create using generative capabilities, we should be having people add on more credits to ttheyir flagship plans. And ttheyn tthey third area is on tthey enterprise side. And one of tthey things I'm most excited about, and ttheir goes into that third like sort of belief and conviction I have around personalization, I believe that every brand in tthey world will have ttheyir own proprietary model that is trained on ttheyir own assets. And so if you're Nike, for example, what are you going to want your teams to use? You're going to want ttheym to use a commercially viable model that was trained in tthey right way, which you can talk about Firefly, plus all tthey assets that Nike has, right, that hopefully are stored in Creative Cloud or in our AEM system. And so we believe that brands will have ttheyir own proprietary kind of versions of Firefly that ttheyy're using. And that will, of course, be a service ttheyy're paying for. Sterling Auty  So ttheyre's a number of investors that are brand new to just tthey world of AI. Wtheyn you talk about credits and buying more credits, what is ttheir credit idea? What's tthey monetization model? Scott Belsky  So tthey monetization model, it's simple in tthey sense that every customer that is a customer of ours today, as ttheyir plans get enhanced with generative AI capabilities, I do believe, again, that ttheyy're getting more value, and we should get more value in tthey traditional business model as it is today as a start, right? Alongside that, ttheyre is tthey idea of every generation you do. So I want to generate 17 versions of ttheir one thing I made for Instagram to be able to fit across every ottheyr format of every ottheyr social platform. Some of those will require texts to be reimagined. Some of ttheym will require pixels to be added. And for generative AI to guess what would actually fill tthey frame, ttheyre's all kinds of stuff going on behind tthey scenes to generate those 17 variations that any social media marketer would want. And ttheyy used to have to spend days to create. Now ttheyy can just generate it. Those are 17 generations, right? And if ttheyy have a credits for generations that is -- I don't know, I'm making up a number now, but 1,000 or 2,000, ttheyy just start to eat into that as ttheyy make more of ttheyse requests. Imagine a marketer who is taking a final asset that was delivered to ttheym, and ttheyy're sending that asset through our campaign -- Adobe Campaign system to customers around tthey world. And ttheyy want to actually generate 140 versions of ttheir e-mail because ttheyy have different geos and different languages and also different images will be more performant based on tthey data ttheyy've captured previously with us. That's -- those are all generative credits that are being leveraged to generate ttheyse various assets that ttheyy're going to ttheyn use for ttheyir marketing. And so we need to bake tthey generation capability into our products. We need to kind of make sure everyone has some so ttheyy get tthey taste of ttheir, and ttheyn we want to make sure ttheyy just start using it. Sterling Auty  So in essence, it's a consumption-based model? Scott Belsky  It is. Sterling Auty  And ttheyn sounds great. You showed tthey video, but wtheyn is ttheir actually going to get in users' hands? Scott Belsky  Yes. So Firefly, we've been rolling out invites into tthey private beta every single week. And now we have certainly a lot of users. We've announced, ttheyre's over 70 million generations that have been done using Firefly by ttheyse early customers. We've announced that we've had over 1 million people request access. And also, we've shared that a lot of those million are actually net new Adobe IDs, which is also a trend we see in Express, a lot of net new Adobe IDs coming into tthey funnel. And imminently, we are going to take off tthey -- sort of open tthey floodgates, as we say internally, for Firefly because we have tthey capacity now ready, and we have tthey mechanisms to like deliver high-quality service, sort of battle tested. And ttheyn once that happens, ttheyn it all becomes tthey go-to-market game. Sterling Auty  So a couple of questions came in from tthey audience. I want to work in theyre as well. One is how will Firefly really connect? We talked a little bit with tthey rest of tthey Creative Cloud, Creative Suite, but also potentially with Figma, what's tthey longer-term view of tthey kind of connectivity? Scott Belsky  Yes. Well, tthey connection between generative AI and our existing flagships and tthey marketing tools, I think I just made relatively clear, and I'm happy on some more questions on that, wtheyn I look at -- we're in tthey asset-creation business across all of ttheyse different segments. People use our products to make video and images and logos and illustrations and everything else. I'm talking about tthey Creative Cloud side, of course, of tthey business. With Figma, people are stitching all ttheyse assets togettheyr, putting ttheym into an interactive product experience that is ttheyn handed off to developers. And of course, around half of Figma users are developers, which are not currently in our ecosystem, and we hope ttheyy are soon. But tthey idea of -- initially, tthey idea of having all ttheyse assets be linked assets is really enticing, and our customers are very excited about tthey prospect of wtheyn ttheyy're stitching ttheyse -- wtheyn ttheyy're making those assets and ttheyy're handing ttheym off to product designers, ttheyy're working with ttheyir developers ttheyy're working with, having those assets be linked and live. Such that if you update tthey video or update tthey image or change tthey slogan for tthey Christmas campaign or whatever ottheyr things you do in real time, tthey product designers and developers you work with, ttheyy can like update ttheyir assets and make sure that ttheyse prototypes and tthey actual interactive product experiences are up to date. So that's kind of one of tthey major synergy cases we're excited about and aside from getting us into ttheir new market of product design and development. But also, with generative AI, ttheyre's all kinds of situations wtheyre you're designing a prototype. And you need to generate 50 fake people just to kind of show how a directory would look or you're trying to generate some various versions of a design. So I think tthey Firefly would be a really exciting integration on tthey Figma side. Sterling Auty  You talked about Express a couple of times. Help people understand what is Express and wtheyre does it fit in tthey product portfolio? Scott Belsky  Sure. So Express is a mixed media, widely accessible Creative product across web and mobile that really touctheys tthey needs of a lot of tthey people who don't have tthey skills or tthey endurance for a learning curve and how to create with some of tthey Pro products. Tthey part of tthey insight around Express also is really around organizations, teams in tthey enterprise. If you have a company ttheyse days, you have folks that design tthey products and design tthey actual branding and all ttheir stuff, which is hopefully stored in our Creative Cloud library service or in cloud documents that you're using. You also have all ttheyse social media marketers and everyone else internally that's making presentations and anyone else that wants to be on brand and have tthey source of treat brand assets at ttheyir fingertips. And so tthey idea of outfitting all of ttheyse social media marketers and ottheyr people that you work with in agencies and everything else with tthey ability to use templates and be able to share it in real time is an important need ttheyse days in tthey world of marketing. One of those moments wtheyre I realize ttheir, you remember, everyone remember tthey Super Bowl wtheyre tthey lights went out for a few seconds? And within 30 seconds, OREO did ttheir campaign, You Can Still Dunk In Tthey Dark. And if you think about what has to happen behind tthey scenes for a marketing team to think and act in real time, ttheyy need to have access to those assets. Ttheyy can't rely on tthey design and tthey branding team. Ttheyy can't rely on approval processes. Ttheyy have to have templates ttheyy can use, like all ttheir stuff needs to be at ttheyir fingertips. And that's kind of ttheir new think and act on real-time world that we're in ttheyse days as marketing budgets shift towards social, that we need to outfit brands, companies, teams to work in. So Express is like really squarely focused on some of that on tthey enterprise side as well. And final thing I would just say is that tthey content that shows up in social media and increasing ottheyr places ttheyse days is mixed media. You don't come in to Instagram, sometimes thinking it's going to be an image versus a video versus animation versus text or whatever. It's actually an amalgamation of all those things. So Express is natively a mixed media tool. And tthey next generation of Express, in my opinion, brings out to an entirely different level, and that's launching imminently. Sterling Auty  Excellent. You also talked about Express, not tthey separation between Express and Pro. How does AI ttheyn, outside of Firefly, manifest itself within tthey Pro products, within tthey Creative Cloud Photoshop, et cetera? Scott Belsky  Yes. So yes, of course, Firefly deeply embedded in Express. We talked about that. And with Express, you can also always open up things in tthey Pro products. That's anottheyr feature that's coming, and that's an important part of our funnel and tthey connective tissue of all ttheyse products. But on tthey flagship side, so what tthey teams are now doing is with customer empathy, knowing what challenges ttheyir customers face and how ttheyir customers work every day and what ttheyse workflows look like, ttheyy know what Firefly is capable of, and ttheyy're taking ttheyse APIs we have internally and ttheyn ttheyy're just baking ttheym into all ttheyse workflows. And so what you'll see, and I think I showed a little glimpse of it, but we're going to be launching soon a feature in Photoshop called Generative Fill. And it actually literally just anything you select, you can fill it with anything you can imagine. And it makes it completely integrated into tthey asset you're working with, but it's also a non-destructive asset, which what that means is that you can save it as a layer and you can manipulate that layer without changing tthey whole thing. Any ottheyr prompt based fund tool out ttheyre ttheyse days is a destructive asset. It just spits it out, and it's -- and ttheyn you take it into Photoshop and you have to work with it. Well, what if you didn't have to do that? What if you actually could prompt in Photoshop get something, but it's a non-destructive asset with layers, and you can furttheyr edit and make it something that you would use commercially. Sterling Auty  That's been my personal frustration with some of tthey tools that are out ttheyre, is that change process. What about tthey possibility of a co-pilot type of element within something like Photoshop? Scott Belsky  Yes. So ttheir is anottheyr major focus for us right now is -- and ttheir is wtheyre Firefly is our foundational models, and those are all built internally and has built on our data sets and everything else. We are also going to be partnering, on tthey LLM side, to power natural language capabilities across our products. And so you can imagine, I'll make up a name called tthey Adobe AI Assistant. That is a box on tthey side of all of our products, across products that greets you, asks you what you're trying to accomplish and functions in three ways. Number one is it certainly trains you and theylps you. It's a much better natural language way of navigating. Tthey second thing it does for you is it gives you ideas. So as you're doing something, it might say, "Hey, try ttheir color variation. It performs better or try ttheir font. It might be a better fit." So it's actually suggesting things to you. And ttheyn tthey third thing it's doing is it's actually doing things for you. You can actually use it as a command center. You can say, "Hey, theyre's an tthey image. Crop it. Oh, theyre's video, cut it please out in ttheir audio." And so if you think about what that does to our flagship products, that I'm really excited about, is it boosts success in those products for new customers. Because you can come in and you don't have to now be done with ttheir learning curve of Premiere Pro, which is a Hollywood-grade video editor. You can actually upload a family video. You can use it through tthey co-pilot capability and ttheyn you can see tthey cursors moving around. And hopefully, at some point, you decide to take control of that cursor. But in that case, you're a successful customer. And one of tthey things I've been passionate about for almost tthey last six years in ttheyse two roles I've had, is tthey opportunity for retention being a growth driver. Ttheyre are some people who just can't figure out some of ttheyse products. And every time we make an incremental improvement in retention and success of tthey customer, that's like a material impact to growth of our business, of our core. And so ttheyse technologies can really improve that funnel as well as meet tthey needs of all tthey ottheyr things we've discussed. Sterling Auty  To me, that's wtheyre I think anottheyr vector for tthey TAM expansion. So I'm a Photoshop user, but I don't use it every single day. So wtheynever my wife says, "Oh, I need ttheir image to do ttheir." Up on tthey screen is Photoshop on tthey left and YouTube on tthey right. Scott Belsky  Right. Sterling Auty  Right? Scott Belsky  Yes. Sterling Auty  Because you're searching YouTube like, how do I blah, blah, blah in Photoshop. Being able to do that, I think, is going to... Scott Belsky  And I think it's a great point. And I think that tthey next generation will be like, why did ttheyy have to do that? Like tthey idea of YouTube in parallel, like you should never have to do that. So that's why I would say AI is ttheir platform shift because it really changes tthey nature of how we use all of ttheyse products. But for us, it's value expansion in tthey sense that people are going to get more value out of tthey tools we're giving ttheym. Ttheyy're going to be able to explore more possibilities, try more things, convert to more formats and more languages and ttheyy're going to be able to pay for that. It's also market expansion because not only is it tthey net new Adobe ideas you talked about, tthey net new Adobe ideas we talked about in Firefly Express, but it's also tthey increased success that customers have in our flagship products. And that's also market expansion, if you think about it because we lose some of those people today. Sterling Auty  Absolutely. One of tthey ottheyr questions that came in kind of along those lines is tthey marginal cost of tthey Creative process kind of drives towards zero, how does that really just change tthey competitive landscape? Meaning that you're not tthey only ones that are going to want to pursue ttheir path, you guys obviously have a massive theyad start. But how does it really just change tthey competitive dynamics out ttheyre? Scott Belsky  Well, it's an interesting question, which I don't -- because ttheyre's a premise in ttheyre I don't fully agree with, which is ttheir notion of tthey creative process becoming free. Like we're going to continue to charge for our products. And again, like you can always source an asset out ttheyre. And ttheyn what do you want to do with it is tthey question. And one thing we haven't really covered is tthey way that we've approactheyd Firefly was informed by our customers saying to us that ttheyy are not willing to use generative AI trained on stuff that was copyrighted and IP-protected. Ttheyy don't see ttheir commercially viable. And so wtheyn I talk to tthey Omnicoms and Publicis of tthey world, some of ttheyse big brands that are excited about ttheyse capabilities, ttheyy want -- ttheyy're asking me questions like, how exactly how is your training data sourced? I need to attest to my clients that ttheyre's absolutely no risk. And if you think about it, it makes sense. In order to have an asset in stock, you need to have model releases and building releases and all that sort of stuff. So ttheyre is a desire amongst customers to have commercially viable models, and ttheyre's going to always be a creative process around what you do once you get something from those models. And ttheyn tthey final thing I would just say is that creative professionals always push furttheyr. So if you give ttheym more time or you make tthey marginal cost of discovering a solution lower, ttheyy will just consider more solutions, and ttheyy will just find something better. And so unless we think that digital experience has gotten as good as ttheyy'll ever get, and now it's just a matter of reducing tthey cost to get ttheyre, that's one way of looking at tthey world. I don't look at it that way. I think digital experiences keep getting better. We're going to live in an immersive world. I mean, right now, ttheyre's no assets around us. But in a few years, we're all going to have devices, and ttheyre's going to be all kinds of content around us. And ttheyre's going to be an Adobe brand over my theyad, and ttheyre's going to be all ttheir information that is stimulating and theylping me explain what I'm even saying in real time probably, that's content, and that's digital experience getting to anottheyr level. And as a company, we believe tthey future digital experiences will improve. Sterling Auty  So closed captions on steroids. Scott Belsky  I think we are going to be boggling, boggled by what's coming. Sterling Auty  So along tthey competitive idea and what you're talking about, how big is tthey Adobe content database? Is ttheyre really competitive risks stemming from open source models, tthey mid journeys, et cetera, being trained on commercially viable content? Scott Belsky  Yes. So I think that -- I think if I were to play ttheir out a little bit, so we have a really strong set of models with Firefly. Wtheyn we launctheyd Firefly, of course, ttheyre were snarky bloggers who went in and typed in Spider-Man doing something in Firefly and Spider-Man doing something in ottheyr sort of openly scraped models. And ttheyy said, "Wait a second, Firefly doesn't know who Spider-Man is. It's a spider with that looks like a man. What's going on theyre?" And my response is, that's a feature, not a bug. That's based on what our customers needed in order to feel like ttheyy could confidently use us for commercial purposes. But I also was thinking, obviously, in tthey planning for ttheir, what an opportunity to go to Marvel and have ttheym license tthey use of ttheyir IP for people to use on an end level to have tthey real Spider-Man. And that's kind of tthey Spotify model theyre, right? Is -- and that's like a big debate theyre, right? Is ttheir like an Napster moment? And is Napster going to be -- does tthey value of music just go to zero and music's free from now on? Or are ttheyre better solutions like Spotify and Apple Music and ottheyrs? And yes, maybe tthey recording artists make a little less money than ttheyy did in tthey old CD world, but like that becomes tthey new kind of mainstream way that, that industry works. And so I happen to believe that we're going to use licensed content in models for all kinds of creative purposes going forward. I believe that tthey 40-plus million profiles, in Behance, of artists around tthey world that all have styles that are currently stored and represented as assets in our database, I think those people are going to want to license ttheyir style to people in Express, to people in Photoshop and ottheyr places in a commercially viable fashion, and that we have tthey opportunity to be tthey Spotify, if you will, in between some of that. So that's how -- and by tthey way, I also think it's easier for tthey consumer. In our case, tthey person who's creating something to do it that way as opposed to have some of tthey risks and sort of tthey messiness of doing it tthey Napster way. Sterling Auty  So is that almost like finally getting to -- if I think about like stock photography to get images and tthey way you monetize. Because I think about Behance files, I also think about DBNR and ottheyrs that have tried to build that marketplace but it just never seemed to really break through? Scott Belsky  Yes. And I think that tthey -- it's interesting, like Behance is a marketplace of talent, but we just don't capture. We're not doing tthey LinkedIn model, and we're also not a theyadhunter. So we've done ttheyse polls wtheyre we say, how -- have you been hired through Behance? And how much have you been paid? And we've realized hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of transactions go through that platform on a quarterly basis, except it's not -- we're not trying to be in tthey middle of that. But in ttheir new world wtheyre people styles can ttheyn be used to train models that can be delivered at tthey fingertips of people whoever ttheyy're creating, I think ttheyre's an opportunity for us to explore that. Sterling Auty  How would you kind of characterize what is best-in-class wtheyn it comes to ttheyse generative AI models for ttheir use case? And wtheyre does Adobe fit versus what else is out ttheyre? So are you already a leader? Are you catching up? Wtheyre does things stand? Scott Belsky  I think we have tthey best UI for print-based creativity with Firefly in tthey world right now. And you could argue, one of our biggest competitors is in a Discord channel. So maybe that's a low bar. But we have developed an interface that is really a playground for people to come in and play. We believe that novelty proceeds utility oftentimes, and people need to be able to discover some of ttheyse capabilities and play with ttheym before ttheyy understand how ttheyy can be used in ttheyir kind of commercial workflows. And so it's like a great progression theyre to launch Firefly, see how customers use it. In tthey same time in parallel, we're building tthey capabilities into our flagship. So we -- and we have tthey signal from our customers of how ttheyy want to use ttheir stuff. And now it's interesting, though, if you watch people use ttheyse prompt-based creative tools, tthey first thing ttheyy do is ttheyy're like, let me think of a creative prompt. Like, what am I going to prompt? What do I say? Do I ask for an ad for a tennis racket that won't work? Like I have to be descriptive and I have to -- and so actually realize pretty quickly, ttheyy need ideas. And so we're surfacing ideas as well, and that's wtheyre I think tthey styles can come into play to give people ideas of styles for what ttheyy might want to get for some creative project ttheyy're doing. And ttheyn, by tthey way, as soon as ttheyy get something, what do ttheyy want to do? Ttheyy want to edit it. Ttheyy want to add text. Ttheyy want to make it ttheyirs, et cetera, et cetera. Ttheyy can bring it into Express or ttheyy can bring it into some of our flagship products. And so that's why we think it's such a powerful new top-of-funnel because it's a very frictionless way to start creating and ttheyn to want to take it furttheyr. Sterling Auty  So a question came in just following up on earlier one. Maybe you're in a position to answer, and maybe Jonathan can weigh in. But just tthey idea, have you guys ever recently commented in terms of what portion of tthey ARR or what portion of tthey business is consumer/prosumer? I know it's been years ago Adobe did, but is ttheyre anything more recent that's been out ttheyre?  No. Okay. We'll jump atheyad ttheyn on it. What is tthey tech stack that's actually underneath Firefly? Is ttheir -- was ttheir built upon tthey existing kind of Creative Cloud stack? Scott Belsky  Yes. So tthey services are... Sterling Auty  Or Sensei. Scott Belsky  Yes. So it is part of tthey Sensei organization, which is our overall AI effort. And as you all know, I think, like we've been shipping AI features for almost a decade. I mean, neuro filters in Photoshop, content-aware fill in Photoshop and in after effects, liquid mode in tthey Acrobat business. I mean, we have a pretty robust AI organization. Tthey cool thing about being at Adobe, though, is that tthey talent we recruit and attract across tthey marketplace for AI are people who have deep desires to be in, say, imaging or video or 3D. Tthey general purpose AI talent might be attracted by some of tthey sort of ottheyr sort of AI-centric players that are just doing AI. We get tthey people who like want to go deep in verticals, and that's allowed us to have an advantage in building ttheyse imaging models and video models over tthey years. And so wtheyn we started a lot of ttheir work, building our generative models, again, which all were done in-house using hundreds of PhDs and folks who think about ttheir all day every day, we were also able to start to future thing, like how do we make ttheir but in a -- so tthey asset can be leveraged in ttheyse products? How can we make ttheir in a way that can feed tthey marketing pipeline of tthey future? So we've been kind of kind of plotting and planting tthey seeds of a lot of ttheir for years and building tthey core foundational models. And ttheyn in tthey last few months, it's just become like a whip-up, like everyone is asking all ttheyse questions. And internally, we're like, yes, I mean, we've been working on ttheir for quite some time. And tthey good news is that Firefly, I think, came to tthey market at tthey right time, and we're launching it in tthey right way, like with progressions of people giving us feedback. And now we're pretty ready to open up tthey floodgates. Sterling Auty  I also want to spend a few minutes kind of on tthey broader Creative Cloud and specifically a lot of discussion and interest in tthey acquisition of Figma. Maybe just to kick off for those that are newer to, wtheyre does Figma kind of fit within tthey overall Adobe portfolio? And what's kind of tthey core technology that ttheyy're bringing to tthey table? Scott Belsky  Sure. Well, Figma is a product design and development platform. And that is a segment we have never really played in at scale, for sure. And it's -- Figma has talked about tthey fact that almost 50% of ttheyir users are developers. We don't really have developers as customers. On tthey Creative Cloud side, we are in tthey asset creation business. And so as I was saying earlier and having tthey idea of connecting tthey assets and tthey creation of assets with tthey process of developing interactive product experiences and shipping ttheym through tthey use of -- through partnership with developers, that's like -- that's one of tthey biggest synergies. I would say tthey second synergy that we're really excited about is Figma's FigJam product, which is a great kind of collaborative tool that we think could very much augment Express and also work with -- for some of our Acrobat customers, et cetera. In terms of tthey product design and development segment, I mean, clearly, it's big. One of tthey things that's interesting is that wtheyn you deliver ttheyse interactive product experiences, tthey idea of that's -- that ends up -- and ttheyre's a lot of synergies with our Digital Experience Cloud as well and how you like to sort of serve ttheyse sites and how you optimize and personalize tthey experiences, that sort of stuff. So ttheyre's a number of synergies that we're excited about. Sterling Auty  Is ttheyre any part of tthey Adobe product portfolio kind of overlaps with what ttheyy did or what ttheyy're doing, I should say? Scott Belsky  No. I mean I think one of tthey things that I get asked is around tthey collaborative nature of ttheyir products. And I think that what I tried to do -- to clarify for people is ttheyre's a difference in tthey way that developers and product designers and all ttheyir stakeholders collaborate, which Figma like serves really well, and tthey collaboration needs in our ottheyr products, which are actually not only distinct from that, but actually pretty well served right now. And if you think about it, Photoshop and Illustrator, now on tthey web as well. We have share for review across all of our products, which is a way for you to share with any stakeholders. And what we don't actually believe our customers on -- in Photoshop, for example, want is hundreds of people in tthey same file at once. If you go and you talk to people, in tthey segment of product design and development, ttheyy need that. That's kind of tthey way that works. However, if you ask a Photoshop customer, do ttheyy want three ottheyr people in ttheyir file at once, let alone 300, ttheyy'd like freak out and say like, "What do you mean? I'm making an image. Like that would never want that. And by tthey way, actually, please don't do that." So we've really focused our collaborative roadmap on all of our creative asset creation products on making sure that it's seamless sharing for feedback and that you can seamlessly share a cloud document. So people can pick up wtheyre you left off without relying on a Dropbox or something like that. It's a very different sort of collaboration agenda than what Figma has tackled for product designers and developers. Sterling Auty  Is ttheyre anything in tthey core Figma architecture that comes over that benefits from just -- you mentioned Photoshop and tthey web, et cetera. We think about Figma and Canva being that -- I don't know if cloud native is even tthey right discussion of, but what ttheyir user environment looks like are ttheyre pieces that you will actually be able to benefit from in terms of taking that next step with Creative Cloud? Scott Belsky  Well, I think one of tthey things I'm excited to explore and we've talked about is bringing some of tthey Creative Cloud capabilities into tthey product design and development environment. So in some instances, as you shouldn't have to go to Photoshop from Figma to make and edit to an image. Ttheyre are certain things we can do in line. We have ttheir incredible library of for letting capabilities in Lightroom that we've packaged up beautifully and can come to tthey surface in ottheyr products. And so it's exciting to bring some of those capabilities to tthey Figma platform. And I'm sure we have a lot to teach one anottheyr as well across all forms of web development. But at tthey same time, we've actually brought our products to tthey cloud and added collaborative capabilities that are required across our segments now already on tthey flagship side. So I'm more focused on tthey synergies and bringing some of tthey capabilities to Figma. Sterling Auty  So let's switch over to digital experience as well. That's a newer area for, I think, in terms of your responsibility. I think for over a decade, Adobe has talked about trying to -- and you mentioned ttheir earlier in your prepared -- in your first answers, connecting tthey content creation tools to data analytics, et cetera, to optimize workflows. Wtheyre are we in ttheir journey? Scott Belsky  On tthey digital experience side? Sterling Auty  Yes. Scott Belsky  Yes. Well, I think tthey core conviction we talked about a lot ttheyse days is that tthey future of digital experiences will be hyper-personalized. And what that requires is that every company really understands ttheyir first-party data, has customer data profiles for all ttheyir customers and can do something with it. And so one of tthey things I think about a lot ttheyse days is I'm calling it tthey digital experience flywtheyel. But you have all tthey creative tools and capabilities we've discussed. And ttheyn you have all tthey data that companies have on ttheyir customers, ttheyir language preferences, ttheyir fashion preferences, like any preferences that ttheyy have about ttheyir customers that ttheyy obviously collect and ensure that ttheyy can deliver a personalized service, that data is now also driving AI  [technical difficulty] what types of digital experiences you should deliver to your customers? And also with generative AI, you can actually create assets to deliver those experiences, which augments tthey creative side of tthey equation. And ttheyn you have tthey delivery of ttheym, which is tthey DX business. It's tthey campaigns. It's tthey websites. It's AM. It's everything else. It's analytics that ttheyn feeds more data. And so ttheyre's actually a flywtheyel going on theyre wtheyre tthey creative side with data and AI feeds tthey marketing side, which creates more data, which improves tthey AI, which feeds tthey creative side and I think it’s amazing… Sterling Auty  Cycle. Scott Belsky  Yes, cycle. And so I think we have to build our products and our roadmap. And so tthey big bet theyre is that tthey future of digital experiences will be personalized. And that's how tthey next generation of companies will better engage, retain and monetize ttheyir own customers, right? And that in order to do that, tthey data, tthey AI and tthey creative, like need to be intrinsically connected with tthey system. It seems obvious to me, right? And I don't think ttheyre's anottheyr company that I can think of is in a better position to deliver that. Because we have Adobe Analytics, and we're also sending tthey campaigns, and we're also tthey source of truth or brand assets for some of tthey biggest companies in tthey world, and ttheyy're using our Creative products. And we generative AI now, we can build ttheyse finely-tuned models based on ttheyir data to better serve ttheyir needs. So we have tthey building blocks, and it's a lot more like sort of clear now how it all comes togettheyr. And as AI, as that threat I was referring to earlier, we have to deliver that. Sterling Auty  And it seems like ttheir has been tthey one area that's been tthey most fragmented of all tthey different areas that Adobe, not fragmenting tthey competitive landscape. Ttheyre are thousands of companies that do ttheyse individual literally nicthey items. Is ttheir finally tthey precipice wtheyre we can get consolidation in a move to a "platform"? Scott Belsky  Well, a few things from tthey field. I know that right now, as a lot of companies are facing, how do we increase our efficiency? How do we prepare for ttheir AI world? How do we reduce our cost by having all ttheyse vendors all over tthey place? How do we consolidate? Ttheir is theylping our conversations right now, because all of our customers want to have a better digital experience ttheyy deliver to customers. Ttheyy want a less fractured stack. Ttheyy want to make sure that ttheyy're future-proofing ttheymselves for tthey world of AI, and that's like feeding directly into tthey conversations we're having right now with our customers. Sterling Auty  So a couple more questions in from tthey audience. I want to make sure we squeeze in. First one is, how do you avoid generative AI just cannibalizing tthey consumer Prosumer Creative Cloud users with good-enough editing? Stuff that can all happen in AI with no need for a mouse, for example. Scott Belsky  Sure. Listen, I mean, Express is a template-based tool. You can find a template and start with it or you could just use it and not edit it, right? Similarly, generative AI is anottheyr source of ingredients at tthey top of tthey funnel. If people want to come in and just buy a credit pack and use it and ttheyn be done and take it as if it was a stock image or whatever else, that's a new business for us. Essentially, ttheyy wanted to be a commercially viable asset that has -- we have kind of credentials that can show that it can be used. If ttheyy want to sell it or if ttheyy want to put it on and have it being add on Instagram or whatever else, ttheyre are signals in tthey market that tthey commercial viability of assets is going to matter, just like you can't use a copyrighted image on Google necessarily on Instagram. I mean, I think some of those flavors will follow through. But regardless, it's a source of generated assets. Our job is to make you want to do something with it. And so if you generate an asset and you want to add a title, you want to use your brand kit and make it yours, you want to change something, you want to add a different person in it, you want to make it a more diverse image, whatever tthey case might be that you have, you're going to want to use tools to do it. And so that's why with tthey Bard integration, for example, we're going to use tthey integration of Firefly powering Google's image generation to bring people, once ttheyy get that asset, into Express to edit it furttheyr. We think that's a tremendous top of funnel opportunity for us, and it's not an exclusive deal. We want to make sure that API access to Firefly is a real business for us, and it's proliferated through any source of generation around, because we're so convinced that people are going to want to do something with ttheir asset. Even if it's just sctheyduling it to post on a social platform, that Express does that for you. And so it's just a -- it's a widening of tthey top of funnel. And it's our job to entice people to add text, to edit, to furttheyr be creative with it, tap into ttheyir own like humanity to become a customer. Sterling Auty  I just think about it ttheir way. It just raised tthey bar in terms of what you can do. Scott Belsky  Yes. Sterling Auty  Ttheir is going to sound simplistic and maybe a little bit silly, but wtheyn red-eye reduction became something you could do on your phone, it's not like a killed Photoshop, right? You just focused on what's tthey next elevation of what you can actually do with tthey tools. Scott Belsky  I mean, wtheyn I talked to a lot of young photograptheyrs today, and I'm like, why do you use Lightroom? It's because ttheyy want to go furttheyr. And it turns out tthey ubiquity of cameras. And photo-editing capabilities actually makes people want to develop ttheyir craft and become better. And so that's a fundamental belief I just have about creativity, is that wtheyn you get people tools to do things, ttheyy just want to go furttheyr. Ttheyy want to go furttheyr. And AI is, no doubt, one of those tailwinds that should make far more people want to be creative, get engaged with ttheyse products and certainly take tthey digital experiences people create to anottheyr level. Sterling Auty  Last question is, have tthey biggest technological jumps in generative AI for text to image -- actually already been made, and now it's just about Adobe executing. So in ottheyr words, what inning are we in terms of just tthey innovation in terms of text to image? Scott Belsky  No. I mean, we're in tthey early innings. Sterling Auty  That's what I think too. Scott Belsky  And -- we're in tthey early innings, and ttheyre's so many -- I mean ttheyre's practical gaps to fill in ttheyse models like making hands be perfect, allowing you to prompt with crowds of people. I mean ttheyre's so many fascinating puzzles that our teams are cracking right now. Ttheyy're doing it in such imaginative ways, making sure that you can prompt and get amazing 3-dimensional images that you can ttheyn furttheyr edit in certain -- in parametric ways just like make that couch bigger and stuff like that. I mean we're in tthey early, early innings. And it's just -- we're in that novelty phase still. But it's great because more people come in, more people start tinkering. And it's tthey companies that have tthey deeply specialized talent, tthey ability to tune into tthey customer needs and leverage tthey resources, to bring that UI to tthey surface, allow customers to go furttheyr and also, in my mind, like can connect it to like tthey desire to deliver personalized digital experiences, that's like tthey playbook we're most excited about. Sterling Auty  Love it. With that, Scott, thank you so much for joining us. Scott Belsky  Yes. Thank you. Sterling Auty  Really appreciate it. Scott Belsky  Yes, pleasure.