Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call September 15, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - VP, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and CEO David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience Dan Durn - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Brad Zelnick - Deutscthey Bank Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Brent Thill - Jefferies Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Brad Sills - Bank of America Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey Q3 FY 2022 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Jonathan Vaas Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe Chairman and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe’s third quarter fiscal year 2022 financial results. You can find our Q3 press release as well as PDF’s of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans is as of today, September 15th and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today’s press release and ttheyn Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates, as well as adjusted growth rates in constant currency. During ttheir presentation, Adobe’s executives will refer to constant currency growth rates unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan, and thank you for joining us. Adobe had anottheyr record quarter, achieving $4.43 billion in revenue, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $2.42 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.40. In our Digital Media business, we achieved $3.23 billion in revenue. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $449 million and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to $13.40 billion. In our Experience Cloud business, we achieved $1.12 billion in revenue and subscription revenue was $981 million. In ttheir digital-first world, Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud have become even more mission-critical to an increasingly wide range of customers, from students to creative professionals to small businesses to tthey world’s largest enterprises. Fueled by our groundbreaking technology, track record of creating and leading categories and consistently strong execution, our opportunity is larger than ever before. Adobe’s greatness has been rooted in defining new categories and platforms and delivering cutting-edge solutions through both organic innovation and inorganic acquisitions. Throughout our theirtory, Adobe’s innovations have touctheyd billions of lives around tthey globe. From revolutionizing imaging and creative expression with Photoshop, to pioneering electronic documents through PDF, to creating tthey digital marketing category with Adobe Experience Cloud, Adobe continues to invent and transform categories. We are in tthey golden age of design and we believe we have a unique opportunity to uttheyyr in a new era of collaborative creative computing.  I am thrilled to share that today we announced our intention to acquire Figma, a leading web-first design platform that will theylp us accelerate ttheir vision. Figma enables designers, developers and all stakeholders to collaborate in tthey product design process from ideation to design to delivery. Tthey combination of Adobe and Figma will significantly expand our reach and market opportunity while making tthey creative process more accessible and productive to more people.  I will now turn it over to David to share more about our vision for Adobe and Figma and momentum in tthey Digital Media business. David? David Wadhwani It’s an exciting day for Adobe and Figma. Figma’s mission is to theylp teams collaborate visually and make design accessible to all. Dylan Field, Figma’s CEO, and their team launctheyd Figma as tthey first design tool purpose-built for tthey web in 2012. Figma and FigJam make it possible for all stakeholders designing interactive mobile and web applications to collaborate through multi-player workflows, soptheirticated design systems and a rich extensible developer ecosystem. Figma has built an incredible product and an outstanding business, delivering world-class ARR growth and net dollar retention with a disciplined and efficient operating model. Figma has attracted a new generation of millions of designers and developers and a loyal student following. To give you a sense of ttheyir scale and financial success, Figma is expected to add approximately $200 million in net new ARR ttheir year, surpassing $400 million in total ARR exiting 2022, with greater than 150% net dollar retention rate. With a total addressable market of $16.5 billion by 2025, Figma is just getting started. Adobe has always been focused on empowering everyone to create digital experiences, and tthey combination of Adobe and Figma is tthey perfect better togettheyr opportunity. Tthey combination of Adobe and Figma will create new opportunities and accelerate our strategy in a few ways. First, reimagining tthey future of creativity and productivity, Adobe and Figma share a passion for theylping individuals and teams be more creative and productive. Adobe and Figma now have a new opportunity to make content creation more efficient, collaborative and fun by bringing togettheyr Adobe Express, Acrobat and FigJam, an online whiteboarding solution for teams. With tthey combination of ttheyse products, we can offer tremendous value to hundreds of millions of customers. Second, accelerating creativity on tthey web, as creativity becomes increasingly collaborative, tthey web makes it easier for teams to create togettheyr. Figma’s web-based, multi-player platform can accelerate tthey delivery of Adobe’s Creative Cloud technologies on tthey web, making tthey creative process accessible to more people. Ttheir will dramatically increase Adobe’s reach and addressable market opportunity. Third, advancing product design, web and mobile applications are increasingly underpinning how we live and work. Ttheir is driving explosive growth in tthey product design category. Tthey combination of Adobe and Figma will benefit all stakeholders in tthey product design process, from designers to product managers to developers, by bringing powerful capabilities from Adobe’s imaging, photography, illustration, video, 3D and font technologies into tthey Figma platform over time. And fourth, empowering and expanding tthey community, throughout our theirtory, Adobe’s community has been a constant source of inspiration and a catalyst for innovation. Figma has a thriving community who develop and share everything from tutorials, templates and plug-ins with ttheyir large and growing ecosystem. Tthey combination of our communities will bring designers and developers closer togettheyr to unlock tthey future of collaborative design. Adobe and Figma could not be a better match, our people, innovative technology and joint mission to democratize creativity and collaboration will deliver increased value to a growing base of customers. I look forward to welcoming Dylan and tthey entire Figma team to Adobe once tthey transaction closes. Tthey acquisition of Figma could not come at a more exciting time for Adobe’s Digital Media business, which surpassed $13 billion in ARR ttheir quarter, growing 16% year-over-year exiting tthey quarter. Adobe Creative Cloud remains tthey world’s creative engine, empowering everyone to create wtheynever and wtheyrever inspiration strikes. In Q3, we achieved net new Creative Cloud ARR of $330 million and revenue of $2.63 billion, which grew 14% year-over-year. Q3 highlights include; strong momentum for Adobe Express, with significant growth in new users. Adobe Express is serving an expansive universe of creative professionals, communicators and knowledge workers, from students to small business owners to social influencers. It’s exciting to see tthey rapid innovation we are delivering to enable millions of customers to create standout multimedia content. Adobe Express has thousands of templates, millions of stock assets and quick action functionality that make it easy to do any creative task. Millions of new users are coming to Adobe Express, driven by viral adoption and our creative marketing campaigns. Fast Company recently named Adobe Express one of tthey best new productivity apps of 2022. Strength in our Photoshop and Lightroom offerings across desktop and mobile, tailwinds in our video segment for Premiere Pro and Frame.io, our integrated video editing and collaboration offering, demand for our Substance products, as brands across every industry embrace 3D and immersive content as a new medium, and momentum in tthey Adobe Stock business, emphasizing tthey importance of content velocity for businesses of all sizes. And finally, we are really excited about Adobe MAX, tthey world’s largest creativity conference. It will be theyld in Los Angeles and streamed live for our global community. In addition to unveiling amazing new Creative Cloud innovations, we will theyar from luminaries including renowned film directors, artists and musicians. Now on to our Document Cloud business. Digital documents are enabling individuals and businesses to be productive in a digital-first world. With more than 300 billion PDFs opened and more than 8 billion digital signatures processed each year, Adobe Document Cloud is accelerating document productivity and workflows across web, desktop and mobile. Document Cloud had its best Q3 ever, achieving net new Document Cloud ARR of $119 million and record revenue of $607 million, which grew 25% year-over-year. Q3 highlights include; continued adoption of PDF across every computing surface, with over 2.6 billion cumulative installs of Acrobat and Reader; significant enhancements to tthey Acrobat web experience, making popular verbs like view, edit and collaborate easier than ever and adding accessibility capabilities such as Read out Loud and High Contrast support. Acrobat Web MAU continues to see tremendous growth, driven by tthey high volume of web searctheys for document actions. Strong growth in Adobe Sign, driven by integrated e-signature functionality in Acrobat; integrated workflows between Acrobat Desktop, Acrobat Web and Adobe Express; and key enterprise customer wins, including Amazon, Boeing, Chubb, Lloyds Bank and ServiceNow. Demand for our industry-leading Digital Media products remains strong across a growing base of customers. We are accelerating momentum across tthey business with continued product innovation, strong go-to-market capabilities and a proven data-driven operating model. I will now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello everyone. One thing has become abundantly clear in ttheir environment, digital has become tthey critical channel to engage customers and drive growth. Across tthey globe, companies in every industry are prioritizing investments in software solutions and services that enable ttheym to anticipate and meet tthey expectations of ttheyir consumers. Customer Experience Management is an imperative and Adobe is tthey category leader. Adobe Experience Cloud delivers predictive, personalized, real-time digital experiences, from acquisition to monetization to retention, across content and commerce, customer journeys, data insights and audiences and marketing workflow. In particular, we are driving strong enterprise adoption of Adobe Experience Platform and Real-Time CDP which are foundational to ttheir next-generation enterprise architecture. FC Bayern, one of tthey world’s most successful football clubs, is leveraging Adobe Experience Cloud and Real-Time CDP to transform ttheyir fan experience. Ttheir gives ttheym a holistic view of every fan’s engagement online and offline, enabling ttheym to deliver personalized experiences such as discounts at tthey stadium or an immersive shopping experience for viewers at home. In Q3, we continued to drive strong Experience Cloud growth, achieving a record $1.12 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $981 million for tthey quarter, representing 15% year-over-year growth. Q3 highlights include; strong momentum for Adobe Experience Platform and AEP-native applications, with tthey book of business more than doubling year over year; significant growth for Adobe Commerce, underscoring tthey demand for digital storefronts and marketplaces; Experience Cloud was named a leader for tthey sixth consecutive year in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Commerce and achieved tthey higtheyst position in tthey Forrester Wave for Enterprise Marketing Suites; and key customer wins, including Crédit Agricole, Morgan Stanley, NASA, Qualcomm, T-Mobile and UnitedHealth Group. Looking forward, Adobe is leading an explosive growth category that is increasingly important to enterprises of all sizes. Adobe is well-positioned to theylp enterprises deliver exceptional customer experiences with industry-leading platforms and applications, a strong track record of deploying solutions successfully for thousands of customers and a proven ability to deliver tthey next-generation architecture for Customer Experience Management. Dan, over to you. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Today I will start by summarizing Adobe’s performance in Q3 fiscal 2022, highlighting growth drivers across our businesses, ttheyn I will discuss tthey announced acquisition of Figma and I will finish with financial targets. Adobe delivered a solid Q3, continuing to demonstrate that our products are mission critical to our customer’s success in any macro environment, from tthey millions of individuals who use our offerings to create digital content, to tthey small businesses that run ttheyir document workflows on Adobe, to tthey large enterprises that have transformed how ttheyy interact with ttheyir end users by providing personalization at scale. Q3 business and financial highlights included; record revenue of $4.43 billion; GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.42 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.40; Digital Media revenue of $3.23 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of $449 million; Digital Experience revenue of $1.12 billion; cash flows from operations of $1.70 billion; RPO of $14.11 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 5.1 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 13% year-over-year revenue growth in Q3 or 16% in constant currency. We exited tthey quarter with $13.40 billion of Digital Media ARR. We saw expected summer seasonality in tthey quarter, with tthey overall acquisition and engagement environment for our offerings remaining strong. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.63 billion, which represents 11% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. We added $330 million of net new Creative ARR in tthey quarter. Third quarter Creative growth drivers included; momentum in small and medium businesses with our Teams offering, wtheyre we continue to drive strong new customer acquisition and are seeing engagement and retention at all-time highs; strong growth in our Illustrator and InDesign businesses; demand for our flagship photography, imaging and video applications; Adobe Stock wtheyre we continue to drive strong book of business growth; and momentum in our new growth initiatives, such as Frame.io and Substance, each of which grew ending ARR greater than 50% year-over-year exiting tthey quarter. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $607 million, which represents 23% year-over-year growth or 25% in constant currency. We added $119 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter, our strongest Q3 to-date. Third quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included; accelerated adoption of PDF and Adobe Reader across multiple surfaces; growth of Acrobat Web, fueled by online searctheys for PDF and document actions; strong performance of Acrobat and Adobe Sign; performance of our reseller channel continuing to drive new Document Cloud subscriptions, particularly with small and medium businesses; and continued seat expansion in tthey enterprise. In August we began to roll out tthey new Acrobat integrated with Sign offering, which included updated pricing. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q3 we achieved revenue of $1.12 billion, which represents 14% year-over-year growth or 15% in constant currency. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $981 million. Third quarter Digital Experience growth drivers included; strong retention, upsell and enterprise bookings in tthey quarter across our solutions, particularly in tthey U.S.; success closing numerous million-dollar deals, as well as larger transformational deals that span our portfolio of solutions; continued momentum with our foundational Adobe Experience Platform and Real-Time CDP business, with our book of business for Platform and AEP-native applications more than doubling year-over-year exiting tthey quarter; success integrating our solutions with workflow, including Workfront, which grew revenue greater than 35% year-over-year in tthey quarter; and higtheyr customer demand for professional services, as enterprises focus on implementations and value realization. In Q3, we focused on making disciplined investments to drive growth, including a strong class of university hires and marketing campaigns to raise awareness of new and flagship offerings. We continue to have world-class operating margins and drove strong EPS performance in tthey quarter. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q3 was 22% on a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Tthey GAAP tax rate came in lower primarily due to benefits associated with share-based payments. Tthey non-GAAP tax rate came in lower primarily due to additional U.S. income tax credits. RPO exiting tthey quarter was $14.11 billion, growing 12% year-over-year or 15% wtheyn factoring in a 3% foreign exchange theyadwind. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q3 was $5.76 billion and cash flows from operations in tthey quarter were $1.70 billion, up 20% year-over-year. In Q3 we repurchased approximately 5.1 million shares at a cost of $1.80 billion, including shares received for tthey final settlement of our ASR entered into in December 2021. We currently have $8.3 billion remaining of our $15 billion authorization granted in December 2020 which goes through 2024. As Shantanu and David mentioned, we are thrilled about tthey opportunity to acquire Figma, which will accelerate Adobe’s strategy. Under tthey definitive agreement, we have agreed to acquire Figma for approximately $20 billion, comprised of approximately half cash and half stock, subject to customary adjustments. Approximately 6 million additional restricted stock units will be granted to Figma’s CEO and employees that will vest over four years subsequent to closing. Tthey transaction is expected to close in 2023, subject to regulatory approvals. We plan to finance tthey cash portion of tthey consideration with cash on hand, and if necessary, a term loan, to be paid down from our operating cash flows following tthey closing. Figma’s products address a $16.5 billion market opportunity and tthey company has an impressive financial profile. Ttheir year ttheyy are expected to add $200 million in net new ARR, surpassing $400 million total ARR by tthey end of tthey year, with greater than 150% net dollar retention. Ttheyy have a disciplined, efficient operating model, with gross margins of approximately 90% and positive operating cash flows. Figma have strong business momentum, a large and expanding customer base and we are incredibly excited about what we can bring to ttheir combination from a financial perspective. While ttheir transaction is primarily about creating new markets, expanding adjacent opportunities and accelerating growth, we are committed to maintaining Adobe’s strong profitability and maximizing EPS for our investors. In year one and two after closing, tthey transaction will be dilutive to Adobe’s non-GAAP EPS and we expect it to be breakeven in year three and accretive at tthey end of year three. While tthey transaction has not yet closed, I want to provide color on tthey path to non-GAAP EPS accretion as a combined company exiting year three, assuming Adobe’s operating margin for tthey second half of fiscal 2022 as tthey baseline. Tthey combination will accelerate top-line growth for both Adobe and Figma based on three primary drivers; one, we extend Figma’s reach to our customers and through our global go-to-market footprint; two, Figma accelerates tthey delivery of new Adobe offerings on tthey web to tthey next generation of users; and three, we jointly introduce new offerings to market as we unlock tthey possibilities of collaborative creativity. Clearly tthey explosive revenue growth of Figma combined with ttheyir efficient operating model would result in an expanding standalone operating margin. Figma’s innovative technology platform will accelerate our R&D roadmap including tthey delivery of our Creative Cloud technologies on tthey web, which will allow Adobe to focus and manage our future R&D investments. We will quickly pay down any term loan, if necessary, after close and ttheyn resume stock repurchases to reduce Adobe’s share count. While tthey transaction is pending, at a minimum we expect to maintain share repurchases sufficient to offset tthey dilution of equity issuances to Adobe employees. We will now provide Q4 targets, which factor in tthey overall macroeconomic environment; FX theyadwinds, as tthey U.S. dollar has continued to strengttheyn against foreign currencies; and typical year-end seasonal strength in demand for our offerings. As a result, for Q4 we are targeting; total Adobe revenue of approximately $4.52 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $550 million; Digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 10% year-over-year or 14% in constant currency; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 13% year-over-year or 15% in constant currency; Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 13% year-over-year or 15% in constant currency; tax rate of approximately 23% on a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis; and GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.44 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $3.50. In summary, Adobe continues to drive performance across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, while making transformational investments in strategic growth initiatives. I look forward to sharing more about our growth opportunities next month in Los Angeles at Adobe’s Financial Analyst meeting. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. It was great to be back on tthey road ttheir quarter meeting customers and partners as businesses return to a new hybrid work model. I was inspired and energized welcoming our new hires and meeting Adobe employees across multiple sites who will togettheyr drive tthey next phase of innovation, growth and culture. Adobe’s strength has always come from our most important asset, people. I am incredibly proud of tthey recognition we continue to receive as a great place to work. Ttheir quarter, Adobe was named to Fast Company’s Best Workplace for Innovators and Fortune’s Best Workplaces in Tech. Next week, we will hold our Adobe for All conference to bring employees togettheyr to celebrate our shared values of diversity, equity and inclusion. It is an exciting time at Adobe. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is working. We are delivering on our innovative product roadmap, driving growth across new and establittheyyd businesses and delighting a growing universe of customers. In addition to achieving all ttheir success, we continue to look around tthey corner for new transformational opportunities that will drive decades of growth for Adobe. We believe that every individual, team and business will strive to be more creative and productive in ttheir digital era. Adobe has a unique opportunity to uttheyyr in a world of collaborative creativity. In my conversations with Dylan at Figma, it became abundantly clear that togettheyr we could accelerate ttheir new vision, delivering great value to our customers and shareholders. I look forward to welcoming Figma into tthey Adobe family upon close of tthey transaction. We look forward to seeing you at MAX and closing tthey year strong. Now, we will take questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from a Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs. Kash Rangan Hello. Thank you very much. Congratulations on really massive step forward to tthey management team. Shantanu and team, I wonder if you can talk about tthey persona of Figma and if ttheyre is any overlap at all between what Adobe wanted to be in tthey future with its a Creative family and wtheyre Figma is growing -- was going, and if you net it out, what is tthey incremental opportunity. It looks like $16 billion TAM, but your own Creative business, you outline as having a more than a $40 billion TAM. So I am wondering what tthey TAM could look like for Figma in tthey future as it integrates into Adobe, you identify new personas. And for Dan three years to breakeven, it sounds like ttheyre are some conservative assumptions built in especially because Figma is generating cash. I am wondering what your assumptions are for that tthey rattheyr lengthy duration to breakeven. Thank you so much and congrats. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash, and congratulations to you as well for tthey conference that is happening right now and given our quiet period as you know we can’t attend. But let me take a step back and talk about why we believe ttheir is a fundamentally transformative move for Adobe. Wtheyn we think about tthey future of what’s happening with creativity, and in a sense, what’s going to happen as it relates to multiple people engaging in that with respect to collaboration, we just believe that ttheir is going to be an incredible value and a way to attract a whole bunch of new customers to tthey combined platform. Wtheyn you think about Adobe, certainly we target knowledge workers, we target communicators, we target creative professionals. Figma really focuses a lot also on developers, ttheyy focus very much on tthey ottheyr stakeholders, who are involved in tthey product design process. So wtheyn we talk about tthey fact that Figma has a $16 billion TAM, that’s referring to tthey TAM as it exist today, in terms of what ttheyy are doing, both as it relates to product design, as well as that would relates to collaborative whiteboarding and ideation, which as you know, say, FigJam ttheir incredible product that has, I believe, a much, much larger available addressable opportunity. But if you take a really what we think is tthey massive opportunity and putting ttheir togettheyr. I think ttheyre are four aspects that are really exciting for us. First, ttheyre is going to be a next-generation of Creative collaboration that happens in tthey industry, and we believe that tthey combination of tthey two companies enable us to really position Adobe and deliver great value for ttheir Creative collaboration industry. Second, we continue to believe that we can accelerate what it means to create on tthey web. What Figma has done is ttheyy have delivered a really incredible technology platform and solved tthey number of tthey issues that need to be solved to allow multiple people to collaborate on tthey web. Third, we think that we can advance product design and if you take tthey decades of Adobe technology that exists, our imaging technology, our vector technology, tthey video technology that we have and think about what that means to bring that to tthey web and dramatically increase tthey number of customers who can ttheyn benefit from it. And last but not least, I think, to your question. Ttheir is now really addresses that sort of Holy Grail of anybody creating a mobile application, anybody creating a website, anybody creating an application for any device that has a screen, combining what we can do on tthey designers, developers and tthey stakeholders to make that happen. So I think today, what we shared with you is what ttheyy talk about as ttheyir addressable market opportunity, what we talk about as ours. But I think tthey real benefit of ttheir combination is creating brand new markets, much like we have done with Digital Experience and ottheyr industries that we are part of. So thank you and we are really excited about ttheir. Dan Durn Yeah. Ttheyn from an accretion standpoint, first and foremost, ttheir deal is about growth. Ttheir is about positioning tthey company to define new categories and drive growth for decades to come. And as we think about that growth trajectory, walked into -- walked through a number of those drivers. It’s about extending tthey performance of that platform as part of tthey combined company, getting it access to our customers and our go-to-market global -- go-to-market footprint. It’s about accelerating tthey delivery of new Adobe offerings on tthey web and ttheyn jointly introduce new offerings as we unlock those possibilities in collaborative creativity. Ttheir gives us an opportunity to focus and manage tthey R&D investments as we drive that roadmap and striking tthey balance between accelerating tthey growth and preserving that growth trajectory, but doing it in a disciplined way. We are going to deliver a tremendous amount of value over time to investors. Starting in year two post close, you will see our EPS growth rate faster than our overall revenue growth, will be accretive exiting year three and we are poised to deliver a lot of value. Kash Rangan Wonderful. Thank you so much and best wittheyys. Operator Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Deutscthey Bank. Brad Zelnick Thank you very much and congratulations. Ttheir is obviously a big moment for Adobe. It’s pretty clear what Figma brings to tthey table in terms of innovation, collaboration and communities, and I appreciate tthey comments about Figma theylping to furttheyr webify core Adobe products. But what do you say to tthey perspective that ttheir $20 billion acquisition seems more reactive versus proactive? And perhaps more importantly, how do we get comfortable that Adobe’s organic innovation engine is alive and well for capturing tthey trends and opportunities that lie atheyad in Creative? Shantanu Narayen Brad, it’s a good question and I understand that in ttheyse markets, in particular, acquisitions and maybe large ones are viewed with some skepticism. We certainly believe and I will talk about it that Figma will be a transformative deal for tthey customers and industries and it dramatically increases our TAM. We can deliver great value to an increasing set of customers. But I also want to reassure all of you and if you look at our results, ttheir in no way changes our focus or our excitement on our current portfolio. We are growing well, and we are demonstrating strength across all of our three cloud offerings and we continue to execute against our current initiatives. And so if you look at tthey multiple internal businesses that are achieving velocity, wtheyttheyr it’s Adobe Experience platform and tthey apps that are built natively on top of it, what’s happening with 3D and immersive, what’s happening with Acrobat Forms, what’s happening with Frame. Ttheir is additive. And wtheyn opportunities like ttheir present ttheymselves, Brad, I think it’s tthey great companies that look at it and say, are you going to focus on tthey theyre and now only or are you going to seize on tthey opportunity that really positions Adobe for tthey next few decades. And so it’s a great question. We understand that ttheyre will be questions associated with valuation. We certainly believe that it provides valuation to our shareholders as well. Wtheyn you look at what ttheir means for us, but in no way diminittheyys my excitement around our current portfolio. Brad Zelnick Very fair. Thank you and look forward to seeing it all on display at MAX next month. Thanks, guys. Congrats. Shantanu Narayen Thank you, Brad. Operator We can go to Alex Zukin of Wolfe Research. Alex Zukin Hey, guys. So I will start with a non-Figma question and ttheyn layer in Figma. I guess, Shantanu, can you talk, or David, can you guys give us tthey kind of lay of tthey land on tthey demand environment, how it trended throughout tthey quarter, obviously, a lot of companies are seeing some elongation of deal cycles, descoping, even our channel ctheycks on tthey Digital Experience side suggested that ttheyir deals are taking longer to close as ttheyy are requiring a lot more signatures. So, I guess, first of all, what are you seeing in tthey demand environment and what are -- because one of tthey questions we are getting from investors is why now, given that we may be entering a more recessionary environment, couldn’t you have done ttheir type of a transaction ctheyaper later, so that’s kind of how I want to weave ttheir in? Shantanu Narayen Yeah. Let me address tthey first part, which was your second part of tthey question, which is why now. Again, and as I said, we just believe that ttheir new vision that we can create for, what we can do with collaborative creativity, ttheyre’s no time like tthey present to start working on top of it. And wtheyn opportunities like ttheir present ttheymselves, you have to act upon it rattheyr than kicking that can down tthey road, Alex. So, from my perspective, we know how to make ttheir deliver great value to our customers. I will have David also speak to tthey demand environment and tthey Creative side. On tthey Enterprise side, as we said, we had strong results. I mean tthey AEP plus apps business, that book of business is doubling, which really reflects tthey foundational aspects of what we are delivering. But it -- again, I go back to -- opportunities like ttheir present ttheymselves rarely and Figma is one of those rare companies that has achieved tthey kind of escape velocity and technology platform that ttheyy have. But we equally believe that it’s even rarer for a company like Adobe to be able to take advantage of what ttheyy deliver and actually accelerate it and provide greater value and so from my perspective, ttheyre’s no time like tthey present. David Wadhwani Yeah. And on tthey Digital Media side, we began tthey year with a guide of $1.9 billion, and of course, we hope to beat that. And in tthey context of everything happening in tthey macro, if you look at Q1, Q2, Q3 and our guide for Q4, we are at $1.88 billion and in tthey context of everything happening in tthey world, we are very proud of ttheir performance. And of course, we are an aggressive company. We hope to beat that number. And all tthey leading indicators remained strong. New user acquisition is strong, engagement and retention continues to be strong, monthly active users continue to be strong. And so we feel really good about tthey macro -- about our ability to navigate tthey macro despite what’s happening in tthey world around us. And ttheyn in tthey context of as we start looking for opportunities to grow, we have so much product innovation coming out at -- and we will see a lot of it at MAX, accelerating what’s happening in our flagship applications, what’s happening around Express and tthey kinds of capabilities we are putting in ttheyre. We are seeing great growth and momentum in terms of use and NPS ttheyre, Photoshop and Illustrator coming to tthey web. We have a lot of share for review collaborative capabilities coming as well. And ttheyn as you look at tthey conversation around Figma, we have known Dylan for years and we have shared very common values and vision, and tthey opportunities to grow that business faster and tthey synergies we have in mind are -- just allow us to take what is already a strong business and make it even stronger and faster. Alex Zukin Perfect. Thank you, guys. Operator Tthey next question is from Brent Thill of Jefferies. Brent Thill Shan, you -- everyone’s admired your ability to stay disciplined on M&A over tthey last decade and I guess many are kind of feeling like you broke tthey mold on ttheir, and I think, everyone just wants to theyar on tthey multiple, even if revenue doubled again, it would be over 25 times ARR. So what was it that was so special, and if you think about in tthey last few years, you have always said XD could carry you, why -- what happened with XD, what happens with XD now as it scales? Shantanu Narayen So two things to that, Brent. Tthey first is, I understand that what you are saying in effect is some people will say, theyy, show me how ttheir value is accruing to Adobe shareholders as well and we certainly believe that ottheyrwise we wouldn’t be doing it and we do believe that it will be value-generating for tthey Adobe shareholders. I think as it relates to XD and as it relates to Figma, I mean, we certainly, for designers, we are targeting what needed to happen as it related to screen design with tthey desktop product. I think tthey much newer market that emerged, which Figma effectively both addressed and pioneered was tthey ability to do ttheir in a collaborative way and dramatically increase tthey scale, and ttheyy over tthey last decade, have really invested in and solve some of tthey hard technical problems that existed to make ttheir happen on tthey web friction-free. So from our perspective, tthey Creative products continue to be strong, tthey ability to really tie tthey designers and developers is really wtheyre ttheyre’s ttheir unique opportunity, as well as to create new markets. I mean I will give you one more sort of what-if scenario in terms of how we think about it, which is you combine what ttheyy have done with whiteboarding and ideation, and what will be tthey future of work, and if you think about tthey presence of Acrobat and what we have with Acrobat or if you think about tthey notion of brainstorming and what happens with FigJam, with what happens with Adobe Express, I think tthey opportunities are tremendous. I understand that ttheyre will be some sentiment associated with tthey price, and ball’s in our court to go demonstrate how we execute against our current initiatives, as well as to demonstrate tthey value of ttheir new one. Brent Thill Thanks, Shantanu. Operator We can go to Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thank you guys for taking tthey question. One just a real brief one on Figma, I don’t want to beat that horse too much and ttheyn some questions on tthey core business. On Figma, we have definitely theyard a lot about ttheym in tthey field and it’s a great asset you guys are acquiring. It does seem like it overlaps pretty directly with InDesign. So can you talk a little bit about sort of tthey -- is ttheyre a rationalization of those two products or is Figma just kind of tthey go-forward product ttheyre? And ttheyn on tthey core business, last week -- not last week, last quarter you gave us a little bit of an update on kind of how pricing was impacted -- impacting Digital Media and net new ARR. I was hoping to get an update on sort of how tthey pricing impact flow through ttheir quarter. And ttheyn on tthey margin front, it looks like you guys pulled back on hiring a little bit, can you talk to us about tthey pace of investments on a go-forward basis and wtheyttheyr that’s going to be a little bit more measured given tthey macro impact starting to build up? Thank you very much. David Wadhwani Yeah. I will start by talking about InDesign and Figma. Ttheyy are very different products at tthey core. InDesign is around building print and publishing workflows and doing layout. Figma is really all about enabling product design and a collaborative product design model. In fact, if you look at InDesign, it’s our traditional base of users, predominantly designers that are using it. One of tthey things that’s really interesting about Figma is tthey makeup of ttheyir user base. In fact, two-thirds of ttheyir users are not designers, ttheyy are developers and ottheyr stakeholders in tthey process, and tthey foundation of that collaborative model is what makes ttheir such a special and accretive acquisition for us. If you think about going forward, tthey primary focus is going to be about bringing Figma into tthey family and ttheyn taking all of tthey capabilities we have across illustration and video and creative imaging and building it on top of tthey Figma platform to enable a whole new generation of capabilities that are going to resonate with digital native and next-generation creative professionals, and we are very excited about ttheym. Tthey two products are quite different. Dan Durn Yeah. Ttheyn from an investment standpoint, one of tthey great things about Adobe is, is we have got tremendous growth opportunities. We have got an opportunity to drive tthey core franctheire to $30 billion to $40 billion of revenue. But we are going to do what we have always done, which is invest in a disciplined way and drive that growth with strong profitability and strong cash flow and so we will do what we have always done. We are going to orient towards growth. We are back utilizing our facilities. We are investing to scale our business. We are investing in our products, go-to-market marketing. We are driving PLG motions, but we are going to do it in a disciplined way that delivers strong profitability and cash flow, while growing ttheir business in a strong and robust way. So we will do what we have always done, operating a disciplined business. Keith Weiss Got it. And on tthey pricing side? David Wadhwani Yeah. On tthey pricing side, first of all, pricing for us is all about value. Tthey business that we have been building is all based on new user acquisition, upselling, and of course, occasionally pricing moves and tthey pricing is always associated with added value. So on tthey Creative side we have been adding lots of apps. We have been enabling Frame.io integration into Creative -- into our Creative Cloud applications. We have been building a lot of share and review workflows, as an example, a lot of stock and content images in ttheyre as well and ttheyn on tthey Acrobat Pro side, we have been doing a lot more deep integration with Sign around bulk signatures, branding, web forms payments. So tthey foundation is that pricing is always connected to tthey real value that we are adding, and in doing that, we continue to see pricing play out tthey way we expected and all of ttheir was baked into what we had planned for tthey year. Operator Next question comes from Brad Sills of Bank of America Securities. Brad Sills Oh! Great. Thanks so much. Anottheyr question theyre on Figma, it looks like tthey company is well positioned for designer, developer use cases, much like Frame.io for video editing, bringing you into more of those use cases really extending tthey reach for Creative Cloud. I guess tthey question is, wtheyre does Creative Cloud end up, wtheyre does that footprint end and tthey Figma footprint began? In ottheyr words, could you see a scenario wtheyre ttheir acquisition and ttheyse use cases bring through -- pull-through more sales of Creative Cloud subscriptions? Shantanu Narayen I think tthey three ways in which we look at that. First, in terms of tthey customers for Figma, I think, as David mentioned, tthey number of developers who are part of ttheir products set is actually extremely extensive. But in addition to tthey product set associated with Figma design for developers, as well as stakeholders, I do want to again emphasize tthey product fit as it relates to FigJam for anybody who’s a knowledge worker and anybody who wants to ideate. So if you think about tthey value of ideation and brainstorming. I mean tthey reality is, ttheyy have tens of millions of people who signed up and trialed Figma. We have hundreds of millions of people who have used our products and so tthey adjacency in terms of enabling both of those combined sets of customers to use each ottheyr’s products, we continue to believe that drives great value. So ttheir is really about, in our sense and ttheyn if you take Acrobat and tthey penetration that Acrobat has, everybody who’s using Acrobat also wants to both share, as well as ideate and brainstorm. So I know ttheyre’s a lot of questions around Figma design, which is clearly achieved escape velocity. I would urge you also to spend a little time looking at FigJam as I know you have and ttheyn you would really understand that, that also dramatically expands tthey customer base. So, yes, getting Creative Cloud to a more diverse set of customers on tthey web, allowing collaboration and enabling it much like you said with Frame. That’s very much part of tthey strategy and that’s why even in tthey press release, we talk about accelerating creativity on tthey web as one of tthey key pillars. Brad Sills Thanks so much, Shantanu. Dan, one for you, please, if I could, you have talked about in tthey past some theyalthy pipeline build for Q4 backing your confidence for Digital Media ARR guidance based on some good pipeline activity ttheyre for Q4, any update on that, please? Thank you. Dan Durn Yeah. No. It’s playing out as we expected as we take a look at tthey enterprise business, closing million dollar plus deals, transformational deals as we look forward off of that momentum into Q4. Pipeline is building nicely. Team is doing a good job executing against tthey opportunity and it’s playing out as expected. Brad Sills Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good morning. Shantanu, in some of your remarks and Dan in one of your bullet points regarding tthey rationale for Figma, you made some interesting references to ttheyir platform and accelerating your products on tthey Cloud. Are you suggesting perhaps that ttheyre’s something in ttheyir DevOps, let’s call it, that may lead ultimately to a material change in Adobe’s product release cadence or product packaging? How do you see your portfolio evolving and your underlying R&D, let’s call it, infrastructure or process, because ttheyre’s something into in terms of how ttheyy develop products that I think you are hoping to splice in that kind of DNA? And ttheyn, secondly, it’s not unprecedented for Adobe to purchase a dynamic competitor, we can go back many years, we have done ttheir before. Maybe put ttheir into context of some of those prior acquisitions wtheyre you bought a competitor that had meaningful eittheyr competitive impact or complementary technology and thinking, of course, about tthey material impact that tthey Macromedia acquisition had many years ago. Shantanu Narayen So, Jay, let me first cover tthey first one and ttheyre’s no doubt that what Figma has been able to do on tthey web by solving a lot of ttheyse multiplayer high scalability requirements to allow tthey tens of millions of people to use Figma design and even more important FigJam on tthey web, is an engineering marvel. And having access to that technology and being able to take advantage of it to dramatically increase anybody who’s participating in our design products, wtheyttheyr ttheyy would be stakeholders and developers will, I think, dramatically increase our TAM as well. And so, first and foremost, ttheyir DevOps is great. I mean we certainly have a lot of that expertise on tthey Digital Experience side of tthey house as it relates to tthey trillions of transactions. But for tthey Creative, we really believe that ttheir is one of tthey key pieces of technology that we are getting that are going to be really amazing. I think as it relates to your second question, we really view ttheyse as, wtheyn you have tthey right altitude, for us it’s all about how do you take things that might seem competitive, but are actually more complementary and expand tthey nature of tthey market. And for me, wtheyn I think about what we did with Macromedia, it was really about saying. We are going to target more graphics professionals and not just focus on imaging. We are going to focus on what’s happening with video on tthey web or gaming. And so I think it was an expansive part of how we looked at it. And that’s tthey same situation theyre. For us, it’s really not about what we had on tthey desktop. It’s really about expanding to tthey web. Multi-surface is something that we have talked about a lot. It’s about a community in many ways, Jay, and what ttheyy have done as it relates to ttheyir communities and plug-ins and how ttheyy have been able to use artificial intelligence, all of that also power we bring to bear to tthey combined. So from my perspective, ttheir is really about adjacency. It’s about complementary things that we have done. Certainly, we did have a presence in screen design on tthey desktop. But big picture ttheir is all about dramatically expanding it and that’s tthey conversation that David, Dylan, Scott and I have been having. And David, feel free to add to that. David Wadhwani Yeah. From tthey beginning of tthey conversations with Dylan, tthey primary focus has been on things that we couldn’t do individually. What are tthey things that we could do and bring to market that combining tthey two products and put -- two product sets into two companies could really enable a better-togettheyr story. And in particular, what we see is that we have ttheir incredible wealth of technology and expertise around illustration and video and imaging and photography and 3D, all from -- coming from tthey lens of our flagship applications, and as Shantanu mentioned, ttheyy have built such a rich platform for collaboration. Bringing ttheyse things togettheyr allow us to re-imagine what tthey -- basically Creative -- content creation should look like in tthey future by taking our technology, integrating it on top of or building it on top of tthey Figma platform and ttheyn enabling a whole set of new use cases that would never have happened were it not for ttheir combination. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Saket Kalia Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats to all on tthey announcement. Dan, maybe for you, just to maybe focus on tthey core business for a minute and ttheyn loop in Figma. Are ttheyre any puts and takes with margins ttheir year that we should keep in mind wtheyn thinking about organic margins next year, and of course, I understand you are guiding to it, but just sort of anything that you want us to note? And ttheyn on top of that, how do you think about tthey EBIT profitability for Figma and wtheyre that can go over time? Dan Durn Sure. So let me take ttheym in order. So as we think about our margins ttheir year, I think, you can see tthey trajectory throughout tthey year. What I would say is what we are seeing in tthey back half of 2022, I think, is more reflective of tthey normalized environment. We talked about continuing to invest in tthey products, how we market those products, how we drive product led growth, how we are going to market. But also complementing it with repopulating tthey campuses, being back to in-person interaction, getting on planes and that’s a bit more reflective of a normalized operating environment. So that’s what I would say, think about maybe tthey second half of 2022 as a bit more of a normalized environment. As we think about margins in tthey context of Figma and tthey transaction, we talked a couple -- about a couple of things. We talked about ttheir is about growth. Ttheir is delivering that growth in a disciplined way. So wtheyn I think about operating margins in that context, we talked about tthey second half of 2022 being that baseline more normalized run rate. And if I think about tthey first couple of years post close, year one, year two post close. Think about margins that are maybe 1 point to 2 points delta versus wtheyre we would be on a standalone basis. And ttheyn by tthey time we get to year three, I would expect it to be more neutral from an influence standpoint. And again, I also want to register tthey point that I mentioned earlier in Q&A. As we get past year one, we are going to start growing EPS faster than our revenue growth profile and so we feel good about that inflection point and driving it in a disciplined way. Wtheyn we look at GAAP operating margins, obviously, you will see a bigger delta in tthey near-term. To account for tthey stock-based compensation, we really view that stock-based compensation to incentivize tthey employees to stay with tthey company and unlock those growth potentials and you will see that amortize over a four-year period consistent with our equity programs and ttheyn we will be back to a more normalized run rate after that amortization period. So you will see more impact on tthey GAAP side and we feel pretty good about tthey trajectory from a non-GAAP operating margin standpoint. Saket Kalia Very, very theylpful. Thanks, Dan. Congrats again. Dan Durn Thanks. Jonathan Vaas Hey, Operator. We are coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. Let’s try to squeeze in two more questions please. Operator Certainly. We can go straight to Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. Phil Winslow Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus on a little bit more in tthey near-term in terms of your guidance for Q4. If we were in back to last year, you saw sort of a lower uplift around sort of tthey Black Friday selling period as compared to prior years. Now, obviously, going into ttheir Q4 is always is you are a seasonally stronger business or enterprise spend period for Adobe, we are also going into that sort of that Black Friday period again, obviously. Wtheyn you think about your guidance for Q4, what are you baking in compared to last year for sort of those Black Friday trends, but also that sort of seasonal uplift in tthey business spending? Shantanu Narayen I think as we said in our prepared remarks, Phil, we are guiding in typical seasonality, Q4 tends to be a strong season both in terms of tthey enterprise business for us and closing tthey enterprise business and tthey pipeline that we have built over tthey year, as well as some consumer commerce days, as you mentioned and all of that is factored into tthey targets that we are guiding. We are not changing that based on anything different than we have seen. So I think we continue to believe that our business is resilient and if you look at tthey initial targets that we are providing, we would expect to have anottheyr strong seasonal close to tthey year. Phil Winslow Great. Thanks, guys. Operator And tthey final question today comes from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Hi. Thanks very much and congrats on tthey acquisition. Dan, I just wanted to follow up on your comments maybe on tthey dilution around tthey deal. I think just based on what Shantanu and all of you have said about sort of tthey complementary nature of tthey deal, tthey ability to expand tthey market. I think people are asking why isn’t ttheyre more sort of synergy from a go-to-market perspective with ttheir deal, meaning bringing Figma onto your platform would ttheyoretically just turbocharge sales immediately given sort of your scale? So I just -- how much of that’s baked into tthey dilution forecast or are you -- I realize it’s early, but are you leaving that more for upside, because I think tthey length of tthey dilution given that ttheir should be complementary from a go-to-market perspective, I think, is what’s somewhat confusing to folks? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Well, certainly, for us, ttheir is all about tthey top line growth and what -- if you look at actually what we would expect in terms of ttheyir continued growth and our continued growth, I think, tthey topline of both companies ttheyy would accelerate. And so I think maybe at tthey FA meeting, as we get more time, we are happy to share more color associated with it. But from my perspective, we actually think that we have a plan that allows us to really show tthey benefits of tthey combination, as well as continue to overachieve against those. Kirk Materne Okay. Shantanu Narayen And since that is tthey… Kirk Materne Yeah. Shantanu Narayen Go atheyad. Kirk Materne Just a follow-up on that. I just -- too difficult for us to, meaning you both can grow faster, are ttheyse new developers that require sort of new efforts to go get ttheym from Adobe perspective. I am just trying to get a sense of tthey overlap of tthey opportunity would seemingly think that you guys combined could actually do it more effectively togettheyr, which would create greater operating leverage to a certain degree sooner. So I am just trying to -- I realize ttheyre’s a lot of moving parts in tthey near term to ttheir, but I was just kind of curious, is that what’s sort of embedded in your expectations or are you sort of leaving that for to see what happens as you get, I guess, a little bit closer to tthey deal closing? Shantanu Narayen I think for us, we are just factoring in everything, including tthey fact that ttheir is a stock purchase and half of it is approximately in stock and what that means in terms of dilution. As we said, we will start to offset that. We have tremendous cash flow generation. But from our perspective, we are going to be aggressive about making sure that we continue to drive tthey topline and tthey bottomline. And so that is very much on our mind in terms of delivering great value to tthey customers in tthey industry and creating new opportunities. And from my perspective, what I do want to say, since that was tthey last question was, first and foremost, we are really excited about our current business. I mean tthey current business is growing at a great clip in ttheir macroeconomic environment. We have multiple growth initiatives that are all demonstrating how mission-critical ttheyy are and how ttheyy are relevant ttheyy are in ttheir new digital-first world wtheyre wtheyttheyr it’s work, life, play, everything is going to be impacted by digital. So, first and foremost, we are very confident about our existing portfolio and tthey growth trajectory of tthey current portfolio. Tthey addition of Figma, from my perspective, is tthey ability to turbocharge that in terms of both tthey opportunity that tthey company has, as well as tthey ability to serve ever broadening set of customers. And so I hope you all view that within that context, which is lot of confidence about our existing business and more excitement about making sure that we are setting in place greater future opportunities. We will look forward to having a lot of you at MAX. I hope you do come ttheyre. We are planning an FA part of that section as well and so we would be happy to share more with you wtheyn we join that. And with that, I will turn it over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Shantanu, and thanks, everyone, for joining us ttheir morning. Ttheir concludes tthey call.