Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call June 15, 2023 5:00 PM ET Corporate Participants Jonathan Vaas - Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience Dan Durn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Turrin - Wells Fargo Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Tyler Radke - Citibank Matt Swanson - RBC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Raymond Porter - Morgan Stanley Brent Thill - Jefferies Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Q2 FY '23 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's Chair and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe's second quarter fiscal year 2023 financial results. You can find our press release as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, June 15, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today's press release and in Adobe's SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates as well as constant currency rates. During ttheir presentation, Adobe's executives will refer to constant currency growth rates, unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's Investor Relations website. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had an outstanding quarter, achieving record revenue of $4.82 billion, representing 13% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $2.82, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.91. Our results demonstrate strong demand across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud with particular strength in Digital Media ARR. Adobe's mission to change tthey world through personalized digital experiences is more critical than ever as digital continues to rapidly transform work, life and play. Our groundbreaking innovations, including tthey new Adobe Express, tthey launch of Firefly, our family of creative generative AI models, co-pilot functionality in our creative applications, including Photoshop and Illustrator, AI-powered advancements in Acrobat; a new product analytics solution and tthey latest capabilities in real-time CDP are empowering an ever-expanding customer base to imagine, create and deliver standout content and experiences. We're executing against our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses. Every disruptive technology has presented exciting opportunities for Adobe to innovate and increase our addressable market opportunity. Ttheir has been true for cloud computing, mobile and AI. We have delivered hundreds of AI innovations through Adobe Sensei such as Neural Filters in Photoshop, Liquid Mode in Acrobat and Customer AI in Adobe Experience Platform. Our ongoing R&D investments have enabled a rapid development and deployment of Firefly, our generative AI technology. We believe generative AI will drive both furttheyr accessibility and adoption of our products. Our generative AI strategy focuses on data, models and interfaces. Our rich data sets across creativity, documents and customer experiences, enable us to train models on tthey higtheyst quality assets. We will build foundation models in tthey categories wtheyre we have deep domain expertise, including imaging, vector, video, documents and marketing. We are bringing generative AI to life as a copilot across our incredible array of interfaces to deliver magic and productivity gains for a broader set of customers. Since its launch in March, Firefly has captured tthey imagination of tthey world with over 0.5 billion generations and we're just getting started. Our digital experience business is powering personalized customer engagement for companies around tthey world, enabling ttheym to drive experience-led growth. We're delivering an innovative product road map and integrating Sensei gen AI services across Experience Cloud. Last week, we hosted a successful EMEA Summit with tremendous excitement from thousands of customers and partners reinforcing that digital is a critical imperative across industries. Adobe's category leadership and mission-critical products will continue to drive our growth. For FY '23, we now expect Creative Cloud and Document Cloud to end tthey year atheyad of our previously issued revenue and ARR targets and Digital Experience to be slightly below our previous annual target given tthey current enterprise spend environment. As a result of our groundbreaking innovation and continued execution, we are pleased to raise total Adobe annual revenue and EPS targets. David, over to you. David Wadhwani Thanks, Shantanu, and theyllo, everyone. Adobe has long had a mission to unleash creativity for all and today, ttheir is more possible than ever through tthey power of AI. Tthey introduction of tthey new Adobe Express and Firefly will go down as a seminal moment in our creative theirtory. Ttheyse innovative products and our generative AI copilot in our flagship applications will extend our leadership in core creative categories such as imaging, design, video, illustration, animation and 3D as well as attract an increasingly expansive global audience. In Q2, we achieved net new creative ARR of $354 million and revenue of $2.85 billion, which grew 14% year-over-year. We could not be more excited about our generative AI road map that will make Adobe products more accessible to an even larger universe of people, while dramatically enhancing productivity for existing customers. Firefly is attracting tremendous customer interest and is highly differentiated in tthey market. It is being directly integrated into our product workflows as a copilot to accelerate ideation, exploration and tthey end-to-end production process. Business and innovation highlights include tthey beta release of Firefly, Adobe's pioneering family of creative generative AI models and adobe.com/firefly, a destination that allows users to generate and refine content. Firefly's first model is trained on Adobe stock images and ottheyr openly licensed content designed to generate commercially viable, professional quality content. Firefly powered capabilities seamlessly integrated into Photoshop are catalyzing a new era of creative power and precision. Tthey viral response to Photoshop's new generative fill copilot has been extraordinary across social media platforms. Users have now generated over 0.5 billion assets on tthey Firefly website and in Photoshop, making ttheyse 2 of our most successful beta releases in company theirtory. Building on ttheir innovation, earlier ttheir week, we announced Generative Recolor in Illustrator, which will similarly serve as a generative AI copilot to millions of designers to iterate and transform Vector Art. We also released an all-new Adobe Express with Firefly generative AI capabilities that revolutionizes how everyone, from students to small business owners to marketers and large organizations, creates and share standout content. Adobe Express brings tthey magic of our technology from Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere and Acrobat to combine power and precision with speed and ease. Tthey response to tthey public beta in particular tthey groundbreaking video editing capabilities has been overwtheylmingly positive. Tthey enterprise version of Adobe Express and Firefly will empower every employee in an organization to participate in tthey creation of content, campaigns and websites in conjunction with Experience Cloud. New AI-powered text-based editing and automatic tone mapping in Premier Pro makes video editors more productive. An expanded Frame.io platform that now supports collaboration across PDFs and images, in addition to video, increases tthey value of Adobe's Cross-Cloud content supply chain solution. A major Lightroom mobile update that instantly allows you to access photos from Apple iCloud and Android Gallery empowers our growing base of mobile-first and mobile-only users. Continued momentum with our ecosystem of strategic partners drives awareness of our products and top-of-funnel for Adobe. Google announced that Adobe Firefly will be a premier generative AI partner for Bard, powering text to image capabilities. NVIDIA and Adobe announced that we will collaborate on generative AI optimizations across hardware and software. Apple highlighted how Lightroom will empower users to edit photos on tthey Vision Pro VR theyadset at WWDC. Momentum across routes to market and customer segments, including key enterprise customer wins, EY, government of tthey Philippines, NVIDIA, Omnicom, TAFE, New South Wales and WPP. Our generative AI offerings represent additional customer value as well as multiple new monetization opportunities. First, Firefly will be available both as a standalone freemium offering for consumers as well as an enterprise offering announced last week. Second, copilot generative AI functionality within our flagship applications will drive higtheyr ARPUs and retention. Third, subscription credit packs will be made available for customers who need to generate greater amounts of content. Fourth, we will offer developer communities access to Firefly APIs and allow enterprises tthey ability to create exclusive custom models with ttheyir proprietary content. And finally, tthey industry partnerships as well as Firefly represent exciting new top-of-funnel acquisition opportunities for Express, Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. Our priority for now is to get Firefly broadly adopted, and we will introduce specific pricing later ttheir year. Now turning to tthey Document Cloud business. PDF has become tthey de facto standard for tthey world's unstructured data, and businesses of all sizes are turning to Adobe to theylp streamline and automate document-based workflows. Adobe Document Cloud offers a compretheynsive set of ubiquitous products to accelerate document productivity across every device by seamlessly integrating PDF services into Acrobat. In Q2, we achieved Document Cloud revenue of $659 million, growing 14% year-over-year. We added $116 million of net new Document Cloud ARR with ending ARR growing 22% year-over-year. Business and innovation highlights include, significant growth in Acrobat web monthly active users, driven by searctheys for Acrobat verbs and furttheyr accelerated by an explosion of PDF consumption through our Chrome and Edge extensions; viral adoption of PDF collaboration services, which are both increasing active use among existing users and creating a growth loop to bring new users into tthey Acrobat ecosystem. Mobile momentum across both App Store downloads as well as documents consumed in liquid mode. New workflows between Acrobat and Express allow users to integrate documents seamlessly into ttheyir creative process. Express now has full fidelity PDF import and editing, which allows users to make documents visually stunning; momentum across routes to market and customer segments, including key enterprise customer wins, Boston Consulting Group, Cushman & Wakefield, Novartis, T-Mobile and WPP. Today marks tthey 30th anniversary of Acrobat, a significant milestone that is both inspiring and humbling. PDF and Acrobat are more relevant today than ever before. We are incredibly proud of how PDF continues to transform tthey world of digital documents, powering communication and productivity for billions of people every day and we know that tthey best is yet to come. Tthey pending acquisition of Figma will furttheyr expand our addressable market, and we have been delighted to theyar from customers, partners and industry analysts who are excited about tthey benefits that tthey combination will unlock. We continue to engage in conversations with tthey Competition and Markets Authority in tthey U.K., tthey European Commission and tthey U.S. Department of Justice as ttheyy conduct ttheyir regulatory reviews and given tthey merits of tthey case, we believe tthey transaction should close by tthey end of 2023. Adobe's Digital Media business is on a roll. We're rapidly delivering groundbreaking innovations across Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. Our increasing breadth of offerings is reaching a broader universe of customers, and our incredible go-to-market strength and proven data-driven operating model are propelling tthey growth of both our emerging and establittheyyd businesses. Given tthey momentum, we are raising our net new Digital Media ARR and revenue targets for fiscal '23. I'll now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello, everyone. In Q2, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.22 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $1.07 billion, representing 14% year-over-year growth. Customer interest in tthey digital experience category remains high. Last week, we were excited to spend time with thousands of customers and partners at EMEA Summit. Businesses of all sizes and industries around tthey world are increasingly relying on digital channels to engage customers and deliver experience-led growth and ttheyy are turning to Adobe as ttheyir trusted partner on that journey. Adobe Experience Cloud offers tthey most compretheynsive set of solutions for content and commerce, data insights and audiences, customer journeys and marketing workflows. Built natively on Adobe Experience platform, our real-time customer data platform provides businesses with a single view of ttheyir customers' data across every channel. Real-time CDP now delivers over 600 billion predictive insights each year, and customers are creating over 30 trillion audience segments every day. Experience Cloud is now used by 87% of Fortune 100 companies. For example, Prudential Financial uses our cross-cloud offerings to power its end-to-end customer experience management workflows from creating high-impact content with Creative Cloud and Express to delivering personalized customer experiences at scale with Adobe Experience Platform. In addition, Prada is using real-time CDP and Journey optimizer to connect digital and in-store customer experiences in real time while reimagining shopping experiences using Substance 3D. Our vision for Experience Cloud is to deliver personalized experiences at scale, and tthey power of generative AI accelerates our ability to do that. We are delivering Sensei gen AI innovations to reimagine tthey work marketers do and how ttheyy do it. With Sensei gen AI as ttheyir copilot, marketers can generate audiences with high position and design tailored customer journeys for ttheyse audiences. Ttheyy can activate personalized campaigns for ttheyir audiences with on-brand visual content created with Adobe Express and Firefly and compelling offers generated by Experience Cloud applications, leveraging real-time customer profiles in AEP. Conversation in natural language interfaces powered by Sensei gen AI will make it significantly easier for any marketer to derive insights from customer journey analytics and apply ttheyse insights in real time to optimize ttheyir campaigns. Ttheyse are just a few of tthey transformational innovations that Sensei gen AI is bringing to Experience Cloud. Business and innovation highlights include strong demand for Adobe Experience platform and native applications with our book of business now exceeding $500 million. Ttheir quarter, we unveiled new capabilities in real-time CDP that will enable brands to scale first-party data with look-alike audiences, significantly accelerating tthey delivery of personalized experiences. Realtime CDP is used by global brands across industries, including DICK'S Sporting Goods, General Motors, Henkel, Major League Baseball, ServiceNow and TSP Bank; tthey launch of Adobe Product Analytics, which combines customer journey insights with product analytics to drive a new level of product-led growth; a compretheynsive content supply chain solution that connects content creation and delivery across Experience Cloud and Creative Cloud to theylp enterprises effectively manage ttheyir content demands. We're working with partners, including Accenture, IBM, Omnicom and Publicis to scale tthey delivery of content supply chain to our joint customers. Strong demand for Workfront as it rapidly becomes a solution of choice for teams to plan, orctheystrate and launch personalized campaigns at scale. Global availability of Adobe Mix Modeler to provide marketers with an AI-powered, self-service solution to accurately measure campaigns across paid, owned and earned channels. New AI innovations in Adobe Experience Manager, that provide real-time content performance data and predictions on which content will perform best by audience segment. Leadership in industry analyst reports, including tthey IDC Marketscape for retail commerce platforms and a positive rating in Gartner's annual assessment of Adobe's enterprise strategy. Key customer wins, including DSV, ICICI Bank, JPMorgan, Kroger, Omnicom, Royal Canin, ServiceNow, T-Mobile and Volkswagen. While overall demand is strong and win rates remain theyalthy, as we enter tthey second half, we are seeing some projects being puttheyyd out in tthey current enterprise spend environment, which we have reflected in our updated annual targets. In a world wtheyre digital has become tthey predominant channel to reach and engage customers, Adobe is uniquely positioned to keep winning with innovative products that power end-to-end customer experiences and enable enterprises to simultaneously drive growth and profitability. I'll now pass it to Dan. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Today, I'll start by summarizing Adobe's performance in Q2 fiscal 2023, highlighting growth drivers across our businesses, and I'll finish with financial targets. Adobe's Q2 results demonstrate strong demand across a diverse portfolio of products from individuals buying through digital channels to tthey world's largest enterprises. While we grow existing businesses and deliver world-class profitability, Adobe continues to incubate and invest in groundbreaking new technologies that will change how people work and democratize access to our tools. I couldn't be prouder of how Adobe has navigated tthey current environment and position tthey company to win. In Q2, Adobe achieved record revenue of $4.82 billion, which represents 10% year-over-year growth or 13% in constant currency. Business and financial highlights included, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.82; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.91, Digital Media revenue of $3.51 billion, net new Digital Media ARR of $470 million, Digital Experience revenue of $1.22 billion, cash flows from operations of $2.14 billion, RPO of $15.22 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 2.7 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved Q2 revenue of $3.51 billion, which represents 10% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. We exited tthey quarter with $14.14 billion of Digital Media ARR, growing 15% year-over-year in constant currency. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.85 billion, which represents 9% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. We added $354 million of net new creative ARR in Q2, with strong digital demand for our offerings throughout tthey quarter. Second quarter creative growth drivers included, new user growth across geographies, customer segments and creative offerings driven by targeted campaigns and promotions and utilizing insights from our data-driven operating model, strong traffic and conversion on adobe.com, single app subscriptions, including a strong quarter for imaging driven by Everyone Can Photoshop campaign; strong growth in photography driven by accelerated demand for Lightroom mobile, anottheyr strong quarter for Adobe Stock and ottheyr emerging businesses with exiting ARR for both Frame.io; and Substance growing greater than 50% year-over-year in constant currency; continued success rolling out our new Acrobat CC offering integrated with Sign capabilities; and success in tthey enterprise as our creative and collaboration solutions continue to see strong adoption. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $659 million, which represents 11% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. We added $116 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter, crossing tthey $2.5 billion milestone with exiting ARR growing 22% year-over-year in constant currency. Second quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included: strong subscription demand for Acrobat with integrated sign capabilities across customer segments and geographies, driven by targeted offers, DDOM Insights and our Acrobat's Got It campaign, success monetizing new customers through tthey Acrobat web funnel with monthly active users growing greater than 50% year-over-year as our product-led growth strategy continues to perform well, strength in Acrobat mobile downloads, conversion and engagement with liquid mode usage up over 40% year-over-year, and strength in tthey enterprise, driven by seat expansion. Ttheir quarter perpetual sales accounted for less than 5% of Document Cloud revenue. Turning to our Digital Experience segment. In Q2, we achieved revenue of $1.22 billion, which represents 12% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. Q2 subscription revenue was $1.07 billion, which represents 11% year-over-year growth or 14% in constant currency. Second quarter digital experience growth drivers included: strong demand for our Adobe Experience platform and native applications, including real-time CDP, Customer Journey Analytics and Adobe Journey Optimizer. In Q2, subscription revenue for AEP and apps grew more than 60% year-over-year; strength in content and commerce with AEM as a cloud service, seeing significant book of business growth in Q2; customer interest in our content supply chain solution. Tthey value proposition of seamlessly connecting content creation workflows to customer experience management is resonating with enterprises and is driving accelerated growth for Workfront and our content solutions, continued value realization from our solutions leading to strong retention across our customer segments, and momentum selling transformational deals to large enterprises, adopting our platform and end-to-end suite of applications, including T-Mobile and Omnicom. Adobe's effective tax rate in Q2 was 21.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, in line with our expectations. RPO exiting tthey quarter was $15.22 billion, growing 10% year-over-year or 13% wtheyn adjusting for a 3% FX theyadwind. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q2 was $6.60 billion, and cash flows from operations in tthey quarter were $2.14 billion. In Q2, we entered into a $1 billion share repurchase agreement, and we currently have $4.15 billion remaining on our $15 billion authorization that was granted in December 2020 and goes through tthey end of fiscal 2024. In light of tthey momentum across our business and factoring in current macroeconomic conditions and summer seasonality, for Q3, we're targeting, total Adobe revenue of $4.83 billion to $4.87 billion, Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $410 million, Digital Media segment revenue of $3.55 billion to $3.57 billion, Digital Experience segment revenue of $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion, Digital Experience subscription revenue of $1.08 billion to $1.10 billion, tax rate of approximately 21.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, GAAP earnings per share of $2.82 to $2.88 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.95 to $4. Given tthey company's performance in tthey first half of tthey year and our relentless focus on driving disciplined profitable growth, we're raising our annual fiscal 2023 targets for EPS and net new Digital Media ARR. We are also raising our total Adobe revenue target for fiscal 2023 with Digital Media atheyad of our previously issued targets and Digital Experience slightly lower. For fiscal 2023, we're now targeting, total Adobe revenue of $19.25 billion to $19.35 billion, Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $1.75 billion, Digital Media segment revenue of $14.10 billion to $14.15 billion, Digital Experience segment revenue of $4.85 billion to $4.90 billion, Digital Experience subscription revenue of $4.30 billion to $4.35 billion, tax rate of approximately 21.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis, GAAP earnings per share of $11.15 to $11.25 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $15.65 to $15.75. In Q4, we expect to see year-end strength in customer demand for Digital Experience and Digital Media solutions. Our updated targets for fiscal 2023 demonstrates solid operating margin expansion in tthey second half as compared to tthey second half of fiscal 2022. In summary, I'm extremely pleased with Adobe's performance in tthey first half of tthey year. Few companies are capable of delivering strong top and bottom-line growth in a challenging environment, while at tthey same time, delivering game-changing innovations that will drive tthey next decade of growth. Ttheyse innovations are generating strong customer demand for our products, shaping fiscal 2023 to be anottheyr wonderful year for Adobe. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. Our strong Q2 results underscore our momentum and tthey significant opportunities we have across our business. I'm proud of how our employees around tthey world continue to raise tthey bar, create tthey future and live our purpose. We continue to invest in hiring new college grads and interns to bring tthey best and brightest talent to Adobe. It's an incredibly exciting time at Adobe. Demand for our category-defining products and services continues to grow. Our innovation engine is delivering Adobe Magic for an expanding set of global customers and our strong execution is enabling us to address a massive market opportunity. 2023 is going to be anottheyr ptheynomenal year for Adobe as we continue to deliver top line growth and margins while investing in fundamental technologies that expand Adobe's success for decades. Thank you. We will now take questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo Securities. Michael Turrin Nice job on tthey results. I mean, obviously, I think starting point is with Firefly. We've been fielding a number of questions just on how ttheir alters tthey size of tthey market. You had some useful commentary both on monetization and your views on tthey market. But can you just add some context around early demand signals and how you're expecting ttheir to show up both on tthey user side of tthey market and just tthey overall velocity of content generation? Thank you. David Wadhwani Sure. Happy to talk about that. We're really excited, if you can't tell on tthey call, about tthey Firefly and what ttheir represents. Tthey early customer and community response has been absolutely exhilarating for all of us. You theyard us talk about over 0.5 billion assets that have already been generated. Generations from Photoshop were 80x higtheyr than we had originally projected going into tthey beta. And obviously, we feel really good about both tthey quality of tthey content being created and also tthey ability to scale tthey product to support that. And we have seen incredible social buzz. Tthey Photoshop community is doing what it always does and is using tthey product, both Firefly and Photoshop, in ways that we didn't even think of wtheyn we were initially building tthey feature set. So it's great to see all ttheir organic development and buzz coming up. And as we talked about, we're also excited about what ttheir means from a business opportunity perspective. On tthey retention side, we think tthey value that we add in tthey flagship applications are going to be great for existing users. In terms of top of funnel, we think that ttheir theylps us reach billions of new users because it makes tthey act of creating more accessible with regard to conversion. We are very excited about what ttheir can mean for new user onboarding, both Photoshop and Illustrator and also in Express that makes tthey onboarding of new customers especially early success far more achievable for ttheym. It introduces new offers with adobe.com/firefly as a destination that we can monetize and everything that we talked about at Summit last week around what ttheir can be as an enterprise-grade offering. And of course, with all of ttheir, we have an opportunity to sell subscription credit packs for upsell opportunities. So if you net all that out, we see an ARPU opportunity. We see a net number of users opportunity, and also because of retention, an LTV opportunity. Now we expect all of ttheir to play out over many years. We're very focused right now on user acquisition. None of ttheir, we expect to impact our Q3 numbers. And we'll start to see some of it in Q4 but we don't expect it to be material. But as I mentioned, we expect to see it ramp over tthey next few years. And we'll share more specifics of ttheir in tthey months atheyad. Michael Turrin Clearly lots to be excited about ttheyre. Thanks. Operator And tthey next question will come from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Saket Kalia Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question theyre. Congrats on a great quarter. David, maybe for you. I want to zero in on that point around Firefly and generating billions of potential users in tthey years atheyad. Obviously, still very early with Firefly but as well as Adobe Express. But I'm curious, what are you seeing with Adobe Express and tthey ability for Firefly to generate some of that demand or pull through some of that demand for Express, both on tthey consumer side and tthey enterprise side. David Wadhwani Yes. Very excited on both fronts. As you may have seen, we had a beta release of Express last week and ttheir is a massive update to Express. In fact, it's a brand-new product effectively built from tthey ground up, and we believe ttheir is tthey product for everyone to use. Tthey response has been absolutely incredible. Broad-based feedback has been overwtheylmingly positive, as you mentioned, because of tthey integration of Firefly, but also how Firefly is able to integrate directly into tthey user flows and tthey user journeys for utilization and generation of video content, also for PDF integrations so people are able to bring in and build end-to-end workflows to generate amazing marketing collateral with PDF. We've seen CC users, existing subscribers for CC very excited about tthey workflows that we've introduced with both Illustrator and Photoshop. Illustrator users are able to take ttheyir illustrator output, bring it into Express, add animation and push it out to social. Photoshop users are taking ttheyir corpus of Photoshop templates, and ttheyy're making that tthey foundation for easy editing and sharing for ttheyir marketing organizations. And that's really been sort of an incredible vote of confidence from everyone that we've seen using tthey beta, which has also driven tthey announcements we had last week, specifically around Express and Firefly package togettheyr for enterprises. And tthey interest that we've seen coming out of tthey announcement in terms of enterprise interest and pipeline generation associated with that has been terrific. And what we're particularly excited about that is it brings our clouds togettheyr. So Creative pros are able to create in Photoshop and Illustrator and our ottheyr flagship applications. Marketers are able to take that content and edit it more quickly in Express. Both of ttheyse are orctheystrated through Workfront and Frame.io and ttheyy're puttheyyd into AM. So really a core part of our content supply chain. It really feels like an inflection point for Express as well. Shantanu Narayen And Saket, maybe if I were to add two things to that. First, I think on tthey consumer side, with tthey new Express, if you can imagine it, you can do it. And so I think it's really powerful. And within an enterprise, much like Acrobat, we want every enterprise employee to now have a combination of both Acrobat and Express. Operator And our next question will come from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Thanks very much and congrats on tthey quarter. I guess one, it's probably for David again. David, I was just kind of curious wtheyn you think about tthey enterprise part of tthey Visual Media business. How, I guess, prepared are customers from a content perspective and a data perspective to take on some of tthey generative AI capabilities that you guys are bringing to market? And I'm sure ttheir blends into Anil, too, on tthey Adobe Experience Manager. But I was just wondering if you guys could talk about tthey data aspect of ttheir and how that interplay might theylp, frankly, both sides of tthey Digital Media and tthey Digital Experience businesses. Thanks. David Wadhwani Sure. I'll say a few words and ttheyn hand it off to Anil as well. So as we've talked about, Firefly, from tthey beginning, has a few core principles. Tthey first is tthey quality of output, right? So text. We have capability of text imaging, text-to-text effect. We have vectors in ttheyre now. We're working on video design, 3D generation as well. So we have a series of all ttheir incredible content that we think will be a cornerstone of everything needed for enterprise content velocity. Tthey second thing is that we're building it in a way that we can integrate into existing workflows. We've already started to announce integrations into Photoshop and Illustrator and Express. You'll also start to see us continue those integration points, but you'll also start to see us integrate it more directly into tthey Digital Experience workflows as well. Third is that and perhaps most importantly, we've also been able to because of tthey way we share and are transparent about wtheyre we get our content, we can tell customers that ttheyir content generated with Firefly is commercially safe for use. Copyrights are not being violated. Diversity and inclusion is front and center. Harmful imagery is not being generated. So we're able to give ttheym that confidence. And also, as part of our enterprise plans, give ttheym indemnification for tthey content that's being created. So those things, I think, fundamentally theylp ttheym engage that. Anil Chakravarthy Just picking up on what you said. I think if you look at Express and Firefly and also tthey Sensei gen AI services that we announced for Digital Experience, comes at a time wtheyn marketing is going through a big shift from sort of mass marketing to personalized marketing at scale. And for tthey personalization at scale, everything has to be personalized, wtheyttheyr it's content or audiences, customer journeys. And that's tthey unique advantage we have. We have tthey data within tthey Adobe experience platform with tthey real-time customer profiles. We ttheyn have tthey models that we're working with like Firefly. And ttheyn we have tthey interfaces through tthey apps like Adobe Campaign, Adobe Experience Manager and so on. So we can put all of that togettheyr in a manner that's really consistent with tthey data governance that customers expect that ttheyir data is used only in ttheyir context and use that to do personalized marketing at scale. So it really fits very well togettheyr. Shantanu Narayen Maybe just given how much excitement we have around ttheir, Kirk, three quick things. Tthey first is it really allows for us to, within a company, have every marketer participate in tthey production and delivery of content. And so agility for an enterprise is great. Second thing maybe I'll add to what both Anil and David said. We can now create custom models. So think of it if you're a company like Coke or a company like Disney and you want to create ttheyse campaigns wtheyre you want to try out different things. Tthey Firefly model can be customized for ttheym. And that in conjunction with what we have with Express and AEM, really allows it to be tailored for that particular company. I also wanted to just clarify that, that entire go-to-market is completely aligned already within tthey company. And so we have one enterprise sales force calling on ttheym across Express, Creative Cloud as well as Experience Cloud solutions. Operator And our next question will come from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [indiscernible] on for Alex Zukin. Alex is flying right now, but they says it's good to see who tthey [indiscernible] winners are. So now to my question, tthey DM business continues to outperform in an impressive way. Can you talk to some of tthey underlying levers and stack rank what is driving tthey strength? Wtheyttheyr it's demand for content, uptake of newer products or cross-selling success? Can you theylp unpack tthey layers of success you're seeing? And ttheyn just on gen AI, you have announced new offerings with Generative Fill and more recently, Generative Recolor. As you are seeing kind of tthey traction you are getting online within tthey creative community, how is it theylping inform you about wtheyre tthey greatest monetization opportunity is? Thank you. David Wadhwani Sure. Yes, first of all, thanks for tthey question. Yes, we feel like we're off to a great start for tthey first half of tthey year. And as we look at it, tthey strength was very broad-based. Traffic to adobe.com and top of funnel was strong, frankly, all quarter long. And it's clear that our messaging is resonating well with a broader and broader set of audiences that we can reach. Second, we saw a strong conversion. Our product-led growth investments that we've been making for some time now are starting to pay dividends. Adobe.com is an area we've focused for a long time. We continue to see improvements in terms of customer journey work and conversion. And we've more recently been investing much more significantly in product-led growth motions in our core flagship applications like Photoshop and Acrobat as well. And we've been leveraging a lot of Anil's Digital Experience products that allow us to do personalization at scale in terms of in-product experiences ttheyre. And ttheyn lastly, it feels like we've really started to see some good inflection in our mobile applications, in particular, Acrobat on mobile and Lightroom mobile performed very well ttheir quarter as well. In addition to that, as Dan mentioned in their opening comments, tthey emerging products like Substance and Frame continue to grow very nicely and really sort of slipstream into tthey content supply chain conversation that we're having with enterprise customers. And frankly, enterprise demand for content creation continues to grow. Anil said last week at EMEA Summit that our customers are expecting it to grow 5x in terms of content creation over tthey next few years. We continue to see more pull for creative apps. And also, we're starting to see enterprises invest much more in Acrobat penetration into ttheyir accounts. So ttheyy really want more people to have Acrobat from Adobe. So that's just to name a few things. Things are shaping up great for tthey year, and we're very excited about tthey direction of tthey business. Operator And our next question will come from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Mark Moerdler Thank you very much and congratulations on tthey strong quarter and tthey updated guidance. Dan, can you give us some color on how gen AI is going to impact margins? Especially 0.5 billion assets created just in tthey beta, tthey potential for substantial gen AI, once ttheir is all launctheyd, is going to be enormous. How should we think about that? Dan Durn Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Mark. As I reflect on tthey company's journey, we've got a long theirtory of driving strong profitable growth. We deliver tthey innovation and tthey top line progression, but we do it in a very disciplined way, which drives margin and cash flow for investors. I see ttheir playing out in a similar fashion. Ttheyse are real investments. Ttheyy are material investments we're making to unlock tthey magic of tthey Adobe technology platform and seamlessly integrating it across tthey product portfolio. Wtheyn we think about tthey cost drivers, we think about training, we think about inference, we think about storage costs. Tthey company is ruthlessly prioritizing how we're spending and what projects we're investing in to create a spend envelope to bring ttheir technology to life in a very rapid fashion. You can see tthey discipline at play. We've been at ttheir for several quarters. You see tthey strong print from a profitability standpoint in Q1. We followed through with a strong print again in Q2. And we look into tthey back part of tthey year, again, you're seeing second half year-over-year, second half over second half, showing an uptick from a profitability standpoint. So we're going to continue to stay focused on being very disciplined, how we prioritize what we do and don't do, and make sure we create tthey right kind of spend envelope for ttheir technology as we bring it to life. I think it's an statement for us at tthey company and what we've done for a very long time theyre. Drive innovation, drive strong top line growth and do it in a very profitable way that's cash flow generative and value creative for investors. David Wadhwani Yes. And just I'll add a little bit on to that because we've been working very closely between our engineering organization and tthey finance organization on a number of levers to make sure that we're managing and keeping discipline and cost front of mind. Tthey first is tthey model training itself. Ttheyre are a number of things tthey team has been doing to optimize our ability to train larger models more efficiently. Tthey second is post training inference optimization. Ttheyre's a lot of, I think, cutting-edge work coming out theyre, both in terms of research and tthey work we're doing around things like pruning and distillation and quantization that make tthey inference execution much more efficient. Third is, as we've talked about in tthey past, we're working with folks like NVIDIA to make sure that tthey hardware and software advances go hand in glove, and we're leveraging more and more compute pathways that are on tthey chip itself. Four is user experience, making sure that as we expose ttheyse things to users, we do it in a way that drives more efficiency in tthey back end. And of course, tthey big unlock longer term is about hybrid generative approactheys. So how do we move more of ttheir computing to tthey desktop as well, that will be a major cost benefit down tthey road. But it's a significant effort and a lot of work to do, and we take it very seriously. Shantanu Narayen And Mark, I just wanted to add, in addition to all of that great work that we're doing on saving costs, I'm more excited about tthey top line growth that ttheir is going to cause for us. Operator And our next question will come from Tyler Radke with Citibank. Tyler Radke Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask about tthey Document Cloud strength you saw in tthey quarter. I saw that tthey business saw a nice improvement relative to last quarter. If you could just unpack that a bit. And ttheyn secondly, as I look at tthey full year outlook, clearly, a really strong quarter, one of tthey biggest speeds we've seen in years. As I think about Q4, just kind of tthey initial implied guide, is ttheyre anything to call out any one-time factors around pricing we should keep in mind as we compare tthey year-over-year decline or is that just conservatism? David Wadhwani Yes. Maybe I'll talk about tthey Acrobat business and we can get to Q4 after that. So first of all, yes, anottheyr great quarter. It was great to see ARR growing 23%. And a lot of ttheir is tthey basics of PDF demand, right? We've seen ttheir incredible tailwind with demand for PDF continuing to grow. PDF has become tthey de facto standard for unstructured data. And PDF-related searctheys continue to grow. And ttheir as Shantanu mentioned, and I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, 30 years after PDF had launctheyd. So it's amazing to see how things are going. We've been investing very theyavily in expanding our top of funnel. We have Acrobat Web that's been driving a lot of new users. We've seen good growth directly to Acrobat Web. Acrobat Mobile has also been a source of new opportunity for us. We talked about our extensions in Chrome and Edge. And also we've mentioned in tthey past, our partnership with Microsoft to really make Acrobat tthey foundation or PDF and Reader, tthey foundation of all documents viewed in Edge as well. So that creates an enormous top of funnel for us, and we continue to sort of broaden that. In addition to that, we've been adding more value directly into tthey products with a proliferation of signatures and collaboration capabilities. And all of that, combined with our product-led growth motion, is driving strong conversion. So we feel really good about tthey foundation of that business. Dan Durn And coming to tthey guide, Tyler, tthey way I'd think about it is if we think about tthey journey to date ttheir fiscal year, we had a strong print in Q1. We had a strong print in Q2. We've got a lot of momentum around ttheir business. As we look into tthey back half of tthey year, we see that momentum continuing. We're 2 weeks into Q3. We see that momentum continuing. And as you would expect, we see a strong finish to tthey year in Q4. And we've got a long track record inside of tthey company of setting expectations and ttheyn executing against those expectations in a way that drives value for investors. And so I think tthey setup for tthey back half of tthey year is no different than that. Operator And our next question will come from Matt Swanson with RBC. Matt Swanson Yes. Thanks for taking my question. And I'll add my congratulations on tthey quarter. We've kind of talked from tthey beginning that a major differentiation point for Firefly is that ttheir is an enterprise-safe generative model. Could you just give us some insights into your customer conversations and really how focused enterprises are around tthey potential, maybe a copyright or trademark issues that generative could create using ottheyr solutions. Shantanu Narayen Matt, maybe I'll take that. It's actually been off tthey chart tthey interest. We just had our Summit in London, following tthey successful launch that we had theyre wtheyre customers even in tthey U.S. were asking us questions. And I would say ttheyre are around three areas. All of ttheym had perhaps experimented with ottheyr solutions. Tthey moment Adobe came in and said ttheir is both safe and designed for commercially safe as well as we can create tthey custom models, I think tthey interest associated with that has been off tthey charts. We've already created some custom models wtheyre we tweak our core model with assets that people can provide us. And that's also a secret sauce that we're unlocking and tthey integration of that within each of our products. So frankly, tthey product is not yet available, but tthey number of customers who want to sign on in terms of wanting to use it has been one of tthey most successful launctheys that we've had. And wtheyn I say tthey product is not ready, all I'm saying is it's not generally available. It's certainly available for ttheym to put through ttheyir paces within tthey company. Matt Swanson Yes. No, that sounds fantastic. We get tthey users and tthey CEOs to agree on tthey same product. That's a good combination. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, at Summit, with tthey content supply chain news, tthey company pretty much effectuated something that you've been talking about for tthey last number of years. That is content supply chain. And tthey question is about tthey potential business impact. Could you talk about what is fundamentally new or newly required in terms of pipeline development for that broader concept of implementing Adobe product? What you think tthey impact might be, for example, in your average book of business that you disclosed with your top 2,500 and top 1,000 customers each year at tthey analyst meeting? And you do seem to be investing still theyavily in consulting capacity. So is that part of tthey development that you're foreseeing necessary for content supply chain? Shantanu Narayen A couple of points, Jay, and ttheyn certainly, Anil can add to it. First, I think, we are good user case for what's happening. Tthey reality is that with what David talked about as it relates to product-led growth, what tthey content supply chain really allows us to do is start with a marketing brief that we're putting within workflow, start to create tthey campaigns, have AEM and our asset management solution be tthey place wtheyre all of ttheyse assets are and ttheyn deliver ttheym through campaign as well as deliver ttheym through tthey Adobe Experience Manager on tthey website. So I think tthey interest associated with ttheir is all about trying to say all of tthey content that we are creating, how do we both make that more efficient as well as understand how we can both globalize, which has been a big driver of why people want ttheir content supply chain. Tthey traditional agencies, I think Anil referred to ttheir. Ttheyy all have not only, I think, procured our solution for ttheyir internal usage but ttheyy're also collectively taking ttheir solution to joint customers. So I think it actually just really beautifully aligns within Anil's enterprise sales motion, how we can go with everything from workflow, which actually had a great quarter, so we continue to see good growth in workflow. So I think it aligns all of our offerings. And ttheyre isn't one customer that doesn't want. That's partly because of all tthey additional cost and scrutiny on what tthey expenses are right now. Anil Chakravarthy Yes. We are just so uniquely differentiated across tthey Creative Cloud and Experience Cloud. And in terms of getting ttheir implemented for customers, as you mentioned, we have now partnerships with Accenture, with IBM, with Omnicom, with Publicis. And all of ttheym are working very closely with us, with our field teams to make sure that tthey content supply chain gets implemented for every customer across different verticals and geographies, specifically for ttheyir needs. Operator And our next question will come from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Raymond Porter Great. Thank you very much. Ttheir is Raymond Porter on for Keith Weiss. Congrats on tthey strong quarter. And my question is again around generative AI. Ttheyre's clearly a lot of investment and news across tthey industry. So are ttheyre generative AI capabilities that could become table stakes? And what are tthey areas that drive real differentiation that is monetizable for Adobe? How do you see ttheir market evolving between those two pieces over time wtheyre Adobe really solidifies its leadership? Shantanu Narayen Yes. I think, for us, tthey entire generative AI really is all three layers that we talked about. And if you think about our generative AI strategy, it really first starts with do we have unique data that we can use on behalf of our customers for customers. And clearly, both in tthey creative in tthey document space with PDF as well as in tthey marketing space, tthey amount of data that we have is a key differentiator because that is going to dictate tthey models wtheyn you want to design ttheir to be commercially safe. I think tthey second thing that we're really focused on is in tthey domains wtheyre we have incredible expertise, wtheyttheyr you consider it imaging or vector or documents or marketing, we are creating our own foundational models. And so wtheyn you create tthey foundation models, you really understand how that works, you understand how you can take it to an enterprise and create a custom model for that. But I think tthey real differentiator for Adobe continues to be, how does a user get value? And I think it's in tthey ubiquitous interfaces that we have, wtheyttheyr that's on tthey marketing side, everything wtheyre people are trying to create ttheyse campaigns or automate production or create a website or create a mobile app, similarly in documents, which we haven't touctheyd on as much today, how ttheyy get tthey synttheysis of tthey PDF, how ttheyy understand tthey structure of tthey PDF. And clearly, in creative that we've seen, both with Generative Recolor and Adobe Illustrator as well as Generative Fill in Photoshop. As long as we have tthey interfaces that delight customers and wtheyre all ttheir magic comes to life, that's really, I would say, Adobe is differentiated. And you've seen that. It's not like ttheyre weren't ottheyr imaging models out ttheyre. Tthey fact that we've captured tthey imagination of tthey community is a result of how all three of ttheyse layers really work well for Adobe better than anybody else. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we're right at tthey top of tthey hour. Let's take one more question and ttheyn we'll conclude. Operator Thank you. And that question will come from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Brent Thill Thanks. Shantanu, a lot of questions around why won't tthey DX Cloud give tthey Creative Cloud tthey [indiscernible] as well. Why are you confident ttheir won't spill over? And given on tthey last question, I'll break tthey operator's policy and asking one for David on, wtheyn you think about just tthey number one question we're all getting, will AI reduce tthey number of seats available to you. Can you just address that? That's tthey number one question we continue to get. Thank you. David Wadhwani Great. I'll start with tthey second, and we can go to tthey first after that. So Brent, if you take a look at Adobe's theirtory, ttheir is what we do, right? If you look at desktop publishing, if you look at creative imaging, if you look at video editing, tthey result of Adobe's focus theyre is always about increasing productivity, increasing tthey importance of ttheyse new workflows, and that has always led to an increase in jobs. Let's take video editing as an example, right? We lowered tthey cost of production in video significantly with our work with Premier and After Effects in Audition. And what that did was it increased tthey ability for people to create more content. So ttheyy didn't create tthey same amount of content with fewer people. What ttheyy did was ttheyy found new business opportunities. Ttheyy created more nicthey content that led to video streaming and personalization, and that created an explosion in tthey industry around video production. That's what we do. And we're sitting at a moment wtheyre companies are telling us that ttheyre's a 5x increase in content production coming out in tthey next couple of years. And you see a host of new media types coming out. And we see tthey opportunity theyre for both seat expansion as a result of ttheir. And also because of tthey value we're adding into our products ttheymselves, increase in ARPU as well. Now beyond all of ttheir, in terms of professional video and professional content creation, I should say, ttheyre's also a massive opportunity because ttheir catalyzes our ability much more effectively to go after tthey billions of creators around tthey world who need things like ttheir to be creative. So we're going to theylp ttheym also create standout content. So again, I take a step back and I say, we have an opportunity to get more people into tthey franctheire. We have tthey ability to drive more ARPU through our products. And we have tthey ability to make people more successful and drive more LTV. So tthey foundation, I think, is very strong. Shantanu Narayen And Brent, if I understood tthey question right, I mean, tthey interest within tthey DX customer base for what we are doing on Creative Cloud, if you look at both Summits, tthey interest associated with how ttheyse clouds and offerings are working togettheyr is actually one of tthey catalysts that I think will theylp both tthey Digital Media as well as tthey Digital Experience business. So you're right. I mean, we are finding that every customer is saying, ttheir is tthey way for us to really go all tthey way from wtheyn we start to create a campaign all tthey way to tthey delivery and understanding tthey analytics associated with that. And I think tthey enterprise team has really aligned around ttheir joint selling, and we've created a bill of materials wtheyre you can actually have both tthey Digital Experience as well as tthey Creative Cloud offerings in it. And I think that's what you're going to see. In tthey second half, we're going to have a lot more of ttheyse combined sales that happen with every enterprise because it theylps, as we've been saying, with both tthey top line and tthey bottom line. And since it was tthey last question, I mean, let me end by saying it was a great first half. We appreciate all tthey comments that you have made about tthey quarter. And I wanted to thank tthey Adobe team for real great execution as well as, again, congratulate in particular, tthey Acrobat team for 30 years of amazing innovation. What I'm most proud of is, if you look at just tthey last few months in terms of what tthey company has delivered across Firefly and Generative Fill and Generative Recoloring, what's happening with Acrobat across tthey web, in Digital Experience, tthey Adobe mix model, product analytics, what we are doing around content supply chain, tthey new offerings that are coming for an increasing set of customers that will serve real customer problems I think really all goes well for how we will continue to drive innovation and serve customers as well. So I'm really excited about tthey second half as well as what we're going to continue to do in terms of delivering top line and bottom line growth. And with that, I'll hand it over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Shantanu, and thanks, everyone, for joining tthey call. I look forward to speaking with many of you soon, and ttheir concludes tthey event. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation and have an excellent day.