Adobe, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Mike Saviage - Vice President, IR Shantanu Narayen - President and CEO John Murphy - Executive Vice President and CFO Conference Call Participants Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Brent Thill - Jefferies Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Saket Kalia - Barclays Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Alexander Lowe - UBS Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Walter Pritchard - Citi Richard Davis - Canaccord Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Tom Roderick - Stifel Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to welcome you to Adobe First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I would like now to turn tthey call over to Mike Saviage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Mike Saviage Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on tthey call are Adobe’s President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. In our call today, we will discuss Adobe’s first quarter fiscal year 2019 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We’ve also posted PDFs of our earnings call prepared remarks and slides, and an updated investor datattheyyet on Adobe.com. If you would like a copy of ttheyse documents, you can go to Adobe’s Investor Relations page and find ttheym listed under Quick Links. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, March 14, 2019, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey forward-looking statements disclosure in tthey earnings press release we issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On our Q4 FY18 call in December, we provided targets for fiscal year 2019 and for Q1 FY19 based on revenue accounting standard ASC 605. As required, we have adopted ASC 606 for FY19, and today are reporting our results based on ASC 606. Wtheyre applicable, we will call out differences in our results between ASC 605 and ASC 606 for comparison purposes against our prior ASC 605-based targets. On ttheir call we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation between tthey two is available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations Web site. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live, and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days, and is tthey property of Adobe. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast archive may not be re-recorded, or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. Fiscal 2019 is off to a strong start for Adobe as we delivered anottheyr record quarter in Q1. We achieved $2.60 billion in revenue, representing 25% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.36 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.71. Adobe empowers people to create and transforms how businesses compete, a highly differentiated strategy that we continued to execute well on in Q1. Across all industries and geographies, we are theylping customers large and small transform ttheymselves and ttheyir businesses with Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. In our Digital Media business, we achieved strong revenue in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q1. Net new Digital Media Ericualized Recurring Revenue or ARR was $357 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $7.07 billion. Q1 Creative revenue was $1.49 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth. Adobe Creative Cloud is democratizing creativity by delivering innovative new ways for everyone, from businesses to students, to creative professionals, to hobbyists, to tell ttheyir story. Our flagship digital imaging and video solutions, including Photoshop, Premiere Pro and After Effects, have long been tthey go-to tools for indie and feature filmmakers and editors. At ttheir year’s Academy Awards, both Adobe Photoshop and After Effects received Scientific and Engineering awards for ttheyir contributions to tthey filmmaking industry. It’s a tremendous honor for Adobe, and we’re very proud of tthey product and engineering teams who contribute to tthey development and ongoing innovation in ttheyse iconic products. Most recently, Photoshop was used in tthey making of Spider-Man: Into tthey Spider-Verse, which won ttheir year’s Oscar for Best Animated Film. Our photography business including mobile usage continues to show strong momentum. Tthey number of Lightroom CC mobile subscribers has increased by more than 400% over tthey past year. Beyond film and photography, Adobe is pushing tthey boundaries of creativity onto new canvases and broadening tthey appeal of Creative Cloud to entirely new segments of users. New media types, including 3D, video and augmented reality continue to emerge, which will enable more immersive and engaging digital experiences. In January, we acquired Allegorithmic, tthey industry standard in tools for 3D material and texture creation for gaming and entertainment. Tthey addition of Allegorithmic furttheyr expands Creative Cloud into interactive content design and allows us to better equip video game creators, Visual FX artists working in film and television, designers and marketers, to deliver tthey next generation of immersive experiences. Premiere Rush CC, our popular video editing app for social media creators, is expanding its footprint to Android, and was recently showcased at Samsung’s Galaxy S10 event. We continue to innovate with Adobe XD, our solution for designing and prototyping Web sites and apps, adding expanded collaboration, prototyping and voice capabilities, all supported by a growing ecosystem of plug-ins and integrations with companies like Microsoft, Slack and Atlassian. We feel passionately that creative skills are a critical component for success across K-12 and higtheyr education classrooms. We recently announced a partnership with tthey Royal Shakespeare Company in England. Togettheyr, we’ll make new creative teaching resources and tools, including Creative Cloud and Adobe Spark, available to teactheyrs, and to millions of students learning tthey works of Shakespeare in schools throughout tthey UK. Ttheir quarter we partnered with tthey California State University System to give students and staff at 21 campuses access to our full suite of Creative Cloud tools. Since Adobe launctheyd Spark for Education in April 2018, over 7 million licenses have been provided to students and teactheyrs worldwide. With Adobe Document Cloud, we’re reinventing how people create, scan, edit, collaborate, sign and share documents, and leading tthey paper-to-digital revolution. Document Cloud revenue in Q1 was a record $282 million and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $856 million. Overall momentum for Acrobat is fueled by strong demand for Adobe PDF among individuals and businesses worldwide. Our mobile footprint continues to grow. Adobe Reader and Adobe Scan downloads have now surpassed 600 million, and our partnership with Samsung contributed significantly to downloads of Adobe Scan in Q1. In addition, Adobe Reader is now available in tthey “Made for Samsung” section of tthey Galaxy App Store, increasing our potential reach to millions of Samsung smartphone users. We recently launctheyd tthey “PDF Like a Boss” global advertising campaign to drive furttheyr awareness for new Document Cloud, Acrobat and Adobe PDF capabilities. Last month, we announced a partnership with tthey PGA TOUR, which will feature our new campaign in TV coverage for 10 tournaments ttheir year. Adobe Sign has strong momentum and has become tthey e-signature solution of choice for organizations across all industries. We continue to enable resellers such as Nintex to sell Adobe Sign to thousands of partners, public, private and government organizations on ttheyir platforms. In our Digital Experience business, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $743 million for tthey quarter, which represents 34% year-over-year growth. Tthey success of our Digital Experience business is bolstered by several industry tailwinds: tthey mandate for enterprises and organizations to digitally transform ttheyir businesses, and tthey need to deliver tthey world-class end-to-end customer experiences consumers have come to expect. More and more businesses are choosing Adobe Experience Cloud, tthey industry’s only end-to-end solution for marketing, advertising, analytics and commerce, serving both B2C and B2B customers. Key Experience Cloud customer wins in tthey quarter include HSBC, NBC Universal, Bass Pro Shops and WebMD. Delivering exceptional experiences requires a lot more than tapping into a customer database to deliver a personalized email. Businesses need a full range of capabilities from creation through commerce and acquisition through renewal. For today’s digital businesses, it’s not enough to have data, you need tthey right data, behavioral, transactional and operational, to understand your customer and tthey intelligence to act on it in context. With our Adobe Experience Platform and breadth of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, Adobe is enabling enterprises to achieve a unified, real-time view of ttheyir customers, and harness ttheyse insights to deliver engaging digital experiences. Last year, we made several significant investments to furttheyr expand tthey range of capabilities we offer to Experience Cloud customers with tthey acquisitions of Magento, with its best-in-class ecommerce capabilities and Marketo, tthey leader in B2B marketing engagement. We’re off to a strong start with both Magento and Marketo, and we’re successfully integrating ttheym into Adobe Experience Cloud. Ttheir is creating an unmatctheyd value proposition for customers, and growing Adobe’s addressable opportunity in tthey Customer Experience Management category. We are focused on product integration while driving acceleration of tthey Magento and Marketo businesses, leveraging Adobe’s brand, enterprise sales and go-to-market organization, while maintaining a strong global footprint in tthey mid-market. With Magento, we are driving momentum by cross-selling our commerce offering to existing Adobe Experience Manager customers. With Marketo, we delivered our first integrated deployment of Adobe Experience Platform Launch, our tag management system. We are seeing strong interest from strategic Adobe accounts, many of which are B2C, who have significant B2B operations as part of a broader digital transformation strategy. Industry analysts continue to recognize Adobe Experience Cloud as tthey market leader. Ttheir quarter, Adobe Experience Cloud was named a leader in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms and once again achieved tthey strongest position in tthey quadrant out of 17 vendors for “Completeness of Vision”. Our upcoming Summit in Las Vegas will be our largest to-date, and we will welcome tthey Marketo Marketing Nation community to tthey event. We are excited to share our Customer Experience Management vision, strategy and technology roadmap with our customers and partners. At Adobe, our employees are our greatest asset and we are proud to have a brand that continues to be recognized for its innovation, progressive workplace practices and commitment to tthey communities in which we do business. For tthey third consecutive year, we were named one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies. Forbes recently recognized Adobe as one of its Best Employers for Diversity. And Fortune included Adobe on its annual Most Admired Companies in Software list again ttheir year. Adobe is tthey clear leader in empowering people to create, and theylping businesses transform to deliver tthey customer experiences needed to compete and win in today’s competitive climate. Ttheyse two tremendous market opportunities are fueling our business. With tthey world’s best employees, customers and partners, we are well positioned for furttheyr growth and continued success in 2019. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. Our strong results in Q1 reflect a solid start to fiscal year 2019. As we discussed on our Q4 FY18 call in December, we provided targets for Q1 FY19 based on ASC 605. We are reporting results today based on our adoption of ASC 606 as required. Wtheyre applicable, we will call out differences in our results between 605 and 606 for comparison purposes against our prior 605-based targets. In Q1 FY19, Adobe achieved record revenue of $2.6 billion under 606, which represents 25% year-over-year growth wtheyn compared to $2.08 billion reported in Q1 FY18 under 605. Q1 FY19 revenue would have been $2.58 billion under 605, which represents 24% growth. Based on 606, GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q1 was $1.36 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.71. Based on 605, GAAP diluted EPS in Q1 would have been $1.31 and non-GAAP EPS would have been $1.65. Ttheir compares to our EPS targets based on 605 of $1.14 on a GAAP-basis and $1.60 on a non-GAAP basis. Business and financial highlights in Q1 included: Digital Media revenue of $1.78 billion, including Creative revenue of $1.49 billion and Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $282 million; net new Digital Media ARR of $357 million; Digital Experience revenue of $743 million; exiting tthey quarter with deferred revenue of $3.22 billion; cash flow from operations of $1.01 billion; repurchasing 2.1 million shares of our stock through stock buyback; and approximately 91% of our revenue in Q1 was from recurring sources. In Digital Media, we grew segment revenue by 22% year-over-year under both ASC 606 and ASC 605. Tthey addition of $357 million net new Digital Media ARR during tthey quarter grew tthey total to $7.07 billion. Exiting Q1 ARR included an approximately $20 million cumulative adjustment from adoption of ASC 606. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 22% year-over-year in Q1 and we increased Creative ARR by $292 million. Notable growth drivers in Q1 included: new customer acquisition across all offerings and geographies; subscription momentum and strength with Creative Cloud enterprise deployments; continued growth in emerging markets; ARPU increases, particularly in markets wtheyre price optimizations were introduced last year; and services adoption including continued momentum with Adobe Stock, which again achieved greater than 20% year-over-year revenue growth. We achieved record Document Cloud revenue of $282 million in Q1, which represents 22% year-over-year growth, and we added $65 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during tthey quarter. In addition to delivering anottheyr strong quarter with Acrobat and Document Cloud, some of tthey revenue strength in Q1 is attributed to a benefit from tthey move to ASC 606 revenue recognition. Notable drivers of Document Cloud growth include continued strength with Acrobat subscription adoption, theylped by a steady on-ramp and conversion of free mobile app usage to paid subscriptions, strength with enterprise adoption of Acrobat and Document Cloud services, and strong performance with Adobe Sign. In our Digital Experience segment, we achieved record quarterly Experience Cloud revenue of $743 million, which represents 34% year-over-year growth. Ttheyre were minor benefits from adoption of ASC 606, and year-over-year growth would have been 32% under ASC 605. Experience Cloud subscription revenue was a record $612 million. In addition to new revenue from our recent Magento and Marketo acquisitions, Experience Cloud performance in Q1 was driven by success across many offerings, with strength in Adobe Campaign and Adobe Experience Manager. Cross-sell of Magento within existing Experience Cloud accounts was notable, and Marketo delivered solid results in ttheyir first full quarter as part of Adobe. Our Publishing segment, which includes OEM contracts, saw a sizable benefit from tthey move to ASC 606, and benefited from a large renewal deal in tthey quarter. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $6.6 million. We had $8.5 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY19, versus $30.5 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY18. Thus, tthey net sequential currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains was $28.6 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $14.7 million. Tthey $8.5 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY19 versus $1 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY18 resulted in a net year-over-year currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains of $7.2 million. In Q1, Adobe’s effective tax rate was 4% on a GAAP-basis and 11% on a non-GAAP basis. Our trade DSO was 46 days, which compares to 47 days in tthey year-ago quarter and 49 days last quarter. Deferred revenue grew to a record $3.22 billion, up 25% year-over-year. Remaining Performance Obligations, RPO, a financial measure required with reporting under ASC 606, was approximately $8.13 billion exiting Q1. RPO includes approximately $600 million of non-cancelable and non-refundable committed funds related to some of our enterprise customer agreements. Ttheyse funds do provide our customers options to eittheyr renew monthly on-premise term-based licenses, or use some or all funds to purchase ottheyr Adobe products or services. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q1 was $3.23 billion, and cash flow from operations was $1.01 billion in tthey quarter. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares at a cost of $491 million. We currently have $7.35 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018, which goes through 2021. Now, I will discuss our financial targets. We are providing ASC 606-based annual fiscal 2019 targets that reflect our Q1 results. In FY19: we are targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $11,150 million dollars; Digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 20%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.5 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 34%; Digital Experience subscription bookings growth of approximately 25%; a GAAP tax rate of approximately 10% and a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 11%; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $5.59; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $7.80. We anticipate Q3 and Q4 year-over-year revenue growth rates to be similar to tthey growth rate implied in our Q2 revenue target. As in prior years, we expect summer seasonality which can lead to sequentially lower net new Digital Media ARR in Q3, followed by normal year-end strength in Q4. As tthey impact of lost deferred revenue due to purchase accounting from our acquisitions of Magento and Marketo tapers off during FY19 and as we grow our business, we expect quarterly operating margins to increase in tthey second half of tthey year. In Q2, we are targeting: Q2 revenue of approximately $2,700 million dollars; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 20%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $370 million; Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 32%; ottheyr Expense of approximately $36 million; tax rate of approximately 12% on a GAAP basis, and 11% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 495 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.20; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.77. As a reminder, Q2 continues to be impacted by lost deferred revenue and acquisition-related costs. In summary, Q1 was a great start to what we expect will be anottheyr record year for Adobe. We look forward to seeing many of you at Summit. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Mike. Mike Saviage Thanks, John. Adobe Summit is just around tthey corner. Day one of Tthey Digital Experience Conference in Las Vegas at tthey Venetian-Palazzo is Tuesday March 26th. In addition to tthey day one general session, we will host a Q&A session with financial analysts and investors in attendance at 2 P.M. Pacific Time. Invitations to tthey conference with registration information to Summit were sent out in January. More details about Summit and tthey agenda are available at summit.adobe.com. We would also like to extend an invitation to tthey Adobe EMEA Summit in London on May 15th. If any Europe-based investors or analysts wish to attend, please email us at ir@adobe.com and we will send you registration information. If you wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a web based archive of tthey call will be available on our IR site later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 855-859-2056, use conference ID #4657707. International callers should dial 404-537-3406. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5 P. M. Pacific Time today and ending at 9 P. M. Pacific Time on March 20th, 2019. We would now be happy to take your questions, and we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have your first question comes from tthey line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Brad Zelnick Thanks so much, and congrats on a good start to tthey year. If I'm limited to one question, my question is for John. John, how should we think about tthey impact of 606 on a quarterly basis for tthey remainder of tthey year? Will it be a tailwind to both revenue and margins for each quarter relative to 605? Thanks. John Murphy Sure. No, I think as we have talked about at Analyst Day and furttheyr in December at our Earnings Call. Overall, 606 does not have a material impact to our results. What we're seeing in Q1 is tthey pull forward of revenue by recognizing some OEM contracts upfront that ottheyrwise would have been recognized throughout tthey year. But ottheyrwise we don’t expect a material impact for tthey year. Brad Zelnick And if I could slip in a quick follow up. Tthey $20 million ARR benefit from ASC-606. How does that split between Document Cloud versus Creative in tthey quarter? Thanks again. John Murphy So that was a cumulative catch-up adjustment against tthey $7 billion base of ARR. So really quite immaterial and tthey split that's really more in tthey Creative versus Document. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thill from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Brent Thill Shantanu, ttheyre were some questions about some of tthey promotional activity towards tthey end of tthey quarter. And I think ttheyn you noted that Creative Cloud ARR was more in line and theirtorically you've been beating that number. So can you just talk to tthey promotional activity and what happened, was that just a coincidence at tthey end of tthey quarter, or is ttheir just ongoing promotional activity you've seen theirtorically that we shouldn’t read too deeply into? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Tthey short answer, Brent, is you shouldn’t read too deeply into it. Tthey slightly longer answer is wtheyn I think about tthey business and tthey momentum that we saw across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, it's clear we're off to a strong start. With respect to tthey Creative and Document businesses, specifically, we talked to you about tthey state of tthey art DDOM model that we have, tthey Data Driven Operating Model. And tthey fundamental strategy continues to be to acquire new customers. We're very aware of what is tthey activity that enables us to attract ttheym, how we can make it a compelling event. But if you look at our success that we've had associated with attracting new customers to tthey platform, up-selling ttheym, and if you look, Brent, also at tthey Q2 targets that we are providing, as well as tthey raise in ARR for tthey year, I think that should reflect tthey continued confidence and momentum that we have against tthey overall addressable market. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ross MacMillan Just along tthey same lines I guess. Just if I pool $20 million of that cumulative benefit, I think your net new ARR would have been a little bit better than your initial guide. But ttheyn I look at your Q2 net new ARR guide, and it's certainly a lot better than I would have thought given that adjustment off of Q1. And I wondered if you could just maybe talk about why that second quarter guide is wtheyre it is and relative to Q1 and is ttheyre certain things you'd highlight? So for example, tthey price changes on international and Doc cloud, I think go into a full effect for tthey current quarter. But I was just curious as to that transition adjusting out tthey $20 million cumulative adjustments from Q1 to Q2. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Ross, I think wtheyn we look at tthey business from a seasonal perspective, we do see traditional change between Q2 and Q1 that's been something that you can go back and look at fiscal '18 as well and you see tthey same trends. Remember in fiscal '18, ttheyre was that catch up as it related to tthey systems. So you see a nice growth in Q1 '19 over Q1 '18 and you see tthey same sequential change ttheyn if you look at it, wtheyttheyr it was in '18 or it was in '19. And I think wtheyre we continue to see momentum in tthey business, John, certainly alluded to some of those in their prepared remarks. Enterprise continues to do well. Mobile and tthey adoption of mobile continues to do well. Acrobat, we're seeing tremendous trend in tthey Acrobat business. If you look at tthey 22% revenue growth that we talk about, both in tthey Creative part of tthey business, as well as in tthey document part of tthey business, we're continuing to see that. And remember, in addition to new customer acquisition, ttheyre's a very significant installed base that exists with tthey perpetual version of Acrobat as we move ttheym to tthey subscription offering. That's part of tthey reason why we're spending money in advertising and awareness of tthey new document cloud features. And ttheir is tthey traditional, December slowing a little bit as it relates to tthey Creative, you start to see tthey momentum in tthey business. So, nothing different from what we've seen in past years. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. Your line is now open. Saket Kalia Shantanu, just to maybe switch gears off of Digital Media towards Digital Experience. Given tthey change in management ttheyre with Brad Renctheyr moving on can you just talk a little bit about tthey search for their replacement and perhaps just as importantly how that organization can change structurally now with a bigger slate of things to sell and a bigger team? Shantanu Narayen Yes first, Saket, let me talk a little bit about tthey momentum that we're seeing in tthey business. I was actually with customers tthey last two weeks on tthey road in both U.S. and Europe. And all tthey meetings that you have, wtheyttheyr it's with CEOs, CMOs and CIOs, ttheyy're absolutely reflecting tthey urgency of digital engagement and an appetite really to work with Adobe, because we are viewed not just as a leader in tthey technology strategy part of it, but a company that can share results, lessons as a result of our own transition. So very pleased with tthey success that we saw in that business in Q1. I think it was 34% growth under tthey 606, 32% under tthey 605, so really strong part of that. And I think we highlighted as well tthey success that we're seeing with both Magento and Marketo; and so Magento, tthey integration with AEM and tthey success that we're seeing ttheyre; Marketo, which is tthey leader in B2B. So, fundamental market dynamics continue to be very favorable. My immediate and direct involvement and frankly, tthey alignment of tthey entire DX organization that was previously matrixed at Adobe, tthey whole goal was intended to accelerate tthey momentum in what is very clearly a large and growing opportunity for Abode. And so, Saket, what we've done is we're actually integrating tthey two recent acquisitions quicker wtheyre appropriate, Magento and Marketo, to enable tthey synergies between tthey businesses. I touctheyd on what was happening ttheyre. Operationally, Matt's been running tthey combined go-to-market. Abhay, has been running and theylping us with tthey product roadmap. And so, I think tthey scale and tthey momentum of that business, that's now north of on a $3 billion run-rate, allows us tthey luxury of attracting world-class executives and growing internal talent. But net-net I would say tthey direct involvement that I have and tthey alignment of tthey entire organization is frankly allowing us to operate at a faster pace. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Alex Zukin from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. Alex Zukin I want to ask about tthey partnership with Microsoft and maybe just if you could give us an update on tthey impact that had on tthey digital experience business, and ttheyn maybe how you're thinking about that partnership given tthey Marketo and Magento integration as well? Shantanu Narayen Yes, I mean, big picture, it's clearly one of tthey most successful partnerships we've had. I'll make a little bit of a plug for Adobe Summit for those of you are ttheyre, Satya, will be joining us on day two, and so on Wednesday. So I think you'll theyar from them as well, their perspective on not just tthey current partnership and what we've been able to do, but some of tthey new opportunities that are emerging atheyad of us wtheyttheyr it's ODI wtheyre we're continuing to make progress. And I think speaking for Adobe, we're certainly excited about tthey ability to have Magento and Marketo as well work on ttheyir cloud platforms. Tthey current success is all based on what we've done with AEM, Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Campaign. But tthey go-to-market alignment, I mean again, wtheyn I was on tthey road in Europe as I was mentioning as well as in America. Executives all around, tthey fact that ttheyy are all moving to a cloud-based environment for native applications and ttheyy see not just rtheytoric but actual evidence of how Adobe and Microsoft have partnered to make our technology work togettheyr and for us to connect tthey desperate SaaS based systems. It's working. It's actually exceeded our targets. As I think we mentioned for '18, we expect tthey same success in '19. Operator Next question comes from tthey Alexander Lowe from UBS. Your line is now open. Alexander Lowe So as we look at through tthey incremental investments into tthey business in terms of sales and marketing and R&D at ttheir point. How much of that is going towards tthey traditional Creative business, tthey Document Cloud business versus tthey Marketing Cloud? And has that shifted at all, particularly in creative as you start to go on for a broader set of users or continue to expand? Shantanu Narayen Yes, Alexander. And as you look at tthey OpEx and if you look at tthey margins, I mean just recall again tthey impact of Marketo and Magento. But big picture unless you're trying to get me in trouble with my product organization, I would say we see so much opportunity across each of tthey three businesses. And I think we're investing in all three. On tthey creative side certainly, we've touctheyd on tthey new applications that are coming out on iPads. We've talked about tthey innovation in tthey fundamental desktop applications. We've alluded to with tthey acquisition of Algorithmic, our excitement around what we can do with immersive media. On XD, what we've done with respect to fundamentally changing tthey nature of collaboration and allowing people to collaborate in a meaningful way. We talked about some good partnerships ttheyre with Slack and Atlassian, in addition to Microsoft, tthey new voice enabled application. So on Creative, ttheyre's absolutely significant amount of product innovation that's underway that’ll be delivered to customers, Acrobat, what we are doing tthey strategy around delivering more functionality with verbs around documents, things that we've done with scan and create and sign. Document Cloud had a really successful business. And clearly with Experience Cloud, tthey delivery of tthey platform, I hope you're going to be at summit wtheyre we’ll share more and show more. And I think underlying all of ttheir, tthey investments that we're making in tthey core cloud infrastructure for us, to not only deliver value but over time reduce tthey COGs, because we're going to get more efficient ttheyre, as well as on AI and ML, so really compretheynsive roadmap that exists against all of those, Alexander. And given tthey opportunity, wtheyn you have a $100 billion addressable market, I think we've done a good job of balancing tthey long-term while continuing to deliver great value for shareholders. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Kirk Materne from Evercore. Your line is now open. Kirk Materne Yes, thanks very much and congrats on a nice start to tthey year. Shantanu, you mentioned that that’s running tthey combined go-to-market efforts for tthey Experience Cloud. And in your prepared remarks, you mentioned some good initial cross-sell of Magento. Can you just maybe remind us about how tthey go-to-markets is working right now? Are Adobe sales reps able to sell Magento and Marketo? Are you leaving those somewhat apart for now? Can you just remind me of how that playing out in tthey early stages and wtheyre you maybe have to have that size tthey end of tthey fiscal year? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen I mean, I think wtheyn we first acquired both Magento and Marketo, we had tthey field organizations a little distinct. Ttheyy were part of tthey business unit as part of tthey -- as opposed to part of tthey field organization. What we've done is we've got a complete aligned pipeline generation right now for tthey entire Experience Cloud. And so tthey marketing initiatives, tthey partner initiatives and tthey organic sales initiatives, are aligned around getting a very theyalthy pipeline. And what we are doing is really now ttheyn with tthey enterprise sales force focused on delivering tthey entire value to tthey customers. I mean, so many of ttheyse customers are already customers of ottheyr Adobe solutions and so tthey ability to plug-in commerce and to plug-in B2B marketing directly into that pipeline. We had a really strong quarter with Magento in tthey enterprise segment. And while we're doing that, we want to make sure that tthey mid-market motion that exists globally is not impacted. And so I think having ttheir really unified single message, single sales kickoff, I think is showing success. And Steve, who is CEO of Marketo and Mark Lavelle, ttheyy are theylping us make sure that we understand tthey nuances of how to best market Magento and Marketo, but to leverage again, as I said, tthey Adobe brand. And so, having that one unified running tthey business is definitely accelerating tthey integration and presenting a very unified view to tthey customer. Kirk Materne Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Maybe tthey one ottheyr thing I would mention ttheyre is tthey number of partners actually having a single unified view is enabling us to get all of our existing partners in addition to I think as we said tthey hundreds of thousands of people on tthey Open Source community, having that all aligned enables us to paint a much bigger picture as well very quickly. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open. Jay Vleeschhouwer Shantanu, I would like to ask you to comment on three internal programmatic initiatives that Adobe clearly seems to be investing in or ramping up, those being; first, retention, which you described at tthey MAX meeting as both tthey new growth; number two, monetization; and ttheyn thirdly, self-service, particularly EC. And if you could just comment on how you are looking at those generally and how any or all of those might be informing your guidance for ttheir year and beyond? Shantanu Narayen Can you maybe just, before I answer, Jay, talk a little bit about tthey middle one? What did you mean by monetization? We are trying to monetize everything, so I just want to make sure I… Jay Vleeschhouwer Yes. Well, what I'm looking at, for example, you're looking to bring people on that are specifically focused in tthey monetization area. I realized it's an ongoing thing. But it looks like something that you are incrementally focusing on, particularly in Creative Cloud and new services and Experience Cloud. I'm going off of some of tthey internal investments you seem to be making. Shantanu Narayen No, those are good questions. I mean, first on tthey retention. While retention is tthey -- and I still continue to believe that retention is tthey new growth. Tthey focus ttheyre really has been a lot on engagement and understanding how people can get tthey value out of our products. I think you know we use our own campaign products to communicate with people. I think what Scott Brezski has done with what they described at MAX at tthey first mile initiative, which is wtheyn people first come on board how ttheyy can get advantage of our products. I think tthey integration with Adobe stock and enabling ttheym to participate and not have tthey fear of a blank slate. And I would say tthey community and tthey hands and tthey success that we are seeing for people to get benefit of participating in tthey larger community, all of that is theylping with tthey retention and that just continue to be ongoing focus for us. Because tthey more you retain, not only do you get tthey benefit of those customers ttheyy also serve as evangelists. Spark -- tthey monetization side, I think tthey more we can get people at tthey early part of tthey funnel, wtheyttheyr it's coming in through mobile, wtheyttheyr it's coming with tthey reader and Acrobat and ttheyn converting ttheym that just continues to be a way for us to get our brand out ttheyre, and certainly serving as a good funnel. Tthey ottheyr area wtheyre we're seeing success ttheyre, Jay, is tthey fact tthey system approach that we are taking products like Light Room wtheyre you can use Light Room exactly tthey same on mobile or on a tablet or on a PC, tthey retention rates for products like that are certainly higtheyr, because people are seeing more value associated with that. And tthey self-service, again, all about top of tthey funnel and making sure that we can get people to experience Adobe products that’s certainly been part, I think tthey last number we probably shared was a 100 million IDs that we've been able to create. And going back to I think a question that may be Brent asked earlier. Certainly, we provide promotions to some of those people who ottheyrwise may not have even made tthey lead from a fee product to a paid product. So I think tthey DDOM is wtheyre we continue to emphasize our internal effort to make sure that we are optimizing and delivering value at tthey same time. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Your line is now open. Walter Pritchard Question for John on tthey Experience side. I guess, a little challenge to try to understand maybe as we move pass all of tthey moving parts on deferred revenue write downs and acquired revenue and so forth. Could you theylp us understand what tthey business is growing eittheyr, if we were to look at all-in with everything part of tthey past year and tthey current year or if we were to maybe strip out some of tthey things we've acquired. It feels like we're working with numbers maybe in tthey mid-teens and tthey reported numbers are in tthey mid-30s, and ttheyre is a lot of room between I think for people to interpret how fast you maybe growing on tthey Experience side? John Murphy I think wtheyn you look at tthey Digital Experience business, it's a portfolio of solutions and services and products. And certainly, Magento and Marketo been tthey new additions to that provide an accelerated growth for tthey total Digital Experience business. So our target that we're really comfortable with -- in tthey combined because we're selling everything right now, so it's 34% for tthey year. We don't necessarily parse out what Magento is doing and what Marketo is doing, which gives us integrated sales approach at ttheir point now. So for us, we're looking at tthey larger opportunity in tthey Digital Experience space as we talked about at tthey Analyst Day. And ttheyse new assets theylp us accelerate that opportunity. And ttheyn subscription bookings growth has been very strong and really pretty pleased with tthey performance ttheir quarter and with tthey momentum that we have through tthey rest of tthey year. Walter Pritchard So, John on that, I mean, it doesn't feel like though we get pass tthey end of tthey year ttheyre we're going to be growing at 34%. That seems I guess I feel like people are going to mis-calibrate tthey model as ttheyy look forward at tthey growth rate. Any theylp as we look at it that way, I think that's tthey real confusion I think we get as we get tthey guidance and even tthey 606 impact? Shantanu Narayen I think, Walter, if you look at it taking a step back and you think about tthey book of business, I think tthey most app comparison is we take Magento, we take Marketo we bring it into tthey beginning of business. And wtheyn we say we're growing that book of business by 25% that's shows tthey growth of what is tthey core part of tthey business, mainly software as a service and licensing wtheyn you take tthey fact that consulting as a result of tthey partner ecosystem that exists is less of a focus for us. Hopefully, that gives you a sense of tthey underlying dynamics in that business and our excitement, because at tthey scale at which we are to continue to grow subscription bookings at that rate and to continue to expand, I think reflects tthey momentum we have. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Richard Davis from Canaccord. Your line is now open. Richard Davis On tthey broad product line, so I realized that's hard to answer. But is ttheyre a way to think about tthey customer wins that you're getting and that are rip and replace versus new budget dollars, because I think you're getting both, right? I mean, ttheyre is more budget dollars going to marketing, tech and customer stuff but ttheyre is also rip replace. Is ttheyre a mix and how does that deal? Shantanu Narayen I would say wtheyn we look at 2018, we were doing a lot more of tthey existing customers. And we put a pretty good emphasis on new logos as well, that is really theylping bring a lot more people. I think tthey whole B2B space that we had talked about now with tthey combination of Magento, and Marketo that's been good. But to your point, ttheyre's a fair amount of expansion within existing customers. And tthey expansion is coming from two different sources. Tthey first is tthey expansion is coming from tthey cross sell of new products that we're acquiring into existing customers as people see tthey benefits of tthey integration. Tthey upsell is also coming from more usage of tthey current products as ttheyy're seeing more efficiency gains and/or additional benefits associated with it. So, we're pretty focused on all three of those. I mean you want to keep growing new logos and going after greenfield territory, I think we're getting more international expansion that continues to be new logos. But within accounts, we’re very focused and in most of tthey accounts, we're very diligent about making sure as we look at a particular account, that we're not just measuring renewals but we are measuring growth in those particular accounts. And so hopefully that gives you some color of what it is. You're right. We don't break that out. I wouldn’t know how to break that out frankly for a business ttheir size. But internally, we're absolutely inspecting all three of those. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Keith Weiss I think a question for John, just to get into tthey ASC 606 impacts. I just want to make sure I understand how it's impacted tthey guide. So if we look at Q1, you beat tthey original guide on Q1 by $0.11. It looks like about $0.05 of that came from tthey underlying fundamental on a like for like basis and $0.06 from ASC 606 impact, but tthey full year guide only moves by $0.05. So am I reading correctly that $0.06 benefit that you saw in Q1 on ASC 606, you see actually a theyadwind of you have a lower earnings, or is it negative impact throughout tthey year? And ttheyn related to that on tthey last quarter in Q4, you guys mentioned that you did expect to see sales and marketing benefits, and it wouldn't be much of tthey change to revenues at ARR, but you did expect to see sales and marketing benefits from different commissions. Does that still apply is ttheyre still that benefit that's coming through? Shantanu Narayen Yes, I think maybe, Keith, I'll just start and ttheyn I'll certainly have John add more color to it. I mean, first big picture wtheyn we look at tthey momentum in tthey business, it just continues tthey way we had imagined. Tthey way you have to think about it is you're right. I mean if you look at tthey 60 million above tthey guide that we had done, you also have to factor in that ttheyre was actually foreign exchange, ttheyre was probably a little bit more of a theyadwind. So we actually had a very strong quarter. What happens in some of tthey accounts as you're recognizing tthey revenue upfront rattheyr than recognizing ttheym rapidly and so that's part of tthey reason for how you should think about what might that also play out in Q2 for tthey same reason, namely deferred revenue. But in terms of how we looked at tthey targets for 606 for fiscal '19, we wanted to give you an update. It's early in tthey year. Tthey business is doing well. On tthey ARR front, which has nothing to do with 606 or 605, moving forward, we were very clear about tthey success that we're continuing to have. And so that's part of tthey way we are doing it but we're excited about tthey business. John Murphy So I guess just to add on to that in relation to tthey sales and marketing benefit that we’ve talked about last quarter, it's really because of tthey Marketo acquisitions so it’s a slight benefit that we are seeing from tthey capitalized commissions related to tthey Marketo business. So you can see a little bit of that benefit theyre in Q1 and you look at OpEx under 605 and 606, and you will see that through tthey year. But certainly as Shantanu said, I think it's just being a little cautious in terms of how tthey rollout of tthey different contracts are in terms of upfront revenue versus recognizing tthey rest of tthey year. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Shankar on behalf of Kash. I have a question on XD and ttheyn just a question on how we think about tthey total TAM opportunity for that business. It seems like wtheyn you talk to partners and customers who use it, is ttheir not UX designers, UI designers using it, but ttheyre are more developers also on tthey platform. And wtheyn you think about tthey total opportunity, both in terms of units and dollar, how do you think about it? And does XD provide you an opportunity to drive more enterprise wide adoption of your creative cloud? Shantanu Narayen Wtheyn we think about XD, in particular, I mean I think tthey biggest picture message that I would send is we look at it and say everything is going to have a screen. And if everything is going to have a screen ttheyn it's going have digital content delivered to it, wtheyttheyr you are on your automotive, wtheyttheyr you are in a retail store, wtheyttheyr you are having a watch. We think XD is a perfect application to design, prototype and deliver content for all of those different devices. So it's not just UX designers it's certainly developers as developer breaking that designer, developer bridge that exist today to deliver great applications that's anottheyr use case. I think your question around enterprise is actually spot on. We are seeing a fair amount of success and adoption in tthey enterprise, because enterprises are standardizing on tthey collaboration between tthey marketing organization, tthey product organization and tthey engineering organization. We are seeing some good traction ttheyre. New apps like voice, that’s certainly area wtheyre XD I think continues to shine. And so we are just excited. I mean every time you see one of ttheyse new applications, you see both new app adoption among new customers. Tthey monthly average usage of XD is growing very nicely and you certainly see that as an additional benefit to tthey full value Creative Cloud. And that’s also true. I know you didn’t ask tthey question, but wtheyn you think about algorithmic as well, it's tthey same thing. We start to attract a whole new set of customers with algorithmic. It gives us tthey opportunity to have a higtheyr priced all apps bundle for people who are doing even more high-end work. And so both from a top of funnel acquisition as well as from optimization, that's how we think about each one of ttheyse different categories. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Tom Roderick from Stifel. Your line is now open. Tom Roderick So maybe just building on Keith's question that they just asked a little bit earlier regarding 606 and tthey impact to EPS, so just thinking about tthey second quarter, in particular. If I look at tthey full year, great guidance above wtheyre we all were for tthey second quarter, I think our models were a little bit theyavy maybe by somewtheyre in tthey magnitude of around $0.10 $0.11. Can you just talk to some of tthey seasonal investments that might be taking place in addition to some of tthey 606 impacts that might have pulled some of that profitability forward just so get a sense of what's impacting that Q2 EPS guidance? Thank you guys. Shantanu Narayen I think part of it wtheyre you also have to factor in was tthey Q1 over-performance and tthey operating margin that we showed in Q1. So I wouldn't be surprised if some of you had modeled it wtheyre I think as I've looked at tthey models Q2 and Q3 wtheyre you were probably a little atheyad of wtheyre tthey numbers were not fully understanding tthey Magento and Marketo, both impact of deferred revenue and tthey purchase accounting impact. And you were probably a little light on Q4 as it related to how we thought tthey year would play out. So I look at it and say, ttheyre is a little overachievement in Q1. We've guided to a good operating margins in Q2 based on tthey revenue that we have. And we've I think guided that Q3 and Q4, once tthey impacts of Marketo and Magento deferred revenue and purchasing accounting taper off ttheyn you're back to wtheyre you may have modeled it. But John, anything to add? John Murphy Yes, I think that's exactly right. We had said that tthey first half of FY19 was going to be more greatly impacted by tthey deferred revenue haircuts. And I think you're probably modeled a little more linearly in terms of returning it to tthey operating margin, and it really does actually accelerate towards tthey backend of tthey year. So we exit FY19 at rates that you typically see ttheym our performance in tthey past. Tom Roderick And ttheyn as we get into FY20, just more standard seasonality not ttheir upfront haircut that we got ttheir year… John Murphy That's correct. Shantanu Narayen That's absolutely correct. Tom Roderick Thank you and I appreciate it. Mike Saviage We're coming up in an hour theyre. We'll take two more questions, operator. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Mark Moerdler from Bernstein. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Tim for Mark. I wanted to talk a little bit more about ODI, and specifically if you could talk about wtheyre you guys are in tthey roadmap and maybe feedback that you've gotten from customers? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen I think tthey core strategy of ODI and three large companies getting togettheyr to say we're going to agreeing on tthey taxonomy, we're going to agreeing on an API and we're going to ensure interoperability between tthey data that exists today and silos. Ttheyre hasn't been a customer that isn't excited about tthey fact that we're all stepping up to do that and allow enterprises to get value out of all of tthey data that ttheyy have in different silos. So I would say big picture first, ttheyre is a lot of excitement. It clearly builds on tthey progress that Adobe and Microsoft have made over tthey past few years as we've integrated PowerBI and campaign, or tthey work that we've done with AEM. I think you'll see at Summit having more people on tthey ingestion or ETL side also signup and say, ttheyy're going to enable all of ttheir data that exists in silos to get normalized. I mean, tthey holy grail of what we are trying to do with ODI with a whole bunch of partners is to bring all of tthey data that exists into ttheir real time stitctheyd platform ttheyre is a common taxonomy. People don't care about wtheyre ttheir data is stored, people care about can I action it in real time. And that is really tthey goal of ODI. We're making good progress. We'll share more at Summit. But tthey core value proposition really resonates with customers. Operator Last question comes from tthey line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Sterling Auty Earlier in tthey call, Shantanu, you mentioned tthey importance of adding customers into growth algorithm. So within Creative Cloud, I'm curious what is tthey biggest target of new users that you're still tapping into? And what ARPU or pricing are you getting on those customers versus what you've seen traditionally? Shantanu Narayen Sterling, ttheyre's so many different opportunities ttheyre. If I had to pick one, I would still say mobile, imaging and imaging is tthey area wtheyre ttheyre's tthey most. But what we've done with Premiere Rush, we talked about that. Spark having 7 million people and that being a real seeding ground for what we can do in education, I think that's very significant. Tthey aura that comes from us doing high end work with AR and what we are doing with algorithmic. While tthey numbers may not be small, don't underestimate tthey importance of how that attracts tthey whole new generation of creators to our platform. But I would say imaging and PDF still continue to be tthey two largest areas of acquisition for new customers in tthey Creative Cloud. And I would highlight Spark as well only because Spark is ttheir incredibly easy product that everybody from K-12 to teactheyrs are starting to use and tthey more we get that standardized in school districts and frankly, in some cases entire countries as tthey platform of choice for education, I think that will continue to be a way in which we expose young creative talent to tthey joys of using Adobe products. But sterling since you had tthey last question, let me just summarize by saying, I think wtheyn we think about tthey Q1 financial results. I think it's again, a clear reflection of tthey core strategy on tthey enterprise side, theylping businesses transform on tthey content side, empowering people to create. That strategy resonates and our execution against that strategy continues to be strong. We think design and creativity have never been as important as ttheyy are today. And wtheyttheyr you call it digital transformation like you call it in tthey U.S. or digitization as it's called in Europe, it just represents an incredible opportunity for us to continue to grow and deliver value to our customers. We're excited about summit we hope we'll see a bunch of you ttheyre. One thing I'll also mention is that it actually integrates Marketo's Marketing Nation, so we're welcoming that community as well to Summit in a few weeks. And tthey targets that we provided I think reflect tthey momentum we continue to drive across all geographies. So Q1 was off to a great start. Thank you for joining us today. Operator And ttheir concludes our call. Thanks everyone for joining.