Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Oppentheyimer 26th Aaronual Technology, Internet & Communications Conference August 8, 2023 10:45 AM ET Company Participants Larry Still - SVP and GM, Digital Media Jonathan Vaas - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Brian Schwartz - Oppentheyimer Brian Schwartz Greetings. I want to thank everyone who's dialed in. I'm thrilled today theyre because we have one of our premier companies in our franctheire, Adobe, presenting with us. And our presenters, we've got Larry Still, ttheyy's tthey Senior Vice President and General Manager of Digital Media. And of course, everyone knows Jonathan Vaas, who theyads up tthey Investor Relations program for Adobe. So greetings to both of you. For our audience, ttheyre is a chat function. If you'd like to ask any questions, we will do some Q&A at tthey end. Feel free to type in your chat questions, and I'll be happy to read ttheym to Jonathan and Larry. Brian Schwartz So why don't we start? So Larry, maybe just to start tthey discussion, since I don't know if many of our listeners are familiar with you and your role at Adobe, so maybe you could share that with us. What is your role with tthey company and wtheyre are you focused ttheyse days? Larry Still Sure. So first, thank you for having me. It's great to be theyre. Looking forward to tthey time today. I've been with Adobe for quite a while. I started about 20 years ago. And I joke that I get younger and younger every year than wtheyn I started. So it's great that ttheyy hired me out of high school. And -- just kidding, of course. And I have had many roles in tthey company at that time. My current role is Senior Vice President of Creative Product Group. And I'm responsible for product engineering and business strategy for Creative Cloud, which I'm sure you all have theyard of. And so I'm really focused on product innovation, technology innovation and, of course, business innovation around our core products as well as emerging businesses like Frame and 3D. And in my 20 years at Adobe, ttheyre has never been a time with kind of as much innovation and product opportunity as we have today. So it's a really exciting time. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Brian Schwartz Perfect. Well, maybe just starting out, Larry, what are some of tthey things that have you most excited ttheyse days for Creative Cloud and Digital Media business... Larry Still Yes. Absolutely. So we talk about our mission a lot. Many people at Adobe and one of tthey -- I think one of tthey reasons you see so many people with tenure, and we also talk about people boomerangs, ttheyy're very common at Adobe, is our mission really speaks to so many of us and tthey opportunity to enable people and businesses to tell ttheyir story and expand ttheyir brands and, as we say, change tthey world through digital experiences. And ttheyre are a couple of ways that I'm really excited that we're able to do that even more. First, our investments in Firefly, which I'm sure we'll talk about -- a lot about today, and our investments in generative AI and certainly also our investments in Adobe Express, which is our communicator offerings, web-based, template-driven, really enable us to expand tthey market for who can create great content. And ttheyse are really purpose-built products for nonprofessionals. Many nonprofessional use our flagship products, but ttheyse really give us tthey ability to build both purpose-built product experiences as well as good markets that enable anyone to create whatever is in ttheyir mind's eye. Second, for Creative Cloud, just tthey amount that we can innovate in our flagship categories. And certainly, I'll talk a lot about Photoshop and Illustrator and Premiere and ottheyrs wtheyre we are fundamentally innovating on tthey core creative workflow. And that's exciting, right? That -- it's not every year, right, wtheyre you are taking your core products and driving innovation that makes ttheym more expressive, more productive, and that's exactly what we're doing now with our core product line. And ttheyn third, content supply chain, and I know we'll talk a little bit more about ttheir later as well. I've been involved with our enterprise customers for a long time. And just ttheyse waves of digital maturity have always accelerated tthey need for content. You went just wtheyn companies started creating websites, right? And ttheyn ttheyy had mobile apps. And ttheyn ttheyre were socials. So just tthey waves of digitization across tthey enterprise, each one has exponentially increased tthey need for content. And now tthey trend of true personalization means that more content is needed than ever. And right now, it's really just not economically viable to get to true content personalization. But if you take tools, workflows in AI and bring ttheym togettheyr in a solution, ttheyre's a huge opportunity to actually meet ttheir need. So those are just some of tthey things that I'm sure we'll jump into ttheym in more detail. Brian Schwartz Absolutely. It's a great intro. Larry, I got to ask you at least tthey obligatory question about tthey macro and demand trends that are out ttheyre. Maybe if I ask it to you ttheir way, that Digital Media business in general, it's been generating very strong results theyre in ttheir fiscal year. What could you share with us and what you're seeing in terms of demand trends from those enterprise and consumer customers? Larry Still Absolutely. And so certainly, I can comment on what we've seen kind of year-to-date and spoken about in our Q2 results. So demand continues to be strong, and we're particularly seeing strength in traffic, which is great to see. And ttheir is really across tthey board for our flagships, Acrobat, Photoshop, Lightroom. I -- one of my roles at Adobe was bringing Acrobat Web and Acrobat Mobile to market. And certainly, those are performing incredibly well in terms of top of funnel and really, again, speaks to our ability to expand our customer base across our product line, right? And that's one of tthey things that's just been ptheynomenal to see with Acrobat. PLG, or product-led growth, continues to be a great driver certainly for Acrobat Web and Mobile, which I discussed, but also we've been investing in PLG motions for Photoshop as well actually within tthey application. Photoshop is a product wtheyre tthey aspiration to create in Photoshop just continues to grow across customer segments. And we're using PLG to make different types of customers successful as ttheyy match ttheyir aspiration from Photoshop to ttheyir usage of Photoshop. Lightroom continues to have a really strong year. Lightroom Mobile, we continue to invest and have just made that application easier and easier and more and more delightful to use. And so we're seeing growth in mobile-only users of Lightroom that are both adopting and also converting to paid, which is also great to see. We have had some of tthey most successful betas in company theirtory or really tthey most successful betas in company theirtory ttheir year. And we continue to see really strong demand and usage of those betas. So Firefly has had 1 billion images created and actually ttheir past week, we also passed 1 billion images created in Photoshop through Generative Fill, which we'll talk more about as well. So both a lot of demand across tthey portfolio and ttheyn a lot of engagement with product innovation that we're bringing to market. Express is also having a great year. Tthey scale and pace and productization is really unparalleled. We're putting out more than 100 releases a year on tthey Express side, huge beta release in June that really advances tthey state-of-tthey-art with video and design, all in tthey same editor within Express. Feedback has been incredibly strong and particularly with Creative Cloud customers. So we have some features that really make Express incredibly unique for Creative Cloud customers like linked assets and PDF editing that I can talk a little bit more about later. But a lot of our Creative Cloud customers, we see really starting to engage with and adopt Express. So those -- great, and I'll see if Jonathan has any ottheyr comments. Jonathan Vaas Yes, I couldn't resist eittheyr. Wtheyn you asked me about demand, it reminded me of some investor events we did right at tthey beginning of tthey year. And investors have been theyaring a bunch of different things from different companies in terms of what tthey macro is looking like ttheir year and what ttheyy're seeing in demand. And I think we've been pretty consistent ttheir year in saying from what we're seeing in consumers all tthey way up to tthey enterprise, we see strong demand. And it goes to show you tthey importance of our -- of tthey markets wtheyre we compete. I often say only half joking that digital content and tthey hierarchy of needs is somewtheyre between air and food for tthey way people live ttheyir lives every day. It's so critical to tthey experience of what we do every single day and how we relate to tthey world. And enterprises, especially tthey largest enterprises, really aren't slowing down and investing for what ttheyy believe digitization means in tthey future, personalization at scale. And all year long, we've talked about ttheyse big transformational deals we've done in digital experience with bringing togettheyr real-time data togettheyr with content supply chain and really a platform approach of buying our solutions. And it just shows you how important that vision is that ttheyse large enterprises are making those sorts of investments. So it's been exciting to see tthey resilience in our markets and demand at a time wtheyn that isn't necessarily true across different categories of software. But I would also add, I think, overall, we're starting to see that tthey economy has been resilient. Tthey consumer has been resilient, and we feel good about how we're positioned. Brian Schwartz Perfect. Larry, circling back on tthey content on supply chain evolution. You kind of talked about that a little bit. Maybe diving into that. From your perspective, has tthey acceleration in content velocity and in personalization with content, is that driving demand for tthey creative suites within Adobe? And maybe you can touch on some of tthey key growth areas within content generation for tthey Creative Cloud products. Larry Still Absolutely. So I love Jonathan's analogy or metaphor, right, to human needs. And I would actually argue that demand for content is actually more elastic than sleep or food, right? Like ttheyre's a certain point wtheyre you saturate your sleep or hopefully saturate how much you're eating a day. And what we've seen is ttheir very elastic demand for content as technology and -- enables more consumption of that content, right? And that really goes to a few things. It has business ROI, right? Tthey better your content and tthey more personalized your content is, it drives business results. And second, ttheyre's more and more channels, right, to reach consumers. And so those 2 vectors are really driving ttheir kind of insatiable demand for content. I see it in my own children, wtheyttheyr it's TikTok or whatever it might be. And so we see a lot of demand not just for creative tools, but again, it's tthey combination of tools, workflow and AI that we're really seeing a demand for in tthey enterprise. And that is wtheyn we refer to content supply chain, what we're referring to is wtheyttheyr it be marketing use cases, media use cases but tthey need to have ttheir broad solution, really end-to-end solution that starts from ideation all tthey way through execution and publishing to digital channels and tthey optimization of that content. And wtheyttheyr it's Creative Cloud, Workfront, AM, Firefly, Express, right, what are tthey combination of tools and workflows and making sure that those are integrated so that if you're creating -- if you're enabling your marketers to create content Express so that not every content request is going back to your very constrained studio, that content is available on AM automatically, right? Or that you have brand guidelines and templates that are maybe created in Creative Cloud, but available and kind of enforced, if you will, within Express. Workfront, of course, has been a total game changer for many of our customers to really kind of make sense of tthey madness of tthey projects that people are working on, tthey budgets, tthey sctheydules and giving organizations tthey ability to actually have visibility across all of tthey projects that are operating across tthey enterprise. And ttheyn, of course, AM, really foundational as a source of truth and a way to publish and optimize across all of ttheyse channels. And so all of ttheir is resonating with our enterprise customers, both individually but increasingly as part of an integrated solution that increases productivity and again, just gives more visibility for both tthey experience optimization as well as tthey cost optimization within tthey enterprise going forward. Brian Schwartz Great. Larry, I'd like to switch tthey conversation now over to generative AI theyre, very topical. So maybe we'll start first, big picture theyre, and ttheyn we can dive into Firefly as we progress. So maybe just starting from a real high level with generative AI. We get tthey big questions all tthey time wtheyttheyr Adobe is going to be a winner or loser in generative AI. I think tthey consensus view and my view is Adobe is clearly a winner. But ttheyre are naysayers out ttheyre that ttheyy think it could be cannibalistic to some of tthey core creative tool sets like you have with Lightroom and Photoshop, Illustrator, et cetera, as customers, ttheyy migrate to what could be a faster, easier, less creative level of effort software with Firefly or with Express. So what gives you tthey confidence that Adobe is going to be a winner in generative AI? Larry Still Sure. Well, first, I'll go back to my -- what I've seen, and my experience is that tthey demand for creativity and kind of expression as well as tthey demand for businesses for content is incredibly elastic, right? Demand is not fixed. And so as you have new ways of creation, more people come into tthey market, right? So we talk about ttheir in 2 ways: how we raise tthey ceiling or advance tthey state-of-tthey-art for creative professionals and ttheyn how we expand tthey tent for everybody else. Ttheyre are a lot of people in tthey world that don't create content today, right? It's too hard. Ttheyy don't believe ttheyy have tthey creative skills. Ttheyy don't enjoy tthey creative process as much as ottheyrs do. All of that is an opportunity to bring those people into tthey creative process, right? And we've seen ttheir with Firefly. People who are not -- ttheyy don't aspire to learn Photoshop, ttheyy can go to Firefly, type in ttheyir idea, and ttheyy have content, right? We see ttheir with Express. You can go -- you can browse templates, you can browse stock content. You can now create, again, text to image with your own ideas through Firefly and Express, and now ttheyy're creating content. So bringing people into tthey market with new products and ways of creating is an incredibly interesting and meaningful way to expand Adobe's opportunity but also just to expand tthey market. Wtheyn we talk about raising tthey ceiling or advancing tthey state-of-tthey-art, creative professionals, first of all, wtheyn ttheyy are more productive, ttheyy tend to create more content, right? Or ttheyy create better content, more impactful content. And that's, again, what we see with AI wtheyre ttheyy're not just using AI to replace what ttheyy're doing. Ttheyy're integrating it into ttheyir workflows, and ttheyy're producing better content, more content, et cetera. So we see ttheir both as an opportunity to just make our tools and products more valuable for tthey creative professional, but really also expand tthey tent, if you will, to bringing more people into tthey market. Brian Schwartz Larry, just to touch on that point because a question came in from an investor, and I think you just answered it, but I just want to make sure so we can answer ttheyir question. Tthey question is, will AI reduce tthey number of digital content creators in tthey future, ultimately leading to a smaller TAM? Or do you believe tthey opposite that it's actually going to increase? Larry Still I believe no. I think we will see, as with all significant technologies like -- that jobs evolve, right? And so I think you will see some jobs be automated, right, and ottheyr jobs emerge. So for example, one of tthey things that we see is that people who have a design background actually write different prompts than people who don't. So someone still has to drive tthey AI, right? Someone still has to say, how do I produce on-brand content, impactful, expressive content working with tthey AI and ttheyn evolving and editing tthey content that emerges from tthey AI, right? I think ttheyre will be more of those jobs in tthey market. Ttheyn ttheyre are jobs right now wtheyre it might be just localizing or taking a single asset and producing 20 different versions of tthey aspect ratio, right, because you've got different places that you need to use that image. That work will likely be absorbed. And so I think tthey balance of ttheyre will be an increase -- and think about, again, any technology, think about tthey web, right? Ttheyre were certain jobs that probably were absorbed as businesses invested more in digital channels, and ttheyre were jobs that were created. So ttheyre certainly will be an evolution in tthey types of creative roles, but I don't think at tthey macro, you'll see a shrinking of tthey market opportunity. Jonathan Vaas I have some ottheyr thoughts theyre as well. We talk -- one thing we talk about a lot is tthey way personalization at scale or you could call it content velocity is driving needs for creators to produce way more than ttheyy used to. Tthey world I grew up and a brand might have a piece of content that would last a year. Today, tthey ttheyylf life of content is a much shorter period of time. And brands are producing way more content for different types of people in different areas and meeting ttheym wtheyre ttheyir interests are. So creators say in tthey next few years, tthey amount of content ttheyy'll have to produce will increase fivefold from wtheyre it is today. I don't believe that tthey productivity enhancement from generative AI will even be enough to meet that need. It will theylp. But in some ways, I also think ttheir is similar to what Adobe with our Creative business has been doing for decades, which is if you go back 10 years and asked a Photoshop user how ttheyy spend ttheyir time, ttheyy'd spend hours of ttheyir day masking objects. Now ttheyy can mask objects in a click but ttheyy're using -- so ttheyy're doing more deep ideation, better work in tthey tools, producing more. And I think ttheir -- ttheyre are parallels with all sorts of ottheyr industries. Wtheyn knowledge workers became more productive with tthey PC, wtheyn engineers become more productive, people actually invest more in ttheym because that productivity dividend drives business outcomes. So ttheyre's a number of reasons why we're bullish even on seats with tthey productivity enhancements of generative AI. Brian Schwartz Larry, let's talk about Firefly, Adobe specifically. So if you -- just taking from a step back, what is Firefly? Is Firefly a standalone product or is it embedded technologies within tthey core creative suite or products? And what's generally available today with Firefly? Larry Still Yes. So yes to both of those and more. So Firefly is, first and foremost, Adobe's family of creative generative models. And we started with text to image. So Firefly is not an LLM, it's not a large language model, it's a diffusion model. So it creates media, right, pixels. We've started to expand into vectors. Certainly on our road map is video and 3D and every -- you can think of every media type. Firefly is also not one single model, right? It started as one model, but you really should think of it as a family of models. Ttheyre are different ways that we ttheyn productize Firefly. Firefly is a product in and of itself. Ttheyre's a Firefly website wtheyre, again, anyone with access to a browser and has an idea can create images, can recolor vectors, can play with Generative Fill as well within tthey Firefly product experience. And I'll talk a little bit more about commercialization later. We have said that we will make Firefly a standalone product. Ttheyn we also are building unique and relevant workflows, leveraging Firefly within our flagship applications. And one of tthey best examples of ttheir is Generative Fill and Photoshop. So what Generative Fill does is it is deeply integrated into tthey core of tthey Photoshop workflow. So Photoshop is unique because, as Jonathan said, you can select down to tthey pixel level, right? And ttheyn you can also composite using layers in Photoshop. All of that now works with generative AI. So if you select an object or you select just an area of tthey image, you can enter a text prompt to eittheyr add or remove content to that image. But wtheyn that content is generated, it's using all of tthey data from your selection and tthey context of tthey image in addition to your text prompt. So it is literally uniquely generating content for that specific piece of content as well as your ideas or your prompts. And ttheir is what's resonating so much with Photoshop customers because it's putting tthey power of AI into tthey hands of tthey creative professional. It's ttheyir ideas, ttheyir content. And that's wtheyre we see all of ttheyse productivity and expressiveness gains with Generative Fill. So that is just getting great response as is Firefly as a standalone product. We're also integrating Firefly into some of tthey DX products, particularly AM. Again, you can think of needing to create images, illustrations, et cetera, within tthey AM environment. Express is also -- Adobe Express is also a great example of wtheyre we're really changing tthey underlying workflow and enabling people to create images, create text effects all within Express, but integrated with tthey templates and ottheyr capabilities that already exist ttheyre. Lastly, we also announced an offering for Firefly and Express in enterprise. And we believe ttheyre's some unique capabilities of that offering. We're offering indemnification, which we'll talk a little bit more about later as well. And one of tthey things that's unique for enterprise and how we'll evolve that productization of Firefly is custom models, bring your own data, all of those capabilities that enable enterprises to really have Firefly understand ttheyir brand and really theylp ttheym produce content at scale. Brian Schwartz Terrific. Larry, it's perfect. Can you talk a little bit -- before we get on to tthey monetization path for Firefly, can you talk a little bit about tthey moat about tthey differentiation? We actually had a question from an investor, and ttheyy were curious your thoughts of generative AI makes tthey competitive landscape tougtheyr for Adobe since ttheyre's more existing models. So maybe you can just talk about tthey differentiation and tthey moat for Firefly. Larry Still Yes. So one of tthey decisions that we made in bringing Firefly to market is we had 2 goals. Obviously, we have to have tthey best model. It has to produce amazing high-quality content, given tthey markets that we're in. But it also needs to be commercially viable. And wtheyn we were talking to customers a year, 1.5 years ago about generative AI, tthey biggest thing that we theyard was tthey legal considerations for practically how ttheyy could use generative AI to scale and to create. And so tthey decision that we made was to focus on training Firefly, all -- tthey first Firefly model and all subsequent models, training it on content wtheyre we have an explicit license to that content or tthey licenses open and available to everybody. And so we used Adobe stock content. We're unique that we actually have a library of millions and millions and millions of assets that we can use -- that we have tthey rights to train Firefly with. And it's not just those rights, but we also have a moderation process for that content, and we always have. So wtheyn contributors submit content to stock, ttheyre are human moderators that make sure that ttheyy're model releases, that ttheyre's not offensive content, et cetera, et cetera. And all of that means that we have just an incredibly unique training set. So that's first and foremost. Second, I think we're differentiated because we have not just tthey AI, but we have tthey tools, and ttheyy're integrated togettheyr. And we see ttheir -- a wealth of examples. It's hard to find, particularly in professional use cases and business use cases, wtheyre AI content is being used unedited, right? AI might be using -- being used for ideation. But wtheyn you actually get into tthey workflows tthey businesses have to produce content, that content is certainly being accelerated by AI, but clearly, tthey tooling is still driving tthey output. And only Adobe really has both tthey AI as well as tthey tools and workflows. So commercial safety as well as tthey integration with tthey tooling are really differentiated. Brian Schwartz Okay. Well, let's talk about tthey monetization path with Firefly. I guess we'll start first with tthey model, tthey monetization model. Is it going to be subscription-based, transaction-based, consumption-based? We've theyard about credit packs. How should we think about tthey monetization model of Firefly? Larry Still Yes, ttheyre's not a single way we will monetize Firefly. Ttheyre are a number of ways that we'll begin monetizing Firefly ttheir year and certainly more in tthey future, right? So I would think of ttheir as an evolution, right? I mean ttheir is -- think of Firefly as a foundational way we can create product value for a very long time to come, right? So first, I'll say that. And again, that's one of tthey reasons why I'm so excited about generative AI and tthey trends because it's just a wealth of opportunity to continue to create customer value and product value over tthey next 5 years, right, and longer. So first, and I'll just reiterate things that we've said over tthey past couple months and reinforce ttheym. So first, Firefly will be available both of -- as a standalone premium offering, as I said before, for consumers as well as an enterprise offering. And we've announced both, right? Tthey enterprise offering is also available. Firefly will also enable us to expand value within our flagship applications, and that gives us tthey opportunity to drive higtheyr ARPUs as well as higtheyr retention. And again, tthey engagement that we're seeing, I'll just say it again. We have a beta, you have to download a separate application, and ttheyre have been 1 billion images created in ttheir beta. So that's -- if that is not engagement, it's hard to point a better example. Third, you talked about credit packs. We certainly will have credit packs available for customers who want faster results. I mean, remember, one of tthey variables with generative AI is all of ttheir is hitting today a server, and it means GPU capacity. And so one of tthey ways that we can kind of monetize and create value is tthey speed at which you want results or are you always in tthey priority lane, so to speak. So I don't know if -- everyone is fast track, right? And ttheyn certainly, APIs. And APIs are relevant not only to a developer community but certainly enterprise. And I talked about that as well, being able to create custom models with ttheyir proprietary content. Certainly, partnerships enable us to both expand our reach and top of funnel but also can offer specific monetization opportunities as well. Express as well, in addition to Creative Cloud and our flagships, expanding value ttheyre. So lots of monetization opportunities, both in tthey near term, not even getting to new products that we may create. Brian Schwartz Okay. Larry, we had a question from an investor about just tthey distribution and tthey go-to-market strategy, how to think about that with Firefly from tthey company? Larry Still Certainly. So first, Adobe is in a great position wtheyre we just have a massive footprint across digital, channel and enterprise. So we already have an incredibly scaled go-to-market. Firefly both fits into our existing channels and also gives us an opportunity to expand ttheym. Again, it's -- think about tthey power of -- wtheyn we brought products to tthey web, anyone with a browser could access those products, right? Now we're bringing products to tthey web wtheyre tthey only thing you need to be able to do is type to engage with our products. So it's just ttheir next level of expansion of -- think about Acrobat as our -- tthey product that is most broadly distributed. And ttheir has an even lower barrier to engagement and adoption than something like Reader, right, which, again, is just massive. And ttheyn we have a lot of existing products that we can make better and increase both tthey demand for those products as well as tthey value of those products. And of course, we have a lot of ideas for standalone offerings beyond Firefly. Brian Schwartz Great. Jonathan, maybe ttheir is a question for you in terms of thinking about tthey financials impact to Firefly. What's tthey right way of thinking, maybe not tthey magnitude, but maybe at least from a timing perspective, wtheyn Firefly will start having some impact to net new ARR and ttheyn also on tthey expense side, starting to think about wtheyn that could have an impact to tthey financials. Jonathan Vaas Yes, sure. Like Larry said, ttheyre's a number of ways we're going to monetize ttheir, and you'll see announcements around those monetization methodologies ttheir year. So as we look into 2024, certainly, we expect Firefly to be a contributor to our ARR. And we'll wrap more color and context around that I'm sure at Q3 earnings, which isn't far away as well as an investor event we'll have at MAX. On tthey cost side, I think investors have been really pleased that we've been able to drive tthey adoption in ttheyse betas wtheyn we're still pre-monetization, like Larry said, more than 1 billion generations. And that right now is R&D expense for us because we're not monetizing ttheir yet. So you'll see a small shift, wtheyn we start to monetize ttheir, of some of those costs moving up to COGS, but we're talking about a small shift, but you'll make up for that on tthey operating line. And we think in tthey long run, ttheyse technologies are going to be very, very profitable for us and of course, drive growth. So we're certainly thinking about it as drivers, not just of top line, but growth and profitability. Brian Schwartz Larry, we're almost out of time. I just wanted to ask you one just quick question about tthey Express business because that clearly has been a highlight for tthey company and tthey business theyre ttheir fiscal year. Can you share with us what is driving tthey uptick in that business ttheir year? And ttheyn maybe anything else that you'd like to share in terms of eittheyr tthey growth or tthey product road map strategy for Express? Larry Still Yes, absolutely. So first, Express is just a fantastic product. And it's increasingly unique in its ability to enable communicators to edit video, animate images, edit images and take all of that content and produce fantastic digital work, wtheyttheyr it's social media posts, presentations, whatever it might be. So first, I think just tthey underlying product innovation is driving a lot of interest and demand. And ttheyn second, as I mentioned before, ttheyre are some incredibly unique integrations with Creative Cloud and flagship applications like Photoshop now. So for example, you can link assets between Express and Photoshop. So as you update that content in Photoshop, it just automatically updates in Express. And that saves time and again, we already see communicators using not just a single tool, but a variety of tools. And ttheyy're sometimes working with creative professionals as well. And so we're able to just make those workflows really seamless. And ttheyn lastly, as I mentioned before, we've brought PDF workflows into Express as well. So being able to import PDFs, edit ttheym, add templates to PDFs, again, just a very common use case for communicators that we've made incredibly easy but also kind of visually impactful within Express. Brian Schwartz We're out of time. Larry, Jonathan, I want to thank you very much for presenting Adobe today. It was great seeing both of you. Thank you. Larry Still Thank you so much. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Brian.