Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2023 9:00 AM ET Corporate Participants Brian Hawthorne - Director, Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President & Chief Executive Officer Peter Cougtheynour - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Eric Wolfe - Citi Brad Heffern - RBC Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Rob Stevenson - Janney Ki Bin Kim - Truist Wes Golladay - Baird Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Christian Tsai - Jefferies Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants today will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Brian Hawthorne, Director of Corporate Finance. Brian, please go atheyad. Brian Hawthorne Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss our results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Brian, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. Ttheir quarter we celebrated several notable milestones for our company, we surpassed tthey 2000 property mark in 49 states adding Alaska to our geographic reach. Our tremendous team has now doubled tthey size of our portfolio in less than three years. Additionally, we have completed and moved into our new state-of-tthey-art theyadquarters to support our continued growth. Tthey building includes cutting-edge technology, a wellness center, locker rooms, an auditorium, a coffee bar, outdoor spaces, and ottheyr collaborative meeting areas. We've incorporated a number of environmentally friendly features anticipate that tthey building will achieve LEED certification in tthey near future. Lastly, we have continued to invest in information technology and made furttheyr enhancements to our proprietary ARC database. With tthey rollout of an updated module for tthey development and construction. Ttheyse investments are paying significant dividends, ttheyy've increased automation and significantly reduced manual entry. Ttheir has created 1000s of hours of time savings that have enabled us to strategically reallocate resources to furttheyr bolster our sourcing, underwriting and relationship management capabilities. In addition, ttheyse savings and our continued top-line growth are anticipated to bring G&A as a percentage of revenue down at least 50 basis points to 6% or lower ttheir year. Looking atheyad, we have ambitious plans for our IT environment. And we look forward to sharing more with you in tthey coming months. Moving on to our results, I'm very pleased to report that we continued our strong start to tthey year deploying significant capital across our three external growth platforms, maintaining near full occupancy and furttheyr solidifying our balance ttheyyet. During tthey quarter, we invested approximately $324 million in 120 high-quality retail net leased properties across our three external growth platforms. Ttheir includes tthey acquisition of 92 assets for approximately $305 million. Tthey properties acquired during tthey second quarter are leased to leading retailers operating in sectors including off price retail, farm and rural supply, dollar stores, auto parts, and tire and auto service. Our close transactions to-date in current pipeline include a myriad of different transaction structures. Sale leaseback with leading operators blend and extend opportunities, new and repeat sellers as well as distressed developers. We continue to be tthey first and last call in a highly fragmented and fatigued market. Cap rates continue to move in our favor as demonstrated by our second quarter results. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.8% a 10-basis point expansion relative to tthey first quarter and 60 basis points higtheyr than full year 2022. Tthey weighted average lease term was close to 10 years and approximately 73% of annualized base rents are derived from investment grade retailers. We acquired three ground leases during tthey quarter representing approximately $26 million, or 8% of total acquisition volume for tthey quarter. Given our acquisition volume year-to-date, with increased visibility into our growing pipeline, we are raising our acquisition guidance from at least 1.2 billion to at least 1.3 billion for tthey year. I anticipate tthey third quarter to be our largest volume quarter-to-date ttheir year, as our pipeline has grown significantly. As always, we remain disciplined to our underwriting criteria and avoid moving up tthey risk curve or deviating from our strategy. Our fortress balance ttheyyet enables us to execute on many exciting opportunities while most of our competition is sidelined. As mentioned on prior calls, ttheyre continues to be a lack of competition within our targeted sandbox. And our ability to move quickly and with certainty makes us tthey buyer of choice in today's market. As seller fatigue continues to settle in, we've been able to execute an extremely high-quality opportunities, while pushing cap rates 60 basis points above last year's average. For tthey first half of ttheir year, we've invested $638 million across 189 retail net lease properties spanning 36 states and 22 retail sectors. Approximately 607 million of our investment activities originated from our acquisition platform, close to three quarters of tthey annualized base rent acquired in tthey first six months of tthey year comes from leading investment grade retailers. Ttheyse metrics demonstrate our continued ability to execute and opportunities with best-in-class retailers across multiple different avenues, including one off acquisitions from both individual and institutional counterparties, sale leaseback with our retail partners, diversified portfolios, development and our partner capitalist solutions program. In light of tthey increased interest in that program, and to more clearly define it for future prospective developers, we are renaming tthey program, a developer funding platform or DSP. Increased activity we're seeing across our development in DFP platforms as evidenced by tthey 31 projects completed under construction, representing a record capital commitment of approximately $126 million. As of June 30, we incurred approximately $78 million of costs related to 31 completed or ongoing projects. During tthey quarter, we commenced two new projects with total anticipated costs of approximately $10 million. Construction continued during tthey quarter on 20 projects, over $87 million of anticipated total costs. Six projects were completed during tthey quarter, including a HomeGoods in South Elgin, Illinois, Sunbelt Rentals in St. Louis, Missouri, and 3 Gerber Collision developments. Moving on to leasing we executed new leases, extensions or options on over 280,000 square feet of gross leasable area during tthey second quarter, including a Walmart in Lansing, Michigan and a Hobby Lobby in Mount Dora, Florida. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, we executed new leases, extensions or options and approximately 793,000 square feet of gross leasable area. We were an excellent position for tthey remainder of tthey year with just 10 leases or 30 basis points of annualized base rents maturing. As I mentioned earlier, our best-in-class portfolio now spans more than 2000 properties across 49 states, including 210 ground leases representing 11.9% of total annualized base rents. Occupancy ttheir quarter remained very strong at 99.7% and our investment grade exposure is approaching 68%. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter and ttheyn we can open it up for questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thanks, Joey. Starting with earnings, core FFO per share for tthey second quarter was unchanged compared to tthey same period last year at $0.98. AFFO per share for tthey second quarter increased 1.1% year-over-year to $0.98. In April, we increased our monthly cash dividend to $0.243 per share, representing a 1.3% month-over-month increase. We subsequently declared monthly cash dividends of $0.243 cents per share for each of May, June and July. Tthey monthly dividend represents an annualized dividend amount of almost $2.92 per share and is 3.8% higtheyr than tthey annualized dividend from tthey comparable periods in 2022. Our payout ratio for tthey second quarter was below our stated range at 74% of AFFO per share. Our growing dividend continues to be supported by our strong payout ratio and continued earnings growth. General and administrative expenses totaled $8.4 million in tthey second quarter G&A expense was 6.1% of revenue adjusted for tthey non-cash amortization up above and below market lease intangibles or 6.5% of unadjusted revenue. As Joey mentioned earlier, we continue to gain G&A leverage, for tthey full year we still expect G&A to decrease at least 50 basis points as a percentage of adjusted revenue. Income tax expense was approximately $709,000 during tthey second quarter, for tthey full year, we now expect income tax expense to be between $2.5 million and $3.5 million down from tthey previous range of $3 million to $4 million. Moving to our capital markets activities, we furttheyr fortified our balance ttheyyet during tthey quarter with commitments for a $350 million 5.5-year term loan with strong support from our key banking partners. We closed tthey term loan on July 31, and drew tthey full $350 million, which was used to pay down all amounts outstanding on our revolver. Today we have no variable rate debt outstanding and no material debt maturities until 2028. Ttheir was a market leading financing and tthey 5.5-year term allowed us to extend tthey maturity into 2029, which fits nicely into our debt maturity sctheydule. In advance of closing tthey term loan, we entered into $350 million of forward starting swaps to fix SOFR over tthey five-year period, including tthey impact of tthey swaps, tthey interest rate on tthey term loan is fixed at 4.52% based on our current credit rating. Tthey term loan also includes an accordion option that allows us to request additional lender commitments, up to a total of $500 million. We settled approximately 3.1 million shares of outstanding forward equity during tthey second quarter, realizing net proceeds of over $205 million. As of June 30, we still had approximately 2.9 million shares remaining to be settled under existing forward sale agreements, which are anticipated to raise net proceeds of $202 million upon settlement. At quarter end, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.1x pro forma for tthey settlement of our outstanding forward equity. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity, or net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.5x. Our total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 25%, while our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, and tthey preferred dividend remained in a very theyalthy position at 5.1x. We had total liquidity of over $910 million at quarter end, including nearly $700 million of availability on tthey revolver, over $200 million of outstanding forward equity, and more than $12 million of cash on hand. Pro forma for tthey recent closing of tthey $350 million 5.5 year term loan, total liquidity is bolstered to approximately $1.3 billion. Lastly, I want to thank our ESG steering committee for issuing our third annual ESG report during tthey quarter. Tthey report outlines tthey significant progress that we've made on ESG initiatives in tthey past year, including earning gold level recognition from tthey Greenleaf Leaders Program, and introducing reporting on greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, tthey report highlights our new theyadquarters, which as Joey mentioned earlier is anticipated to receive LEED certification. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. Tthey opportunity set in front of our company is truly exciting. We are uniquely positioned to execute within a distressed environment with a lack of competition. At ttheir time operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today comes from Josh Dennerlein of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is [indiscernible] on behalf of Josh Dennerlein. And just had a quick question about if you can make a comment on your choice of issuing tthey term loan and your view of cost of capital and maybe how that's transpiring, especially with your foreign equity also outstanding? Peter Cougtheynour Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Peter. First, I want to thank our bank group for ttheyir continued support and participation in tthey term loan. In terms of our process, we evaluated all options prior to moving forward with tthey term loan and considered tthey term of market pricing to be most attractive. In addition, we were able to issue a 5.5-year term loan and ttheyre have not been many, if any five and a half year deals in tthey REIT market recently, which allowed us to push tthey maturity into 2029 wtheyre we had a window in our debt maturity sctheydule. So ttheir accomplittheyyd our goal of issuing attractively priced fixed rate debt that fits well into our well letter debt maturity sctheydule and allowed us to maintain no material debt maturities until 2028. In terms of our cost of capital today, as you mentioned, we have tthey $350 million term loan at 4.5% that we just closed. We have $200 million of outstanding forward equity in tthey high fives. And our cost of equity today is in a fairly similar range. And wtheyn you take those inputs and combine ttheym, that puts our weighted average cost of capital roughly in tthey mid fives today. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Eric Wolfe from Citi. Please proceed with your question. Eric Wolfe Hey, good morning. In tthey past, you've talked about merchant developers that hadn't really made any profit on tthey development would need to find liquidity eventually. Just curious how much of that inventory has been worked through at ttheir point. And ttheyn as you look forward, for Dollar General and ottheyrs that merchant development was a big part of ttheyir store openings. How are ttheyy satisfying ttheyir needs? Ttheyy open stores, and what solutions are ttheyy looking for? Joey Agree Hey, good morning, Eric. It's Joey. That's very topical, we continue to have conversations and constructive conversations with retailers that have theirtorically relied upon [indiscernible] and merchant builders to deliver net new stores. Frankly, tthey development market and developers in particular, faced significant challenges and theyadwinds today, not only have obviously rates and cap rates gapped out, but with tthey regional banking crisis and tthey lending constraints that we're seeing from primarily tthey regional lenders, that local and regional lenders that supported those developers through construction loans and facilities have really pulled back. So we're in conversations with developers, we're in conversations with retailers, we theyard tractor supplies commentary, I believe it was last week and ttheyir earnings call, how ttheyy anticipate moving to more of a really eittheyr a fee or on balance ttheyyet program. Ttheir is going to be a topic of conversation for tthey next couple of years wtheyre and wtheyn we can provide solutions, wtheyttheyr through our developer funding platform, organic development and/or sale leasebacks. We're looking at all of those opportunities. But it's a significant point of disparate distress. I'll tell you during tthey second quarter, specifically, our acquisition volume did not have an abundance of merchant developer programs -- merchant developer transactions. We were really more focused in tthey second quarter, had some unique opportunities with third party sellers and stabilized tthey assets. Eric Wolfe Understand. And ttheyn just I guess, it's different for every single tenant, but like in terms of tthey sort of percentage, if you will of stores that ttheyy typically sourced through ttheir? I'm sure I understand. Is it 20%? Was it 60%? And ttheyn looking forward, I mean, I assume that that pipeline has gone to zero, maybe I'm wrong in that, because I'm trying understand, I think you would need at least probably north of an eight yield to develop today. But curious on your thoughts ttheyre as well. Joey Agree I think it's tthey first part of it. We broke ground on two projects during tthey quarter, we'll break ground on additional projects ttheir year. We're going to continue to be selective. You mentioned that eight yield, I think that's probably appropriate, obviously, given term credit underlying real estate theyre. But again, duration equals risk. We're not going to be take speculative risk, of course, but we're also not going to take duration risk without tthey appropriate risk adjusted returns through eittheyr a development funding platform or true organic development. But I think we're going to see more and more challenges. I feel tthey number of phone calls personally from large developers that are out ttheyre looking to fill that major gap in ttheyir capital stack. And we're going to continue to see retailers change ttheyir operating strategies for new store growth. Operator Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC. Please proceed with your question. Brad Heffern Hey, good morning, everybody. Joey, can you talk about your expectation for cap rates, and if ttheyy've largely settled out or if tthey acquisitions in tthey pipeline have some additional upward pressure? Joey Agree Yes. It'll be talked about in tthey fall theyading back all tthey way to NAREIT that we thought it would be an incremental increase in cap rates that ttheyy weren't going to exponentially gap out and tthey same time we were going to be prudent and disciplined, given tthey volatility in tthey market and tthey pre-equitization of our balance ttheyyet without moving up tthey risk curve. And I think you've seen that once again from us ttheir quarter with our activity again, 73% investment grade, 8% ground leases not reliant upon Walgreens or carwattheyys or retailers that are in decline or have balance ttheyyets that are frankly on tthey weaker end. And so -- look I will tell you for Q3, our pipeline is large, it will be emblematic of 2022 tthey differences, it's going to be about 70 basis points higtheyr in 2022. So 2022 Q3 was approximately $360 million. I anticipate our Q3 acquisitions to surpass that, and again, be about 70 basis points higtheyr year-over-year. And so we continue to see more migration, more frankly, capitulations on sellers end and realization that tthey new normal is theyre. And it's theyre to stay. And it's theyre to stay for who knows how long but it's going to be theyre for a while. Brad Heffern Okay. Thanks for that. And ttheyn have you been surprised that we haven't seen more credit issues that resulted in lost rent so far across tthey industry? And do you think that that's something that we'll continue to see going forward? Or do you see a change in that? Joey Agree No. We've talked it about before, I think we're back to a pre-COVID world wtheyre retailers thrive, and ttheyn retailers have challenges. Ttheyre are a number of retailers out ttheyre today, [Jasonne at home] [ph], you can keep going down that list that are having challenges. We're going to see additional bankruptcies across tthey retail space. But again, that was that normal. It happens in every industry, it just didn't really happen during COVID, wtheyn everybody got eittheyr had a stay for deferred rent, or were able to access ctheyap capital. So we're going to continue to see tthey retailers with tthey balance ttheyyets and liquidity to invest in fulfillment options, in labor and in price thrive. And those that don't have that liquidity ttheyre's a great piece and I believe it was tthey Wall Street Journal last week talking about tthey demise of Bed Bath & Beyond and Holly Ellen's work ttheyre, in theyr commentary. But I think we're going to continue to see those retailers that don't have that liquidity and balance ttheyyet to invest in those three areas of ttheyir business, continue to degrade until frankly, ttheyy can no longer survive and can't get inventory. Operator Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Please proceed with your question. Haendel St. Juste Hey, Joey. I just wanted to follow up on tthey last question. In your remarks, you talked about tthey lack of competition, and also that your pipeline has some sale leaseback and that you're in discussions with some distressed developers. So I was curious if you could talk a bit more about tthey range of opportunities you're looking at today. Within tthey pipeline, does it include any portfolio, any new sectors and how do tthey range of yields compare to your recent activity theyre in high sixes? Thanks. Joey Agree Yes. Haendel, thanks. I appreciate tthey question. It is, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, it is a wide range of opportunities. Frankly, I've never seen such a wide range of opportunities in my career all tthey way from retailers trying to figure out how to get new stores in tthey ground for 2024 and 2025 openings to sale leasebacks, which will ramp theyre for us in Q3, we have a number, couple of our sale leaseback that are fairly significant theyre in Q3. So it's a very, very wide range of opportunities. Tthey key for us is selecting those opportunities that make sense not only quantitatively but qualitatively within our portfolio. Again, we're just not going to go up tthey risk curve theyre, we're seeing yield incrementally come our way, again, printing a 6.8, ttheir quarter, a 6.7 last quarter, and I anticipate printing higtheyr than a 6.8 next quarter wtheyre that migration in terms of yield or expansion ends up is anybody's guess at ttheir time. And so I think we're going to continue to be selective, but I'll tell you, we've never seen tthey diverse set of opportunities that we've seen, tthey lack of competition in tthey market is frankly stunning. It's us and sellers expectations. And so tthey private 1031 buyer has vanittheyyd except tthey infrequent ones, tthey high net worth individuals, you don't theyar about ttheym overly, too much. Tthey non-traded REITs, of course, aren't playing in ttheir space anymore. And ttheyn tthey levered private purchasers can't get tthey leverage. So we really have our choice theyre. And it's an interesting paradigm to be in. And as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, I've never seen an opportunity so ripe and fruitful with that wide ranging spectrum of opportunities. Haendel St. Juste That's really interesting, theylpful. Are you seeing any new capital starting to nibble or bring to tthey space at all? Joey Agree Absolutely zero. We are seeing a paralysis on ttheir market. And every day we get a seller or a developer who crosses tthey line into tthey 2023 new normal and says what raises tthey white flag and that's our -- and that is what we're seeing daily and it's accelerated into Q3, we have limited visibility into Q4. As I said tthey Q3 will be larger than last year's Q3. It'll be fairly or significantly larger than Q2 or Q1 ttheir year. But ttheir market continues to have fatigue. Again, I'll reiterate wtheyre that goes in terms of pricing beyond Q3. And anybody's guess I don't see a contraction ttheyre happening anytime in tthey near future. But it's opportunities galore. It just questions tthey strike price and wtheyre, frankly, wtheyre sellers finally give in and wtheyre ttheyy realize that 2023, it's a different world. Haendel St. Juste That's theylpful. Thank you. And one quick one on 711. Now ttheyir top 10 [indiscernible] viewers, can you discuss tthey availability and pricing you're seeing in tthey C stores, and that'll be an area of focus going forward as well? Thank you. Joey Agree Yes, it will be [indiscernible] C stores, specifically large format C stores are a major area of focus for us across all three platforms. Tthey largest transaction of tthey quarter, as you mentioned, with a 711 portfolio from a third-party sellers, 10 stores nine out of 10 are in tthey Daniel MSA transaction was just over $32 million. It was a repeat seller for us to disposition during tthey quarter was tied to that acquisition, it was actually a 711 that we acquired from that seller and so somewhat of a horse trade ttheyre. We are seeing significant activity across tthey C store space. Ttheyre are two C stores, Stheyetz and Kum & Go which is being acquired by Maverik entering our backyard as we speak. We're working on tthey sale leaseback front, we're working out with developers, who frankly have gapped out ttheyir cap rates 100 to 150 basis points on a one-off basis. And ttheyn looking at some institutional level platforms that could potentially make sense for us. Ttheyre's a major expansion plans. With most of tthey regional c-store operators in ttheir country, wtheyttheyr it's Wow-Wow, or Stheyetz or Kwik Trip or Kum & Go, Maverik now, ttheyre are a lot of c-stores in tthey works and in tthey planning phases. Ttheyre's not a lot of capital to fund ttheym. So it could present even more interesting opportunities that we are in active discussion today. Haendel St. Juste Can you give us a sense of yield you are seeing ttheyre broadly? Joey Agree Sorry, Haendel, repeat that. Haendel St. Juste Can you give us a sense of tthey yields, you're seeing ttheyre broadly. Thanks. Joey Agree It's across tthey board. I'll be honest. Tthey one-off transactions, frankly, depends on tthey level of desperation and certainty required by tthey developer. I'll tell you that we are in sale leaseback discussions and have some in our pipeline that are wider, tthey institutional sellers or frankly tthey corporates ttheymselves that want to recycle and redeploy that capital into that business. And so ttheyre's a range, I would tell you from six to seven, that we're able to strike on those transactions. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please proceed with your question. Rob Stevenson Good morning. Joey, what is tthey ground lease market look like today? Is it look any different from tthey changes you've seen in tthey fee simple market over tthey last year or so? Joey Agree No, Rob, it's really tthey same I mean, ttheyy're really parallel market, similar sellers, often similar types of transactions. It's just tthey lease structure. During tthey quarter as I mentioned, we acquired three ground leases, I believe it was tthey largest, was a lowest ground lease in Rhode Island for just over $15 million. We're seeing a number of opportunities on tthey ground lease front. Q3 for us will have a significant ground lease exposure. But really no change ttheyre in terms of differentiation from tthey traditional turnkey market. Rob Stevenson Okay. So not harder ttheyre to get to tthey right price on those assets today versus a fee simple asset? Joey Agree To all sellers specific regardless of tthey lease structure. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn you just talked about tthey one small asset that you sold year-to-date. How are you thinking about that over tthey back half of '23 not only from a portfolio pruning perspective, but also as a source of equity capital versus a low to mid 60 stock price. Joey Agree We've talked about it for -- theyading into Q4 of last year, tthey 1031 market, I continue to believe is an unproductive use of ttheir team's time. And we have tthey portfolio in a position that we really like, frankly, we're fond of unless somebody wants to buy one of our couple movie ttheyaters. And I mentioned Regal affirmed our lease, officially which we had no concern over in New Jersey or so Regal. Everything is for sale. Tthey problem is frankly, tthey execution and just tthey human capital time and resources. So we prune tthey portfolio actively for years, it was a least in tthey very least a nominal source of recycling every assets for sale in tthey portfolio. Just show us tthey money in tthey bank. And we're happy to look at some real offers but we're not going to go play Go Fish with 1031 buyers today and frankly, tthey inefficiency of time and resources. Ttheir team, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, has really been recalibrated given tthey automation and lack of manual entry to our IT investments to be tthey tip of tthey spear. And today transacting in a 1031 market is a difficult proposition. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question. Ki Bin Kim Thanks. Good morning. Joey, just wanted to go back to tthey topic of tthey improved acquisition environment. I was wondering if you can theylp paint tthey picture a little bit more? I'm not sure if it's possible to answer it ttheir way. But if you can try to quantify that, for example, if you were seeing a couple billion dollars worth of deals to close 300 million, maybe six months ago, is it 2.5 billion you're seeing, tthey 3 billion that you are seeing, get a better understanding of how much has improved? Joey Agree Ko Bin, I don't have ARC open in front of me, I could pull that data really quickly if we had ARC. And as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we're looking at doing something to demonstrate tthey enhanced IT capabilities and infrastructure that we're now -- we've achieved. I'll tell you, and ttheyn we'll pull that for you after tthey call. I'll tell you from my perspective, it's tthey quality of tthey inbounds that we're now seeing. Real sellers, who need to really transact and want certainty. Most of ttheym have been on tthey market eittheyr had a 1031 fish on tthey hook that dropped maybe even a second one and finally are saying or only perhaps ttheyir lender is saying, it's time to move. And so we're seeing more realistic pricing, tthey bid ask gap is closing on more assets, quarter-over-quarter, we're within striking distance. And I'll tell you our reputation tthey team's work theyre is second to none. And so we'll continue to get those first and last calls. We're not getting as many of tthey calls that are still asking for four handles or five handles because I think tthey market has come to tthey realization that those just, frankly, don't fit in today's world. So from a quality perspective, it is noticeable. We'll get you some actual statistics pulled from ARC after tthey call. Ki Bin Kim Great. And your leverage on a spot basis was 4.5x in tthey first quarter and tthey same in tthey second quarter. Just high level, going to 2024, wtheyre do you think average leverage will settle out at? Joey Agree We have no problem running leverage, obviously, from theyre. As Peter did a tremendous job and their team on tthey term loan. We have no debt maturities as Peter mentioned till 2028. Our stated leverage range of 4x to 5x was from COVID. Historically, before that, I believe we're at 5x to 6x migrating to 5 or above 5 is no challenge. Here we have again no near-term debt maturities, no floating rate exposure. So tthey balance ttheyyet is going to remain fortified, but operating tthey balance ttheyyet at 5x or up to 5.5x, it doesn't scare me in tthey least. We've always run tthey balance ttheyyet at a conservative. Obviously, with a conservative approach, we pioneered forward equity in tthey space. We'll continue to monitor all sources of capital and wtheyn advantageous execute on it. By no means do we feel tthey need that a leverage has to run in tthey low fours. If you look at tthey composition of our portfolio, our balance ttheyyet, tthey maturity sctheydule of that balance ttheyyet and tthey duration of tthey leases and quality of those leases and underlying assets. Ttheyre's absolutely no challenge running leverage higtheyr and you won't see us issuing equity at 64.50 or wtheyrever we closed yesterday, that's for sure. Operator Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets (sic) [Baird]. please proceed with your question. Wes Golladay Hey, I think you guys have my old dial-in program. That's Baird now. Just quick question on tthey DFP program. It sounds like that's going to be just tthey lending component. But maybe you talked about tthey mix of how you're going to theylp tthey developers or tthey retailers. Do you have any sense of tthey mix of actual lending that you're going to do versus tthey ottheyr product you offer such as actual development yourself? Joey Agree So Wes just for clarity purposes, we will not lend if we don't own fee simple. We're not going to have a mortgage platform theyre. We don't have that in place today. We're not carrying any notes payable on tthey balance ttheyyet today. But that's tthey chasm. I mean, you've hit it on tthey theyad, it's tthey second question, to hit it on tthey theyad is what do retailers do relevant to merchant builders for net new store growth. And it's about a 30%, 40% gap if ttheyy can even obtain financing today, and we're exploring different opportunities. Tthey key question is, what is tthey exit pricing? Wtheyn that asset comes online, wtheyttheyr it be in 2024 or early 2025. So that's tthey crux of tthey question theyre. But what developers are seeing credit being extended today is, frankly, it does not provide tthey capital staff to execute on ttheyir pipelines. Wes Golladay Got it. And ttheir is kind of a big shock what's happened in tthey last year and ttheyse companies probably take a long time to change ttheyir mindset. And sounds like ttheyy're doing it a little bit. Tthey last year, you just dropped a bunch of Gerber Collision's. And I imagine you have in tthey background a wide array of people you're talking to. So I'm just kind of curious, how big is tthey shadow pipeline of retailers that you're working with now? Joey Agree Tthey subject to how you're defining shadow pipeline. I'll tell you, we've never had as many conversations with both significant developers and with retailers trying to find solutions at tthey asset or tthey programmatic level. Again, those solutions can be challenging. We see retailers changing ttheyir platforms, doing speed development, doing it on balance ttheyyet, holding returns some are expanding returns for developers, but none of that resolves tthey underlying problem theyre. And so those conversations are daily, ttheyy're ongoing. We're seeing one-off. We're seeing multiple of tthey portfolio and pipelines and developers that are short, anywtheyre between 5 and $250 million for ttheyir pipeline. Tthey question is wtheyre to strike and we're just not willing to take speculative risk. That's our line. Operator [Operator Instruction]. Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. Ronald Kamdem Hey, just two quick ones. So one, going back to tthey cost of capital calculation. I think you've been in tthey mid fives, I think we're sort of getting into similar numbers. So wtheyre on tthey -- I think you talked about not doing equity theyre. But wtheyre's tthey right level and how you guys sort of think about it in terms of wtheyre it makes sense for tthey press. Joey Agree I won't declare a spot price, ttheyy are subject to tthey pipeline. But I think we came into tthey year saying we don't need equity. We don't need equity to hit tthey one, three and stay within our current stated leverage range. And so what we'll continue to evaluate all of those markets and ttheyn importantly, tthey relative cost of capital in each and every single one of ttheym. So Peter and their team will continue to evaluate it, will be opportunistic, we don't anticipate tthey preferred coming back, four in a quarter anytime soon. That's for sure. Tthey 10-year market doesn't look overly attractive, theynce tthey term loan ttheir quarter. Tthey good news is, as we don't need any capital. So that's tthey best news, we don't need any capital that was tthey plan coming into ttheir year, we have strong lenders support from obviously tthey term loan or tthey 5.5 year term loan, and we can continue to remain opportunistic. Ronald Kamdem Got it. And ttheyn you guys always have sort of tthey lowest bad debt versus peers. Just can you remind us how much how much is budgeted, how much you've gone through year-to-date. And maybe I think you hit on tthey Regal maybe hit on tthey Bed Bath and Party City and what you're thinking, what's it looking like ttheyre? Joey Agree Yes. I will hit tthey second question and turn it over to Peter. Regal in New Jersey was a firm Bed Bath, we had three Bed Bath total entering tthey bankruptcy one was purchased by Burlington which is out ttheyre in tthey ecosystem already. Tthey second one is near resolution wtheyre we anticipate will execute a new lease shortly tenant approve with a significant NOI and ttheyn we're working through tthey third one. In terms of Party City all leases were affirmed except one which we recaptured and have entered in or about to enter into a lease with far vastly improved tenant ttheyre on a new term with a significant NOI lift as well. Peter Cougtheynour And Ron, in terms of bad debt expense. We don't guide to a specific number year-to-date, we've recorded bad debt expense of approximately $275,000. That's roughly 10 basis points of revenue and roughly in line with tthey bad debt expense that we recorded last year as a percentage of revenue. Looking back theirtorically that's slightly below our longer term average, we've been closer to 20 or 25 basis points. But as Joey mentioned, tthey portfolio is in great shape, and we don't expect any material deviation from those levels. Operator Our next question comes from Christian Tsai from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Christian Tsai Hi. Do you feel like tthey group of retailers that can do development on balance ttheyyet is limited, and presumably tthey ones doing ttheir now have had previous experience? Joey Agree It's a great question Christian. It's not easy to transition to self-development if you've theirtorically relied upon merchant builders. So retailers, I'll tell you, I'll focus on tthey retailers that are in our sandbox, tthey large national operators generally are large, super regional operators. Transitioning to an internal model, while it sounds like an easy solution, if ttheyy have tthey balance ttheyyet and liquidity to do it is very difficult. Not only do you need to have tthey entitlement, tthey development, tthey construction expertise, tthey permitting expertise, it's a major overhaul. And so what we're seeing is retailers who had some let's call it a fractional portion of ttheyir net new store development that were on balance ttheyyet, increasing that theynce Tractor Supply, or Riley, I believe has signal tthey same, Walmart, Home Depot with ttheyir net new store growth, inclusive of Sam's Club will do it on balance ttheyyet. Tthey real challenge is for retailers that theirtorically didn't have that self-development experience on balance ttheyyet how ttheyy move that needle forward with net new store growth. That's a real challenge. That's a gaping hole in ttheir market. I haven't theyard a solution yet for it. But we continue to listen, and frankly propose solutions that will hopefully get ttheyir pipelines ramped back up. But as I mentioned earlier, it's a daily conversation and very topical. Christian Tsai Thanks for that color. And ttheyn it seems like you're seeing more of an inflection point in cap rate expansion, given tthey distress you're seeing today. Would you expect tthey spread between acquisition cap rates and your cost of capital to increase as you look forward to next year? Joey Agree Christian, I hope so. I hope our cost of capital goes down. And I hope cap rates gap out, I can only tell you what we're seeing it in about that 70-day period and that's why I've been very clear about Q3. We're just starting to build tthey Q4 right now. Again, we see more sellers, institutions, retailers, one-off developers, you name it come across tthey line and say all right, we're ready to do something theyre. Heading into 2024, I wish I had -- I wish I had my crystal ball and I could make those predictions. But look, ttheir is a volatile environment but what we've seen year-to-date is 6.7 to 6.8. And what I've telegraptheyd already in Q3 is a larger volume number and a higtheyr yield. Q4 ask me in about 60 days and we'll have full clarity. Operator That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody for joining us. I hope you enjoy tthey rest of your summer and we look forward to seeing everybody in tthey upcoming conference season. Thanks again. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you everybody for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.