Agree Realty Corp (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call April 24, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Joey Agree - President, Chief Executive Officer Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts George Hoglund - Jefferies Collin Mings - Raymond James Nicholas Joseph - Citi Rob Stevenson - Janney Alexei Siniakov - SunTrust R.J. Milligan - Baird John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty’s First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today’s event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's first quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer.  We are very pleased to report that we are off to a strong start in 2018. During a busy quarter we furttheyr diversified and strengttheyned our industry leading portfolio through disciplined investment activity and proactive asset management and executed on a strategic capital market transaction that furttheyr fortified our balance ttheyyet, positioning us for continued growth.  Capital invested across our three external growth platforms totaled $102.7 million in tthey first quarter among 39 high quality retail net lease properties. Of those 39 investments, 30 properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing aggregate acquisition volume of approximately $98.6 million for tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted-average cap rate of 7.2% and had a weighted-average remaining lease term of 13.6 years.  Tthey acquired properties are located in 15 states and our leased and leading operators operating in 12 different sectors, including off-price, convenience store, auto parts, tire and auto service, grocery and crafts and novelties. Notable retailers include AutoZone, Tire Kingdom, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Hobby Lobby, T.J. Maxx, Home Goods, Panera Bread, Starbucks, Firestone and Gerber Collision.  During tthey quarter we are also very pleased to have closed on a sale lease back with Belle Tire, a leading regional tire and auto service retailer, with a 95 year operating theirtory. Tthey portfolio is comprised on seven master lease properties, a very strong tire and auto service stores.  Belle Tire is a local family owned company and tthey 11th largest tire retailer in tthey country with approximately 100 stores. Ttheyy are tthey clear market leader in Michigan with more than a 33% share. Ttheir transaction was Belle’s first sale leaseback and we are excited to partner with a leading retailer in our own backyard that many of us have frequented over tthey years. We look forward to continuing to build upon our strong relationship with tthey Belle Tire team, as well as tthey Barnes family.  As our pipeline continues to ramp we remain focused on adtheyring to our stringent underwriting standards. Given tthey dynamic nature of tthey retail landscape and often tthey binary outcomes associated with second and third tier operators, we continue to emphasize high quality retail real-estate leased to industry leading operators that have a compretheynsive omni-channel strategy, a value oriented business model, or a service base component. Our disciplined focus has served to strengttheyn our best-in-class portfolio. Today our portfolio is stronger and more diverse than it has even been in our company’s theirtory.  Turning to our development and partner capital solutions platform, in tthey first quarter we had nine development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction that represent total committed capital of approximately $51 million. Four of those projects were completed during ttheir past quarter, representing total investment activity of $26.7 million.  Tthey project completed during tthey quarter include Art Van Furniture's new flagship store located across IKEA in one of tthey states dominant retail trade areas in Can, Michigan. Tthey store celebrated its successful grand opening on February 1. Additionally, our first two developments with Mister Car Wash in Urbandale, Iowa and Bernalillo, Mexico celebrated successful grand openings in tthey first quarter and rent has commenced at both locations. Tthey projects are subject to new 20 year net leases and had aggregate total costs for approximately $6.3 million.  Lastly, tthey company’s first project with a leading Burger King franctheiree TOMS King was completed during tthey quarter and rent subsequently commenced. Tthey project is subject to a new 20 year net lease.  During tthey first quarter we commenced two new development and PCS projects. Ttheyse projects include tthey company’s first PCS projects with ALDI in Chickasha, Oklahoma and tthey company’s first development with Burlington Coat Factory in Nampa, Idaho. We continue to find tthey opportunities to leverage our differentiated capabilities to partner with leading retailers to execute ttheyir expansion plans.  Construction continued during tthey quarter on three development and PCS projects. Tthey development includes tthey company’s third project with Camping World in Grand Rapids, Michigan and our third and fourth project respectively with Mister Car Wash in Orlando and Tavares, Florida. All three projects are subject to new 20 year net leases.  While our investment activity year-to-date has served to improve tthey quality of our portfolio, we also look to solidify and diversify our portfolio through proactive asset management, as well as disposition efforts. Ttheyse efforts continued in tthey first quarter as we sold five properties for gross proceeds of approximately $16.7 million.  During tthey quarter Meijer exercised an option to purchase ttheyir store in Plainfield, Indiana. Meijer had previously ground leased tthey location from tthey company for tthey past 10 years. Following Meijer’s exercise and ttheyir option to purchase tthey property for $3.9 million, tthey company realized an internal rate of return of 11% on our investment.  It’s important to note that ttheir was tthey only purchase option in our portfolio. Meijer’s exercise of ttheyir option to purchase and our disposition activities in tthey first quarter have resulted in a net gain of $4.6 million.  Our disposition efforts, portfolio management and continued growth continue to strengttheyn tthey composition of our leading portfolio. Our exposure to tthey top three tenants now stands at 14.4% of rental income, a decrease of 360 basis points year-over-year. Similarly our top 10 tenant concentration has been reduced to 32.4% of annualized base rents, a 360 basis point decrease from ttheir point last year.  Our asset management team has also been proactively addressing upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyse efforts we had just six remaining lease maturities in 2018, representing 0.6% of annualized base rent. Roughly half of tthey annualized base rent expiring in 2018 is attributable to our two Kmart locations in Mount Pleasant, Michigan and Frankfort, Kentucky. Kmart has failed to exercise options at both locations and we look forward to tthey opportunity to redevelop both sites and will unlock additional value.  I am pleased to announce we have executed a 15 year lease with Hobby Lobby in Mount Pleasant for tthey construction of a new 50,000 square foot prototype. Entitlements have been fully secured and we anticipate demolition on tthey former Kmart will begin in tthey third quarter of ttheir year with rate commencing in tthey second half of 2019.  We are also working with a number of leading retailers in Frankfort, Kentucky. As you may recall, both of ttheyse former Kmart locations we’ll retain because of tthey below market rental rates, as well as tthey strong underlying real-estate. We look forward to updating you on ttheyse redevelopment opportunities later ttheir year.  As of March 31 our growing retail portfolio consisted of 463 properties located in 43 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry leading retailers in more than 28 diverse retail sectors with 46% of annualized base rents coming from tenants with an investment grade credit rating. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.7% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.3 years. On last quarter’s call we highlighted tthey quality of our ground lease portfolio, which is comprised of leading retailers including Lowe’s, Wal-Mart, Wawa, ALDI, AutoZone, Chick-fil-A [ph], McDonalds and Starbucks. At quarter end nearly 90% of our ground lease portfolio derived its rent from retailers that carry an investment grade credit rating. To conclude, tthey first three months of tthey year marked anottheyr very strong quarter for our growing company. Our high quality portfolio continues to improve and our fortress like balance ttheyyet positions us to execute in 2018 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn it over to Clay to discuss our financial results for tthey first quarter. Clay? Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning everyone. I’ll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As announced in yesterday's press release, total rental revenue, including percentage rents for tthey first quarter of 2018 was $31 million, an increase of 27.8% over tthey first quarter of 2017.  General and administrative expenses in tthey first quarter totaled approximately $2.9 million. G&A expenses were 8.3% of total revenue in tthey first quarter and we anticipate G&A expenses to be roughly 8% of total revenue for tthey year.  Funds from operations for tthey first quarter, was $22 million, representing an increase of 29.3% over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis FFO increased to $0.71 per share, a 9.3% increase as compared to tthey first quarter of 2017. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $21.8 million, a 27.7% increase over tthey comparable period of 2017. On a per share basis AFFO was $0.70, a 7.8% increase as compared to tthey first quarter of 2017. Now moving to our capital markets activities. During tthey first quarter we completed a follow-on public offering of 3.5 million shares of common stock in connection with tthey forward sale agreement. Tthey offering included tthey full exercise of tthey underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares and is anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $163 million after deducting season expenses.  Today tthey company has not received any proceed from tthey sale of shares of its common stock. Selling common stock through tthey forward sale agreement enabled us to set tthey share price while delaying tthey issuance of such shares in receipt of tthey net proceeds by tthey company. We have tthey ability to settle tthey transaction in whole or in trenctheys at any time between now and March 1, 2019. Tthey forward offering provides tthey company tthey capacity to invest an incremental $500 million and stay within our stated leverage range of net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5x to 6x. We view ttheir transaction as a unique way to furttheyr bolster our balance ttheyyet in tthey intermediate term, lock in our cost of capital and mitigate external risks. As of March 31 our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.8x and below our stated range. Furttheyrmore, our total debt to total enterprise value was approximately 27% and our fixed charge coverage ratio which includes principal amortization remains at its higtheyst level in tthey company’s theirtory at 4.2x. Ttheyse metrics continue to be amongst tthey strongest of our peers and demonstrate tthey ongoing strength of our balance ttheyyet, which is an excellent position for 2018 and beyond with significant capacity and flexibility in regards to capital sources. Our conservative approach to leverage provides us with tthey ability to be opportunistic wtheyn making capital markets decisions. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.52 per share on April 13 to stockholders of record on March 30, 2018. Tthey quarterly dividend represents a 5.1% increase over tthey $0.495 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey first quarter of 2017. Ttheir was tthey company’s 96th consecutive cash dividend following its IPO in 1994 and it represents a five year increase of 27% over tthey company’s first quarter 2013 dividend. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey first quarter of 2018 were conservative 74% of both FFO and AFFO. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company’s targeted ranges and reflect a well covered dividend. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To wrap it up, I’m very pleased with our performance during tthey quarter. We are in a fantastic position to execute for tthey remainder of tthey year with a strong portfolio, a talented and growing team and a fortified balance ttheyyet. At ttheir time operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Hoglund of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. George Hoglund Good morning guys. Joey Agree Good morning George. George Hoglund Just first question, in terms of you know tthey asset sales that happened during tthey quarter, if you could give a little bit more color on that and ttheyn just also going forward kind of what type of assets will you be targeting in terms of you know eittheyr retail categories or you know types of situations that you would be targeting. Joey Agree Yeah, generally I think our asset sales fall into a couple of distinct buckets. First and foremost we’ll continue to target reduction of our Walgreens exposure. We pretty well telegraptheyd what we perceive that exposure to be at year end. Ttheyn we sold one Walgreens in Grand Rapids, Michigan during tthey quarter and ttheyn we’ll look both at opportunistic sales, most notably in tthey franctheire restaurant space, but ttheyn opportunities to improve our portfolio as we talked about in tthey prepared remarks.  I know our restaurant exposure is down 6.8%, that’s tthey aggregate restaurant exposure. Year-over-year our quick service is down 150 basis points at 5.3%. Casual dining similarly is down 105 basis points to 1.5% ttheir quarter. We really focused it on that casual dining exposure. It’s not a space that we’re overly comfortable with, and so you will continue to see us execute on disposition transactions in those buckets. George Hoglund Okay. And is ttheyre any change in sort of tthey tenant watch list, any noticeable you know deterioration in any of tthey tenants that you have an eye on? Joey Agree No, in fact our watch list continues to shrink. Tthey Walgreens acquisition of tthey two Rite Aid stores, obviously that was significant for us. Tthey pending Kmart lease expirations that we touctheyd on ttheyre, obviously Kmart will be gone from our portfolio fairly shortly theyre.  You know as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our portfolio has never been stronger; it’s never been more diversified. Tthey team theyre is doing a fantastic job sourcing opportunities across all three of our external growth platforms and you know I’ll add, you’re only going to see our portfolio continue to improve. We’re working on a number of very high quality transactions as well as those non-core dispositions with tthey goal of continuing to strengttheyn our leading portfolio of retailers theyre. George Hoglund Yeah, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks George. Operator Our next question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Hey, good morning guys. Joey Agree Good morning Collin. Collin Mings First question for me, just as you think about tthey flexibility offered by tthey forward equity offering. How are you thinking about accessing tthey debt markets over tthey balance over tthey year versus utilizing just tthey revolver for maybe a little bit more than you had in tthey past? Clay Ttheylen No, hi Collin. Ttheir is Clay, I appreciate tthey question. I’ll maybe start from a debt perspective in terms of – just in terms of sizing based on our guidance and tthey way we started tthey year. I anticipate sizing you know maybe in terms of a private placement to be more consistent with last year. For reference last year we executed on a 12 year deal in September. I would say tthey forward offering provides us some certainty that is really unique and that having a takeout or a back stop if you will from an equity perspective and having real intermediate cost of capital certainty in tthey intermediate term. I would say we’ll be a more active user on tthey line of credit given that certainty and given tthey intheyrent ctheyaper cost of capital with tthey line of credit and wtheyre we are able to borrow at. And so we’ll continue to use tthey line of credit and ttheyn ultimately replace that with longer term, fixed rate, low leverage financing throughout tthey year or later ttheir year. Collin Mings Okay. So for like modeling purposes if we were thinking of maybe $100 million, $150 million, call it in tthey back half of '18 that might be fair from your standpoint? Clay Ttheylen That’s right, that’s exactly right. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn just in terms of maybe how do you think about tthey shift in tthey pricing environment relative to what you were able to do last year? Clay Ttheylen Yeah, no it’s a good question. Last year we executed a 12 year deal as I mentioned wtheyre as you know 160 basis points over tthey curve. I would say today tthey balance ttheyyet is even furttheyr improved; tthey portfolio is even furttheyr diversified. We continue to operate under an investment grade mentality and approach and I anticipate pricing will be reflective of that. We’re very close with our private placement lenders and relationships and that’s continued dialogue that we have. And so I anticipate pricing will be reflective of our continued growth and growth done in a meaningful and prudent way. Collin Mings Thanks Clay, I appreciate tthey detail ttheyre. Joey, just one big picture question for you real quick. As you think about your feeder portfolio, it looks like now 3% of tthey AVR. Just update us on how you are thinking about your exposure ttheyre? Joey Agree Yeah, sure. I’ll start by saying we have a grand total of five movie ttheyatres now in our portfolio with no near term plan to add any additional. We have three AMC’s with tthey completion of ttheir transaction in tthey first quarter, one Cinemark [ph] and one Regal. So tthey portfolio, it’s fairly diversified. With that said, we are real estate opportunists at our core. Wtheyn sentiment goes one way we have no problem taking advantages of any dislocations that we see out ttheyre in tthey market.  Now ttheir quarter’s transaction was a very good example. Tthey AMC that we acquired was more than two times average revenue per screen and it has fantastic coverage, very strong sales. We see ttheym consistently rise year-over-year; ttheyre is no national competitor in tthey market. If you combine that with that 16.5 years of remaining lease term, as well as tthey increases in tthey base term, as well as tthey options, ttheyn we think ttheir fits well into our strategy.  Movie ttheyaters we think is a minority piece of our overall exposure. You will continue to see it be a minority piece, so we think that it’s at its peak right now.  Collin Mings Okay, I appreciate tthey color ttheyre Joey. Joey Agree Thanks Collin  Operator Our next question comes from Nicholas Joseph of Citi. Please go atheyad.  Nicholas Joseph Thanks. Joey, some active acquisitions ttheir quarter. Have you seen an impact on tthey transaction market or cap rates due to tthey rising interest rates? A - Joey Agree Yeah, good morning Nick. We really haven’t seen cap rates in tthey product that we are chasing move by any material way. We have seen some gapping out in secondary or tertiary product that really doesn’t fit. Some larger boxes, frankly we have seen cap rates gap out. It’s really a binary world today. Ttheyre is capital chasing at a high quality asset and ttheyn frankly ttheyre is significantly less capital chasing lower quality assets. And so our ‘Sand Box’ we haven’t seen any material movement in cap rates yet.  What we have seen is we’ve seen some transactions come back to us that frankly sellers were eittheyr are holding out for higtheyr pricing or went tthey way of a 1031 purchase who failed to execute, and ttheyn we’ve seen what we call flow back. But in terms of material moving cap rate we haven’t seen anything of substance. Nicholas Joseph Did you’re underwriting standards or return hurdles change at all?  Joey Agree Ttheyy haven’t. I would tell you, if anything ttheyy’ve become more stringent. We are acutely and intensely focused theyre on tthey higtheyst quality of real-estate and tthey higtheyst quality of operators.  I just don’t feel – given tthey dynamic nature of tthey environment that we are in, I just don’t feel it’s tthey right time to go up tthey risk curve and we have tthey ability to execute with tthey best of tthey best across our three external growth platforms and you see that across acquisitions development, as well as partner capital solutions. So look, it’s a highly fragmented market, it’s a huge base. Our focus continues to be very tight.  Nicholas Joseph Thanks, and finally what was tthey cap rate on tthey AMC Ttheyater ttheir quarter?  Joey Agree I can’t disclose because ttheyre is some confidentiality provisions. I’ll tell you it’s in line with our theirtorical acquisitions. We’ve got some confidential provisions in both tthey purchase agreement as well as tthey lease. We’d love to give some more detail, but we have been advised not to. Nicholas Joseph Thanks.  Joey Agree Thanks Nick.  Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson of Janney. Please go atheyad.  Robert Stevenson  Hi, good morning guys. Joey, what was tthey rough revenue or annualized based rent that you guys were getting from tthey two Kmart locations and what alone is Hobby Lobby roughly going to wind up doing? Joey Agree Yes so specifically to Mount Pleasant, that was a gross lease with Kmart, a $175,000 a year in annual rent, effectively on a gross lease. So Kmart on a net basis ttheyre was really paying at de minimis amount of rent. You are talking about $40,000 plus or minute on an annual basis.  Tthey Hobby Lobby transaction will be a reverse build-to-suit. Hobby Lobby will construct ttheyir own building, pretty typically for Hobby Lobby. It’s a 15 year base term. Obviously we are getting a significant credit upgrade, additional term, 50,000 square foot prototype store. Our investment ttheyre will be approximately $4 million, including tthey tenant improvement allowance for ttheyir reverse build-to-suit and we are looking rents at in upper mid single digits ttheyre with growth every five years.  Robert Stevenson  And does tthey swap between tthey Hobby Lobby building and tthey Kmart also leave you with additional space ttheyre to develop eittheyr ttheyre or at tthey outparcel? Joey Agree Yes, so we are going to completely demolish tthey existing Kmart structure. Its 80,000 square feet approximate. I grew up on that site driving a bulldozer as an original project that my fattheyr developed pre-IOP. So we are going to scrape that building. Hobby Lobby will build ttheyir new turnkey and ttheyn we’ll have a 20,000 feet, a pad of 20,000 feet adjacent to tthey Hobby Lobby which we are confident is very marketable ttheyre.  Ttheyn moving on to Frankfort, Kentucky – we’ll come back to Mount Pleasant if you have anottheyr question. Moving on to Frankfort, Kmart was paying $2 gross in Frankford, Kentucky, so about $165,000 a year on a net basis. We anticipate again that lease expired, Kmart failed to exercise ttheyir option ttheyre. We anticipate demolishing that building as well and are working with a number of tenants that we had hoped to be able to announce if not next quarter, fairly shortly theyre.  Robert Stevenson  Okay, and ttheyn second question. Can you talk to us about how tthey board is thinking about tthey dividend? I mean looking at it today I mean and wtheyre you guys are versus taxable net earnings, because you guys how have by far and away tthey lowest dividend yield in tthey triple net space. Your payout ratio is low. You guys have been increasing tthey dividend you know every couple of quarters or so, roughly 3%-ish or something like that.  Are you at a point wtheyre you are able to keep doing that or are you going to be forced to increase a dividend by a more substantial amount of specialty if your earnings growth continues to run at ttheir rate.  Joey Agree I think – I’ll tell you from tthey board’s perspective and I’ll speak on behalf of tthey entire board. I think ttheyre’s a few important principals in terms of tthey dividend. One is predictability, two is transparency into our thinking, so I appreciate tthey question and ttheyn three is sustainability, and current sustainability as well as growth sustainability. Tthey board generally thinks about tthey dividend in line with tthey AFFO growth.  We’ve moved effectively to a two times a year dividend raise. I don’t think that’s any secret theyre. You can just look at tthey theirtory, which gives better visibility for tthey board in terms of AFFO on an annual basis. And we have a number of different constituencies as all net lease REETs do from individual shareholders and retirees that live off tthey dividend, to tthey ottheyr side of dedicated investors who see it as a ctheyapest from of capital or retained earnings.  So we like to strike a balance ttheyre obviously. I’m a significant shareholder. My family is a significant shareholder. We appreciate tthey dividend, at tthey same time we understand that it’s our ctheyapest from our capital. So I think you will see us continue to strike that balance. Our stated range of 75% to 85% payout ratio of AFFO and FFO maintains and you are right, we are at tthey low end of 74% and ttheyre is obviously an opportunity to consistently be raising that dividend.  Robert Stevenson  Okay, thanks guys.  A - Joey Agree Thank you, Rob. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Please go atheyad.  Q –Alexei Siniakov Good morning. Ttheir is actually Ki Bin’s associate Alexei. Joey Agree Good morning.  Q –Alexei Siniakov Two quick questions for you. First one is, how do you think about tthey deployment of capital. Do you prioritize acquisitions or developments or do you see developments becoming larger part of tthey business over time? Joey Agree I would tell you we look at each individual opportunity across all three platforms. Ttheyy stand on ttheyir own, and so obviously ttheyy have different return thresholds, ttheyy have different parameters, different time horizons to execute on tthey development from an acquisition.  Typical development from start to finish takes approximately 18 months. Our acquisition activity from LOI execution of closing average is 71 days and so we look at every opportunity on its own. We don’t have distinct – I would tell you, we don’t have distinct buckets that we need to deploy a certain amount of capital across. We give our guidance for acquisitions because of that fragmented space, but development is really a function of relationships as well as partner capital solutions is tthey same.  Q –Alexei Siniakov Okay, thank you and a second follow-up. What kind of yield are you projecting on ttheyse developments? Joey Agree So we really haven’t changed any yields in tthey development. We are still targeting, call it 9% returns on development or on a variable basis, 250 basis points wide of wtheyre we can buy a life time product on tthey acquisition market. If we are going to deploy our capital, what I would tell you more importantly, our human capital into a project and into a relationship we have to be able to deploy one, a material amount of capital and ttheyn two, bring true value to tthey table and be value add to all stake holders ttheyre, including our tenants.  Q –Alexei Siniakov Okay great, thank you.  Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from R.J. Milligan of Baird. Please go atheyad.  R.J. Milligan  Hey, good morning guys, most of my questions have been answered, but I hoping Joey maybe you could give us a little more color on Belle Tire, which is now one of your top tenants and maybe just a little bit more background on how you think about underwriting that investment and tthey attributes that you saw ttheyre going forward? Joey Agree Sure, good morning R.J. So what we are extremely drilled out at Belle Tire to our portfolio. We are talking about a company wtheyre frankly three generations of my family have been getting ttheyir tires fixed and changed. My wife was ttheyre three weeks ago, thanks to our fantastic Michigan roads with potholes all over ttheym.  I’ll tell you, Belle is a top tier customer service organization. Net promoter scores that are on par with Apple and Costco, that is pretty tough to accomplish wtheyn most of your customers come in in a pissed off mode and you are in tthey tire and automotive service business.  Tthey portfolio has seven properties and we acquired first transaction with Belle Tire, tthey first time ttheyy’ve ever executed on a sale leaseback. Tthey company is a family owned effectively all 100 stores. Our master lease, ttheyy very well covered at over three times. Great real-estate, main retail thoroughfares, very attractive brick buildings and most importantly, a great operator that we are intimately familiar with; dominant in South East Michigan, 33% market share and brand awareness theyre in South East Michigan, that’s really off tthey chart. It’s a company that frankly I’ve grown up frequenting and seeing ttheyir commercials online.  R.J. Milligan  That’s theylpful. Is it something that you see potential furttheyr opportunities for more sale leasebacks with tthey operator? A - Joey Agree Potentially we look forward to working with Belle across our external platforms, our growth platforms. It’s a growing company, it’s a family owned company. It’s a very prudent and disciplined company. Ttheyy are opening five to seven stores per year theirtorically and so we look at any opportunity to work with Belle Tire and tthey Barnes Family ttheyre. R.J. Milligan  That’s theylpful. Thanks guys, that’s it from me.  Joey Agree Thank you R.J. Operator Our next question comes from John Massocca of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad.  John Massocca Good morning gentlemen. Just got a follow-on to R.J’s question, was ttheyre anything specific that kind of drove tthey burst of acquisitions in tthey tire auto service in auto part sectors in 1Q ’18. Obviously Belle was a factor, but you seem to make a number of ottheyr acquisitions, similar acquisitions in ttheir space outside of just that sale leaseback.  Clay Ttheylen Look, I try to continue to work with all tthey top operators in tthey space, just in tthey broader space I’ll talk about that, but tthey Belle Tire transaction was tthey notable transaction for us in tthey tire and auto service space in tthey quarter.  In regards to tthey auto space and congenital spaces generally I think what you see is we are working with tthey best of tthey best. I mean we are working with Mister Carwash in tthey carwash space; O'Reilly and AutoZone in tthey auto parts space; Belle Tire today and Bridgestone and TVC and tthey tire auto service base theirtorically and now you see Gerber Collision in tthey Collision space. Again, a company that’s owned by tthey Boyd Group of Canada; conservative, disciplined, leader in tthey collision space.  And so we like all of ttheyse spaces. Ttheyy are fantastic operators that we are working with; ttheyy are machine critical brick-and-mortar assets. Obviously ttheyy have an Internet resistance to ttheym. Ttheyy are fungible boxes; ttheyy are smaller price point assets, but again most importantly we are picking we think tthey strongest horses in those spaces. I think you will continue to see us execute on transactions in auto parts, in tire and automotive service and related spaces, and we think it’s a core piece of our investment philosophy. John Massocca And ttheyre is, you know kind of cap on tthey exposure you wanted to you know tire and auto service and it’s tthey second largest retail segment now. Do you think you can go beyond that 7.7%? Joey Agree Oh definitely! I think ttheyre is an opportunity to go beyond 7.7%. I don’t think you are going to see it get outside of a range that’s frankly a rational range, but it’s a broad space. It’s obviously a national space with a lot of fantastic operators, again that internet resistance too, that brick-and-mortar presence being integral.  I don’t think ttheyre is any cap in our minds. I think tthey real cap is finding tthey amount of transactions – tthey right transactions with tthey right operators for us. So it’s up to 7.7% tire auto service generally from 5.6% year-over-year. We would have no problem growing that exposure going forward with tthey right transactions and tthey right operators.  John Massocca Understood and ttheyn on tthey development side, how did you originate tthey two new developments less PCS deals. And is ttheyre an opportunity to add more, all ttheyse specifically given how much growth ttheyre is for ttheym in North American? Joey Agree Yeah, I’ll take your last question. ALDI is a fantastic operators. I think ttheyre are opportunities for to add potentially additional ALDIs in tthey portfolio. We look at opportunities all tthey time. We are big fan of ALDI. Most of our ALDI assets frankly are ground leased wtheyre ttheyy built ttheyir own building on ttheyir own expense and so we’ll continue to look for opportunities to add ALDI to tthey portfolio. Discount and grocery in general is a space that we are very fond off and ALDI we think is a leader in that space.  What was your first John, of how .. John Massocca Just kind of maybe some color on how you originated ttheyse two deals, fetching new deals? Joey Agree Yeah, it’s a good question, very different, very different sources. I’ll tell you that tthey ALDIs in Chickasha, Oklahoma is through our PCS platform with a private developer. It’s a former Staples box that that developer is converting to an ALDI and so we are working hand-in-hand and we’ll obviously own that asset piece of tthey one balance ttheyyet upon completion with that developer.  Tthey Burlington Coat which is our first turnkey Burlington Coat, we acquired tthey land from a large cap shopping center REIT who had been working on tthey transaction theirtorically with Burlington. Obviously ttheyy have some ottheyr areas of – ttheyy have some ottheyr areas of focus and so it is a REIT that we work with theirtorically, we have a great relationship with. We took tthey transaction, ran with it, and ttheyn obviously broke ground ttheir quarter.  John Massocca Understood and ttheyn, kind of shifting gears to tthey balance ttheyyet. Understanding that you probably kind of get through tthey entire forward – you know issuance under tthey forward by March 2019. How does that affect your ability to utilize tthey ATM if your cost to capital was more attractive maybe than tthey forward price?  Joey Agree So no… John Massocca Go atheyad. Joey Agree Go atheyad, I’m sorry. John Massocca So I’m just saying, basically would you be able to utilize tthey ATM if your stock price got above 48 and you thought that maybe you could use more than just tthey equity you have under tthey forward deal? Joey Agree Yeah, it’s a good question. We have no – ttheyre are no restrictions on our ability to raise equity, wtheyttheyr it’s through tthey ATM or anything. So it really is just anottheyr tool in our tool belt and tthey ATM, we could turn tthey ATM on at any time obviously, so during tthey customer blackout periods and ttheyn just touching on tthey forward.  I will tell you, from our perspective it was a unique transaction and just building upon what Clay said, ttheir is a transaction that allowed us to lock in our intermediate cost of capital, frankly to avoid tthey twitter battles, tthey trade wars, tthey Mueller investigation, tthey fed speak and all of tthey external noise that we have out ttheyre that all of us are subject to on a daily basis.  Our number one job is capital preservation. We believe that ttheir transaction accomplittheyys not only that, but it also provides us complete optionality in regard to tthey balance ttheyyet and so tthey ATM is still able to be open at any time or traditional over night offering is still accessible to us. I think ttheyre is three clear takeaways for investors from tthey forward transaction.  One, we are focused on delivering per share results for tthey short intermediate and long term. We are significant shareholders sitting in ttheir room; we are aligned, I think that shows. Two, we will think strategically and ttheyn execute tactically to mitigate those external risks that I spoke of, and things that are outside of our control to eliminate or mitigate those to tthey best of our ability. And ttheyn three and I think most importantly is ttheir transaction shows that frankly I have complete confidence in our team to be able to source high quality opportunities across our three investment platforms, because we are not fortuitous capital raisers theyre.  And so I think those three things are what we looked at and tthey forward falls for those three things and so, all tools remain in our tool belt. What ttheir does is mitigate external risks, lock in a cost of capital for an intermediate term and frankly allow us to focus on what we do best and that’s source of high quality real-estate transactions that actively manage our portfolio.  John Massocca I appreciate tthey color. That’s it from me, thank you guys very much.  Joey Agree Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad.  Todd Stender Hi, thanks guys. Just back to Belle Tire, I think you gave tthey rent coverage, but how about tthey lease term and tthey initial lease yield that you entered at?  Joey Agree Yes, so ttheyse are our 20 year absolute net master lease. I can’t give tthey exact cap rate or dollar amount to it Todd, but I’ll tell you, its inline with theirtorical transactions for us, seven stores, master lease, annual escalations. So it’s a strong lease, again three times coverage like you said. Todd Stender Okay, thank you. And ttheyn how about tthey ALDI, it’s a build-to-suit project. I think tthey lease term is 10 years, which seems a little shorter than what we are used to seeing from you guys. Maybe a little color around ttheyre? Joey Agree Yeah, sure. So it’s really a retrofit of former Staples box that tthey developer is really driving tthey bus on. Those retrofits for backfield second generation phase, 10 year transactions with ALDI are standard. Frankly ttheyy don’t – we typically don’t go beyond 10 years, except on ttheyir typical build-to-suites which are typically ground lease structures that I mentioned, which go up to 20 years. So it’s a retrofit of a former Staples box, 10 year base term, obviously ALDI Corporate Credit and has a lower basis due to tthey retrofit nature of tthey former Staples. Todd Stender And you already own ALDIs, did I theyar that right? Joey Agree We do. I believe all of ttheym are actually ground leases wtheyre ALDI constructed ttheyir buildings and those were 20 year leases.  Todd Stender So no existing master lease that ttheir would go into? Joey Agree No, no existing master lease and I would – I think it would be fair to bet that ALDI has absolutely no master leases, because frankly ttheyy don’t even really like to lease generally speaking unless ttheyy are backfilling, but ttheyy don’t typically master lease.  Todd Stender Okay, great. Thank you.  Joey Agree Thanks Todd.  Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody for joining us. Good luck for tthey remainder of tthey earnings season and we look forward to seeing everybody at tthey upcoming May Week Conference. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.