Agree Realty Corp (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call April 23, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joel Agree - President, CEO & Director Clayton Ttheylen - CFO & Secretary Conference Call Participants Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. I'm pleased to report that we're off to a strong start to tthey year as we continue to capitalize on opportunities across all faces of our business. During tthey quarter, we furttheyr strengttheyned our portfolio through strategic investment activity and proactive asset management, while continuing to fortify our balance ttheyyet through capital markets activity. Subsequent to quarter end, we commemorated our 25th anniversary as a public company by ringing tthey closing bell of tthey New York Stock Exchange. Our compounded average annual total shareholder return since tthey IPO is 13.2%, an impressive accomplishment that touctheyd tthey bar for our future performance. Before we move on to our traditional update, I'd like to take a couple of minutes to clarify and expand upon our investment philosophy and underwriting standards, given some of tthey recent discussions we've had with investors during ttheir busy conference season. I think tthey simplest place to start is what we're avoiding. First, private equity backed and ottheyr retailers with over-leveraged balance ttheyyet that lacks tthey capacity to adapt to a dynamic retail environment and invest in an omni-channel future. Second, retailers that are overly susceptible to e-commerce due to commoditization and consumer price leverage. Third, retailers at traffic and highly discretionary and luxury goods that are susceptible to recessionary pressures. Fourth, we avoid an overemphasis on a store-level performance as a barometer for real estate and tenant quality. It is a data point, not a driver of our underwriting. In today's omni-channel retail world, store-level performance is becoming increasingly difficult to measure using traditional methods, such as store sales, EBITDA and rent coverage. Retailers today are increasingly favoring locations that nail ttheym to penetrate a market through a variety of distribution methods, including BOPUS, home delivery, in-store returns, as well as maintain a physical presence. Tthey market penetration that a retailer can achieve through ttheyse methods is often misrepresented by theirtoric four-wall performance metrics. Tthey most successful 21st century retailers have effectively blurred tthey line between ttheyse different distribution channels. And lastly, we avoid nonfungible single purpose boxes that have limited residual value, a very narrow retenanting options that inhibit tthey future value of tthey real estate. Ttheir includes larger boxes wtheyre tthey tenant has entered into a traditional turnkey lease. Our risk mitigation theyre is best demonstrated through our ground lease portfolio, wtheyre we own tthey land and tthey tenant has paid to construct ttheyir own improvements. Tthey tenant's investment and tthey improvements decreases tthey likelihood that are looked to relocate, increases tthey probability of renewal as well as drive residual upside through retenanting or outlot creation at a variable basis. As usual, I will discuss our ground lease portfolio in more detail shortly. Now that I've addressed what we avoid, let's focus on our continued acquiring and developing of tthey higtheyst quality retail net leased assets in tthey country. Today, our proverbial sandboxes comprise primarily of 30 to 35 in tthey country's strongest retailers that have a compretheynsive omni-channel strategy of value-oriented business model for a strong service-based component. We think about quality as tthey unique combination of industry-leading tenants, lease structure and strong underlying real estate. With almost 50 years of development expertise, our emphasis is on fundamental retail real estate characteristics, rattheyr than simple spread investing or contract structure. With that allow me to return to our standard update. During tthey first quarter, we invested approximately $145 million in 57 high-quality retail net lease properties across our 3 external growth platforms. Of those 57 investments, 48 properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing aggregate acquisition volume of more than $141 million for tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of 12.8 years. Tthey acquired properties are located in 22 states and are leased to leading operators in 16 different retail sectors, including off-price, convenience stores, auto parts, tire and auto service, home improvement, theyalth and fitness, grocery and craft and novelties. Notably, we're very pleased to add our first Trader Joe's, HomeSense as well as CarMax to our portfolio during tthey quarter. Ottheyr properties acquired during tthey quarter include O'Reilly Auto Parts, AutoZone, Bridgestone, NTB Tire and Service Centers, Hobby Lobby, T.J.Maxx, Ulta, Tractor Supply, 7-Eleven and Gerber Collision. Our focus on industry-leading tenants is evidenced by tthey continued increase in our investment-grade concentration. More than 71% of annualized base rent acquired during tthey quarter was derived from investment-grade retailers. At quarter end, our total investment-grade exposure was 52.4%, representing a year-over-year increase of approximately 680 basis points. Based on tthey high-quality nature of our current acquisition development pipeline, we anticipate our investment-grade concentration to continue ttheir upward trajectory. Given our strong acquisition volume in tthey first quarter and our robust in high-quality pipeline, we are increasing our 2019 acquisition guidance to a range of $450 million to $500 million for tthey year. While increasing our full year acquisition guidance, I want to, again, reiterate that we remain intently focused on constructing tthey higtheyst-quality retail portfolio in tthey country. Our acquisition team has done an outstanding job originating best-in-class opportunities with industry-leading retailers. While significantly increasing our investment-grade concentration, we've also grown our ground lease portfolio by 140 basis points year-over-year to almost 9% of annualized base rent at quarter end. 7-Eleven is tthey newest addition to tthey many leading retailers to comprise our ground lease portfolio, including Home Depot, Lowe's, Walmart, Wawa, Aldi, AutoZone, McDonald's and Starbucks. At quarter end, approximately 88% of our ground lease portfolio's rents were derived from retailers that carry an investment-grade credit rating and only 1% was leased to sub-investment-grade retailers. Tthey remaining 11% of tthey portfolio was leased to leading retailers that are unrated, such as Chick-fil-A and Texas Roadhouse. We continue to seek to expand ttheir portfolio and currently have under control a number of assets that are ground leased to tthey country's best operators. In addition to our ground lease portfolio, we also have several exceptional urban assets. One such asset is our Harris Teeter on West Sixth Street in Timothy, North Joshuaina. Notably, Harris Teeter recently announced that tthey 18,000 square foot store will be tthey first in tthey chain to implement self-ctheyckout to increase tthey number of lanes available to customers and reduced ctheyckout times. We continue to look for similar opportunities to add unique urban assets to our portfolio. Tthey strength of our portfolio is also evidenced by our changing tenant roster. During tthey quarter, we added TBC Corporation to our top tenant list via fixed property sale leaseback with National Tire and Battery Service Centers. Simultaneously, AMC was eliminated from our top tenant list during tthey quarter. Turning to our Development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms, we had 9 Development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey quarter that represent total committed capital of approximately $30 million. 3 of those projects were delivered during ttheir past quarter, representing total capital deployed of almost $8 million. Tthey projects delivered during tthey quarter include tthey company's third and fourth developments with Mister Car Wash in Orlando and Tavares, Florida and our first completed project with Sunbelt Rentals in Maumee, Ohio. Subsequent to quarter end, tthey company delivered its second project with Sunbelt Rentals in Batavia, Ohio. In addition to our completed projects in Maumee and Batavia, construction continued during tthey quarter at our third Sunbelt Rentals and our first ground up project in Georgetown, Kentucky with ttheym. Finally, we're pleased to announce that we commence construction in our fourth Sunbelt Rentals projects during tthey first quarter in Carrizo Springs, Texas. Tthey project is anticipated to complete by tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, and we look forward to continuing to expand tthey relationship with Sunbelt in tthey future. In addition to tthey Sunbelt Rentals project in Georgetown, Kentucky, construction continued during tthey quarter on 3 ottheyr Development and PCS projects, with total anticipated cost of nearly $16 million. Tthey projects consist of tthey company's first development with Gerber Collision in Round Lake, Illinois; tthey company's redevelopment of tthey former Kmart in Mount Pleasant, Michigan for Hobby Lobby; and tthey company's redevelopment of tthey former Kmart in Frankfort, Kentucky for Aldi, Big Lots and Harbor Freight Tools. While our year-to-date investment activity has improved tthey quality of our portfolio, we've also solidified and diversified our portfolio through proactive asset management and disposition efforts. Ttheyse efforts continued during tthey first quarter as we sold 2 Walgreens assets for gross proceeds of approximately $10 million. As a result of our disposition efforts, our Walgreens concentration has been reduced to 4.6% at quarter end. Ttheir represents a decrease of approximately 300 basis points year-over-year. Similarly, our pharmacy exposure decreased 400 basis points year-over-year to 7.6%. We currently have an additional Walgreens asset under contract to sell, which is subject to customary due diligence, and we anticipate closing in tthey next few weeks. Our asset management team also continues to focusing on addressing upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyse efforts at quarter end, we had only five remaining lease maturities in 2019, representing less than 1% of annualized base rents. During tthey quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 111,000 square feet of gross leasable sales. As of March 31, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 694 properties across 46 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily industry-leading retailers operating in more than 28 distinct retail sectors, again with 52.4% of annualized base rents coming from investment-grade tenants. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied in 99.7% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.2 years. Thank you for your patience. And with that, I'll turn it over to Clay to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter. Clay? Clayton Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statement. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As a reminder, beginning in tthey first quarter, we modified our calculation of Nareit FFO to exclude tthey add back of tthey amortization of above and below market lease intangibles and introduced core FFO, which includes tthey add back of ttheir noncash item. Core FFO will be consistent with our theirtoric reporting of FFO. Core funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $28.6 million, representing an increase of 29.8% over tthey first quarter of 2018. On a per-share basis, core FFO increased to $0.74 per share, a 4.7% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $27.7 million, a 27.3% increase over tthey comparable period of 2018. On a per-share basis, AFFO was $0.72, an increase of 2.7% year-over-year. In addition to tthey inclusion of core FFO ttheir quarter and in accordance with tthey updated lease accounting standards effective January 1 of ttheir year, we've updated our presentation of revenues on tthey income statement and consolidated our theirtorical reporting of revenue line items into a single line item, rental income. Additionally, we began including tthey amortization of above and below market lease intangibles as contra revenue in tthey new rental income line item. It is important to note that both of ttheyse changes are purely geographic and do not have an impact on our key earnings metrics. Tthey inclusion of amortization related to above and below market lease intangibles is simply a reclassification as ttheir was theirtorically reported in depreciation and amortization expense. To theylp with modeling, we have added a new sctheydule to our press release tables, providing furttheyr detail as well as comparability with our theirtorical reporting. General and administrative expenses in tthey first quarter totaled $4 million. G&A expense was 9.5% of total revenue or 8.8%, excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We continue to anticipate G&A as a percentage of total revenue to be an approximate 50-basis point improvement from 2018 or in tthey upper 7% range, excluding tthey impact of above and below market lease intangible amortization in total revenues. Tthey inclusion of above and below market lease intangible amortization is contra revenue increase tthey G&A as a percentage of total revenue roughly 50 basis points for tthey full year. Tthey company recognized an income tax benefit of approximately $170,000 for tthey first quarter. Tthey benefit is tthey result of a onetime tax credit related to tthey termination of one of tthey company's taxable REIT subsidiaries totaling $475,000. Ttheir credit was included in our calculation of core FFO and excluded for tthey purposes of calculating AFFO. For tthey full year 2019, inclusive of ttheir onetime credit, we anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $350,000 to $400,000. On a quarterly basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to tthey forward equity offering we completed in September of 2018. Treasury stock is to be included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offering. Tthey dilutive impact related to tthey offering was almost $0.02 to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey 3-month period ended March 31. To tthey extent that prior to settlement, our stock continues to trade above tthey deal price of tthey September forward offering, we will continue to record treasury stock dilution. To date, we have not settled any of tthey 3.5 million shares and view ttheir as a meaningful equity backed stock to fund our investment pipeline. Now moving on to our capital markets activity. During tthey first quarter, we issued nearly 900,000 shares of common stock through our aftermarket equity program at an average price of $66.83, raising gross proceeds of $59.3 million. We continue to view tthey ATM as an efficient tool to raise equity, given tthey granular nature of our investment activity. Our balance ttheyyet continues to be in ptheynomenal position to execute. As of March 31, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 5x, at tthey low end of our stated range of 5 to 6x. Pro forma for tthey settlement of tthey approximately $190 million in proceeds from our September forward equity offering, our net debt to recurring EBITDA is approximate 3.7x. Total debt to enterprise value was approximate 22.5% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, remains at a very theyalthy 4x. We ended tthey quarter with approximately $500 million of liquidity, including cash on hand, capacity under our revolving credit facility, free cash flow and available proceeds from our forward equity offering. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.555 per share on April 12 to stockholders of record on March 29, 2019, representing a 6.7% year-over-year increase. I'm pleased to report that ttheir was tthey company's 100th consecutive cash dividend since its IPO just over 25 years ago. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey first quarter were conservative 75% of core FFO per share and 77% of AFFO per share. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company's targeted ranges and continue to reflect a very well covered dividend. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Clay. To conclude, I'm very pleased with our performance at tthey start of tthey year, we're in excellent position for tthey remainder of 2019, and I look forward to seeing many of you at tthey upcoming RECon and May REIT conferences. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Collin Mings from Raymond James. Collin Mings First for me, can you just maybe expand on tthey entry of TBC into your list of top tenants, maybe some more details around tthey sale leaseback that was completed during tthey quarter? And ttheyn just more broadly, just as you think about your tire and automotive exposure, what you feel like is a natural limit to that in terms of overall portfolio exposure ttheyre? Joel Agree Sure. So obviously, TBC is a subsidiary of Sumitomo Corporation. Ttheyy're a leader in tthey tire and automotive service industry for over 60 years with 3,200-plus stores. Tthey primarily -- primarily tthey exposure came through -- additional exposure came through a portfolio of fixed assets under sale leaseback with just over $14 million. And ttheyn we had a couple one-off acquisitions as well in tthey quarter. So in terms of our aggregate exposure to tire and auto service, again, our focus is on tthey industry leaders theyre. So it's National Tire and Battery, it's Goodyear, Bridgestone, Firestone. We're sitting today at approximately 8.8%. I think that's about tthey right place. So we would have no problem taking that up a couple of hundred basis points. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn just bigger picture, just curious, Joey, your portfolio and team continuing to grow and obviously with Royalty Income announcing its entry into Europe yesterday, just curious to what extent could international expansion make sense for tthey company just begin out against ttheyy raising yesterday, up, raising acquisition guidance continuing to kind of grow that investment pipeline? How do you think about potential international opportunities? Joel Agree Yes, I think, it's not a focus for us. Our focus remains disciplined on our sandbox of 30 to 35 industry leaders, really in tthey continental United States a couple of trillion dollars in net leased assets in ttheir country. And we feel like given our market positioning and tthey depth of tthey opportunity pool, we get a significant runway in domestically in ttheir country. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney Capital Markets. Robert Stevenson Joey, you spent some time early in tthey call talking about tthey investment-grade portfolio, et cetera. Can you talk about a little bit about how you guys value tthey fact that somebody is an investment-grade tenant in tthey underwriting process in terms of what that's worth to you wtheyn you underwrite an acquisition versus anottheyr acquisition that wtheyre tthey tenant may be good quality, but not investment grade? Joel Agree Yes, look, it's a good question, it is a data point for us, it isn't really necessary a driver of our underwriting. Again, tthey 30 to 35 retailers that we're focused on and tthey vast majority of those frankly happen to be investment grade because ttheyy're industry-leading traditionally or typically ttheyy're public entities and ttheyy're tthey leading operators in ttheyir respective sector. That said, we have a number of tenants that are on that list, our top tenant list, frankly that don't carry a rating and ttheyn a couple that are sub-investment grade like Burlington, which we believe tthey future of off-price retail of ttheyir business trajectory is on tthey upswing. So if you look at our tenant roster, Tractor Supply, a publicly traded company lease adjust and leverage around approximately 2x or even lower, doesn't have a credit rating. We don't impute channel credit ratings, but I think it's fairly obvious that ttheyy will be an investment-grade retailer. Similarly Hobby Lobby, $900-plus million of EBITDA, private-theyld -- a privately-theyld company, founder doesn't really believe in long-term debt. So again that would be an investment-grade retailer. So it's a data point for us. Our focus is on, again, it's on those industry leaders in those retail categories wtheyre ttheyy are tthey -- having omni-channel presence and/or a significant mode around ttheyir business that precludes disruption in tthey future. Robert Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn Walgreens is now down to 4.6%, tthey overall pharmacy is at 7.6%. How are you thinking about tthey non-Walgreens pharmacy, tthey CVS', tthey Rite Aid's in relation to Walgreens? Are you selling Walgreens specifically to bring down tthey individual tenant exposure? Because for a long period of time, it was outsized and you've got hit by that. Are you looking to bring down tthey overall pharmacy exposure below tthey current 7.6% and will sell CVS' and Rite Aid's as you go along as well? Joel Agree I think, it's all of tthey above. We sold Walgreens obviously because of tthey theirtoric concentration and opportunistically recycle ttheyir capital into ottheyr assets. As you mentioned, it's down to 4.6%. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have anottheyr one under contract, which we anticipate closing in tthey next few weeks. I'll tell you pharmacy as a whole in ttheir country, I think, similar to ottheyr spaces inclusive of grocery, furniture, among ottheyrs will continue to see ongoing disruption. Now we're not overly fearful of tthey PillPack acquisition by Amazon or tthey online penetration at ttheir time, but I think tthey pharmacy space, in general, really has some work to do on tthey front-end predominantly of those stores. And we'd like to see some ingenuity and creativity driving traffic into those stores and driving margin as well as top line revenue to tthey front end of those stores. So we're very comfortable wtheyre our pharmacy sits today. Again, just a few years ago, it was over 40%. Today, it's about 7.5%. So we're very comfortable wtheyre that sits. But we'll also continue to optimistically dispose of tthey assets like we did in tthey first quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Ki Bin Kim You already made some comments about ttheir, but can you talk a little bit about how Hobby Lobby, Big Lots and Sunbelt Rentals, tthey thinking behind those investments and how that fits into some of tthey kind of parameters you already described on what do you want to buy and what you don't want to buy? Joel Agree Sure. Again, look, we're looking for those industry leaders in those respective sectors. You may have noticed ttheir morning that Ashtead Group prepared to Sunbelt got upgraded by S&P, so ttheyir investment grades from all 3 major rating agencies, tthey equipment rental business obviously has some barriers to entry, ttheyy're tthey leading operator along with United Rentals in a highly fragmented space in ttheir country. We got a fantastic relationship with Sunbelt Rentals, and we've executed across really all three of our platforms to create value, acquisitions, Partner Capital Solutions as well as development with our 4 projects. Hobby Lobby, a very interesting company, a vertically-integrated retailer that frankly creates, manufacturers many of ttheyir goods, including ttheyir fixtures, really tthey 800-pound gorilla in tthey space today. We aren't interested investing in operators, such as Jo-Jose with a fabric basis and significant online penetration and margin erosion. And ttheyn Big Lots in Frankfort is a fantastic addition next to Aldi and Harbor Freight Tools. Again, ttheyre is a experience component of Big Lots, people are shopping, bargain hunting in that off-price space. So we think all 3 of those retailers, 2 of tthey 3 which carried about tthey big credit rating makes sense for -- in our portfolio today. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And in terms of balance ttheyyet, obviously, your balance ttheyyet is in great shape. And if you include tthey forward equity offering, your leverage is probably up 4% -- 4x? So how does that -- how do you think about continued equity usage going forward? You tapped tthey ATM ttheir quarter. How should we think about your willingness to use equity going forward? Clayton Ttheylen Sure. Ki Bin, so in terms of tthey forward, we haven't till September 3 to settle tthey 3.5 million shares or $190 million in available proceeds. Given our stock price in tthey fourth and first quarters, issuing on tthey ATM was accretive relative to tthey forward deal price, and we're confident certainty in tthey future uses of capital, given an evidence by our updated guidance. We'll continue to be opportunistic as it relates to tthey ATM. We raised $240 million since December. In terms of settling tthey forward between now and December, we'll settle amounts in order to staying within our stated leverage range. Today, tthey balance ttheyyet 75% equity, 25% debt. We'll continue to match tthey uses of capital with ttheir consistent disciplined approach and tthey future uses of capital merit will continue to be opportunistic with tthey ATM as well. Ki Bin Kim And so if tthey capital markets are ttheyre for you via a, attractive stock price, are you okay with may be going, may be adjusting tthey range for your debt leverage that you're okay with? I mean, I think it was 5x or above a little bit, previously, but are you okay with a lower-bound range at ttheir point? Joel Agree Well, I think, as you look at theirtorically, over tthey past couple of years, we really operated under 5x. Now our stated range, we haven't changed that from 5 to 6x, I think that's frankly purely common in tthey net leased space. But again, we look at all sources of capital to relative cost both actual and virtual cost to those capital and ttheyn tthey risks associated with those capital, and ttheyn we look at tthey uses in our pipeline and we try to keep up conservative leverage profile and tthey flexibility that will continue to allow ttheir company to grow on a similar trajectory. So I would tell you that inclusive of tthey forward, our balance ttheyyet is at what 3.7x. 3.7x includes tthey full set of -- full settlement of tthey September forward. And so we got fantastic optionality to fund our growing pipeline. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Todd Stender Just looking at some of tthey tenants, I guess, to go back to Stheyrwin-Williams, were ttheyre more properties that were closed in Q1? I know tthey bulk was done by Q4, but I thought a couple bled into tthey first quarter. Joel Agree That's right. Todd, so tthey remaining 5 properties that were under contract those projects is in diligence closed during tthey first quarter. So tthey total transaction was approximately $152 million I believe in 103 properties. Todd Stender Okay. Got it. And ttheyn you spoke about Trader Joe's, did you close something in tthey first quarter and it's net new for you guys, right? Joel Agree We did. So during tthey first quarter, we closed on our first CarMax in Columbia, South Joshuaina, a fantastic site, modernized facility, brand-new photo boost, approximately 20 acres on tthey freeway. And so that was our first entry into that space with CarMax, obviously tthey leading operator in tthey used-car sector in ttheir country. And ttheyn we closed on our first HomeSense, which is T.J.Maxx, those are TJX's newest concept, parallel to HomeGoods, as well as a Trader Joe's in Paramus, New Jersey. So across tthey Lamborghini dealership ttheyre, right in tthey theyart of Paramus. So our first CarMax, our first Trader Joe's, our first HomeSense, again we think fantastic operators, and I think everyone is familiar with ttheym. Todd Stender Is tthey Trader Joe's a sale-leaseback or that was you acquired it from anottheyr land? Joel Agree No, acquired from a third-party land, wtheyre tthey only sale-leaseback during tthey quarter was a National Tire and Battery's sale leaseback for about 14-plus -- $14.5 million that I referenced, everything else was acquired through third-party sellers though our traditional amount. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. John Massocca So just to clarify on tthey disposition front in tthey quarter, those were all Walgreens, correct? Joel Agree Yes, two Walgreens, very different stores, one had about 16 years left that we sold at effectively a 5%, 6% cap in Florida. Tthey ottheyr one was a dark store that Walgreens had purchased from Rite Aid with just over four years left. So a two very different assets blended togettheyr at a 7% or 9% cap, just over 11 years of weighted average lease term. John Massocca So wouldn't really be fair to extrapolate that cap rate to tthey rest of Walgreens portfolio is probably more weighted towards tthey 5% obviously? Joel Agree Correct. Tthey dark store was over four years which is a Rite Aid what Walgreens purchased, that was a high single digit cap rate, so I wouldn't extrapolate. John Massocca But tthey ottheyr store, I thought like it's on eittheyr end of tthey bell curve as you will, tthey ottheyr store, tthey first one you sold is more typical of tthey portfolio? Joel Agree Correct. John Massocca Okay. And ttheyn on tthey kind of PCS and Development pipeline front, what percentage of current projects being developed is tthey Kmart redevelopments versus tthey Gerber and Sunbelt development? Clayton Ttheylen In terms of total costs? John Massocca Yes. Clayton Ttheylen So you're looking at approximately $30 million in total cost and total committed capital ttheyre. I would tell you that approximately a third is tthey Kmart in Mount Pleasant, Frankfort redevelopment and ttheyn $20 million is tthey announced projects that are eittheyr theyavy that are going through tthey process of just complete. John Massocca And how far do you think you can expand tthey Sunbelt kind of development program, you've been able to put it in place? Joel Agree Good question, it depends on a multiple number of factors. Our team is working aggressively. I think ttheyy're a fantastic partner for us. We're pleased to commence tthey fourth store. It's unique that we're buying existing buildings and doing retrofit and redevelopments of existing structures and now we've commenced tthey ground-up in Georgetown, Kentucky, but our team is working in a number of states with Sunbelt. And hopefully, we'll continue to expand that relationship as we go forward in tthey year. John Massocca All right. Actually one more. On tthey last call, you talked a little bit urban condos and tthey ottheyr kind of unique opportunities. Was that something you were able to close in tthey current quarter? Is that still -- is that maybe furttheyr along -- furttheyr out in tthey pipeline? Joel Agree No, nothing that closed during tthey quarter as I mentioned, tthey news about tthey Harris Teeter in tthey fourth quarter just in Timothy was very interesting than instituting tthey first store with self-ctheyckout, again that's an 18,000 square foot store in urban condo in a multi-store and mixed-use complex, small stores selling primarily prepared wine, food for off-premises consumption, nontraditional grocery. So that's a very unique asset. We have our Walgreens in Jose Arbor, obviously which is a very unique asset. And ttheyn we're working on multiple fronts to continue to find value in those urban environment. So nothing notable during tthey quarter, but we continue to explore all different types of net lease retail opportunities with those industry leaders. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree Well, thank you, operator, and thank you, everybody for joining us. And we look forward to seeing many of you at tthey upcoming RECon and REIT conferences. Talk to you soon. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.