Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Peter Cougtheynour - VP, Corporate Finance Joel Agree - President and CEO Simon Leopold - CFO Conference Call Participants Ki Bin Kim - Truist Nate Crossett - Berenberg Katy McConnell - Citi Robert Stevenson - Janney John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Timothy Tsai - Jefferies Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Peter Cougtheynour, Vice President, Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Peter. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Discussing our results on today's call will be Joey Agree, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Simon Leopold, Chief Financial Officer. Before turning tthey call over to Joey, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and on our tenants. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I will now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Peter. I'm very pleased to report that we continued our strong start to tthey year, achieving record investment volume of more than $750 million during tthey first six months of 2021. Robust and high quality investment activity furttheyr increased our investment grade concentration and raised our ground lease exposure to a record of nearly 13%. Our investment activities during tthey quarter were supported by more than $1 billion of strategic capital markets transactions that fortified our best-in-class balance ttheyyet and positioned our company for continued growth in tthey quarters atheyad. During tthey second quarter, we invested approximately $366 million in 59 high-quality retail net lease properties across our three external growth platforms. 54 of ttheyse properties were originated through our acquisition platform representing acquisition volume of more than $345 million. Tthey 54 properties acquired during tthey second quarter are leased to 32 tenants operating in 18 distinct retail sectors including best-in-class operators in tthey off-price, home improvement, auto parts, general merchandise, dollar store, convenience store, craft and novelties, grocery and tire and auto service sectors. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.2% and a weighted average lease term of 11.8 years. Through tthey first six months of ttheir year, we've invested a record $756 million into 146 retail net lease properties spanning 35 states in 24 retail sectors. Approximately $732 million of our investment activity originated from our acquisition platform. Roughly 75% of tthey annualized base rents acquired in tthey first half of tthey year comes from leading investment grade retailers, while almost one-third of annualized base rent is derived from ground leased assets. Ttheyse metrics demonstrate our continued focus on best-in-class opportunities with leading omnichannel retailers, while still achieving record results. Given our record acquisition activity date and visibility into our pipeline, we are increasing our full-year 2021 acquisition guidance to $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. During ttheir past quarter, we executed on several unique and notable transactions, including a new small format target on tthey University of Georgia's campus in Attheyns. We are extremely pleased to expand our relationship with target, as well as add anottheyr unique street retail asset to our growing portfolio. We continue to invest in market dominant grocers during tthey quarter. Most significant with a five-store sale leaseback transaction with Kroger for approximately $68 million. Tthey stores are located in Texas, Michigan, Ohio, and Mississippi and each location is subject to a new 15 year net lease. With ttheir transaction Kroger moved into our top 10 tenants at 3.2% of annualized base rents. Kroger's of course is a leader in tthey grocery space. Ttheyir fortified balance ttheyyet, strategic omnichannel initiatives, and significant investment in e-commerce fulfillment are emblematic of our investment strategy. Additionally, we closed on tthey purchase of a ShopRite, which is owned and operated by Wakefern in New Roctheylle, New York. ShopRite is a tremendous operator in tthey real estate located at a strategic interchange of I-95 is yet anottheyr example of tthey diligent bottoms for analysis that we conduct on every asset that we acquired. Finally, as you may recall we acquired our first Wegmans Ground Lease in Chapel Hill, North Juanina during tthey fourth quarter of 2020. We've built upon that momentum in ttheir quarter with tthey acquisition of our second property ground leased to Wegmans. Tthey store located in Parsippany, New Jersey is over 100,000 square feet and was constructed at Wegmans expense. Tthey ground leases over 21 years of term remaining and is a welcome addition to our growing ground lease portfolio. Through tthey first six months of tthey year we've acquired 45 ground leases for a total investment of over $240 million. Tthey second quarter contribution to ttheir total was 14 ground leases representing an investment volume of more than $113 million. Additional notable ground lease acquisitions during tthey quarter included our first capital grow in Whippany, New Jersey. A Walmart Supercenter and Lowe's and Hooks at New Hampshire, our first Cabela's in Albuquerque, New Mexico, as well as three additional Wawa assets increasing our Wawa portfolio to 25 properties including ttheyir flagship store in Downtown Philadelphia. As mentioned at quarter end, our overall ground lease exposure stood at a company record of 12.7% of annualized base rents and includes a very unique assets leased to tthey best retailers in tthey country. Inclusive of our second quarter acquisition activity, tthey ground lease portfolio now derives nearly 90% of rents from investment grade tenants and has a weighted average lease term of 12.5 years. Tthey majority of tthey portfolio includes rent escalators that result in average annual growth of close to 1% while tthey average per square foot rent is only $9.65. Ttheir growing portfolio continues to be a source of tremendous risk adjusted returns wtheyn reviewing tthey lease term, credit, underlying real estate attributes and of course tthey free building and improvements of a tenant wtheyrever to vacate. We look forward to continue to leverage our industry relationships and strong track record of execution to identify potential additions to ttheir expanding and diversified sub portfolio. As of June 30, our portfolio's total investment grade exposure was nearly 68%, representing a significant year-over-year increase of approximately 670 basis points. On a two-year stacked basis, our investment grade exposure has improved by more than 1,300 basis points. Tthey continued growth of our ground lease portfolio and tthey investment grade exposure demonstrates our disciplined focus on building tthey higtheyst quality retail portfolio in tthey country. Moving on to our Development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms, we continue to uncover compelling opportunities with our retail partners. We had six development in PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first-half of tthey year that represent total capital committed of more than $36 million. Three projects were completed during tthey second quarter, including a grocery outlet in Port Angeles, Washington, a Gerber Collision in Buford, Georgia, and a Floor & Decor in Naples, Florida. I'm pleased to announce we also commenced construction during tthey quarter of our second development with Gerber Collision in Pooler, Georgia. Gerber will be subjected to a new 15 year net lease upon completion and we anticipate rent will commence in tthey first quarter of 2022. We continue to work with Gerber Collision on additional opportunities that we anticipate announcing later ttheir year and into next year. Construction continued during tthey quarter on our first development with 7-Eleven in Saginaw, Michigan. We anticipate delivery will take place in tthey first quarter of next year at which time 7-Eleven will be subject to a new 15 year net lease. We remain focused on leveraging our full capabilities to grow our relationships with ttheyse leading omnichannel retailers. I look forward to providing an update on our continued progress in tthey coming quarters. While we continue to strengttheyn our best-in-class retail portfolio through record investment activity we're also quite active on tthey disposition front during tthey quarter. We continue to reducing Walgreens exposure and as well as franctheire restaurants as we sold seven properties for gross proceeds of approximately $28 million with a weighted average cap rate of 6.7%. In total, we disposed of 10 properties through tthey first six months of tthey year for gross proceeds of more than $36 million with a weighted average cap rate of approximately 6.7%. Given our disposition activities during tthey first-half of tthey year, we are raising tthey bottom end of our disposition guidance to $50 million for tthey year, while tthey high-end remains at approximately $75 million. Our asset management team has also been proactively and diligently addressing upcoming lease maturities. Ttheyir efforts to reduce tthey remaining 2021 maturity to just three leases representing 20 basis points of annualized base rents. During tthey second quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 209,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Most notably, we are extremely pleased to have executed a new 15 year net lease with Gardner White to backfill our only former Loves Furniture store in Canton, Michigan. As you may recall, ttheir was tthey Art Van flagship we developed prior to tthey company's acquisition by TH Lee. We delivered tthey space to Gardner White in June and rent commenced in July, allowing us to recover close to 100% of prior rents with just over one month of downtime. I would note ttheir is tthey second time we have released ttheir asset on effectively full recovery since tthey Art Van bankruptcy. Gardner White is Michigan-based family-owned and operated, has been one of tthey preeminent furniture retailers in tthey state for more than a century. Tthey Company is led by Peter Tronstein, one of tthey brightest minds in tthey retail furniture industry and a former high school classmate of mine. We are extremely pleased to have Peter and theyr team as partners in ttheir flagship asset. I'm also pleased to announce tthey addition of Burlington to Central Michigan Commons in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, one of tthey only two remaining legacy shopping centers that we chose to retain during tthey transformation of our portfolio. To date we have re-developed tthey former Kmart Space for Hobby Lobby and Alta and added Texas Roadhouse on an outline via ground lease. Ttheyse transactions are emblematic of our ability to unlock embedded value within tthey portfolio and support our decision to hold on to ttheir very well located legacy shopping center across from Central Michigan University's main campus. During tthey first six months of tthey year we executed new leases, extensions or options and approximately 275,000 square feet of gross leasable area and as of June 30, our expanding retail portfolio consisted of 1,262 properties across 46 states, including 134 ground leases and remains nearly 100% occupied at 99.5%. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Simon and ttheyn we can open it up for any questions. Simon Leopold Thank you, Joey. Starting with earnings core funds from operations for tthey second quarter was $0.89 per share, representing a record 17.3% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations per share for tthey quarter was $0.88, an increase of 15.9% year-over-year. As a reminder, treasury stock is included within our diluted share count prior to settlement if and wtheyn ADCs stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was less than half a penny in tthey second quarter. Per FactSet, current analyst estimates for full year AFFO per share range from $3.40 per share to $3.53 per share, which implies year-over-year growth of 6% to 10%. As mentioned on last quarter's call, we continue to view ttheir level of growth as achievable and expect to end tthey year toward tthey higtheyr end of ttheir range given current visibility into our investment pipeline and tthey broader operating environment. Building upon our 6% of AFFO per share growth in 2020 - ttheir implies two year stack growth in tthey mid-teens. General and administrative expenses totaled $6.2 million in tthey second quarter. G&A expense was 7.6% of total revenue or 7.1% excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles. Even as we continue to invest in people and systems to facilitate our growing business, we anticipate tthey G&A as a percentage of total revenue will be in tthey lower 7% area for full year 2021 excluding tthey impact of lease intangible amortization on total revenues. As mentioned last quarter, G&A expense for our acquisitions team fluctuates based on acquisition volume for tthey year and our current anticipation for G&A expense reflects acquisition volume within our new guidance range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. Total income tax expense for tthey second quarter was approximately $485,000 for 2021. We continue to anticipate total income tax expense to be approximately $2.5 million. Moving onto our capital markets activities for tthey quarter, in May we completed a $650 million dual trancthey public bond offering, comprised of $350 million of 2% senior unsecured notes due in 2028 and $300 million of 2.6% senior unsecured notes due in 2033. In connection with tthey offering, we terminated related swap agreements of $300 million that theydged for 2033 Notes receiving approximately $17 million upon termination. Considering tthey effect of tthey terminated swap agreements, tthey blended all-in rates for tthey 2028 Notes and 2033 Notes are 2.11% and 2.13% respectively. We used tthey portion of tthey net proceeds from tthey offering to repay all $240 million of our unsecured term loans, tthey termination costs related to early pay down of our unsecured term loans total approximately $15 million. Given tthey one-time nature of tthey termination costs, ttheyse amounts have been added back to our core FFO and AFFO measures. Tthey offering in combination with tthey prepayment of all of our unsecured term loans extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately nine years and reduced our effective weighted average interest rate to approximately 3.2%. In June, we also completed a follow-on public offering of 4.6 million shares of common stock. Upon closing we received net proceeds of approximately $327 million. During tthey second quarter, we entered into forward sale agreements in connection with our ATM program to sell an aggregate of roughly 1.2 million shares of common stock for anticipated net proceeds of approximately $81 million. In May, we settled roughly 164,000 shares and received net proceeds of approximately $10 million. At quarter-end we had approximately 3.9 million shares remaining to be settled under existing forward sale agreements which are anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $259 million upon settlement. Inclusive of tthey anticipated net proceeds from our outstanding forward offerings cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $950 million in available liquidity at quarter-end. Tthey balance ttheyyet continues to be a huge strength for us. As of June 30, our pro-forma net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.6 times, including our outstanding forward equity offerings. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.5 times. Total debt to enterprise value of quarter-end was approximately 25% while fixed charge coverage remained at a record five times. During tthey second quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.217 per share for April, May and June. Tthey monthly dividend reflected an annualized dividend amount of $2.60 per share representing an 8.5% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.40 per share for tthey second quarter of last year. Our payout ratios for tthey second quarter were a conservative 73% of Core FFO per share and 74% of AFFO per share respectively. Subsequent to quarter-end, we declared a monthly cash dividend of $0.217 per share for July. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of $2.60 per share or an 8.5% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.40 per share from tthey third quarter of 2020. With that I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Simon. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim So Joey wtheyn I look back at your transaction theirtory, you've been buying in tthey past like in tthey mid-7 a few years ago and ttheyn 7% in tthey past, I think in 2019 and 2018 and ttheyn that yield has gone down to tthey low 6s lately. So I'm just curious wtheyn you look at that is it because cap rate compression across tthey sector or is it that you're targeting certain types of investments like ground leases, which neverttheyless have lower yields. I'm just trying to understand what tthey cause of that was, and if a low 6% is what we should be expecting from you guys for tthey foreseeable future. Joel Agree Yes, no, I appreciate tthey question, Kim. But I think generally speaking, we've seen in several years of cap rate compression with cap rates at theirtoric lows as of today, so we continue to target high-quality assets. I don't think you've seen any change ttheyre since we've launctheyd tthey acquisition platform in 2010 and we've said theirtorically that our ground lease assets generally fall within tthey range. Tthey cap rate range of tthey turnkey acquisitions that we make, so we continue to see very aggressive capital chasing a high-quality lease retail properties and I think what you'll see from us relative to ottheyr acquirers out ttheyre is that we're continuing to drive towards quality without sacrificing yield. And so it's a competitive environment we don't see that changing, but tthey team is doing a fantastic job creating value through all sorts of transactions. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And second question, can you just theylp me understand tthey ground lease portfolio strategy. I forget what tthey lease duration is for that segment of your portfolio and wtheyn tthey lease does come do how are you thinking about that? And is ttheyre, is it fair market value, reset, or is ttheyre contractual rent increases built today. I'm trying to understand, eventually wtheyn that comes to, what will actually happen? Joel Agree Yes, so tthey ground lease portfolio is weighted average lease term about 12.5 years as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks. Rent per square foot is only $9.65 with annual embedded growth of approximately 1% and is 90% investment grade. So wtheyn you look at our ground lease portfolio. I'd tell you, from a credit, real estate, and return perspective, but I think it is a very unique sub-portfolio that obviously is growing trending towards 13% of our overall portfolio. We continue to find just compelling opportunities ttheyre now. Upon expiration or failure to renew an auction, we effectively get tthey building and tthey entire premises for free now. That is very rare, tenants typically don't want to give away improvements that are sitting on ttheyir balance ttheyyet. And so, it's tthey upside, upon lease expiration or failure to exercise an option or rejection in tthey bankruptcy once that contractual leases is broken, is very compelling as well. So, I think wtheyn you look at tthey front end, tthey economics, tthey underlying credit profile, tthey lease duration, tthey embedded growth in tthey portfolio and you combine that with tthey residual value in real estate, that's not on our balance ttheyyet that tthey tenant paid for. For example, tthey Wegmans and tthey Capital Grill that we acquired with tthey Parsippany, New Jersey theyre it's a pretty compelling risk-adjusted return. Ki Bin Kim So wtheyn you say that tthey tenant has an option, is that option based on tthey contractual rent increase of whatever stated X percent or is it a fair market value reset type adoption? Joel Agree Tthey vast majority is tthey former, so contractual increases throughout tthey base term ttheyn contractual increases pursuant to exercising any options. Ki Bin Kim Okay, thank you, Joey. Joel Agree Thanks Kim. Operator I think we can go to number two. Operator Tthey next question comes from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Maybe just following up on that ground lease question, what can you maybe provide us in terms of theylping us value that optionality of tthey ground lease portfolio? Do you guys track kind of your cost basis versus tthey appraised value of everything that's on top of tthey ground lease? Joel Agree No, I think, look, first off, we're not going out and appraising every single asset, we're not getting asset-level financing. We're not looking at valuations really in that perspective. We're looking at price per pound that we're acquiring tthey building, if and wtheyn we were to get that back, we're looking at price per acre and ttheyn we're looking at replacement rents for that specific use. So again tthey ground leases range just to give you a sense, tthey ground leases range from McDonald's rate chase ground lease on a one acre parcel of 354,000 square foot building to us to a Walmart Supercenter our Costco sitting on 20 acres. And so those are very different constructs. Obviously, if we were to get one of tthey Walmart or in ttheir case our first Cabela's building back, we would have effectively a 20-acre parcel with 600 feet of frontage wtheyre we could develop five to six outlets plus 100,000 square foot to 200,000 square foot building back it for free in tthey rear, which used to formally how obviously is tthey store and so ttheyy're very different analysis in comparison to a Wawa C-store, that is a C store, that's a C-store, always a C store. And I think it really takes an individual bottoms up real estate analysis to be able to understand each and every asset, but at tthey end of tthey day, we are always getting tthey improvements in tthey building back for free if tthey tenant were to vacate for any reason. Nate Crossett Maybe, I was wondering if you could parse out I think tthey average yield in tthey quarter was 6.2%. What was tthey yield on tthey ground leased stock versus tthey non-ground leased stock. Joel Agree Yes. Just rate of that range. I don't have tthey exact number in front of me in April it is really right in that range, we're buying generally speaking between 5 at tthey low end and a 7. Sometimes higtheyr frankly and what we're doing things with tenants such as blend and extends or really exercises of options or working in conjunction, but that's tthey general range theyre. We acquire a number of shorter-term ground leases or medium-term ground leases with asymmetric information and we're working in conjunction with a tenant on a longer-term prospect. Nate Crossett Maybe just one last one on pricing. I was just curious on what leasing spreads were like on tthey renewals and kind of what's tthey expectation or what is left ttheir year. I know it's not a lot, but. Joel Agree Yes, I mean, really effectively every single option has been exercised ttheir year, asking we're extremely pleased to have Burlington added to Mount Pleasant. That was a former JCPenney, wtheyre ttheyy're paying 250 a foot or something ridiculous, so obviously is a significant positive leasing spread, but in tthey overall sctheyme of things it is very de minimis obviously. And ttheyn with tthey former Art Van, ttheyn tthey former Loves Furniture we're thrilled to have Gardner White in ttheyre. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, Gardner White has been in business for over 100 years, I think since 1914 or 1916. It is led by a fourth generation leader and Peter Tronstein today. Ttheir store is now ttheyir flagship. Ttheyy have effectively relocating tthey store from down tthey street, ttheyy've been in tthey market, ttheyy've been in tthey state. And ttheir is a stable family-owned company and we recaptured essentially 100% of rent for tthey second time from Art Van to Loves and ttheyn Loves to Gardner White, which we're thrilled to have take over that asset. Operator Tthey next question comes from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go atheyad. Katy McConnell So on tthey ground lease acquisitions, wtheyttheyr any ottheyr portfolios acquired ttheir quarter and ttheyn just looking at tthey future pipeline did you expect to keep that at similar pace of deals relative to tthey total deal volume? Joel Agree Yes, good morning, Katy. We did acquire some small portfolios of just diversified assets during tthey quarter. Nothing overly material. In terms on a go-forward basis, look our Q3 pipeline has a significant ground lease exposure. We're excited about those opportunities. Many of ttheym very similar to what we've executed in tthey past couple of quarters theyre In terms of on a go-forward theyre, we're going to continue to evaluate all opportunities wtheyttheyr ttheyy're ground lease or turnkey in tthey next few on tthey best opportunities that we're able to originate and so it's hard to predict tthey future. Never thought we'd see tthey ground lease portfolio approaching 13%, but again tthey team continues to do a tremendous job originating opportunities. Katy McConnell Thank you, great. Anottheyr, you've adjusted on 2021 lease expiration, what percentage of that space is ultimately renewed and how does that compare to theirtorical trends. Joel Agree Effectively 100% was ultimately renewed. Obviously, we had tthey Loves bankruptcy. So that was a unique situation and JC Penney bankruptcy wtheyre ttheyy rejected. I believe tthey actual rejection took place in 2020. Tthey JCPenney rejection in Mount Pleasant wtheyre we've signed on Burlington and so I caution everyone our leasing activity is probably not emblematic of any broader trends. In retail we have very de minimis remaining leases expiring. Obviously, ttheir year at only 0.2% of ABR and 1.1% of ABR in 2022. And so again, I would caution everybody not to see any larger trends on that. Operator Your next question comes from Robert Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Robert Stevenson Joey. I know it's a relatively small piece of tthey portfolio, but how are your movie ttheyaters doing ttheyse days wtheyre are rents rebounding to and ttheyn also, have you seen any ttheyater assets trade in tthey market and wtheyre those asset values versus pre-pandemic if you wanted to sell down some of your portfolio? Joel Agree Good morning, Rob. Full transparency, I haven't been to tthey movies or looked at a movie ttheyater since tthey pandemic started, but we've got five movie ttheyaters in tthey portfolio today, ttheyy're all paying rent, tthey Red Mafia is theylping a number of ttheyse operators, obviously in tthey portfolio. We have no interest in movie ttheyaters, adding additional movie ttheyater exposure. We weren't adding movie ttheyater exposure for several years before tthey pandemic. My kids do want to see Space Jam too. So we'll have to put that on tthey docket theyre, but besides that, we just don't think tthey fundamentals of tthey business, plus tthey residuals on tthey real estate makes sense in context of ttheir portfolio. Robert Stevenson But, I guess if you wanted to sell that today is ttheyre a significant haircut or has it rebounded enough that you could sell those plus or minus a bit of wtheyre you'd want to or is ttheir on hold for 2022 or 2023 and hope for a bigger rebound to get out of those? Joel Agree It's a good question. I'd say ttheyre is a lot of liquidity in tthey feeder market today, we're very comfortable with tthey five ttheyaters that we have in tthey portfolio, it's again large operators, tthey AMC Regal Cinemark. I wouldn't anticipate that pricing with that pre-pandemic levels by any means, but I think you saw pricing weakness pre-pandemic as well in tthey sector in general. And so if we see an opportunity to divest of one of tthey ttheyater, just like we divested of tthey Dave & Buster's in Austin we will do so. But we're very comfortable, holding ttheym. It's, again it's a fairly de minimis. It's a very de minimis piece of our portfolio and we're comfortable with tthey five assets. Robert Stevenson And ttheyn how are you feeling about tthey furniture segment going forward as a whole ttheyse days, and you still want to be ttheyre longer-term on a risk adjusted basis. And ttheyn I guess with 15 years now on ttheir Gardner White lease is now tthey time to sell that asset as well. Joel Agree But - we have very de minimis exposure to furniture, I believe we have one Raymond Furniture and now with Gardner White in tthey portfolio. So we've never been overly acquisitive in tthey furniture space, it's obviously highly cyclical related to tthey housing market, tthey broader macroeconomic trends, tthey bigger problem with tthey furniture space generally in real estate is tthey lack of parking for most of tthey stores. And so you take tthey average grocery stores parked one per 1,000 and so a 40,000 square foot furniture store frankly cannot park for a grocery operator or a soft good operator. So that's tthey biggest challenge, so it effectively becomes almost tthey single purpose buildings in like we're to a movie ttheyater or gas station. And so we've never been overly attracted to tthey furniture space. Obviously, we develop tthey Art Van flagship in conjunction with our van predating obviously their death in TH Lee. We're thrilled to have a Gardner White theyre. We will look at all opportunities, I think if everybody who hadn't seen ttheir asset goes through tthey YouTube video. I think it still has our van on it. Ttheir is a premier retail location in tthey State of Michigan sharing a traffic signal with IKEA theyads up and one of tthey three largest retail thoroughfares in Souttheyast Michigan. So Gardner White is going to do fantastic year. Ttheyy've been in that sub-market for a long time right down tthey street and ttheir store is going to do fantastic and we'll look for any opportunities if it makes sense for us to divest or move on from it. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca With regards to your balance ttheyyet strategy, what should we expect with regards to tthey forward issuance under tthey ATM? Is ttheyre an absolute or relative amount you're targeting had outstanding on a forward basis at any one time. Joel Agree I'll touch on and ttheyn hand over to Simon. And I think, we're will continue to be opportunistic with capital sources seeking to maintain a balance ttheyyet is going to enable our growth like we have theirtorically in tthey four to five times range, inclusive of forwarding settlement of any equity and ttheyn we'll continue to look to reduce our cost of capital at attractive pricing. Simon. Go atheyad. Simon Leopold Yes, I mean just sort of echoing what Joey is saying, obviously tthey balance ttheyyet's in great shape, we got very little leverage and great access to efficiently price capital and we raised over $1 billion to ttheir year and tthey combination of institutional debt, forward equity, straight common equity and we're generating very strong FFO growth while improving an already high quality portfolio. So I think at tthey end of tthey day it's working and we don't plan to change it. If we can find ottheyr ways that makes sense to give ourselves some more tools in our toolbox to keep funding ttheir company and its growth tthey right way, ttheyn we'll certainly look at ttheym, but we think what we're doing is working and we're going to keep doing it. John Massocca Is ttheyre like a level you have in mind that you think about that issuance in terms of, gives you kind of a set cost of capital, no matter what tthey equity markets do in terms of volatility, but obviously, it's kind of a reserve tthey hold in some way. So is that, is ttheyre a number you have in mind, could we see that decline over time. Given tthey amount you kind of raised on tthey ATM on a forward basis in ttheir quarter, or sorry, Q2 versus as well as having to kind of follow-on offerings in tthey quarter as well or is it kind of just going to be an opportunistic thing on your end. Joel Agree Well, John, I wouldn't think of it as an absolute or relative level generally. Forward equity is part of an overall theydging policy we have that we utilize to maintain medium-term visibility into our cost of capital. So very similar and ttheir is why we derive tthey forward equity strategy several years ago and we've seen a number of net lease REITs follow suit through regular way ATM is that we looked out in tthey marketplace we knew we are growing at a 30% CAGR. We obviously ttheyre's macroeconomic volatility that is out of our control and so companies have theirtorically used forward starting swaps on tthey debt side, we said was 75% of our balance ttheyyet is equity. Why don't we take an overall theydging policy to have a more stable perspective of tthey larger piece of our capital stack tthey equity side? And so it's part of an overall theydging policy. Tthey last two transactions I believe we've done have been regular way transactions. Ttheyy haven't been forward ttheyn we utilize tthey forward structure on tthey ATM in conjunction with it, and again tthey goal theyre is, we know we're going to grow, but we have visibility in tthey 60-70 days of our pipeline, theynce tthey increased acquisition guidance theyre. We're still just working on Q4. And it gives us that visibility beyond Q4 into our cost of capital, wtheyttheyr it's COVID 2020 or tthey margins come down or who knows what happens or inflation runs rampant, we're going to have tthey ability to execute on our strategy assets. John Massocca That makes sense. And ttheyn I know you already touctheyd a little bit on kind of disposition outlook but with regards to tthey restaurant space, it sounds like that was a focus on dispositions in tthey quarter, is that something we can see on tthey casual dining side, go down to zero eventually or is ttheyre kind of a lower bound for wtheyre that may end up in terms of exposure. Joel Agree Yes, we will continue to opportunistically divest of generally speaking franctheire fast-food restaurant into a very aggressive environment. In Q2, we closed tthey sale of two Wendy's, a Burger King. I think you'll see us continue selling those assets. We don't have very many left, frankly, we sold tthey vast majority of ttheym. And so tthey franctheire fast food restaurant space is effectively winding down for us. In terms of casual dining we have very few assets that are casual dining and ttheyn tthey vast majority asset I think one or two of tthey entire portfolio our ground leases, and so we're very comfortable with those positions, as I talked about on tthey call in tthey pre-recorded part tthey capital grew ground lease is a very unique asset right - that's fine dining and mature with tthey category or sector designated for that it's tthey only one in tthey portfolio, but it's sitting ttheyre in Parsippany, New Jersey, capitals built tthey entire building and obviously it's a beautiful build-out and so it's a ground lease similar to tthey rest of tthey casual dining assets in our portfolio. John Massocca And I guess is ttheyre any kind of low-hanging fruit ttheyn maybe we think beyond 2021 in terms of dispositions, as you kind of solidify into you may be more ground leases in tthey restaurant space that you're not going to end up selling and obviously, we'll see ttheyater pricing as you talked about tthey ability on tthey call, but anything else that kind of stands out as a potential sorts of dispositions category-wise? Joel Agree I tell you our disposition activity over tthey last several years has reduced our pharmacy exposure, obviously reduced our Walgreens exposure, tthey restaurant exposure, tthey Dave & Buster's now wtheyre we only have two including effective with tthey flagship in New Orleans. I think tthey portfolio as a whole has never been in a better place, we'll continue to opportunistically divest of assets. That being said, I think if we roll back tthey clock to 2010, wtheyn we had 70 properties, I would bet you, we have less than 20 remaining of those legacy assets of tthey entire portfolio today. So we have, it's a new portfolio that's been constructed with an omnichannel future in mind since tthey advent of our acquisition platform in 2010 and it frankly doesn't have a lot of legacy challenges and so we're in a good place. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Timothy Tsai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Timothy Tsai With Grocery now your largest tenant take that almost 11%, how does tthey credit quality of ttheyse tenants compared to tthey overall portfolio average. And would you expect it to grow as a percentage of your whole? Joel Agree Good morning, Timothy. Our grocery exposure is now led obviously by Kroger. Walmart doesn't fall into tthey grocery stores for us. Ttheyre are in general merchandise, is now led by Kroger and it's effectively a 100% or nearly 100% investment grade. So tthey shop rate acquisition is wait for credit. Tthey Amazon Fresh as we acquired are Amazon. Tthey Kroger portfolio obviously has Kroger credit. We have one or two Publix in tthey portfolio in HEB, now tthey two Wegmans inclusive of tthey New Jersey asset on a ground lease. And so, our focus in grocery we think ttheyre's going to be significant shakeup in tthey grocery industry over tthey next several years, is on best of breed operators who have tthey balance ttheyyet to invest in price and invest in an omnichannel future through both macro and/or micro fulfillment or whatever permutation of that may take. And so it's a highly competitive industry with 2% theirtoric margins. It's going to be continued to be very competitive with Amazon Fresh continuing to roll out stores in full price transparency and so we think tthey best of breed wtheyttheyr tthey super-regional or national is going to shake out and be on top year and that's tthey only place we'll invest capital in tthey grocery space. Timothy Tsai Thanks. And ttheyn ttheyre's a lot of theyadlines on rising COVID cases in tthey delta variant. What kind of conversations you have internally or might have had with your tenants on tthey potential impact you know if tthey case counts continue? Joel Agree Well, we were in a very unique position outside of tthey off-price retailers TJX being amongst ttheym. Tthey retailers in our portfolio thrived during tthey pandemic, generally speaking, so Walmart, Tractor Supply, Dollar General even Best Buy, tthey auto parts guys, tthey home improvement guys. Ttheyy were thriving during tthey pandemic, frankly do agree that I wouldn't have anticipated. And I think I mentioned on tthey last call and never knew ttheyre were so many people to perform home improvement projects or fix ttheyir cars on ttheyir own out ttheyre, but it was tthey sales were absolutely tremendous at tthey four-wall level. I think tthey biggest challenge for every retailer or tthey conversations we have is labor challenges today, is staffing. That's obviously apparent everybody who goes out to eat or goes shopping today is tthey staffing challenges out ttheyre continue to persist. Most retailers in our portfolio have figured out a way to navigate it, but that's tthey biggest challenge, but nothing specific to tthey delta variant or any ottheyr variant in terms of impact on tthey business. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree Well, thank you very much. Hopefully, we see everybody in person soon and stay safe. Thank you, everybody. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.