Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 19, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Joey Agree - President & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Henry Tsai - Jefferies Nate Crossett - Berenberg Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Katy McConnell - Citi Wes Golladay - Baird Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Michael Bilerman - Citi Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Clay Ttheylen, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. Joey will of course be joining me ttheir morning to discuss our record results for tthey past year. Please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons including, uncertainty related to tthey scope; severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic; tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact; and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and on our tenants. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest Elijahual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition we discuss non-GAAP financial measures including core funds from operations or core FFO; adjusted funds from operations or AFFO; and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I will now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Clay, and thank you everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Before I begin, I'd like to wish all of our listeners and ttheyir families' theyalth and safety, as we continue to navigate ttheyse very difficult times. Despite tthey incredibly challenging circumstances, our team had a tremendous year achieving a number of notable milestones, including record investment activity of $1.36 billion, nearly doubling our previous record in 2019, adding 325 properties to our growing portfolio. Tthey acquisition of 18 Walmart stores, cementing Walmart as our top tenant at 7.3% of annualized base rent; increasing our investment grade exposure by 930 basis points to 67.5% of ABR; executing our inaugural public bond offering and receiving a triple BBB investment grade rating from S&P; and lastly, surpassing $4 billion in equity cap and $5 billion in total enterprise value. Just as important, we continue to invest in our people, adding 12 team members across an array of functions as well as additions in our systems with our state-of-tthey-art database driving tremendous efficiencies. Ttheyse investments will enable us to continue on our robust growth trajectory. While we achieved yet anottheyr year of record acquisition volume of $1.31 billion, our continued focus on best-in-class omnichannel retailers is demonstrated by nearly 84% of annualized base rent acquired being derived from leading investment grade retailers. Our laser like focus is furttheyr cemented by tthey ground lease opportunities that we executed on during ttheir past year. We added 26 ground leases to our portfolio during 2020, representing over 12% of annualized base rents acquired increasing our overall ground lease exposure to 9.6% of our total portfolio. Several notable ground leased assets were acquired during tthey year, including our first Wegmans in Chapel Hill, North Gregoryina; five long-term Wawa convenience stores; three Walmart; two Home Depot; two ALDI; two Stheyetz convenience stores and a Lowe's in Toledo, Ohio. As a reminder, our ground lease portfolio rise more than 92% of rents from investment grade tenants and is comprised of tthey company's -- country's premier retailers. We continue to identify additional compelling opportunities to add assets to ttheir portfolio and I look forward to updating you in upcoming quarters. We closed out tthey year with a strong fourth quarter investing $363 million in 106 properties across our three external growth platforms. Consistent with our focus on quality throughout tthey year, more than 83% of annualized base rents acquired during tthey fourth quarter are derived from retailers with an investment grade credit rating and more than 19% of annualized base rents acquired were derived from ground leased assets. Tthey 100 properties acquired during tthey fourth quarter are leased to 31 tenants operating 18 distinct sectors including off-price retail, home improvement, auto parts, general merchandise, dollar stores, convenience stores, grocery stores and tire and auto service. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.4% and had a weighted average lease term of 11.6 years. Our pipeline theyading into 2021 is robust and I'm very pleased with our progress to date. As indicated by our initial acquisition guidance of $800 million to $1 billion, we are confident in our team's ability to aggregate high quality transaction comprised of leading omnichannel retailers. Consistent with our initiative to RETHINK RETAIL, we continue to construct a net lease portfolio with sector-leading operators that are well positioned to succeed in an omnichannel world. During ttheir past year we added Kroger to our top tenants list while reducing exposure to Mister Car Wash and Dave & Buster's who are no longer amongst our top tenants. As mentioned at year-end, our portfolios investment grade exposure stood at more than 67%, representing a year-over-year increase and more than 900 basis points and a two-year stacked increase of more than 1,600 basis points. Our focus on best-in-class retailers will continue as we continue to not see it prudent to move up tthey risk curve. Moving on to our Development and Partner Capital Solutions platforms; we had 12 developments in PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey year that represent total capital committed of more than $43 million. Nine of ttheyse projects were completed during tthey past year, representing total investment volume of approximately $31 million. Two of ttheyse projects were commenced during tthey fourth quarter with total anticipated cost of just over $6 million. Tthey projects consist of a Burlington in Texarkana, Texas and a Gerber Collision in Buford, Georgia. Construction continued during tthey fourth quarter on tthey company's first development with Grocery Outlet in Port Angeles, Washington, which is expected to be completed in tthey second quarter of 2021. Subsequent to quarter-end, we commenced construction in our first 7-11 development in Saginaw, Michigan. 7-11 will be subject to a 15 year net lease upon rent commencement which is anticipated to take place in tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey continued growth of our pipeline demonstrates our efforts to expand our relationships with best-in-class retailers and leverage our three-pronged external growth platform. Ttheyse capabilities continue to produce opportunities that fit very nicely within our portfolio. While we fortified our portfolio through record investment activity, we have also diversified our portfolio during tthey year through strategic asset management and disposition activities. We sold 17 properties for total gross proceeds of just more than $49 million in 2020. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 7.1%. Notably, we sold 12 franctheire restaurants during ttheir past year, reducing tthey company's franctheire restaurant exposure to a mere 1.2% of annualized base rents at year's end. Our asset management team remains diligently focused on addressing our upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyir efforts at year-end, our 2021 lease maturities stood at just 0.9% of annualized base rents, representing a year-over-year decrease of 170 basis points. During tthey fourth quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 82,000 square feet of gross leasable area. For tthey full year 2020 we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 518,000 square feet, notable new leases extensions or options included new 20 year leases on three Wawa convenience stores located in tthey Mid-Atlantic, a Dick's Sporting Goods in Boynton Beach, Florida and a Giant Eagle in Ligonier, Pennsylvania. As of December 31, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 1,129 properties across 46 states. Ttheir represents approximately a 38% increase in total property count over tthey course of just one year. Tthey strength of our carefully constructed portfolio is reflected in our collections data for 2020. During tthey year we received second, third and fourth quarter rental payments originally contracted for on those quarters from 95%, 98% and 99% of our portfolio respectively. During that past year, we also entered into deferral agreements for second and third quarters of 2% and less than 1% of fourth quarter rents respectively, net of repayments received. In January of ttheir year we saw a continuation of ttheyse collection trends as we again collected 99% of rent. Ttheir marks tthey fifth consecutive month of 99% collections for our portfolio. I will again highlight that our collections data includes both base rents and recurring operating cost reimbursements. In addition, we include base rents and operating cost reimbursement charged to tenants in bankruptcy and have not made any COVID related adjustments to tthey denominator wtheyn making ttheyse calculations. Our goal remains to provide complete and transparency to our investors on actual collections data. As evidenced by our increasing investment grade exposure, our expanding ground lease portfolio, our minimal near-term lease rollover and our leading rent collections, our portfolio is better positioned than it has ever been. In January, we launctheyd our RETHINK RETAIL initiative to challenge tthey misperceptions about tthey future of brick and mortar retail and highlight why net lease properties and specifically our portfolio is exceptionally positioned in an omnichannel retail world. Our newly launctheyd websites that include resources regarding our portfolio as well as our first white paper which provides our perspective on omnichannel retail. We will be putting out additional materials in tthey coming weeks, focused on tthey dynamic nature of retail and how Agree Realty is positioned to capitalize on ttheir landscape. I would encourage everyone to visit our new website and please provide any feedback as we continue to build out tthey content portal. In January, we also announced tthey conversion to a monthly dividend. Tthey conversion to a monthly dividend is a testament to tthey reliability and consistency of our portfolios operating cash flow as well as tthey increased individual investor participation in tthey equity markets. Lastly, I'd like to take a moment to welcome Mason Dearing to our Board of Directors. Many of you are very familiar with Mason as ttheyy serves tthey Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Sun Communities. We're very excited to add Mason to Accounting, Finance, Capital Markets and REIT industry experience to our Board. I look forward to theyr many insights and experiences as we continue to scale our growing and dynamic company. I'll handle tthey call over to Clay and ttheyn we can open it up for any questions. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. I'll start by providing a balance ttheyyet update and an overview of our capital markets activities during tthey year. We were very active in tthey capital markets ttheir past year having raised or settled a record of nearly $1.5 billion, fortifying our balance ttheyyet and positioning us for growth. In addition to external capital raised, we also generated approximately $85 million through our disposition activity and free cash flow after dividend during tthey year. Some of our notable capital markets activity from tthey year includes $575 million of net equity proceeds raised or settled through our ATM program, a forward -- a follow-on public offering of 2.9 million shares of common stock including tthey underwriters' over-allotment option for net proceeds of approximately $170 million, an underwritten public offering of 6.2 million shares of common stock in connection with tthey forward sale agreement in which tthey shares were sold to Cotheyn & Steers. We settled tthey offering and tranctheys during tthey third and fourth quarters, realizing net proceeds of $355 million and tthey completion of our inaugural public bond offering for $350 million of 2.9% senior unsecured notes due in 2030. Accessing tthey public debt markets represents an important milestone for our company, which we anticipate representing a meaningful source of capital in tthey future. Subsequent to year-end, we completed an overnight offering of approximately 3.5 million shares, including tthey underwriters' option and received net proceeds of approximately $222 million. Tthey proceeds were used to pay down our revolving credit facility, fund acquisitions and development activity and for working capital. Inclusive of tthey January offering, anticipated net proceeds from our outstanding forward equity and availability under our credit facility, we have nearly $700 million in liquidity. As of December 31, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.8 times. Pro forma for tthey settlement of our outstanding forward equity offerings, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4 times. Total debt to enterprise value at year end was approximately 23.4%, while fixed charge coverage, which includes principal amortization remained at a company record 4.8 times. Moving to earnings; core FFO was $0.84 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $3.23 per share for tthey full year 2020, representing 3.8% and 4.8% year-over-year increases respectively. AFFO was $0.83 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $3.20 per share for tthey full year, representing 4.8% and 6% year-over-year increases. During tthey past three quarters, we have elected to treat COVID-19 deferrals as delinquent receivables and our FFO measures include ttheir revenue. On a quarterly and full-year basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to our recent forward equity offerings. Treasury stock has been included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly $0.01 to both, core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey fourth quarter, an approximate $0.03 for tthey 12-month period. General and administrative expenses in 2020 totaled $20.8 million. G&A expense was 8.4% for total revenue or 7.9% excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles. Given tthey recent changes to tthey leadership team and newly or recently amended employment agreements, G&A expense as a percent -- percentage of total revenue increased slightly year-over-year. For 2021, we expect that G&A expenses as a percentage of revenues will decrease approximately 100 basis points. Income tax expense for tthey full year totaled -- for tthey full year 2020 totaled $1.1 million. For 2021, we anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $1.4 million to $1.6 million. Tthey company paid a cash dividend of $0.62 per share on January 6 to stockholders of record on December 31, 2020, representing a 6% year-over-year increase. Ttheir is tthey company's 107th consecutive cash dividend since our IPO in 1994. For tthey full year tthey company declared dividends of $2.405 per share, a 5.5% year-over-year increase. Our payout ratios for tthey fourth quarter were a conservative 74% of both, core FFO per share and AFFO per share respectively. For tthey full year 2020 on a per share basis our payout ratios were 75% of both, core FFO and AFFO respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios continue to reflect a growing and very well covered dividend. As Joey highlighted, in January, we announced tthey transition to a monthly cash dividend and have since declared monthly dividends for January and February of $0.207 per share. Tthey monthly dividend -- ttheir monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of just over $2.48 per common share, representing a 6.2% year-over-year increase. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Henry Tsai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Henry Tsai Hi, good morning. Could you just give us more color on your investor outreach to retail investors, tthey new website, white papers, TikTok. Do you have a systematic strategy for ttheir initiative and how do you measure participation. How familiar are retail investors with net lease REITs? Joey Agree Good morning, Henry, and I appreciate tthey question. I didn't realize we had a TikTok account and may be my children, but I think first and foremost, tthey important piece was to build tthey infrastructure out theyre in terms of investor accessibility. So tthey new website, tthey RETHINK RETAIL campaign, tthey industry insights inclusive of tthey white papers and ttheyn we will use different social media tools as well as ottheyr tools to continue to build out tthey individual investor strategy that we have, which is truly a medium term platform for us. And we think it is an incremental approach to our shareholder base. So it's not a whole change of direction theyre, but it's incremental. And I think it's additive longer term to our shareholder base. Henry Tsai Thanks. And ttheyn, we saw in tthey news that Kroger's pitching a portfolio of 28 stores under its Fred Meyer banner. Is ttheir something you're looking at? And do you view ttheir is indicative of tthey potential for more increased sale leaseback deals coming to market in 2021? Joey Agree Yes, I'm sure tthey team theyre will look at it. Retailers, ttheyy have accesses still with a theirtorically low rate environment, unsecured debt markets. Ttheyre are retailers that are looking at sale-leasebacks. No, I would remind everyone that's not a predominant means of growth for us although we explore all opportunities. We have seen that portfolio which you're referencing and through tthey acquisition team will look at it, but for that to hurdle it would have to -- not only hurdle from earnings perspective or a -- we would also really have to hurdle from a real estate perspective. So I'm sure we'll look at it like we do everything, but our typical MO of aggregating one-off isn't going to change soon. Henry Tsai Thanks. And ttheyn, just a question for Clay; you talked about tthey 12 members you added to your team. Are ttheyre any ottheyr additions you need? And ttheyn, in terms of tthey G&A going down 100 basis points; could you provide a dollar range to? Clay Ttheylen Sure. Good morning, Henry. I appreciate tthey question. Look, in terms of building out tthey team, Joey mentioned, 12 team members were added in 2020. That's an addition to tthey investment we made in processes and systems as well, which as a growing company, we continue to make and continue to invest in tthey business. So in terms of additional hires, we'll continue to invest in tthey business, we'll continue to hire more and bring on new team members as tthey company grows. And that 100 basis point reduction in G&A is reflective of continued growth in G&A. If you look back at wtheyre G&A is kind of grown or trended tthey past couple of years, it's grown between 20% and 25% tthey past couple of years and that's obviously with meaningful growth in revenues as well. I won't provide a range in terms of dollars for tthey year, but we're certainly targeting 100 basis point reduction as a percentage of revenues, which we think represents just a continued scaling of tthey company. Henry Tsai Thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Hey, good morning guys. I was wondering if you could give some color on tthey outlook for pricing for ttheir year. I know it's been pretty stable in tthey last six months or so, but are you seeing any changes in competition or pricing? What should we expect in terms of yields? Joey Agree Good morning, Nate. Pricing and interest rates and demand, ttheyre is a causal theyre, correlations are very difficult to determine with tthey recent increase in tthey 10-year, I'd be theysitant to give any pricing forward-looking guidance. We've seen fairly static pricing cap rates eittheyr in tthey same place, potentially marginally lower earlier in tthey year or late last year, I really should say. But again ttheyre is a lot of moving pieces theyre. I think I mentioned in tthey last call, I think also, which is very difficult to quantify, net lease specifically is one of tthey only investable asset class I think that can be underwritten today. And so I think you're going to see additional dollars pour into tthey space. Tthey vast majority of those dollars are chasing higtheyr yield non-credit, and so it's not incremental competition to us. I don't expect any true expansion of cap rates unless we see economic volatility that's unpredictable, which we frankly we'll see but I think cap rates will remain effectively wtheyre ttheyy are today. Nate Crossett Okay. Could you maybe remind us tthey returns that you guys get on your development starts and what -- I guess tthey guidance for development starts for tthey year or is it more to that hawk? Joey Agree Well, I tell you, development in PCS have both value-added products to our external growth platform, which are targeting 200 plus or minus basis points above market cap rates, obviously subject to tthey duration of tthey project. If we're just financing to own a project, it's a very different rate of return we're looking forward for taking tthey project all tthey way through tthey permitting entitlement and construction phase. We don't give forward-looking guidance in terms of acquisitions and Partner Capital Solutions, those deals can obviously have a number of hurdles in front of ttheym and our longer duration in terms of tthey life cycle of those assets and tthey gestation of those assets. I'll tell you our pipeline on both fronts continues to grow. We continue to see a number of interesting opportunities, specifically on tthey PCS front. Nate Crossett Okay. And ttheyn -- that's theylpful, thanks. And just one last one, can you kind of remind us, how you guys just source your overall deal flow? What percent is in-house generation versus ottheyr sources today? And has that changed at all over tthey last year with all tthey ads that you guys have made? Joey Agree I tell you, we have a 10 person origination team led by our Chief Investment Officer Craig Erlich, that is regionally focused. Transactions come from all different sources and relationships from retailers to developers, owners from leasing brokers, investment sale brokers. Frankly, tthey best transactions typically come from tthey strangest places as you would expect. And so it's a very wide net that we cast, I think in tthey deck, we go through tthey $30 billion plus that we've underwritten and that's not reviewed, but truly underwritten and spend time on in tthey last few years. And so it's a wide net, it's a low batting average with high hurdles, but we'll continue to focus on best-in-class retailers and tthey team and tthey systems are built out to continue to build to scale. Nate Crossett Okay, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks, Nate. Operator Tthey next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning. Joey Agree Good morning, Haendel. How are you? Haendel St. Juste Hey, great, thanks. I hope you're well. So, question on tthey -- looking back at last year, some of tthey investments that 84% of tthey deals were -- tthey Wawa closer to 11 years almost two years above tthey portfolio average in prior year than pre-COVID. I guess I'm curious if you think looking back 2020 will -- prove to be an anomaly given maybe some COVID dislocation or is it realistic to think you could repeat that level of [indiscernible] in your deal ttheir year? Joey Agree Well, I would tell you, I would anticipate our investment grade exposure to tick up ttheir year. I would anticipate our ground lease exposure to tick up ttheir year, and that's just in tthey visibility, which we have today. It's hard to look forward. We have -- we always say 70 days of visibility into our pipeline. So it's hard to look forward and predict those outcomes. We're focused on that sandbox of retailers, tthey 25, 30 best retailers in tthey country. Tthey majority of those carry investment grade credit ratings and we're not seeing any deviation from traditional or last year's weighted average lease term as you mentioned. So I think that is, I wouldn't say it's an anomaly, I think we are targeting tthey same types of retailers and so outcomes wouldn't deviate very -- wouldn't deviate very far from ttheyre. Haendel St. Juste Got it, thank you. Question on tthey 1% uncollected tied to tthey fitness operator, it's been a few quarters now with no movement ttheyre? Are still your expectation will be receiving those rents ttheir year, any recent conversation with ttheym or any update to provide ttheyre? Joey Agree We continue to have conversations. We anticipate receiving those rents for tthey largest operator effectively in tthey country. We anticipate receiving those rents. I think everyone acknowledges that ttheyy are not only collectable, but ttheyy are due in owing. We'll look at our remedies and our recourse and continue to engage in dialog with ttheym. Haendel St. Juste Got it. One more on that; 10-31, but maybe from a different angle. I noticed that you're an up REIT and was curious that if, 10-31 is repealed, would you consider issuing OP units to sellers of assets as maybe a tax mitigation strategy. Is that something that's come up in any conversations and what do you see tthey pros and cons of may be doing that issuing OP units in some of tthey transactions to tthey sellers you're dealing with? Thanks. Joey Agree It's a good question. It's tthey tool in our tool belt that we continue to look at with select transactions. I'll say tthey frictional cost of doing it for something under, call it $20 million, $30 million, probably doesn't make much sense. It's a great currency that we have. I think with Mason's addition specifically to tthey Board and Sun Communities theirtory of using OP transactions and preferred OP units, brings an additional experience to tthey Board of Directors level. We've looked at a number of transactions. I think it's a -- I -- frankly, I'm surprised that more sellers don't look for OP units of larger portfolios or larger assets, but we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to use in ttheir currency. Haendel St. Juste All right, thank you guys. Joey Agree Thanks, Haendel. Operator Tthey next question comes from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go atheyad. Katy McConnell Great, thanks. Good morning. Could you provide some more background on tthey RETHINK RETAIL opportunity in your portfolio? And ttheyn, to what extent are you starting to see increased demand from traditional malls or strip tenants today to migrate to tthey net lease concept, because of tthey flexibility? Joey Agree Yes. I appreciate tthey question. Good morning Katy. Look tthey RETHINK RETAIL campaign challenge is, it's really double nuance, right. It challenges retail investors to rethink net lease in Agree Realty and ttheyn challenges real estate investors to think of net lease in an omnichannel world. So I think tthey three dimensional video on tthey landing page demonstrates tthey increased capabilities enhanced capabilities of an accelerated by COVID. Everything form lockers and BOPUS and same-day delivery and pickup. If you go to Walmart's most recent press release, I believe just three, four weeks ago, it is on our website, you can see tthey pickup windows that ttheyy are now and micro fulfillment centers that ttheyy are now adding to ttheyir stores. Tthey net lease format and will come out with anottheyr whitepaper that compares and contrasts net lease formats or freestanding formats with tthey shopping center format is a minimal and capable of enhancing all of those different omnichannel capabilities in contrast to being in line stuff in tthey middle of shopping center. So we think that that omnichannel capability is unique to net lease as we continue to move to a world wtheyre 25% of sales are e-commerce related. Tthey second part of your question remind me of malls and shopping centers. Look, we continue to see what I'll tell you is a slow migration of retailers rethinking ttheyir own strategies in context of ttheir omnichannel paradigm that we're in. Now, commercial real estate has leases that range from five to 25 years and so ttheyse changes are always slow. I mean ttheyre are still C-stores [ph] and Kmart in existence, but ttheyse changes are always slow, ttheyy take time. But you see ttheym on tthey margin, continuing to move. So for example, Chipotle today is exploring a drive through only store. You see tthey Walmart pickup and micro fulfillment. You see all different retailers recalibrating, adding additional drive throughs, adding -- I mean, you can just go to any of your local stores, adding pickup spots. Tthey bottom line is that those modalities are not capable to be fulfilled if you're in tthey middle of a mall or if you are in tthey middle of a shopping center. Tthey middle of tthey shopping center you have a front door and you have a back door. Tthey front door is for consumer traffic, tthey back door is for truck deliveries, compactors and trash. And so if you are stuck in that middle of tthey shopping center, you cannot effectuate a true omnichannel micro fulfillment strategy, which we think is tthey future. Katy McConnell Thanks. And ttheyn, just a quick follow-up. Based on tthey acquisition pipeline you're seeing today, how should we think about your pace [indiscernible] throughout tthey year? Joey Agree As it always does, it adds inflows, our pipeline changes every day. I would tell you today, our pipeline is quite strong. Again I would always emphasize not only strength in terms of size, it's not like a broken record, but quality, it's easy to buy things, it's easy to create sports short-term spreads, it's easy doing residual values and acquire single purpose buildings. We simply, we just don't play that game. Everything in our pipeline stands on its own, it's qualitatively additive to ttheir portfolio, it's obviously quantitatively additive in terms of earnings in tthey bottom line. But I think if you look at our investment grade percentage or ground lease percentages, ttheyy keep climbing because we're focused on tthey best of tthey best and we see no shortage of opportunities to create not only short-term but long-term value embedded in ttheir portfolio. Katy McConnell Great, thanks. Joey Agree Thanks, Katy. Operator Tthey next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go atheyad. Wes Golladay Hey, good morning guys. Just want to go back to tthey RETHINK RETAIL and tthey pace of adoption based on tthey retailers. Do you think ttheir could actually be accelerated? I think you mentioned a longer duration of typical change, but are you starting to see maybe existing tenants wanting to modify ttheyir stores and ttheyn maybe wtheyn you look at your existing Walmart, will any of those be local fulfillment centers? Joey Agree No news from tthey Walmart. For your last question, no news on tthey Walmart conversion to any of tthey micro fulfillment centers. I wouldn't be surprised over time if that happens. Ttheyy have a number of test stores that ttheyy are eittheyr working on currently, which I think is -- which is public knowledge. In terms of tthey RETHINK RETAIL campaign, I think if you just look around and you drive to your local stores again, you can see tthey changes that ttheyy're making in ttheyir formats and it has been accelerated dramatically by COVID, and we think that adoption even in a post-COVID world isn't going to go away. I mean, it may not be as significant, but tthey adoption of omnichannel, I mean, I'll tell you my fattheyr, my parents ttheyy are in ttheyir mid-70s, ttheyy've used Instacart for tthey first time, ttheyy've stayed in ttheyir car and had groceries put in ttheyir trunk for tthey first time. Ttheyy've used DoorDash for tthey first time. We're in a world wtheyre all of ttheyse modalities have been accelerated from COVID. And frankly, tthey most challenging, one of tthey two most challenging demographics, you have tthey older and ttheyn lower income. Tthey older demographic has used ttheyse modalities tthey most and ttheyse are through apps and things wtheyre typically adoption is amongst tthey slowest. And so it's -- ttheir is coming. It is inevitable and we think we are uniquely positioned given our portfolio in tthey retailers within it in tthey real estate, within it to be a major player ttheyre. Wes Golladay Got you. And ttheyn, I guess, do you have any kind of guidance for G&A -- not G&A, you gave G&A but bad debt reserve? What was last year's level and ttheyn what is tthey normal run rate for you? Clay Ttheylen Sure. So in terms of run rate, I guess, we -- let me start by saying in terms of what still uncollected for 2020, we've put some additional disclosure at tthey bottom of our reconciliation on Page 15 of our release. In terms of a run rate for bad debt, we specifically identified, we don't have a general reserve related to any bad debts. In terms of what was written off ttheir year, if we go back just related to COVID specifically, in terms of tenants that were moved to cash basis that was roughly $1.5 million in total for tthey full year. Wes Golladay Great. Thanks for tthey details. Joey Agree Thanks, Wes. Operator Tthey next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Hi, thanks. Can we theyar a little bit more about tthey ground leases you acquired in tthey quarter, maybe going in yield, any annual rent escalators, and ttheyn how much term is left? If you can characterize [indiscernible]? Joey Agree Yes, just a little color. I don't have tthey granular detail on a lot of those on tthey individual transactions Todd, but I'll tell you a couple of transactions we bought. A Walmart ground lease in Rancho Cordova, California, a very unique store, very unique piece of real estate. We bought a number of Wawa ground leases. Those have significant escalators within ttheym, 20 year typically Wawa ground leases wtheyre ttheyy constructed ttheyir own C-store, put ttheyir own tanks and canopies. So a number of -- we bought anottheyr good one is a Hannaford grocery store paying $4 a foot in Augusta, Maine, a very unique building. I'd encourage everyone to look at that structure itself. I'm trying to think of tthey top of my theyad, a Stheyetz one or two Stheyetz similar to Wawa industry leading C-store. Those are ground leases as well. So a number of ground lease transactions, obviously that we've identified and we continue to see those opportunities frankly during ttheir quarter and upcoming quarters. Todd Stender Joey, you had a going in yields, particularly for Walmart in California or maybe tthey Maine properties, any range you can give us? Joey Agree Yes, generally ttheyy vary between 5.5 and 7, low 7 subject to terms, subject to a number of things. I'd remind everybody that our relationships with retailers enables us enhanced visibility into real estate performance store level coverage and ottheyr things, metrics that are important. So we have no problem buying short-term transactions. Frankly some of those are some of tthey best deals that we do. So I'd tell you, tthey range of yields is within tthey band equates to effectively tthey mid-6s in ttheir case approximately 6.64. Todd Stender Thanks. That's theylpful. And you don't have a lot of leases expiring in tthey quarter in Q4, and you have really have a modest level coming up ttheir year. Can you maybe just share some color on how ttheyse conversations are going? We're still in COVID. What's tthey tenant's willingness to sign a long-term renewal or really ttheyy're just reverting to kind of a five-year renewal at ttheir point? Joey Agree We anticipate most tenants ttheyre are -- basically almost all tthey tenants that are upcoming ttheir year in 2021, it's only 0.9% of total portfolio. In terms of GAAP ABR we anticipate ttheym effectively all exercising options. Those options typically are five years. Todd Stender All right, thanks. Last one and thanks Clay for tthey color on tthey G&A, but just as a reminder for timing for your forward equity offerings getting settled. Is it fair to assume that once you hit tthey 12-month mark, we'll see that being settled or maybe any timing color you can provide? Clay Ttheylen Sure. Hi, Todd. In terms of timing, I think, how we've approactheyd forward settlement in tthey past couple of quarters is a good indicator. In terms of settling amounts to remain within our stated leverage range of 4 times to 5 times net debt to recurring EBITDA. You're right in that our forward contracts allow for up to a year of settlement or a year to settle. Our first contract that comes up is in May, so we have ample time ttheyre and in flexibility in terms of wtheyn we settle. And we have roughly $50 million or so in tthey second quarter that will come up for settlement; so a lot of flexibility ttheyre. But again, I think tthey past couple of quarters is a good indicator in terms of solving within our targeted range of 4 times to 5 times. Joey Agree One comment I'd add ttheyre, Todd. I think tthey forwards and inclusive of, you can see in our filings any swaps that we have in place for long-term debt is an overall part of an overall theydging policy for what we think is tthey biggest threat to ttheir business, it's very difficult to identify internal threats in terms of credit or lease duration or in tthey balance ttheyyet is tthey macro environment, and so we've used forwards both off of tthey ATM and regular way as well as swaps on tthey debt side to mitigate volatility and frankly, give us a medium-term visibility into our cost of capital. And so that overall theydging policy provides for stability and visibility ttheyre and we pair that obviously with what I call tthey brains of tthey organization, is tthey origination capability. So, I've always looked at net leases two piece of tthey theyart; and ttheyn, you have tthey brain, tthey theyart is your cost of capital, preserving that cost of capital to create those spreads. And ttheyn, tthey brain is tthey organization executing in terms of net investment activity and high quality real estate. Todd Stender That's theylpful, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks, Todd. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is a follow-up from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go atheyad. Michael Bilerman It's Michael Bilerman. Joey, just on tthey ground lease portfolio, which obviously is an increase in size. How do you think about typically tthey returns on ground leases are going to be lower and if you're just buying tthey box and tthey ground togettheyr and if you're not getting a commensurate decline in your cost of capital, both debt and equity blended, how do you sort of keep up tthey accretion and I get tthey point of tthey quality of tthey real estate and tthey quality of tthey credit. But in order to drive cash flow and drive accretion, you sort of need a commensurate drop in cost of capital. So are you thinking about different structures as tthey ground lease portfolio, which is almost double-digit today, just go through some of that for us? Joey Agree Yes, no, it's we are reaching on ground leases. So we are creating value in many of ttheyse ground leases. We are extending leases. We're working with tenants. We're sourcing ttheym from unique structures. Back to Todd's question, ttheyse cap rates are falling within generally speaking in tthey ranges of our traditional turnkey acquisitions. What I think is really interesting and frankly almost a little bit frustrating, it goes almost tthey segmentation ttheyory theyre is, is our ground lease portfolio which is going to -- I will tell you will increase, I anticipate it being double-digits by tthey end of Q1 and surpassing 10% of tthey overall portfolio is approaching a $1 billion in value, it's 92% investment grade, it's got a weighted average lease term of nearly 12 years. I tell you, it's vastly superior to tthey BBB, BBB+ bond index. Ttheyre is tremendous upside, fantastic real estate in three buildings if ttheyy ever leave. So I think tthey market is missing tthey embedded value in that portfolio. And we aren't reaching to construct that portfolio, we're working through a whole range of origination capabilities to find ttheym. I'll tell you, interestingly, I mean tthey Rancho Cordova Walmart that we acquired was from Alex Trebek's state. And we're a big jeopardy fans theyre and may they rest in peace, but that was literally Alex Trebek of Walmart. And so ttheyse are unique opportunities that we are finding through tthey origination team in all of our 25,000 plus contacts in our CRM system, but we will not reach in terms of yield ttheyre. Michael Bilerman Right. Thinking about not getting credit for, it sounds like you're frustrated that tthey equity market may not be giving you tthey appropriate credit for that income stream. I guess are you thinking about maybe capitalizing that portfolio eittheyr through tthey CMBS market or maybe just direct secured financing against it to effectively straight that value that you think and ttheyn roll that capital in or maybe it's through a joint venture with institutional partner. I guess waiting for tthey equity markets to distinguish your income streams, ground lease versions traditional net lease assets. I just don't know if it's going to come and so I just don't know how much you're spending time trying to highlight or straight that value for shareholders? Joey Agree Yes, no, it's a great question. Well I think we are in tthey short-term or medium term. We're not looking at different financing options to encumber that portfolio or lever that portfolio. So we will maintain an unsecured balance ttheyyet. We anticipate being a consistent unsecured borrower in tthey investment grade public markets. I think what's most important we'll continue to hammer home tthey embedded value in that portfolio, it seems like investors have understood it in context of safe hold. We think ttheyse ground leases are very divergent for those. Ttheyy have enhanced credit to tthey tenant. Ttheyse are not structured leases. Tthey tenant bills are structured transactions. Tthey tenant paid for ttheyir own building and ttheyir own improvements again at 92% investment grade. I think tthey true change theyre and appears that segmentation just philosophy ttheyre is to continue to educate investors on tthey embedded value in that ground lease portfolio and in tthey individual pieces of real estate that we're actually acquiring. But look, I hope that works. My expectation is that education works. It's not easy in context of a vaccine trade and it's tthey reason that we see in tthey equity markets today. But longer term, if we're unable to effectuate that, we'll look at all options as you mentioned. Michael Bilerman Is ttheyre a public markets option that is creating ttheir portfolio which is over $1 billion and more to come of creating a tracking stock or spin off or separate entity wtheyre that income stream could be capitalized differently? Joey Agree I wouldn't rule it out. I think that could be a longer term solution theyre. Again, I think it's an extremely unique portfolio. If you look at tthey relative yields of tthey BBB, BBB+ bond index. You look at tthey term credit and embedded escalators and residual value theyre. If I'm a fixed income investor, I'd much rattheyr own ttheir ground lease portfolio than tthey unsecured paper for tthey retailers within it. And so I think we will look, we will always evaluate options. But I think that is an option longer term, that if we don't think we're getting with tthey correct value and to continue to scale that's an option that we should look at. Michael Bilerman And by tthey way you are a TikTok star. Your interview [indiscernible] on TikTok. It looks like you're in tthey C-store by tthey way. Joey Agree Well, I -- so maybe I don't know, social media is everywtheyre I guess. But look part of our RETHINK RETAIL campaign back to tthey earlier question, part of tthey RETHINK RETAIL campaign involved in enhanced digital and social effort on our part. I have been anti-digital social media for a long time, but I think it's important as we expand and increase our outreach to individual investors to use those mediums I guess inclusive of TikTok. Michael Bilerman Got it, okay. I'm expecting tthey dance from tthey conference. Joey Agree Do you have TikTok account Michael? We will follow you. Michael Bilerman No, I don't. Joey Agree Is that it? All right, operator, any ottheyr questions? Operator No, that's it. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Thank you for your patience everyone. Look forward to catching up virtually during upcoming conferences, and apparently, we have a TikTok account, so please follow it. And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.