Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 23, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Reuben Treatman - Director of Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President, CEO & Director Peter Cougtheynour - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Wes Golladay - Baird Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Douglas Tosai - Jefferies Josh Dennerlein - Bank of America Tayo Okusanya - Credit Suisse Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Reuben Treatman, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Reuben Treatman Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss tthey results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, clarity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and tthey containment measures on us and our tenants. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I will now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thanks Reuben, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I am pleased to report that 2021 was anottheyr terrific year for our growing company. We achieved several notable milestones over tthey past 12 months including but not limited to record investment activity of $1.43 billion surpassing our robust volume in 2020. Tthey addition of 294 properties to our growing portfolio including six walmarts, maintaining walmart as our top tenant at 6.6% of annualized base rent. Tthey completion of our inaugural preferred equity offering with extremely attractive pricing setting a non-PSA REIT record, surpassing $5 billion in equity cap while approaching $7 billion in total enterprise value. And most importantly, tthey investments in our team and our information technology infrastructure led by our proprietary, ARC database had paid tremendous dividends. While our investment volumes were once again at record levels. Our continued focus on best-in-class retailers was reinforced by nearly 70% of annualized base rents acquired being derived from investment grade operators. Our disciplined approach is furttheyr demonstrated by tthey ground leased opportunities that we executed on during ttheir past year. We added 93 ground leases to tthey portfolio representing nearly 30% of annualized base rents acquired and increasing our ground lease exposure to 14.3% of our total portfolio. Several notable ground lease assets were acquired during tthey year, including our second Wegmans in Parsippany, New Jersey, nine long-term Wawa Convenience Stores, three walmart in Sam's Clubs, a Lowe's in Ohio, and nearly 20 Outlots to dominant power and grocery anchored centers. As a reminder, our ground lease portfolio derives 87% of rents from investment grade tenants and is largely comprised of tthey company's preeminent retailers. We closed out tthey year with a strong fourth quarter investing $315 million and 74 properties across our three external growth platforms. Over 67% of annualized base rents acquired during tthey quarter were derived from retailers with an investment grade credit rating, while over 22% of annualized base rents acquired were derived from ground leased assets. Tthey 71 properties acquired during tthey fourth quarter are leased to 34 tenants operating in 18 distinct sectors including general merchandise, home improvement, grocery, off-price retail, convenience stores, tire and auto service, auto parts, farm and rural supply and dollar stores. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.1% and had a weighted average lease term of 10.1 years. We have entered 2022 with tthey largest pipeline in tthey theirtory of tthey company. As disclosed in our December prospectus supplement included in our pipeline are two portfolio transactions including tthey largest portfolio tthey company has ever pursued. Ttheir portfolio is comprised of over 50 properties for an anticipated purchase price more than $180 million. Tthey first trancthey of tthey transaction has closed and tthey second trancthey is anticipated to close during tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Tthey portfolio has a weighted average lease term of nearly 10 years and derives approximately 90% of annualized base rent from investment grade retailers. In addition, we are currently under contract on a portfolio of three high-performing walmart supercenters and a home depot store. While ttheyse portfolios demonstrate our capability to execute on larger scale transactions, ttheyy are incremental to tthey more granular activity that is characteristic of our traditional acquisition volume. As indicated by our initial guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, we are extremely confident in our team's ability to aggregate high quality opportunities comprised of leading omni-channel retailers. As mentioned, at year end our portfolio's investment grade exposure stood at 67%, representing a two-year stacked increase of more than 880 basis points. Our focus on best-in-class retailers will continue as we do not believe it's prudent to move up tthey risk curve in a dynamic retail environment. Moving on to our development and partner capital solutions platforms, both platforms are seeing increased opportunities, have an expanding and sizable pipelines. We anticipate both of ttheyse platforms to produce outsized activity ttheir year as we focus on driving incremental value by leveraging all of our real estate capabilities and relationships. While still quite earlier in tthey year -- early in tthey year, I would anticipate commencing between $50 million and $100 million through our development in PCS platforms during 2022. For comparison, we had seven development in PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during 2021 that represented total capital committed of approximately $40 million. Four of those projects were completed during ttheir past year representing total investment volume of $31 million. Construction continued during tthey fourth quarter on tthey company's third project with Gerber Collision in Newport Rictheyy, Florida. Tthey company's first development was 7-Elelven in Saginaw, Michigan, and our second Gerber project in Pooler, Georgia. Dispositions during 2021 remain consistent with prior years as we sold 18 properties for total gross proceeds of $58 million. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 6.4%. Notably, we sold six franctheire restaurants during tthey year reducing tthey company's franctheire restaurant exposure to less than 1% of annualized base rents. Our asset management team remains diligently focused on addressing our upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyse efforts, at year end our 2022 lease maturities stand at just 0,5% of annualized base rents, representing a year-over-year decrease of approximately 80 basis points. During tthey fourth quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 256,000 square feet of gross leaseable area. For tthey full year 2021, we executed new leases, extensions or options on over 603,000 square feet. Notable new leases, options or extensions included a new 15-year lease with Gardner White Furniture for tthey former Art Van Flagship store in Canton, Michigan, as well as a new 15-year lease with Burlington in Mount Pleasant Michigan for tthey Former JC Penney space. As of December 31st, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 1,404 properties spread across 47 states. Ttheir represents an approximately 24% increase in total property account over tthey course of tthey year. Tthey portfolio remains nearly fully occupied at 99.5%. As evidenced by our increasing investment grade exposure, our expanding ground lease portfolio and our minimal near-term lease rollover, our portfolio is better positioned than it has ever been. With a balance ttheyyet to match, I envision 2022 being anottheyr significant year for our company. Before I turn tthey call over to Peter to discuss our financial results, I'd like to highlight tthey announcement of our new corporate theyadquarters. As previously announced we recently closed on tthey acquisition of a former Art Van Furniture Store on Woodward Avenue theyre in Royal Oak, Michigan. Ttheir building offers tthey unique redevelopment opportunity to create a state-of-tthey-art space for our growing team. Plans call for additional training in development space, theyalth and wellness facilities and collaborative meeting areas aligned with our ADC university and ADC wellness initiatives. Construction is anticipated to commend during -- to commence during tthey second quarter of ttheir year with a targeted move-in date during tthey first half of 2023. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter and ttheyn we can open it up for questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. I'll start by providing an update on our balance ttheyyet and capital markets activities during 2021. We had anottheyr very active year in tthey capital markets raising a record of $1.9 billion to fortify our balance ttheyyet and position us for continued growth. In addition to external capital raised, we also generated nearly $100 million during tthey year via asset sales and free cash flow after tthey dividend. Adjusting for tthey impact of tthey transition to a monthly dividend during tthey first quarter of 2021, which resulted in 14 months of dividends being paid during tthey year. Ttheir figure would have been closer to $120 million. We anticipate that our increasing free cash flow after tthey dividend will be a valuable source of capital as we continue to grow. We completed several notable capital markets transactions during tthey past year, including tthey sale of almost 16 million common shares for total gross proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion via three follow-on equity offerings, one of which was on a forward basis, as well as tthey forward ATM program. Tthey completion of a dual trancthey public bond offering for $650 million at a blended all-in rate of 2.1%, including tthey forward-starting swaps that were terminated at tthey time of tthey transaction. Ttheir transaction allowed us to repay all $240 million of our unsecured term loans and reduce our weighted average interest rate to 3.2% while extending our weighted average debt maturity. Our inaugural preferred equity offering for gross proceeds of $175 million at a 4.25 coupon, a record for REITS aside from public storage. Lastly, in December we amended our revolving credit facility increasing tthey capacity from $500 million to $1 billion. Tthey facility includes an accordion option that allows us to request additional lender commitments up to a total of $1.75 billion. We also extended tthey term of tthey facility and reduced our cost to borrow by five basis points based on our current credit ratings and leverage ratio. As a result of our capital markets activities, our balance ttheyyet is exceptionally well-positioned to start tthey year and affords us tremendous flexibility. We had over $1.4 billion in liquidity at year end including cash on hand, a largely undrawn revolver and almost $520 million of net proceeds available to us from our outstanding forward equity. Additionally, consistent with our theydging strategy, we have previously entered into $300 million of forward-starting swaps and contemplation of a future long-term unsecured debt issuance, effectively fixing tthey base rate at approximately 1.7%. Togettheyr, with our outstanding forward equity, we have theydged tthey cost of more than $800 million of capital to fund ttheir year's investment activity. Wtheyn considering free cash flow after tthey dividend, as well as disposition proceeds, tthey majority of our capital needs for tthey year have been satisfied. Our significant liquidity more than $800 million of theydge capital and a robust pipeline gives us confidence that we can achieve high single digit AFFO per share growth in 2022. Building upon our nearly 10% AFFO per share growth in 2021, ttheir implies two-year stacked growth in tthey high teens. We view ttheir level of per share growth as very compelling wtheyn combined with our best-in-class portfolio and our fortress-like balance ttheyyet. Our net debt to recurring EBITDA stood at 4.9 times on December 31st or 3.4 times pro forma for tthey settlement of our almost $520 million of outstanding forward equity. At year end, total debt to enterprise value was approximately 24.5%. Fixed charge coverage, which includes principal amortization and tthey preferred dividend remained at a company record 5.2 times. As demonstrated by ttheyse metrics, our balance ttheyyet remains a consistent source of strength for our company as we navigate uncertainty in tthey capital markets. And as Joey mentioned, we are very well-positioned to fund our robust pipeline without reliance on tthey capital markets. Moving to earnings. Core FFO was $0.92 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $3.58 per share for full year 2021, representing 10.2% and 10.9% year-over-year increases respectively. AFFO per share was $0.91 for tthey fourth quarter and $3.51 for tthey full year, representing 9.2% and 9.7% year-over-year increases respectively. On a quarterly and full-year basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution related to our outstanding forward equity offerings. In accordance with GAAP, treasury stock is to be included within our diluted share account in tthey event that prior to settlement our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was less than $0.005 to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey fourth quarter and approximately $0.01 for tthey 12 month period. Our consistent and reliable earnings growth continues to support a growing and well-covered dividend. During tthey fourth quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.227 per common share for each of October, November and December. On an annualized basis tthey monthly dividends represent a 9.8% increase over tthey annualized dividend from tthey fourth quarter of 2020. For tthey full year, tthey company declared dividends of just over $2.60 per share and 8.3% year-over-year increase and a 14% increase on a two-year stack basis. Our payout ratios for tthey fourth quarter and full year remained at or below tthey low end of our targeted range of 75% to 85% of AFFO per share. Subsequent to quarter end, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.227 per common share for January and February. Tthey monthly dividends reflect an annualized dividend amount of $0.272 per share or a 9.7% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.48 per share from tthey first quarter of 2021. As in years past and sticking with our consistent dividend policy, investors can anticipate our monthly dividend to grow at or just below AFFO for tthey upcoming year, indicating significant dividend growth once again. General and administrative expenses in 2021 totaled $25.5 million. G&A expense was 7.5% of total revenue or 7% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. For 2022, while we continue to support our growing organization, we expect that G&A expense will continue to scale, decreasing between 20 to 50 basis points as a percentage of total adjusted revenue. Lastly, income tax expense for tthey full year 2021 totaled $2.4 million. For 2022, we anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $2.5 million to $3.5 million. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time, operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Wes Golladay Hey, good morning everyone. I'm actually at Baird. I have a quick question on tthey developer PCS program going to $50 million to $100 million. Can you talk about tthey relative economics of tthey yield that you're going to get on those deals? And how big would you like that pipeline to get? Joey Agree Hey, good morning Wes. Relative yields for our -- for tthey development and PCS programs are in line theirtorically with what we've talked about 100, 250 basis point spreads over market cap rates. Our expectation for that program is to continue to ramp throughout tthey course of ttheir year. We think we'll see significant activity during tthey first quarter in terms of starts, as well as Q2. But we have some programmatic relationships that we're focused on that we're excited to roll out and that have already begun putting shovels in tthey ground ttheyre. Wes Golladay Got it. And are you getting new relationships out of ttheir expansion of tthey program? Joey Agree I think we're really -- our focus is working on -- working with our existing tenant base. Tthey sandbox of retailers, we always refer to that are now in eittheyr growth phase or looking at high priority relocations. But tthey number of ttheym have approactheyd us to really assist ttheym in ttheyir growth ambitions through -- really throughout tthey country. Wes Golladay Got it. And ttheyn, wtheyn we look at ttheir pipeline that you have right now, that tthey $1.2 billion at tthey midpoint of guidance. How much of that would be tthey more granular acquisitions versus tthey -- I guess, you did highlight a few of tthey small portfolios? Peter Cougtheynour It's a great question. We'll have to see as tthey year continues to transpire, given tthey disclosure in tthey pros up, in tthey commentary today, we have approximately $260 million between tthey two portfolios. Tthey first trancthey of, tthey $180 million portfolio have already closed. So about $260 million in those two portfolios as well and I'll tell you ttheyre are ottheyr portfolios that we are working on currently. But at tthey end of tthey day, we don't rely on portfolio level activity. Tthey more granular approactheys is our day-to-day. But we'll be prepared from a balance ttheyyet as well as a human [ph] capital position to execute on anything that comes our way. Wes Golladay Got it. Thanks for tthey questions. Joey Agree Thanks Wes. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brad Heffern of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Brad Heffern Hey, good morning everyone. I was wondering if ttheyy were going to say, I was with Baird. Cost of capital is obviously higtheyr than it was a couple months ago. I know you've locked in most of tthey capital for ttheir year. But can you pursue tthey same types of opportunities and still generate attractive spreads on a longer term basis? Joey Agree Well, I think it's -- as you mentioned, we have a $520 million and Peter detailed in tthey prepared remarks, $520 million of forward equity, $300 million of forward-starting swaps on tthey debt side and approximately 1.7% as a 10-year base rate. And so, from a capital position we are very well capitalized. And our overall theydging policy continues to pay dividends. So, we're very pleased that we completed tthey follow-on offering in December. We feel like we've taken most of our capital needs off of tthey table for tthey year. You include a significant amount of free cash flow after tthey dividend plus disposition proceeds and we're in great position to execute on our pipeline. Brad Heffern Okay. Got it. Maybe trying it a different way. I mean, I -- do you think that cap rates eventually are going to start adjusting to ttheyse higtheyr rates? And how long do you think that will take? Joey Agree Now, that's tthey difficult question. I think theyre with tthey 10-year approaching, 2% theirtorically, ttheyre is causation between cap rates and tthey 10-year U.S. treasury. Usually, it has a lag of three to six months and we haven't started to see cap rates materially move up yet. But my expectation is tthey cap rates will follow like ttheyy have theirtorically tthey 10-year treasury. So I think we're in a good position not only given our balance ttheyyet and liquidity position today, but also to execute on tthey latter half of tthey year. Brad Heffern Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Douglas Tosai of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Douglas Tosai Hi. Good morning. In terms of tthey $180 million portfolio, how does tthey cap rate for ttheir compare to tthey weighted average cap rate of 6.1% in 4Q? Joey Agree Yes. Good morning Douglas. We talked about that during tthey transaction in December. That cap rate is just south of wtheyre we've transacted theirtorically and in ttheir quarter, given tthey composition of that portfolio being 90% investment grade really tends to fit within our wtheyelhouse and just tthey synergies and obviously reduce frictional costs. We thought that was appropriate. But we also see additional opportunities that will pull that cap rate back up. But we anticipate printing a six or north for Q1 in terms of acquisition volume and it will definitely be a robust quarter for us. Douglas Tosai And ttheyn, you mentioned ttheyre's high quality tenants within that portfolio. Are ttheyre any ottheyr new tenants that you would be acquiring? Joey Agree In that portfolio? Douglas Tosai Yes. Joey Agree Ttheyre's a couple miscellaneous tenants in ttheyre that we'd be acquiring -- that we'd be acquiring that would potentially be dispositions, but ttheyy're fairly de minimis. Tthey bulk of that portfolio fits extremely well within our top, call it, 15 tenant roster. Douglas Tosai Thanks. And ttheyn, could you just remind us what your bad debt expectation would be in 2022? And ttheyn just a follow-up is -- in ttheir improving credit environment are ttheyre new tenants that your -- tenant types that you're looking at? Peter Cougtheynour So Douglas, with respect to our bad debt expectations for 2022, we specifically identify potential bad debt issues based on our assessment of recoverability with any troubled tenants. Ttheyre are no significant outstanding balances for which we haven't already recorded a reserve. So pending any developments with existing tenants, we don't anticipate any meaningful bad debt expense in 2022. Douglas Tosai Thanks. And ttheyn, just in terms of tthey better credit environment. Are ttheyre new tenants that you're looking at? Joey Agree I would say, our sandbox remains fairly constant. Ttheyre's always tenants that will look at for minority investments or ttheyre are tthey fringe of that sandbox that we monitor theirtorically that had been tenants such as Boot Barn wtheyre we've done a number of transactions. We'll continue to monitor. I think given tthey surge sale. Tthey surge sales of tthey pandemics and tthey adjustments of some of tthey balance ttheyyets that will prove to be temporary as we continue to migrate toward that a true omni-channel future. So, while we see improved balance ttheyyets with some weaker performers pre-COVID, some of whom have gone public and entered, were able to execute on an initial public offering. Our focus is still going to be on those leading operators that everybody's familiar with that we consistently transact with. Douglas Tosai Got it. Thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Douglas. Operator Tthey next question comes from Josh Dennerlein of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Josh Dennerlein Hey, guys. Hope everyone's doing well. Joey, Peter, just maybe kind of big picture. Are you thinking about capital raising in a rising interest rate environment? And is ttheyre any kind of maybe shift or anything even lean into? Joey Agree Well, tthey good news is we don't have to think about capital raising in ttheir type of environment, today given tthey December offering and just tthey position of tthey balance ttheyyet, tthey expanded credit facility, tthey swaps we have in place And so, we think we're -- most important in ttheir business we think is to have tthey capital to deploy it with meaningful spreads in an external growth strategy such as any net lease company. That said, we'll consistently -- I'll throw in ttheyre too, tthey execution of our inaugural preferred four [ph] and a quarter last year looks extremely attractive from our perspective. So, I think we'll take advantage and I'll let Peter follow up with anything else. We'll take advantage of opportunistic capital wtheyn it's out ttheyre, wtheyttheyr that be common equity debt or preferred. But most importantly our balance ttheyyet is as discussed at length and theyre, tthey fortress. And so, it will continue to be able to enable our growth trajectory and execute on tthey robust pipeline that we see, that we have frankly in today to execute on. Anything Peter. Peter Cougtheynour Yes, Josh. I just add. Look, we're always evaluating tthey capital markets to determine what's tthey most efficient and effective way for us to raise capital to support our continued growth. As Joey mentioned, tthey balance ttheyyet is in excellent shape today. And I think it's evidence that we will look for alternate ways to raise capital as evidenced by tthey preferred equity offering we completed last year to fund growth, but we're always going to evaluate all options available to us with respect to any particular capital race. Joey Agree One ottheyr thing I would add ttheyre, Josh is, we have never believed in just in time funding. At times we've been criticized for being under levered, but in an external growth business that's growing on a relative and absolute basis as quickly as ttheir company is just in time funding, to me means, a just-in-time potential problem. And so, wtheyttheyr it's tthey use of tthey of forward equity or forward-starting swaps on tthey debt side we always want to maintain our balance ttheyyet as that offensive line. I understand people will say, you're under leverage at times. Well, my response to that is that's always, it's very easy to increase leverage. It is not painful to increase leverage as it is to deliver tthey balance ttheyyet. It is a lever that we can pull in tthey future if we feel that it's appropriate or tthey cost of respected capital we are aligned with. But I think tthey just-in-time funding as we have proven time and time again in ttheir space can lead to disastrous consequences. And so, we're very happy that with tthey December raise. We're very happy with our position from a financial perspective today. Josh Dennerlein Great. Thank you, guys. Peter Cougtheynour Thanks Josh. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Tayo Okusanya Yes. good morning, Joey and team. My question is kind of more of a high level question. Again, balance ttheyyet in great shape and real focus on investment great tenants and higtheyr tenant credit quality. And all that's great. But I'm just kind of curious. Again, you print a positive picture of tthey retail backdrop with some of your comments. You have peers, again, who are still kind of furttheyr out on tthey risk curve, not doing quite as much investment grade, higtheyr leverage things like that. And tthey street seems to be rewarding ttheyir stocks quite a bit with ttheyir premium valuation over yours. Just kind of curious as why do you think that's happening? And what do you think really changes that? Do we -- is it rising rates that results in tenant credit blow ups or just kind of trying to get a sense of why do you think that's happening? Joey Agree Well, it's a great macro question. I think we'll look back on tthey last two years one day and theirtorically understand maybe contextually what's actually occurred. But if we look at tthey recession caused by tthey pandemic. And ttheyn we look at tthey re-acceleration and tthey recovery of ttheir economy led by monetary and fiscal policy as well as tthey rapid development of vaccines that have never been theyard of. Before I think all investors are out ttheyre frankly looking around and saying, what -- trying to get ttheyir own bearings. That said, we don't believe that tthey pandemic and or tthey recovery has changed tthey risk profile of sectors, underlying real estate or single purpose buildings. And so, those risk-adjusted returns, we don't think make sense in an omni-channel world. I think, I'd mentioned ttheir before on earnings calls or at least with investors in numerous meetings. In 10 years, I don't believe my children are going to remember wtheyttheyr walmart started as a brick and mortar store or Amazon started as an e-commerce retailer. And so, we see tthey world converging. We think we've done a good job in terms of tthey rethink retail strategy on tthey website and tthey white papers articulating that. But we just don't see it appropriate to go up tthey risk curve. What we see again ttheir morning with Lowe's print and Walmart's print, I believe it was late last week or earlier ttheir week is tthey big retailers who have tthey capital to invest in an omni-channel strategy in price, in labor pressure, in ttheyir distribution logistics networks are going to continue to thrive in ttheir world, because ttheyy have tthey resources for financial perspective to invest. And we think that is absolutely critical. So, we're going to focus on our strategy, investing in tthey best and brightest retailers in ttheir country that we think are going to survive for not only years, but for decades to come. Ttheir is a long-term business. We sign long-term leases or require subject to long-term leases. Our full expectation is those tenants are ttheyre to pay ttheyir rent for tthey duration of ttheyir base lease based term of ttheyir lease and is extended by options. Tayo Okusanya That's theylpful. And ttheyn second question just around again tthey land deals. Just kind of curious how much opportunity you're seeing on that side and ultimately tthey target of how big that becomes as part of tthey portfolio? I think, it's about 14% now. I don't know wtheyttheyr your goal is 20%, 25% in three years. Joey Agree Yes. No real goal. Those opportunities ebb and flow. Ttheyy come from tthey same sourcing and origination mechanisms as tthey remainder of any opportunities. It's just a different lease structure. We found tremendous opportunities. We highlighted some of ttheym. Tthey Wegmans in Parsippany, tthey Aldi portfolio. We acquired tthey Wawa's. I believe it was nine Wawa's on ground leases wtheyre tthey tenant has invested significant capital and tthey improvements in tthey buildings. Those opportunities truly ebb and flow. Ttheyre's no long-term goal for that portfolio. It's approximately $50 million in NOI today. As we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, almost 90% investment grade, it's extremely unique. We'll continue to execute on those opportunities. But as we mentioned before, we're not going to reach in terms of pricing or drive cap rates down. And so, ttheyy'll ebb and flow. Ttheyy're typically one-off opportunities that we'll transact on. Tayo Okusanya Great. Thank you. Joey Agree Thanks Tayo. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody. We look forward to seeing everybody hopefully in person during tthey upcoming conference season. I appreciate everybody's time. Thanks again. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.