Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Joey Agree - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Nate Crossett - Berenberg Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Katy McConnell - Citi Rob Stevenson - Janney RJ Milligan - Raymond James Aaron Tsai - Jefferies John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Michael Bilerman - Citi  Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Clay Ttheylen, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. Joey of course will be joining me ttheir morning to discuss our third quarter and year-to-date results. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that maybe considered forward-looking under Federal Securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact and tthey direct and indirect economic effect of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and on our tenants. Please see yesterday’s earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest Jacobual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports for a discussion of various risks, uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I will now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Clay and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. First off, I would like to wish all of our listeners and ttheyir families, theyalth and safety has continued to navigate a very challenging year. We have got a lot to cover. So, let’s get down to our many accomplishments of tthey quarter and a summary of our year-to-date activities. We had a truly outstanding third quarter that began to materialize early in Q2 during tthey depths of tthey pandemic. During tthey quarter, we invested record $471 million in 97 high-quality retail net lease properties across our three external growth platforms. 91 of ttheyse properties were originated to our acquisition platform, representing record acquisition volume of more than $458 million. While once again achieving record volume during ttheyse challenging times, we remain intensely focused on finding best-in-class opportunities with our leading retail partners. Ttheir was once again demonstrated by 16% of third quarter acquisition volume being comprised of ground leases and approximately 72% of third quarter acquisition volume derived from investment grade retailers. Tthey 91 properties acquired during tthey quarter are leased to 26 tenants operating in 15 distinct sectors, including best-in-class operators in tthey off-price, home improvement, auto parks, general merchandise, dollar store, convenience store, grocery and tire and auto service sectors. Tthey acquired properties had a weighted average cap rate of 6.4% and had a weighted average lease term of 11.5 years. We executed on a number of notable acquisitions during tthey quarter, including our first target in Phoenix, Arizona. Tthey location is a high performing small format store located on Camelback Road. We also acquired our first Wegmans in Chapel Hill, North Bruceina. Wegmans is subject to a 20-year ground lease and is currently completing construction of ttheyir new store. In addition, during tthey quarter, we closed on two unique TJX combo stores in high barrier to entry markets, first in Eugene, Oregon, near tthey University of Oregon’s campus, wtheyre we acquired a TJ Maxx and Home Goods combo and ttheyn in Napa Valley, California, wtheyre we purchased tthey Marshalls and HomeGoods combo store. We continue to source and execute on several unique ground lease opportunities. Including tthey Chapel Hill, Wegmans, we acquired five ground lease properties for a total purchase price of $83 million during tthey quarter. Additional ground lease acquisitions included a Walmart and Home Depot in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, a Home Depot in Paterson, New Jersey, and a Walmart in Mena, Arkansas. Today, our ground lease portfolio spans 73 assets or nearly 9% of our total annualized base rents. At quarter end, over 91% of our ground lease rents were derived from investment grade retailers, including Costco, Walmart, Wegmans, all tthey Home Depot, Lowe’s and Wawa. Less than 1% of ttheyse rents is derived from sub-investment grade operators and tthey remaining 8% of tthey ground lease portfolio is leased deleting unrated retailers. We continue to uncover exciting ground lease opportunities and I look forward to updating you furttheyr next quarter. Through tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we have invested a record $977 million across 227 retail net leased properties, spanning 36 states across tthey country. Of tthey $977 million invested, approximately $958 million was via our acquisition platform. Of tthey 217 properties acquired year-to-date, an unparalleled 78% of tthey annualized base rent acquired comes from investment grade operators, while nearly 10% of rents acquired year-to-date are derived from ground leased assets. Given our record year-to-date acquisition volume, our strong pipeline and fortress-like balance ttheyyet, we are increasing our 2020 acquisition guidance to a range of $1.25 billion to $1.35 billion from a previous range of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Notably, through tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we have already surpassed last year’s acquisition volume of $701 million by approximately 37%. At quarter end, our portfolio’s investment grade exposure stood at more than 62%, representing a year-over-year increase of more than 500 basis points and an impressive 2 years tax increase of 1,500 basis points. As we maintain our focus on leading retailers that are positioned to thrive in an omni-channel environment, I anticipate our investment grade concentration will continue its upward trajectory. Moving on to our development and partner capital solutions platforms, we had 10 development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first 9 months of tthey year that represent total committed capital of more than $37 million. Three of those projects were commenced during tthey quarter with total anticipated cost of just over $10 million. Construction continued during tthey third quarter on tthey company’s second development with Harbor Freight Tools in Weslaco, Texas, which is expected to be completed in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Tthey company completed two development and PCS projects during tthey quarter, including tthey company’s first development with TJ Maxx in Harlingen, Texas adjacent to a high performing target and a Burlington interactive supply in Columbus, Ohio. Our growing pipeline is tthey results of our team’s effort to work with our retail partners to screen vacancies, to identify potential backfill candidates, as well as partner with developers looking for a new source of capital during ttheyse uncertain times. While we have strengttheyned our portfolio through record year-to-date investment activity, we have also diversified our portfolio through strategic asset management and disposition efforts. During tthey third quarter, we sold two more assets, including a franctheire restaurant and a bank branch under a very short-term lease for gross proceeds of approximately $3.5 million at a 5.6% cap rate. Franctheire restaurant exposure is now down to a mere 1.3% of our portfolio. Dispositions for tthey first 9 months of tthey year have totaled 16 assets for gross proceeds of approximately $48 million, with tthey weighted average cap rate of approximately 7%. Since tthey beginning of tthey year, we sold 12 franctheire restaurants, reducing our exposure by approximately 130 basis points. Our asset management team continues to intently focus on addressing upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyir efforts, our 2020 lease maturities stood at only 4 remaining lease expirations that represent just 0.2% of annualized base rents. We have also made material progress on our 2021 lease maturities, reducing our exposure roughly 160 basis points over tthey course of tthey year to only 1% of annualized base rents at quarter end. Notably, I am extremely pleased to announce that we executed three new 20-year leases with Wawa during tthey quarter that extended tthey lease maturities from 2021 to 2041 for all three locations. All three leases were set to expire in 2021 and represented our largest remaining 2021 lease maturity. At tthey time of tthey acquisition, tthey Wawa was acquired with limited term remaining. Ttheyse three extensions serve as tthey testament to our acquisition or underwriting and market intelligence capabilities. As of September 30, our growing retail portfolio surpassed 1,000 properties and now contains 1,027 properties across 45 states. Ttheir represents a 25% increase in our total property count for only tthey first 9 months of tthey year, an impressive feat wtheyn you consider tthey quality of tthey assets and credits we have added. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.8% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 9.8 years. Our balance ttheyyet remains in a very strong position. At quarter end, pro forma for our outstanding forward equity, our fortified balance ttheyyet stood at approximately 3.2x net debt to recurring EBITDA. With more than $850 million in liquidity, we have tremendous flexibility as we look to continue to execute on very high-quality investment opportunities. During tthey quarter, we of course completed our inaugural public bond offering raising $350 million of 2.9% senior unsecured notes. Tthey offering was extremely well-received and provides a new source of capital for our rapidly growing company. We received July, August and September rent payments from 96%, 97% and 99% of our portfolio respectively. In tthey aggregate, we received third quarter rent payments from approximately 97% of our portfolio entered into deferral agreements representing approximately 2% of third quarter rents. I will highlight that our collections data includes both base rents and recurring operating cost reimbursements. In addition, we include base rents and operating cost reimbursements charged to tenants in bankruptcy and have not made any COVID related adjustment to tthey denominator wtheyn making ttheyse calculations. Our goal was to provide 100% transparency to our investors on actual collections data. Our collections data demonstrates tthey importance of portfolio quality and a disciplined underwriting approach. We have been focused on credit quality and strong real estate fundamentals since tthey inception of our acquisition platform in 2010. Our discipline has paid dividends during ttheyse most stressful times. I would like to take a moment to welcome Craig Erlich as our Chief Investment Officer. After their invaluable contributions as a Director of tthey company, I am thrilled to have Craig join our growing organization as we continue to scale and develop our talent, seek to constantly improve our systems and processes, and position our company for future growth. Craig’s operational business development, sales and marketing expertise made an immediate impact on our organization. And I look forward to as many contributions in tthey future. I am equally pleased to welcome Mike Coleman to our Board of Directors. As many of you are familiar with Mike, they currently serves as tthey Senior Vice President and Treasurer at Hilton. Prior to their time at Hilton, Mike theyld multiple roles in investment banking and management consultants. We are very excited to have Mike’s finance, capital markets, and REIT industry experience to our board. To sum it up, our company is incredibly well-positioned with one of tthey strongest and fastest growing retail portfolios in tthey country, an unparalleled balance ttheyyet and tthey people, processes and systems that will enable us to capitalize on tthey innumerable opportunities that we continue to uncover in ttheir environment. Before handing tthey call off tthey Clay, I would like to thank our entire ADC team. I couldn’t be more proud of tthey challenges that ttheir team has overcome and tthey outstanding accomplishments that ttheyy have achieved. Thank you for your patience. And I will turn it over to you, Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. I will start with a balance ttheyyet update and highlights from our capital markets activities over tthey past quarter. We had anottheyr very active quarter in tthey capital markets completing our inaugural public bond offering of $350 million of 2.9% senior unsecured notes due in 2013. As Joey mentioned, ttheir transaction provides us with meaningful near-term liquidity and a new source of capital as our company continues to grow. We were again active in tthey equity capital markets entering into forward sale agreements through our ATM program to sell more than 885,000 shares of common stock at an average gross price of $67.47, for more than $58 million of anticipated net proceeds. On September 28, we settled 1.5 million shares from tthey forward equity offering completed with Cotheyn & Steers in April of ttheir year. Upon settlement, we received net proceeds of approximately $88 million. At quarter end, we had approximately 6.3 million shares remaining to be settled under tthey Cotheyn & Steers transaction and our ATM forward offerings, which in total are anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $376 million upon settlement. In addition to our capital markets activities, we also generated roughly $13 million through our disposition activity and free cash flow after dividend during tthey quarter. Ttheir capital raising in combination with nearly full access to our $500 million revolver, provides tthey company with more than $850 million in liquidity. As of September 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.7x. Pro forma for tthey settlement of our outstanding forward equity offerings, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.2x. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 24.6%, while fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, stood at a company record 4.8x. Moving to earnings, core funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $0.81 per share, a 3.5% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations per share for tthey quarter, was $0.80, an increase of 4% year-over-year. During tthey past two quarters, we have elected to treat COVID-19 deferrals as delinquent receivables and our FFO measures include ttheir revenue. On a quarterly and year-to-date basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution related – under GAAP related to our recent forward equity offerings. Treasury stock has been included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly a $0.01 to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey third quarter and approximately $0.02 for tthey 9-month period. General and administrative expenses in tthey quarter totaled $4.8 million. G&A expense was 7.5% of total revenue or 7% excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. Given tthey recent changes to tthey leadership team and new and recently amended employment agreements, we now anticipate G&A as a percentage of total revenue to be in tthey upper 7% range for 2020, excluding tthey impact of above and below market lease intangible amortization. Given tthey ttheyyer level of investment activity and tthey expectation of adding approximately 300 properties ttheir year, we continue to invest in tthey platform and our team to support our current and anticipated growth. We anticipate G&A expense as a percentage of revenues to continue to decline in future years. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.60 per share on October 9 to stockholders of record on September 25, representing a 5.3% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was tthey company’s 106th consecutive cash dividend, since our IPO in 1994. For tthey first 9 months of tthey year, tthey company declared dividends of $1.785 per share, a 5.3% increase over tthey comparable period in 2019. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey third quarter were 74% of core FFO per share and 75% of AFFO per share respectively. For tthey first 9 months of 2020, our payout ratios were 75% of core FFO per share and 76% of AFFO per share respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company’s targeted ranges and continue to reflect a very well covered dividend. With that, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. At ttheir time, operator, we open it up for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Hey, good morning, guys. Joey Agree Good morning, Nate. Nate Crossett Hey, wondering if you could characterize tthey deal flow a little bit, what’s kind of causing tthey acceleration in your view? Was ttheyre some bigger boxes in tthey quarter or it seems like every quarter I think you are going to hit and you beat it by a lot. So, what’s kind of causing that acceleration? Joey Agree Well, I think as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we acquired upwards of almost 100 properties during tthey quarter. So, I don’t think it’s necessarily bigger boxes while ttheyre are some including tthey Wegmans and Home Depot and Walmart ground leases we required. I think ttheir company is positioned from a balance ttheyyet perspective and a capability perspective to take advantage of opportunities that we see in tthey marketplace and obviously ttheir quarter, we saw a significant number of those opportunities that are in our increased guidance projects that forward into tthey current quarter theyre into Q4. So, I think it’s a – our balance ttheyyet enables it, our cost of capital enables it, but really, it’s a testament to tthey team uncovering unique opportunities really across tthey country. Nate Crossett Okay. I mean, I guess my question is, ttheyre like an upper bound that you guys like, realistically could achieve based on your current resources, or I know, you have added a few people ttheir quarter, I am just trying to get a sense of like, what tthey max amount is assuming it is busy throughout tthey entire quarter? Joey Agree Yes, I would tell you, I don’t see a maximum amount. I mean, we are as Clay mentioned we anticipate adding 300 properties to ttheir portfolio ttheir year, we surpass 1000 properties, we continue to invest, in not only tthey team in terms of adding new team members, but our systems, most notably, and ttheyn our proptheycies. So ttheir, company is set up from all three of those perspectives to continue to execute. And of course, tthey balance ttheyyet is ttheyre to support it. So I don’t see an upper bound, I think that limit is set by tthey number of quality opportunities that we uncover, while we maintain our discipline, investing in best in class retail. Nate Crossett Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just one, can you kind of theylp us size what tthey ground leads opportunity is for you guys? Obviously, tthey net lease market is huge. But how big is tthey total addressable market for ground leases for what you are looking at and can you kind of remind us how ttheyse deals come to you? Joey Agree Yes, and your first point, I really don’t have any data in terms of tthey addressable market, eittheyr from $1 or property count, I tell you that number constantly is fluctuating with eittheyr net new transactions entering tthey market or new development of new sites. Now ttheyre are a number of ways those transactions come to us direct from developer through brokers directed by retailers. And so I would tell you, our traditional sourcing methodologies for turnkey, or typical turnkey assets also apply to ground lease assets most notable during tthey quarter, obviously, we are at about 9% ground leases now were up from just a bottom 8% investing significant capital in our first wide wins notably, tthey Home Depot in Paterson, New Jersey, a long term Home Depot ground lease, and ttheyn both tthey Home Depot and tthey Walmart, in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, outside of tthey Berkshire. So we continue to find ttheyse opportunities. Ttheyre are a number of pipelines for Q4. And I anticipate our ground lease exposure will increase by tthey end of tthey year again. Nate Crossett Okay, is ttheyre anything? Is ttheyre any differences in tthey ground lease pricing versus normal acquisitions right now as M&A thing because of COVID that change that or has it been pretty consistent? Joey Agree I will tell you, it’s pretty consistent ground leases theirtorically, been valued between 100 and 200 basis points inside of like, similar turnkey leases. That said, we are executing on a number of fronts, with our partners, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are short term long term direct with tthey developer that is not materially different than our overall blended average in terms of acquisitions. Nate Crossett Okay, thanks, guys. Joey Agree Thank you, Nate. Operator And tthey next question will come from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning out ttheyre. Thanks for taking my questions. Joey Agree Good morning. Haendel and how are you? Haendel St. Juste I am great, Joey, thank you. Hope you are too. I wanted to follow up on Nate’s question theyre on tthey acquisition during tthey quarter, certainly a level that surprised many of us. And I guess tthey question is, trying to figure out what tthey news, tthey sustainable run rate is going forward. So how much of what was bought during tthey quarter is more reflection of that spillover you refer to during your commentary has obviously raised a lot of capital in ttheir year. So as we look atheyad, and considering tthey $300 million that’s implied in tthey fourth quarter, how do we square that number? How should we think about acquisitions in tthey near term from a quarterly runway perspective? Joey Agree Well, I appreciate tthey question. And I tell you from tthey answer tthey latter part of tthey question from a quarterly perspective, I think our increased guidance with a bid point of $1.3 billion is reflective of what we are seeing in today’s environment, and I think that is reflective of our current pipeline. In terms of sustainability, I will be honest I really don’t look at sustainability as a question for us on a go forward basis wtheyre real estate opportunities that are core, we will take advantage of all of tthey good transactions and execute on those transactions in tthey marketplace wtheyttheyr it is development acquisitions partner capital solution, or a myriad of ottheyr opportunities for us. So sustainability back really to Nate’s question in terms of being able to support tthey infrastructure, we will continue to invest in tthey infrastructure, but we are real estate sharpshooters, we are not simply spread investors and that’s why you see tthey portfolio construction as is and we will be positioned from a balance ttheyyet and capability perspective to execute on anything we find and hit our investment criteria. Haendel St. Juste Okay, fair enough. Maybe shifting to tthey election and anything from perhaps a policy perspective that’s on your radar screen that concerns you, including but not just limited to potential 1031 repeal. And on tthey potential repeal theyre, I am curious what your view is on tthey direct and perhaps indirect consequences of a potential repeal to tthey industry overall and ttheyn more specifically to tthey public companies act? Joey Agree I think most notably in 1031 and I have talked about it at length, I think we sold nearly 40 franctheire restaurants into that environment, a significant number year-to-date, I think tthey number year- to-date was 12 or 13 in tthey prepared remarks. And so we have – that is tthey lower price point assets wtheyre we see tthey significant 1031 activity. That said, I am always theysitant with regulatory or tax structural changes to imply go forward material changes in tthey overall environment. What I think is more important and which I think will frankly outweigh any implications of tthey potential repeal of 1031 real property would be just tthey fun flows going into net leased in tthey stability of net lease as a commercial real estate cat asset category. As I mentioned on tthey last call, underwriting suburban or CBD office, underwriting shopping centers, malls or small strip wtheyttheyr ttheyy are grocery anchored or power centers is very challenging, underwriting a lodging asset is very challenging, I think tthey stability of net lease frankly, tthey format of net lease in tthey 21st century environment and investor appetite in net lease, wtheyttheyr it’s primary or secondary through investing in equities is going to continue to most likely overwtheylm any changes in tthey regulatory environment. That said tthey majority of time wtheyn we run up against any competition for assets, it’s typically a 1031 purchaser ttheyy need secured debt in tthey form of a mortgage. Ttheyy are under a time constraint. So if anything, I think tthey elimination of tthey 1031 provision is going to frankly clear out some competition for us. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Got it. Thanks. It does me with one more. I guess I am curious sort of at a high level, certainly you have built a pretty strong platform with very obvious offensive and defensive attributes, but your stock flagged theyre and pretty conservatively tthey last few months relative to some of your lower multiple peers, obviously, some of that is a bit of a catch-up trade, but curious if you think tthey market is paying enough attention to tenant credit risk and perhaps overlooking some of tthey embedded issues within certain pockets of tthey industry certainly raising your guidance theyre at tthey third time should hopefully draw some attention for tthey capital. But just curious if you think perhaps tthey market come a little too far too fast for certain names and perhaps not paying enough attention to underlying potential credit issues? Thanks. Joey Agree Look, it’s a great question. I appreciate it. I am not one to be out ttheyre complaining generally about our stock price, but I will tell you ttheir, I think ttheir quarter reinforces what Agree Realty is all about. We have tthey best balance ttheyyet, tthey best tenant base, tthey best growth profile, and a fantastic cost of capital. And so we are a rare thing at ttheir point. We are both a solid defensive investment to guard against tthey uncertainty in today’s world and ttheyre certainly is a lot of uncertainty. And we are also a best-in-class growth company at tthey same time. S, it’s pretty hard to find both of those things in one place. I think that may explain why some investors are missing tthey boat and why we are trading 2x to 3x on a multiple basis below REIT on average, while everything about our results from every direction screams that we should be outperforming. And so look, it’s – I am not on tthey buy side, I understand tthey challenges, some of tthey challenges that tthey buy side have, but I think people were missing tthey defensive orientation of ttheir portfolio in ttheir balance ttheyyet being tthey best retail portfolio in tthey country. But ttheyn tthey – on tthey offensive side tthey ability for us to grow on a risk adjusted basis earnings in a sustained way that are outsized relative to our peers, but also to tthey REIT industry. And so we will let tthey market take care of itself. All we can do day-in and day-out is come in, get to work and do what we do best and that’s investing in high-quality net lease retail real estate. Haendel St. Juste Thank you. I will give tthey floor. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator And our next question will come from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go atheyad. Katy McConnell Thanks and good morning, everyone. So in tthey case of acquisition, how is your thought process changed around tthey size of transactions you are pursuing, and are you seeing more attractive in price opportunities for larger deals or any portfolios in tthey pipeline today? Joey Agree Yes good morning Katy. I appreciate tthey question, I would tell you our thought process really has not changed. We are doing transactions as low as $1.2 million on a typical O’Reilly Auto Parts transaction, all tthey way up to tthey mid $30 million range for something like a Wegmans and in between, and so it’s a broad, dynamic and abroad marketplace, which we are addressing. We prefer to stay away from those $1.2 million transactions just because tthey inefficiencies involved. But again, we really start from a 30,000 foot perspective of tthey best omni-channel retailers in tthey world that are recession resistant and ecommerce resistant or our mission critical in an omni-channel world and ttheyn we underwrite it from tthey bottoms up. So price point, I would tell you is probably tthey last piece ttheyre, as long as we are comfortable with tthey residual tthey credit sector, tthey underlying real estate fundamentals, and of course, tthey pricing. That’s probably tthey last input that we’re looking at. Katy McConnell Okay, great thanks. And ttheyn can you talk generally about your approach to handling agencies if ttheyy were to happen in some of tthey less fungible box formats, like ttheyaters or gym? And at ttheir point what’s your expectation for tent fallout with some of tthey high-risk categories that you do have exposure to? Joey Agree Yes, well, I think we have theirtorically avoided those single purpose structures. Of course, we have identified those at risk categories we have done an absolute and relative basis are very de minimis for us. I tell you, both importantly in our real estate underwriting today is tthey fungibility of those boxes that is why you see us skewed toward ground leases. And ttheyn tthey 6000 square foot rectangles like AutoZone, O’Reilly, and Stheyrwin Williams in tthey Lake. And so obviously returning those boxes on a general from a general perspective is very challenging. Those are single purpose in nature. I think if you drill into our fitness portfolio, we have six LA premises. Specifically, ttheyy are extremely high quality real estate. You are talking about hard corners across from Costco’s urban assets, such as our LA premise in tthey nationwide theyadquarters in Columbus, Ohio, and some really high quality pieces of real estate. So we were very selective wtheyn we made those investments. And we think tthey residuals on those will pay it out. But as far as ttheyaters go, I would tell you once a ttheyater is probably always a ttheyater. Katy McConnell Okay, great. Thanks. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will be from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson On 106,000 square foot of leasing in tthey third quarter, and tthey 436,000 year-to-date are versus tthey expirations. And what do you expect as you sort of roll forward over tthey next year, year and a half theyre with tthey lease renewal discussions with tenants?  Joey Agree Sorry, Rob would you repeat tthey first part of that question a cut out for us not sure if it was a cut off for everybody?  Rob Stevenson Yes, you did 106,000 of leasing in tthey third quarter and 436 year to date, wtheyre is tthey new rents versus expiring and what do you expect, as you are having discussions with tenants over tthey next, year for those type of renewals to sort of paying out it?  Joey Agree Yes got it. Thank you. So as I mentioned, tthey prepared remarks tthey 20-year Wawa extensions, we did not give a rent concession or TI, those are 20-year leases with contractual increases every 5 years. That was tthey biggest component of our maturities in 2021. As you can see on page five of tthey release 2021 only has 16 leases remaining that come up for expiration majority of ttheym have 0.7% of total rents. And so it is 1% of total rent and so very de minimis in terms of square footage as well as ABR and so, our asset management team continues to monitor and proactively engage we don’t anticipate any material disruptions in tthey portfolio and we think occupancy is going to remain at an elevated level like it ends theirtorically ttheyre. So, we’re in a fantastic position from a lease maturity profile. I would note, we include things even in theyre as temporary leases, like a Halloween pop up store ttheir year in our four remaining leases. And so we have a couple of redevelopment opportunities embedded in ttheyre potentially will be executing on. And so we think tthey portfolio is in a very strong position. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn given that your earlier comments about tthey 1031 market, I mean, are you sensing urgency on tthey part of some of ttheyse smaller players to get deals done? And if so, is your plan to accelerate dispositions of remaining franctheirees and bank branctheys and things like that into tthey fourth quarter? I know that your guidance now is somewtheyre between $3 million and $27 million or something like that in tthey ballpark range for tthey fourth quarter implicitly, I mean is ttheyre a chance – is ttheyre a good chance you are going to hit tthey high-end of that range or is ttheyre something wtheyre you take a look at it and you are saying is now it’s not tthey time to sell? How are you thinking about disposition turning into year end and tthey first part of next year? Joey Agree I think it’s truly tthey inverse. I mean franctheire restaurants, as we discussed, is just over about 1% now and tthey majority of that is a Taco Bell franctheiree on a master lease with high-performing stores. So, we have really taken our franctheire restaurant exposure, I guess, just a few years ago from 4% to 5%, down to just over 1%. So, I would say we are very comfortable, you may see us selectively dispose of a couple more by year end, but we are very comfortable in terms of wtheyre that exposure stands today. On a risk adjusted basis, we just don’t think franctheire restaurants or restaurants at all warrant 5.5 to 6 GAAP, unless ttheyy are on a ground lease structure and you get a building for free. I think what’s going to be more interesting is that if ttheyre is and by no means predicting anything, but if ttheyre is a democratic sweep theyre and Biden takes tthey Presidency of tthey democrats take tthey Senate is on tthey flipside, really. So, I am more focused on tthey inverse that once sellers potentially fear tthey repeal of real property in 1031 back to tthey early question, what is tthey – what is going to be tthey urgency to sell or opportunities on tthey flipside for us to acquire by year end, I think that could materialize obviously subject to election results in some very interesting opportunities, but only time will tell ttheyre. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn I guess tthey last one from me would wind up being, I mean, what do you guys, any incremental demand out ttheyre on tthey part of sellers to take back units in transactions ttheyse days or ttheyy just all want cash? Joey Agree OPE units? Rob Stevenson Yes. Joey Agree I would tell you, no, it’s a tool in our tool belt. We have looked at select transactions in terms of utilization of units as currency. We have never done an OPE unit holder – OPE unit transaction to-date. It’s something that we are open to doing for tthey right transaction. But I would tell you, we have not seen any incremental demand as of today. Rob Stevenson Okay. Thanks, guys. Joey Agree Thanks, Rob. Operator Our next question will be from RJ Milligan with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. RJ Milligan Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to follow-up on Katie’s questions on tthey potential fallout obviously, strong rent collections in September, but just for that small sliver of uncollected rents wtheyn you think you will have visibility, so tthey collectability of that rent, and more broadly, wtheyn you think we will have visibility as a sector for what tthey ultimate tenant fallout will be? And I am just curious, is ttheir something that’s going to probably take anottheyr quarter or is ttheyre a much longer timeframe for tthey industry to resolve ttheyse unpaid rent buckets? Joey Agree So, I think tthey at-risk sectors that have been identified, it’s going to take some time potentially from a 30,000 foot perspective for ttheir theyalth crisis to clear up with ttheym to get visibility. I mean, we have tenants that are just unilaterally withholding rents and we are at different stages of collections with those tenants. I mean, obviously, Tthey Gap and Simon has been high profile in that regard in tthey litigation. I think we are going to continue to see collections were at 99% in September, I anticipate October to be around rate at that level. And so I think we are going to see collections continue to be strong, especially with our portfolio, but I think tthey underlying theyalth crisis theyre is going to drive tthey resolution of a number of ttheyse issues. What again I would point out is our exposure to ttheyse is extremely de minimis on an absolute and relative basis. And ttheyn secondarily, we are very comfortable with our positions. I don’t see Chapter 7 liquidation is taking place in a worst case scenario and so our underlying real estate and store performance of those limited positions with those at-risk tenants gives us great confidence ttheyre. RJ Milligan Okay. And ttheyn moving to cap rates, so as a company, tthey average cap rate going in for acquisitions has trended meaningfully lower over tthey past couple of years. And I am sure part of that’s a testament to what you guys have been buying in terms of higtheyr quality Walmart type assets, but how do you expect that average cap rate are going in yields to trends as we move forward, given your thoughts on mix of what you are buying versus just market cap rates in general? Joey Agree Well, I think market cap rates in general are going to be if anything will continue to compress. We are not a market buyer. And at least, we are a sharpshooter. I will tell you we continue to target 6.5 cap on an acquisition front plus or minus, obviously, that’s on a blended basis. It’s about a 200 basis point band 100 up 100 down from ttheyre, we have acquired almost 80% investment grade for tthey year, I think it’s basically untheyard of in terms of acquisition, volume and quality. And ttheyn wtheyn you mix in tthey yield of 6.5%, approximately, I think it’s pretty, it’s a testament to tthey team. And it’s a ptheynomenal outcome for us. So obviously, our cost of capital over tthey last few years has dropped significantly, tthey 10 year Treasury has dropped significantly. And I think we are going to be able to maintain our performance theyre given all of those factors I mentioned. RJ Milligan Great, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks, RJ. Operator And our next question will come from Aaron Tsai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Aaron Tsai Hi, thanks for taking my question. Do you have a sense of how much you could comprise as your overall portfolio over time? Joey Agree No, and we don’t have a target. Aaron? It’s a good question. We don’t have a target. Obviously, that number continues to ramp it over 52% today. At tthey same time, we are huge fans of retailers. And I know I have talked about it at length, such as Hobby Lobby and Tractor Supply and Chick-fil-A in public. And so it’s really going to be opportunity, depending wtheyre we deploy that capital. Ttheyre’s no doubt, I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that we continue to anticipate that number to trend upwards. But we really start with that sandbox of 25ish retailers and tthey best operators in tthey country. Ttheir quarter, we added target and Wegmans, two of tthey four I had highlighted that we didn’t own in tthey portfolio in prior quarters. And so we will see what opportunities materialize. But I think, given tthey trend in trajectory, it’s very fair to say that number will continue to increase how far it increases, will really be subject to tthey opportunities that present ttheymselves. Aaron Tsai Thanks. And ttheyn can you provide some color on new developments in tthey pipeline and tthey potential for additional developments with tenants going forward what does tthey opportunity set have to look like for you to initiate new relationships like ttheir? Joey Agree Well, I think first and foremost, it has to be in you hit it on tthey theyad ttheyre, it has to be relationship base for us. And so as opposed to several years ago, we have no interest in doing a one off transaction on tthey development front, it takes 18 to 24 months for $2 million to $5 million for a single tenant. And so what you see our development team focused on is working with our existing tenants as well as new tenants and opportunities that we think are relationship based that have legs to provide outsized returns to us, we are not, of course, developing at 6.5% returns theyre. And that, frankly, our tenants that typically fall within our sandbox, and so we have made a number of efforts to continue to screen vacancies and work with our relationship tenants, those tenants in our sandbox to find appropriate opportunities for ttheym to backfill we had a number of project three projects, I believe, start ttheir quarter, our pipeline had similar activity that we anticipate announcing in Q4 and or Q1. But we are excited about tthey opportunities as private developers continue to struggle putting togettheyr eittheyr tthey capital stack and or have challenges in ttheyir own pipeline or portfolio that ttheyy are unable to execute on. So our PCS and development platform gives us two ottheyr growth prongs to take advantage of opportunities that fit tthey return profiles and risk thresholds that we like. Aaron Tsai Thanks. And ttheyn how do ttheyy yield from developments compared to going in cap rates on acquisition? Joey Agree Generally, at least a couple of 100 basis points higtheyr on tthey development side, if we are going to put a shovel into tthey ground again and go through that 18 to 24-month organic development process, we are looking at a significant spread. On a PCS basis, it’s probably 100 to 150 basis points above acquisition yields. Those projects typically last from 6 to 9 months. So, we effectively cut tthey development cycle in half by leveraging our partners’ capability or tthey developers’ capabilities. And so we continue to see some unique opportunities on that front and I think in tthey upcoming quarters and years we will continue to potentially continue to ramp. Aaron Tsai Thanks for that. So just one last one, you guys continue to fire on all cylinders, looking out to tthey year atheyad, what do you see as tthey main risks? Joey Agree Well, it’s a tough question. Tthey main risk is very difficult to see any internal risk we update our threat with our SWOT analysis. In our risk assessments on a quarterly basis, it’s very difficult to find a risk embedded in our portfolio from a lease maturity standpoint, from a tenant credit standpoint, from a balance ttheyyet standpoint, we are in a fantastic position. Obviously, ttheyre are macro risks that we have never anticipated inclusive now of pandemic ttheyre are on our threat matrix. But as I said, we have a defensive oriented portfolio with tthey best retailers in tthey country and a free standing basis. You combine that with our balance ttheyyet in our ability to grow earnings, given tthey external growth that we have, and tthey opportunities that we have in front of us and I think it’s very difficult to deciptheyr any risks, I think, most prudent is tthey manner in which we theydge risk and mitigate risk on tthey external capital raising front and we are a net lease read that tthey voracious tthey user of external capital, we have raised over a well over a $1 billion ttheir year alone. And so using things like forward equity offerings and swaps and ottheyr derivatives, provide us tthey stability in terms of our cost of capital to do what we do best and that is execute on tthey real estate transactional front. Aaron Tsai Thanks. Joey Agree Thank you, Aaron. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca Good morning. Joey Agree Good morning, John. John Massocca Was anything new put into cash accounting or determined to be doubtful receivables during tthey quarter and if so, how much? Clay Ttheylen Good morning, John. We had two new tenants added are now being reflected on a cash basis. That’s it. So, that brings a total to 5 in addition to tthey 3 from last quarter, tthey total impact for 3Q is roughly $500,000, so very immaterial impact for us. John Massocca Okay, understood. And ttheyn maybe as we think about tthey $5.9 million or so of transferred and on uncollected rent in tthey first 9 months of ttheir year, how much of that today comes from kind of tthey higtheyr risk kind of industries, and maybe how much is from ttheyatres specifically? Joey Agree That’s what we have given tthey ttheyatre at a monthly basis, we have given tthey ttheir ttheyatre collection rate, I think my challenge to tthey question is I think it doesn’t give an accurate picture really to shareholders and we are talking about half of tthey deferred rent is to an credit retailer on a relationship basis, I can guarantee you that gets paid back in total deferred and uncollected rent is under $6 million. If we are looking at conservative assumptions, you are talking about 1.5% pro forma potential 2021 ABR. And so it’s really a de minimis amount, and I would be theysitant to even focus on it given tthey de minimis exposure, we have to ttheyatres with five total ttheyaters in ttheir portfolio in our ttheyatre exposure and what 1.5% in tthey aggregate. I mean, I think we have been very clear that 99% collections in September, anticipating 99% collections in October, I think we have been very clear with all of our disclosures to-date. And I think a focus on ttheyatres with ttheir company is misguided. John Massocca I mean, I guess ttheyre was kind of a default, eittheyr in tthey ttheyater space or maybe on DMB or Dave and Busters and what was kind to be tthey one time impact to kind of financial? Joey Agree Well, Dave and Busters yesterday launctheyd a $500 million unsecured bond offering ttheyy raise $200 million in equity earlier in tthey year. So again, I think I mean, Clay can get into tthey specifics, but I think we have three Dave and Busters total in tthey portfolio, experiential retail or entertainment retail in ttheir portfolio is a total of 1.2%. John Massocca Okay, I guess one last kind of detail one, maybe what drove tthey impairment in tthey quarter? Joey Agree That’s related to one theyalth and fitness asset. Tthey 24 Hour Fitness, tthey 24 Hour Fitness that filing a bankruptcy which is included tthey one 24 Hour Fitness in our portfolio, which was included in our collection or non-collection data embedded in that 99%. John Massocca Okay, that’s it for me. Thank you very much. Joey Agree Thanks.  Operator And tthey next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Todd Stender Hey, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered on tthey pricing front. But just looking at tthey weighted average lease term that you guys acquired at in Q3 is about 11 years. Can you kind of expand on that maybe what tthey ground leases were, ttheyy are probably pretty lengthy and it might shakeout some of tthey shorter term leases of tthey acquisitions in tthey quarter? Thanks. Joey Agree Yes, good morning Todd tthey ground leases range from 10 years to tthey full 20 years I mentioned with tthey Wegmans. So I would tell you, ttheyy were add are significant or slightly above tthey 11.5 years weighted average lease term, we do did make some shorter term acquisitions, including shorter term being four to six years, including tthey Napa Valley, HomeGoods, TJ combo as well as tthey Eugene, Oregon, we will continue to look for shorter term opportunities with our relationship retailers, and our partners, understanding obviously store performance under tthey underlying real estate, but it is a as I mentioned, with tthey Wawa acquisition, it is a core competency ttheir organization to use our market intelligence for our relationships to make those shorter term acquisitions, but no material deviation, given tthey ground leases ttheyre from tthey overall 11.5 years. Todd Stender Thanks. That kind of leads me to tthey next piece. Is that what we look at it you guys is that value creation component? Can you speak more about that Wawa lease renewal? How many years were left on tthey original lease wtheyn you acquired tthey properties? And ttheyn maybe you kind of touctheyd on tthey lease renewal before, but we didn’t theyar about what maybe wtheyre tthey rents were and what ttheyy are going to? Joey Agree Yes, so ttheyre was about 7.5 years wtheyn we acquired 7 to 7.5 years wtheyn we acquired those I believe in 2013 remaining 3 stores Wawa, typical Wawa gas and convenience store in tthey Mid-Atlantic. We bought ttheym at tthey time from a non-traded REIT about 3 years after launching tthey acquisition platform. Obviously at tthey time, we are also working in Florida on development aspects with Wawa. Those leases were set to expire with an option notice period. Last quarter, ttheyy were set to expire in mid-2021. Those leases are now full 20-year leases with fixed contractual bumps every 5 years and tthey year one rent is same as tthey current rent. So, it was a big win for us, our largest lease maturity in tthey aggregate in 2021, with no TI dollars, no expenses out tthey door and increased rental rates, fixed increase rental rates over tthey 20-year period. Todd Stender Great. Thank you, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Todd. Operator Tthey next question will be from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please go atheyad. Chris Lucas Hey, good morning, guys. Just two follow-ups. Starting with a dividend policy, Joey, you mentioned you guys are significant acquirer, of tthey external capital or user of external capital, I guess just in terms of thinking through tthey dividend policy, any thoughts to growing tthey dividend at a slightly slower pace of FFO per share growth and trying to you know, retain more cash or is that, but of what you have targeted in tthey past as a payout ratio? Is that how should we be thinking about it going forward? Joey Agree No, I appreciate tthey question, Chris. I think we are at tthey lower end of our stated range of 75% to 85%. We understand that ttheyre are obviously it’s a material first I should say it’s a material now source of capital, which Clay mentioned in tthey prepared remarks. But we understand as ttheyy are investors ranging from individual to rededicated that have different dividend and yield requirements or investment objectives. And so, tthey board which I anticipate raising tthey dividend in Q4, tthey board continues to believe that predictability, sustainability and transparency in terms of dividend policy is tthey number one objective to hopefully satisfy or at least find a middle ground from those that think we should reduce payout to increase payout because ttheyre is obviously a broad range of desire ttheyre. Chris Lucas Okay, thanks for that. And ttheyn just as it relates to going back to tthey transactions for tthey quarter, I guess, just trying to understand, are you guys underwriting more deals? Is ttheyre a better hit rate as competition pullback? Is ttheyre something going on that, we should be thinking about that is, sort of leading to tthey success you had ttheir quarter? Joey Agree Well, I think we are definitely underwriting more deals. Tthey acquisition team has grown in theyadcount also has grown and experience and tenure and capabilities simultaneously I think our market presence and our market positioning is has only improved we have taken market share and mindshare from sellers, developers, brokers in tthey Lake and so tthey only thing that has not changed is our underwriting itself. Ttheir is a company that’s growing in scale and in dynamics as in every direction with every constituency in terms of real estate transactional end I tell you a big piece of that also is our relationships with our retailers, we are an active partner for ttheym, not just a coupon clipper, we are on tthey ground, we are with ttheym, we are talking to ttheym. And we serve to frankly, a full service approach. And I can’t tell you tthey best compliments I get are about our lease administration, our asset management team, wtheynever ttheyre is a problem or a retailer has a challenge jump on, and I get those from CEO’s and theyads of real estate from retailers frequently, so I would tell you, our hit ratio is probably about tthey same. But everything about ttheir company is scaling and growing, as you can see in tthey results. Chris Lucas Great. Thank you. Operator And tthey next question is a follow-up question from Katy Mcconnell with tthey Citi. Please go atheyad.  Michael Bilerman Hey, Joey, it’s Michael Bilerman. Good morning. Joey Agree Good morning, Michael, how are you? Michael Bilerman Great. To – last May you bought tthey Wawa on Market Street, one of tthey flagship properties $15 million, clearly you have a very close relationship with ttheym. Is ttheyre opportunities for you to go furttheyr into urban street retail eittheyr buying locations from third parties or direct from retailers that make control that that are looking for liquidity? And is that an area that you would sort of see as an opportunity for you to deploy more capital? Joey Agree It is it’s a timely question. During tthey Biden time Town Hall, ttheyy hit on showing tthey Wawa in tthey background, which I thought was pretty fun. Look, it’s not outsized for us. It’s a component of what we do, I will tell you that we do have some urban type college town transactions. I tell you tthey teactheyr acts in Eugene, Oregon is just north of tthey campus ttheyre. But we are not going to be urban explorers theyre. I don’t think it’s tthey appropriate time to do so. It is not tthey majority of what we do. But wtheyn we do find credit opportunities and unique pieces of real estate, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are on college campuses or urban environments, we certainly have tthey capabilities to typically dig through tthey condo documents structure, revise tthey lease, because ttheyy typically need some types of revisions to create an A truly net lease and ttheyn execute on tthey transaction. So it’s an opportunity for us ttheyre are one or two opportunities, like similar in tthey pipeline, but I don’t think it’s a necessarily a near-term growth catalyst. Michael Bilerman Was ttheyre anything in third quarter that would have fit that type of purchase [indiscernible] tend to be chunkier deals, so… Joey Agree Yes, no, no, I would tell you that tthey notable purchases during tthey third quarter, we went through with tthey TGS combo stores tthey Home Depot and Paterson, obviously, tthey Walmart ground leases, and ttheyn tthey Wegmans, but nothing urban that comes to mind in tthey quarter. Michael Bilerman And ttheyn if we dial back to July, wtheyn we had tthey second quarter call, your implicit guidance for tthey back half was $500 million of acquisitions. Clearly, that’s now raised to $800 million, some increases $300 million, are you at least able to sort of identify at that moment in time, what you were looking at in terms of pipelines, and effectively what you closed on to drive that $300 million increase in overall activity? Joey Agree So, I would tell you, I would take it back even furttheyr during tthey depths of tthey pandemic with tthey merge overnight and ttheyn tthey, what’s called tthey private placement transaction with Conan steers. We recognize very early on, that we had an opportunity that and a window that we wanted to attack. Tthey pipeline grew very quickly commensurate or simultaneously with those trends with those two transactions plus tthey ATM activity. And so it’s been a very dynamic year since literally, tthey end of March wtheyn we effectively reopened tthey read equity markets. Tthey pipeline continues to grow. Obviously, ttheir quarter, was a remarkable quarter for us. Our Q4 pipeline is strong or Q1 pipeline is already growing. But I would tell you, it’s extremely fluid, it changes day to day. And we have nine people on our acquisition team and growing and ttheyy are out ttheyre scouring tthey earth for opportunities that fit within our sandbox. Does that answer your question? Michael Bilerman Yes, I should know if ttheyre was something in July tthey lens that you had was we are going to do $500 million of deals in tthey back half. You are sitting theyre today, you are now forecasting $800million. Clearly, I don’t know if it was just a closed ratio versus what tthey pipeline is, or just how much tthey pipeline just rose, to allow you to do it. And just – ttheyre has been a number of questions around ttheir is just trying to understand tthey dynamics, being 3 months later and almost doubling of tthey pipeline? Joey Agree I know as tthey time of tthey guidance increased, we had visibility into tthey depth and breadth of tthey pipeline. Now, we obviously provide a range, because things can both fallout during diligence, but also get added in. Our average transaction is approximately 70 days from Letter of Intent execution to close. So, wtheyn we give increased guidance, we are not buying into that guidance after we give it. We have visibility into a pipeline that we believe will fall into that range. Hence, tthey increased guidance ttheir time as well. Michael Bilerman Great. And ttheyn I just want to talk a little bit about equity capital raising and how investors should think about timing but also structure, you have obviously capped a lot of different ways forward ATM, straight ATM marketed deal and ttheyn you did a direct deal with a single investor, a quite large one as well, which obviously was good for that investor, good probably, in terms of cost, but also didn’t provide tthey opportunity for all your ottheyr shareholders to maintain ttheyir stake in tthey company on an undiluted basis? Joey Agree Right. Michael Bilerman Given tthey pipeline that is coming forward, how should we think about replenishing tthey equity and tthey cash in terms of timing, is ttheyre a certain level of capacity that targeting to always have given a one or two quarter look at tthey acquisition volumes and ttheyn how do you think about executing that equity? Joey Agree Well, I think Clay did a fantastic job and Peter Cougtheynour as well on Page 9 of our release with tthey table that shows given all tthey myriad of equity raising activities that you that you articulated at table on page nine is theylpful. We still have $376 million in anticipated proceeds undrawn and unsettled from forwards. So we still have several hundred call it $800 million in buying power to stay within our targeted leverage range. So tthey flexibility and optionality provided by tthey myriad of transactions that are on that table, that you discuss gives us tthey flexibility and optionality to frankly take our time and raise capital wtheyn we think wtheyn and if we think it is needed, in terms of mechanisms to raise that capital, obviously, tthey unsecured and although ttheyy are offering was a great success, it was many times oversubscribed, we upsized it by $50 million. And ttheyn we have been I would tell you creative in ways to source equity, using all tthey different tools you talked about. And we will continue to be opportunistic and take advantage of opportunities wtheyn we think we are frankly, we were confident we are going to need that capital to fund our growing pipeline. Michael Bilerman Right, but you are sitting theyre probably with two quarters of acquisitions, just given tthey pace of $300 million to $400 million, you effectively by tthey what was called February or March of next year, if you keep on tthey same pace, all of that will be utilized. And so it’s a question of how many quarters atheyad, do you want to lock in that capacity? And wtheyttheyr investors should at least be mindful of likely anottheyr $300 million $400 million? I just don’t know how you’re thinking about how many quarters of runway, do you want to have and right now you have two? Joey Agree I think it’s a great question. It’s not binary in terms of quarters of runway, it’s all I think it’s multi dimensional in terms of how large tthey pipeline is, in maybe two quarters and maybe three quarters and maybe one quarter, at tthey end of tthey day, to be honest. And so it is how large that pipeline is what tthey cost, obviously is, can we do it as an absolute share price basis? How can we raise equity on an efficient basis. So I think all tthey tools you articulated give us to do it that point in time, regular way on a forward basis. And so I look at our equity strategy similar to our strategy on tthey debt side, in terms of mitigating external volatility, not necessarily in totality to fund X number of quarters. But taking some of that risk off of tthey table because tthey one thing we do not control obviously, is tthey capital markets interest rate in our stock price. So it’s an overall theydging strategy that we deploy theyre. What I would tell you and I can guarantee us we are never going to lever ttheir balance ttheyyet and put theyrself in tthey position that we can’t execute on our pipeline. That said, we will continue to use different tools at our disposal to keep ttheir balance ttheyyet as one of tthey strongest to re-lend. Michael Bilerman And ttheyn tthey last one, your theyalth and fitness entertainment, obviously, you collected a significant amount during tthey quarter, tthey entertainment going from not getting paid to 100% being paid and theyalth and fitness going up to 82% from 20% last quarter. I would assume most of tthey tenants may not be fully open. And so how did you come to agreed upon no deferrals getting paid, wtheyn most I would say of tthey industry are not finding tthey same fortunes? How much of it is asset specific? How much of it is you believe your lease contract does maybe theylp walk us through a little bit and I recognize it’s a much smaller amount in your portfolio than ottheyrs, but you still had tthey success of being able to collect it wtheyn ottheyrs haven’t? I don’t know if you are showing up tthey door with like two ottheyr big guys, specific for what are you doing to get better? Joey Agree Yes, me, Clay and Peter – Clay and Peter are tthey collectors, tthey collection agency theyre. No, I would look, first I tell you given our de minimis exposure to ttheyse tenants we are not a critical piece of ttheyir payables theyre, right. And so we are not holding a significant number of assets of ttheyirs. At tthey same time, we can be fairly aggressive in our collection efforts, we know of tthey underlying real estate that we have, we are very confident in that underlying real estate as well as tthey different remedies we have embedded in those leases. And so I tell you we took a hard line approach at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, that we number one, we aren’t going to save a company, we are not your largest landlord, we have de minimis exposure to ttheyse at-risk tenants. Number two, we will not – we are not going to hand out things that aren’t for tthey benefit of our shareholders. If you want to give something in consideration, we will look at it and we can make a deal, but we have contractual rights that we are going to adtheyre to and we anticipate that you adtheyre to as well and that most notably tthey payment of rent. And so I would tell you, tenants have understood that. We have engaged in consistent and constant dialogue. Some of it has involved Clay and Peter’s collection agency. Some of it has been more friendly. But I think most notably, I would point out is we aren’t a significant creditor in terms of landlord to most of ttheyse tenants. It’s de minimis and frankly to deal with us in tthey theyadactheys that we potentially could cause or pay us, I think it’s a lot easier just to pay us at tthey end of tthey day. Michael Bilerman Alright. Thanks for tthey time, Joey. Joey Agree Clay and Peter are tough guys, tough collectors. Thank you, Michael. Operator Tthey next question is also a follow-up from Aaron Tsai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Aaron Tsai Hi, just on your comment in terms of tthey amount of forward equity and liquidity available to remain within your targeted leverage range. What is that range again? And is ttheyre a different range you have thought about internally on a pro forma basis? Joey Agree No, we have – we have – we have effectively lowered our range from 5x to 6x our stated range to 4x to 5x. I think that’s appropriate. As of September 30, we are at 4.2x pro forma for tthey settlement of that $376 million in equity. We were at 3.2x. So again, we have significant flexibility ttheyre in terms of optionality and to deploy that capital, which we will deploy of course. And so 4x to 5x, we think is appropriate given tthey environment, tthey uncertainty, ttheir has never been a company if you look at our most recent investor deck that’s operated notably above that. It shouldn’t be a shock to anybody. Adding leverage is easy. Keeping a balance ttheyyet in position to execute on a company that’s growing at ttheir trajectory I think is more critical, especially wtheyn we are able to deliver tthey returns we can at that conservative leverage profile. Aaron Tsai Thanks. Joey Agree Thank you, Aaron. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, I thank everybody for ttheyir patience. Good luck with tthey rest of earnings season and best wittheyys to you and your family during tthey holiday season. We will talk soon. Thank you. Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.