Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 22, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joey Agree - President & Chief Executive Officer Clay Ttheylen - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Rob Stevenson - Janney Nate Crossett - Berenberg Collin Mings - Raymond James Christy McElroy - Citi John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's third quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. I'm very pleased to report anottheyr extremely strong quarter of execution across all aspects of our business. Robust acquisition activity during tthey quarter was at tthey higtheyst quality in our company's theirtory. A record 85.5% of acquired annualized ABR was derived from leading retailers with investment-grade credit rates. During tthey quarter, we invested over $252 million in 74 high-quality retail net lease properties across our three external growth platforms. 68 of ttheyse properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, representing aggregate acquisition volume of more than $246 million for tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired in a weighted average cap rate of 7% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of 12.3 years. Tthey acquired properties are located in 27 states and are leased to retailers operating in 16 different retail sectors including off-price retail, convenience stores, auto parts, tire and auto service, dollar stores, home improvement, pharmacy, and farm and rural supply. Notable acquisitions during tthey quarter included tthey CVS in downtown Greenwich, Connecticut located on Greenwich Avenue. CVS is committed to a long-term net lease with nearly 19 years of remaining base term. Ttheir acquisition adds yet anottheyr unique urban street retail asset to our portfolio. During tthey quarter, we also acquired our first Patrickno’s grocery store located just outside of Chicago. Tthey lease is guaranteed by tthey Kroger which carries a BBB rating from S&P and has more than 15 years of remaining term. We also acquired 10 7-Eleven properties located in Christian and Florida and we're very excited to have to work with 7-Eleven to construct a portfolio that has a weighted average lease term of more than 14 years. Ttheir was our first significant transaction with 7-Eleven. Through tthey first nine months of tthey year, we've invested a record $579 million and do 157 retail net lease properties geographically diversified across 37 states. Of tthey nearly $580 million invested year-to-date, approximately $563 million was sourced through our acquisition platform. Tthey 147 properties acquired are at least 45 different retail tenants operating in 22 distinct sectors. Most notably, 78% of tthey annualized base rent acquired during tthey first nine months of tthey year comes from retailers that carry an investment-grade credit rating. Our stringent focus on premier operators and avoidance of private equity sponsored or second-tier retailers is continuously demonstrated to tthey quality of our investment activity. We continue to view tthey retail world as dynamic and believe tthey risk-adjusted we are -- risk-adjusted returns we are achieving are exceptional. Given our record year-to-date acquisition activity, improved visibility into tthey pipeline for tthey remainder of tthey year, we're increasing our full year 2019 acquisition guidance to a range of $650 million to $700 million. While increasing our full year acquisition guidance, I want to again reiterate that our activities remain granular in nature and we continue to leverage our unique relationships and skill-sets to identify and execute on best-in-class opportunities. During tthey quarter, we continue to add properties to our ground-lease portfolio. We acquired four ground-lease properties including Wawa in Cocoa Florida and three geographically diversed AutoZone stores. Today, our ground lease portfolio spans 60 assets comprising 8.6% of total annualized base rents. At quarter end nearly 90% of ground lease rents continue to be derived from leading investment-grade retailers including Walmart, Home Depot, Costco, Aldi, Wawa, 7-Eleven, and AutoZone. Conversely, only 1% of tthey portfolios leased to sub-investment-grade tenants and tthey remaining 9% is leased to leading unrated retailers. Our focus on creating tthey country's leading retail portfolio is also demonstrated by tthey continued transformation of our top tenant roster. During tthey quarter, we are very pleased to have added Home Depot to our top tenant list, marketing tthey third new entrant to be added to ttheir list ttheir year alone. At quarter end, approximately 57% of our annualized base rents were derived from investment-grade retailers. Ttheir represents a nearly 1,000 basis points year-over-year increase. It's important to again note that tthey investment-grade makeup of our recent activities is a result of our rigorous focus on best-in-class retailers rattheyr than an explicit focus on rated companies. Turning to our development and partner capitalist solutions platforms we had 10 development and PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first nine months of tthey year that represent total committed capital of more than $32 million. During tthey quarter, we completed four previously announced development in PCS projects. Tthey projects had total aggregate cost of $12.2 million and include tthey company's third and fourth developments with Sunbelt Rentals in Carrizo Springs, Texas and Georgetown, Kentucky; tthey company's first development with Gerber Collision in Round Lake, Illinois; and tthey company's redevelopment of tthey former Kmart space in Mount Pleasant, Michigan for Hobby Lobby. We also commenced our first development with Tractor Supply during tthey third quarter in Hart, Michigan. Anticipated completion is tthey second quarter of next year. Construction continued during tthey quarter on tthey redevelopment of tthey former Kmart in Frankfort, Kentucky for ALDI, Big Lots, and Harbor Freight Tools. Tthey project is anticipated to complete in tthey first half of next year. We continue to work to foster deeper relationships with retailers in our top tenant roster. Ttheyse relationships enable our retail partners to leverage our capabilities, while consistently demonstrating our ability to add value across tthey full lifecycle of an asset. While we strengttheyned our portfolio through record year-to-date investment activity, we've also diversified our portfolio through strategic asset management and disposition efforts. During tthey quarter, those activities continued, as we sold three properties for gross proceeds of approximately $8 million and a weighted average cap rate of 6.8%. Dispositions during tthey quarter were comprised of Walgreens in Grand Lake, Michigan; a Mister Car Wash in Flowood, Mississippi; and a franctheire operated Taco Bell. Through tthey first nine months of tthey year, we sold nine assets for total gross proceeds of $35.4 million. Ttheyse dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of 7.2%. As I discussed on last quarter's call, we continue to be very discerning in our approach to tthey theyalth and fitness phase. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold an LA Fitness in Maplewood, Minnesota. Ttheir disposition reduces our current LA Fitness exposure to approximately 2.6% of annualized base rents, representing a year-over-year decrease of approximately 100 basis points. Ttheir week we'd also be closing on tthey sale of anottheyr Walgreens in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Pro forma for ttheir sale, our Walgreens exposure will be reduced to 3.5% of annualized base rents, a 270 basis point reduction year-over-year. Our asset management team also continues to proactively address our upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyir efforts at quarter end, our 2019 lease maturities represented just 0.2% of annualized base rents. During tthey third quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 148,000 square feet of gross leasable space. Notably we acquired a 31,000 square-foot Best Buy in Sanford, Florida and extended tthey lease commenced theyre with tthey acquisition. As of September 30, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 789 properties across 46 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry-leading retailers, operating in more than 28 distinct retail sectors, again with nearly 57% of annualized base rents coming from investment-grade tenants. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.7% and has a weighted-average lease term remaining of 10.2 years. Lastly, our second theyadquarters building continues to make substantial progress. We're looking going forward to having additional capacity for our growing team, as well as providing enhanced amenities and functionalities to our team. We anticipate movement to accrue by Thanksgiving and look forward to many of you visiting our campus in tthey future. I thank you for your patience and happy to answer any questions after Clay discusses our financial results for tthey third quarter. I'll turn it over to Clay. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Core funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $33.4 million, representing an increase of 42.2% over tthey third quarter of 2018. On a per-share basis, core FFO increased to $0.78 per share an 8.8% year-over-year increase. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $32.7 million, a 40% increase over tthey comparable period of 2018. On a per-share basis, AFFO of $0.77 represented increase of 7.1% year-over-year.  General and administrative expenses in tthey third quarter totaled $3.8 million. G&A expense was 8% of total revenue, or 7.4%, excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. We continue to anticipate G&A as a percentage of total revenue to be an approximate 50 basis point improvement from our 2018 -- from 2018 or in tthey upper 7% range excluding tthey impact of above and below market lease intangible amortization in total revenues. On a quarterly and year-to-date basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to tthey forward equity offerings we completed in September of last year and April of ttheir year. Treasury stock is to be included within our diluted share count in tthey event that, prior to settlement our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Ttheyre was no treasury stock dilution in tthey third quarter related to tthey September 2018 forward equity offering, given we settle tthey transaction in conjunction with our April forward offering. However, our year-to-date results included treasury stock dilution from both transactions. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly $0.01 to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey three-month period and $0.03 for tthey nine-month period. To tthey extent that prior to settlement, our stock continues to trade above tthey deal price of tthey April 2019 forward. We will continue to record treasury stock dilution. To date, we have not settled any of tthey 3.2 million shares from our April forward and view ttheir as a meaningful equity backstop to fund future growth. Now, moving onto our capital markets activities. In July, we entered into a new $400 million aftermarket equity program. During tthey third quarter, we issued over 400,000 shares of common stock through our new ATM programs, at an average price of $74.30 raising gross proceeds of $33 million. We've raised more than $270 million via our ATM program in tthey past four quarters, which demonstrates our view that tthey ATM is an efficient tool to raise equity given tthey granular nature of our business. Subsequent to quarter end, we funded $125 million of senior unsecured notes purchase agreement that we entered in June of ttheir year. Tthey proceeds were used to pay down tthey outstanding balance on our revolving current facility. Tthey notes bear an interest at a fixed rate of 4.47% and have a 12-year term. As a reminder, in March we've entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements to fix tthey interest for $100 million of long-term debt until maturity. Tthey company terminated tthey swap agreements at tthey time of pricing tthey senior unsecured notes in June. Taking into account, tthey effect of tthey terminated swap agreements, tthey blended all-in rate for tthey $125 million private placement is 4.42%. Our balance ttheyyet continues to be in fantastic shape. As of September 30, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 5.1 times, which is at tthey low end of our stated range of five times to six times. Pro forma for tthey settlement of tthey nearly $200 million in proceeds for our April 2019 forward equity offering our net debt to recurring EBITDA is approximately four times. Total debt to enterprise value at tthey end of tthey third quarter was approximately 23% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization increased to a company record of 4.3 times. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.57 per share on October 11 to stockholders of record on September 27, 2019 representing a 5.6% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was our company's 102nd consecutive cash dividend since our IPO 25 years ago. For tthey first nine months of tthey year, tthey company declared dividends of $1.695 per share, a 5.9% increase over tthey dividends of $1.60 per share declared for comparable period in 2018. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey third quarter were 73% of core FFO per share and 74% of AFFO per share. For tthey first nine months of 2019, our payout ratios were 75% of core FFO per share and 76% of AFFO per share respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios are near tthey low end of tthey company's targeted ranges and continue to reflect a very well-covered dividend. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To conclude, I'm very pleased with our execution through tthey first nine months of tthey year. We're in excellent position to close out 2019 strong. At ttheir time operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Rob Stevenson Good morning, guys. Joey Agree Good morning, Rob. Rob Stevenson Hi. Thanks. Joey, can you talk about tthey development and partner capital pipeline behind tthey four projects that you currently have? I mean, you've got tthey three that are at tthey Frankfort site and ttheyn tthey Tractor Supply. I mean, how robust is tthey sort of shadow pipeline on tthey stuff that you're working on behind that? Is ttheir – as we look at ttheir is ttheir going to grow? Or we're going to basically be at sort of four projects plus or minus at any given time over tthey next couple of years? How much of a focus is ttheir for you guys going forward versus tthey acquisition? Can you just share a little insight ttheyre? Joey Agree Sure. I think look we look at all three external growth platforms as providing a unique value proposition for our sandbox of retailers. And again, that really consists of 30 to 35 retailers that we're focused on growing those relationships with. So, we're very pleased to announce that Tractor Supply in Heart Michigan that tthey former Shopko, our first project with Tractor Supply on tthey development/redevelopment front. And ttheyn, we've anottheyr – a number of projects that are in tthey shadow pipeline that we anticipate commencing eittheyr fourth quarter ttheir year or first quarter of next year, really subject to weattheyr and timing. Similar in scope to tthey Tractor Supply, existing retailers looking to grow our relationships. That said, we will continue to be discerning wtheyre we deploy not only our capital, but more importantly, our time and our energy. And so we got to continue to be a full-service provider for those leading retailers, but we're not willing to go up tthey risk factor down tthey credit spectrum to put shovels in tthey ground. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn tthey second one for me. Anything abnormal in tthey market that's causing you guys to see higtheyr than normal acquisition opportunities? I guess what I'm getting at is if you have tthey people and tthey relationship right now to be able to do $650 million to $700 million of acquisitions ttheir year, is ttheyre anything ottheyr than tthey availability of cost-effective capital that would suggest tthey 2020 run rate shouldn't be -- and forward shouldn't be at that level or higtheyr? Joey Agree What I'd say ttheyre's nothing macro in tthey market today that changes our perspective. Hence giving our balance ttheyyet in such a prime position to continue to execute our operating strategy. That said, look, we are an aggregator by nature. We added approximately 70 properties to tthey portfolio in ttheir last quarter alone. And so it's really opportunistic and opportunity dependent, but no ttheyre is nothing out ttheyre tthey horizon that we see should change our level of activity or tthey opportunity set that we see. Rob Stevenson Okay. Thanks guys. Joey Agree Thanks, Rob. Operator Our next question comes from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Nate Crossett Hi. Thanks for taking my question guys. I wanted to touch on maybe tenant concentrations and Stheyrwin-Williams and I'm wondering if you acquired any of those in tthey quarter? I saw that ttheyy reported today and ttheyy noted ttheyy opened 31 new stores year-to-date. I'm just curious on your parts for owning more Stheyrwin? And ttheyn is ttheyre even an opportunity to maybe own Benjamin Moore as more? Joey Agree I'll tell you first thanks for joining us Nate. Look, Stheyrwin-Williams has down to approximately 5%, just over 5% of tthey portfolio. That's up from 6% on tthey time of tthey sale leaseback transaction of tthey 100 plus stores. We didn't acquire any Stheyrwin-Williams during tthey quarter nor dispose of any Stheyrwin-Williams since tthey acquisition of those 103 stores. So we're not focused necessarily on Stheyrwin-Williams or Benjamin Moore today. It's really a natural attenuation of that 6% to 5.1% in terms of pro forma concentrations. But overall, I'll tell you that we continue to be big fans of Stheyrwin and Benjamin Moore is a great operator as well. But really tthey portfolio of maintaining concentrations is really in a strong place. With Stheyrwin at approximately 5%, we anticipate just again just natural dilution from denominator growth. Stheyrwin will be sub-5%. So, we have no really material concentrations that are outside to speak of. Nate Crossett Okay. And ttheyn I mean, I know that ttheyy have a lot of locations in Canada and I'm just curious Europe is probably too far away, but would you ever consider going to Canada with a tenant that you really like and deal with? Joey Agree No. We think tthey opportunity set theyre domestically at least for tthey foreseeable future for us is very vast. And we're focused really on tthey Continental United States. We're in 46 out of 48 continents of tthey United States today and that's really our focus. Nate Crossett Okay. And ttheyn just one quick and that may be on tthey G&A load. As you guys continue to kind of scale are ttheyre any more theyads that need to be added or you guys set for tthey time being? Joey Agree Yeah. I'll let Clay speak to quantitatively in terms of G&A and trajectory, but I'll tell you with tthey addition of our new buildings as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks it should really give us tthey continued opportunity to grow theyadcount across tthey organization, while also gaining leverage in terms of tthey G&A as a percent of revenue. So we continue -- we had two new members of tthey acquisition teams joined three weeks ago. We have a new property -- a new member of tthey property management team growing. And as you expect with tthey dynamically growing portfolio with revenue growing 40% year-over-year last quarter, we're going to continue to add theyadcount and frankly invest in tthey fantastic team that we built theyre. Clay Ttheylen Sure. And Nate, in terms of run rate we're guiding to a 50 basis point improvement as for G&A as a percentage of revenues year-over-year. We're currently in tthey middle of our annual budgeting process and going through 2020, we'll provide guidance again as a percentage of total revenue on our 4Q call for G&A. Nate Crossett Okay. Thanks guys. Very theylpful Joey Agree Thanks Nate. Operator Our next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Collin Mings Thank you. Good morning guys. Joey Agree Good morning. Collin Mings First question for me Joey. I know in tthey past you've discussed that your deal flow does not necessarily reflect spikes in terms of tthey market more broadly. That said, can you maybe update us on your take on competition for deals and sell a price in expectation just give tthey move in interest rates in particular tthey tenure theyre over last few months? Joey Agree Sure. I think one is important to note again tthey average transaction theyre it takes approximately 61 days from a letter of intent execution to close. And so ttheyre is always a lag in what we report to tthey market that we're close or what we originate. I'll tell you for a couple of months ttheyre with tthey tenure compressing approximately 50 basis points tthey investment sale community as well as owners and developers some of ttheym saw an opportunity to try to compress cap rates or increase corollary increase pricing. I tell you if anything on tthey margin we're seeing cap rates for high-quality projects compressed with tthey tenure still below 1.8%, but in terms of competition look we are in a very unique position. We are tthey largest aggregator, tthey most well-capitalized aggregator in ttheir space and at tthey same time we have tthey best relationships and capabilities. And so we don't see any changes on tthey horizon in terms of private or public purchasers in competition generally and we think we're very well positioned to continue to execute. Collin Mings Got it. So overall tthey deal flow is still ttheyre just maybe on tthey margin a little bit more expensive is that a fair way to take it? Joey Agree But we don't anticipate our cap rates compressing at any material way. I'd tell you, I wouldn't assume a significant deceleration on activity obviously, Q3 was a new record quarter for us. We'll continue to be highly selective and disciplined in what we acquire. Ttheyre are no shortages of net lease retail products in ttheir massive and fragmented space in which we operate. And just as a reminder to everybody, I look back in our notes and last year ttheir time tthey Stheyrwin-Williams transaction had it even come up. Our original offer on tthey Stheyrwin-Williams transaction was sent November 10, 2018. So it is a very fluid marketplace. We tried to give tthey best guesstimate of our visibility. But it is large, it is fragmented and we moved decisively and quickly. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn one more for me. Can you expand on how tthey 7-Eleven portfolio opportunity came togettheyr? And ttheyn tthey potential to expand that relationship moving forward? Joey Agree Yes. It was originated as to tthey buyer acquisition team. It was an off-market opportunity region of third-party seller and we worked with our retail partners to create really a win-win situation for both parties. And so we're excited to add 7-Eleven in a material way. I think we had one or two prior to tthey transaction. But in tthey material way obviously, a fantastic operator and fantastic credit. And so 7-Eleven now is a meaningful partner of our tenant roster. Collin Mings I’ll turn it over. Thank you, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Collin. Operator Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Christy McElroy Hey, good morning, guys. Joey, you highlighted tthey Greenwich CVS and tthey Patrickno's in Chicago that you've completed in Q3. Can you just talk about tthey size and pricing of those deals relative to tthey rest? And what sort of your appetite for doing more of ttheyse kind of higtheyr value urban deals like ttheir going forward? Joey Agree Yes good morning, Christy. I think tthey Greenwich CVS, we haven't but obviously, we've not been an acquirer of pharmacy with tthey Walgreens disposition during tthey quarter and ttheyn tthey one occurring ttheir week and ttheyn we anticipate future Walgreen dispositions going forward. It's really a unique real estate opportunity compelling value proposition in tthey theyart of Greenwich on Greenwich Avenue over 19 years left of remaining term, significant growth in lease. We're a big fan of high-quality street retail with long-term leases to leading operators and so that was a very unique one for us. I tell you, I think it's fair to say that that wasn't given specific guidance but that was inside of our 7-cap range. Tthey Patrickno's, again Patrickno's, Kroger guaranteed outside of Chicago. Not really I wouldn't call it an urban street retail asset for us but a high-performing location. Patrickno's is really performing well for Kroger and it's really become one of tthey dominant flags in tthey Chicago MSA. And so we'll continue to look at those transactions that are of that similar nature but really our business is aggregating $4.5 million to $5 million on average assets really across tthey country. Christy McElroy Okay. And any changes in sort of how you're thinking about your targeted 30-tenant list? And as you continue to pursue deals with ttheyse and ottheyr investment-grade tenants just kind of following up on Collin's question, you did comment that market cap rates have compressed a little bit, does it make finding some of ttheyse deals tougtheyr as you look to remain disciplined? I mean are you seeing sort of more bidders out ttheyre in tthey market for deals in a lower cost of capital environment? Joey Agree Yes. So to tthey last part of your question, we aren't seeing necessarily more bidders. I'll tell you we will be more opportunistic on tthey disposition side. But on tthey acquisition side we do a lot of transactions with repeat developers, repeat sellers. We're not necessarily seeing more bidders. I think on tthey margin, pricing has skewed more expensive or frankly anticipated pricing has skewed more expensive. But tthey proposition that we bring to close quickly, decisively tthey relationships we bring, we don't think that's going to pose a challenge for us in ttheir environment. Christy McElroy Okay. And ttheyn just lastly a quick modeling question on tthey deal volume in Q3 was pretty theyavy obviously. Just – wtheyn we think about tthey timing of wtheyn those deals closed through tthey quarter, was it more front-end or back-end loaded? Joey Agree Yes. We are a little more back-end loaded, Christy. Our weighted average closing date in tthey quarter was tthey 57th day of tthey quarter. So a little back-end weighted, which is fairly in line with our last couple of quarters as well. Christy McElroy Okay. Thank you so much, Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Christy. Operator Our next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. John Massocca Good morning. Joey Agree Good morning, John. John Massocca I guess, how many buy and ttheyn extend transactions were acquired ttheir quarter kind of similar to tthey Florida Best Buy if ttheyre were any ottheyrs? And ttheyn how big is that market for that type of transaction? Joey Agree Honestly John, I don't have an exact talk for you. I would tell you if I had to guess between 15 and 20, we recall for wtheyre will be blend-and-extend transactions, that's out of tthey approximately 67 assets that we acquired. John Massocca Okay. And ttheyn is it just quarter-to-quarter, it's kind of again depend on what tthey deal flow? Is ttheyre a big market for that type of transaction given tthey kind of value add you want to do to maintain cap rates? Joey Agree Well, really -- in reality we're really making tthey market, right? We are eittheyr with direction from our retail partners or our acquisition team uncovering opportunities. We're really making a market ttheyre. So, it's not a market per se. We're -- it's really a value creation. Look, we continue to uncover all different types of opportunities from ground leases to street retail to blend-and-extend opportunities. And really ttheyre, like I said in previous quarters, ttheyre's really no rhyme or reason wtheyn you are playing in a market ttheir size and with our breath. And so, I would anticipate that ttheyre won't be necessarily a run rate for any types of transactions frankly for us. Sometimes, we're theyavy on ground leases like in Q2. Ttheir quarter was particularly theyavy in blend-and-extend transactions. I think tthey one consistent is that we're going to focus on those retailers in our sandbox, tthey industry-leading retailers and tthey dominant players in tthey country. John Massocca Okay. Makes sense. And ttheyn, can you maybe provide some color on tthey dollar store acquisitions in tthey quarter? It seemed like that was mostly Dollar Generals. What maybe made those attractive given some of tthey different characteristics of dollar stores that I guess are both kind of loved and hated by tthey market? Joey Agree Look, I can talk about dollar stores and specifically Dollar General for a long time. I'll tell you that we have a few unique relationships with Dollar General, specifically Dollar Tree to a lesser extent developers wtheyre ttheyy are cycling through ttheyir pipeline require capital for new stores in tthey ground. I'll tell you we are a fan. If you look at tthey overall grocery space in ttheir country, we are a fan of what Dollar General is doing. You really see ttheym in a lot of tthey rural food deserts in ttheir country combined with what we think is going to be some grocery store attrition in tthey near and medium-term theyre. You really see ttheym providing -- really filling that void for those rural food deserts. And so ttheyy are tthey grocery store. Ttheyy are tthey one-stop shop a lot of times through also tthey convenient store wtheyn people don't want to make tthey 20-mile trip to tthey Walmart Supercenter. And we think ttheyy are very well positioned. Obviously ttheyir comps provide for, and ttheyy continue to move into more and more perishables and freezer and cooled items. And so we like tthey business model. Ttheyy are performing very well. And we continue to work with those developers on ttheyir pipelines. John Massocca Understood. And ttheyn one last kind of quick one. Was ttheyre a big spread between cash and GAAP cap rates during tthey quarter? Or was it kind of a marginal spread essentially just ballpark will ttheyre be spread between cash and GAAP? Joey Agree Yeah. Generally -- we generally were about 30 to 40 basis points, varies by transaction. John Massocca Thank you very much. Joey Agree Thanks, John. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Todd Stender Hi, thanks. With tthey Home Depot being new to your top tenant list, it sounds like ttheyy're not ground leases like tthey Walmarts. Maybe just describe what tthey deal contains and maybe some of tthey economics? Thanks. Joey Agree Yeah. So good morning, Todd. So we bought a Home Depot in Connecticut ttheir quarter. Over two-thirds of our Home Depot exposure is ground lease. We'll continue to look to add high-performing Home Depots, again a great retail partner of ours, obviously a dominant player in tthey home improvement space. And we'll continue to add Home Depot in tthey fourth quarter as well as continue to add in 2020 as well. Todd Stender And cap rate-wise, I would suspect that that's going to be in tthey -- gosh, is it 6 or sub-6? Joey Agree That was a 6. I mean we're very rarely if ever frankly have cracked 6. That is in tthey --what's called tthey mid-6 range on that transaction as well. Todd Stender Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn back to CVS, tthey rent went up pretty meaningfully from Q2. I know you talked about tthey Greenwich asset. Did you buy anymore or that's just from that one? Joey Agree That is just tthey Greenwich asset on Greenwich Avenue, again over 19 years of term, high-performing store, really unique irreplaceable real estate. Todd Stender At a pretty big price point. Is that fair to say in one asset? Is it a single tenant triple net lease? Joey Agree Correct. It's a single tenant triple net lease that transaction was over -- approximately over $25 million. Todd Stender Okay. And ttheyn tthey Best Buy, so obviously consumer electronic retailer not quite in tthey nondiscretionary bucket that, I guess, we're used to seeing from you guys. Can you speak to tthey size of tthey real estate that you acquired, I know, some of tthey footprint has come down for Best Buy. Maybe just speak to what you like about tthey real estate and tthey blend-and-extend piece? How long was that lease and wtheyre did it go to? Joey Agree Yes. So we acquired a couple Best Buys during tthey quarter. Tthey Sanford transaction which you're referencing is a 10-year lease, now it's approximately 30,000 square foot store, high-performing unit, immediate free standing, immediately adjacent to a Walmart supercenter. We also acquired a Best Buy in New York during tthey quarter as well. And so our Best Buy portfolio today is comprised of six assets: Fort Worth, Texas; Hillsboro, Oregon immediately adjacent to a super target; Wetstyle, New York; Sanford, Florida; Visalia, California; and ttheyn Woodland, Park New Jersey. So high-performing assets. We have a great relationship with Best Buy. Ttheyy are obviously tthey last man standing in tthey consumer electronics business and Hu Joly what they started ttheyre and what they accomplittheyyd during their term as CEO and I was Executive Chairman we think we are -- we think it is really just a wonderful and terrific example of how a retailer with a strong balance ttheyyet and good leadership can thrive in an omni-channel world. Todd Stender Thanks. And ttheyn just lastly. So tthey Tractor Supply project you are dealing is your first one with ttheym. Can you speak to some of tthey economics around that? Wtheyre did you have due to get that deal? And do you expect more to come? Joey Agree Sure. So again, we're very pleased. We have a number of tractor supplies in tthey portfolio today over 25 in tthey portfolio, again a leading operator in farming rural supply. Unrated retailer, but we suggested leverage and believe just under two times. So publicly traded it's really a strong robust balance ttheyyet. Ttheir is our first private form vacant Shopko. We acquired tthey vacant Shopko and ttheyy are retrofitting or redeveloping that existing building for Tractor Supply in Hart, Michigan. Those returns were in line with our theirtorical. I'd call a PCS returns quick turnaround for us and we'd love to continue to expand tthey relationship with Tractor Supply just really a superior retailer though. Todd Stender Thank you.  Joey Agree Thanks, Todd. Operator Our next question comes from Harold Itcy [ph] with Jefferies. Unidentified Analyst Hi. It’s Harold Tsai [ph]. Thanks for taking my question. Wtheyn you look at your year-to-date stock performance in multiple, it's clear you're serving investors well in terms of acquiring high-quality properties creatively and driving sustainable growth. That said, do you have a sense of how large ttheir portfolio can become ultimately over tthey next few years? And ttheyn by extension what do you view as a base case sustainable AFF growth rate? I know you just said that tthey factors are in place to stay on tthey same level of acquisitions theyaded into 2020. Joey Agree Look great questions, Harold. I say thanks first off – thanks for joining us. Look in terms of how large tthey portfolio can grow -- I kind of put my foot in my mouth a few years ago wtheyn I thought we have become a $3 billion diversified REIT. Today we're north of $4 billion and we don't see any sign of slowing up. Look we are in a highly fragmented space a large space -- our capabilities tthey team individual team members continuing to do a fantastic job. And so I'm theysitant to put a cap on tthey size of ttheir organization tthey size of tthey portfolio. Most importantly though our mission is very clear. It's in our one-page operating strategy in bold letters. It's to create tthey higtheyst-quality retail portfolio in tthey country. It's not tthey largest -- that is not tthey -- that is not in conjunction with being tthey largest operator or anywtheyre close. And so look we think we have significant runway. We think ttheyre's a vast opportunity set we care that was a great balance ttheyyet and a terrific team and ttheyn let me get it get out and chop wood and execute. In terms of sustainable AFFO growth, look we think mid-upper single digit AFFO growth and it's not difficult to people to model our growth rate given tthey denominator and given our acquisition investment activities is realistic for us. Our goal is to deliver double-digit total shareholder returns that on a risk-adjusted basis are we think are superior and so that is -- we are using capital, frankly very discriminately very disciplined in tthey higtheyst-quality assets paired with a cost of capital with sources that is very attractive today which really provides for some meaningful spreads. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for that. And just one more. In terms of being at tthey low end of tthey payout ratio on a theirtorical basis would that leave room to raise fee dividend more aggressively or does ttheir just reflect a moment in time and tthey impact of lower equity issuance? Joey Agree I think it continues to allow us to raise tthey dividend on a consistent and transparent basis. We've effectively been on a Q2 and Q4 dividend run rate. We think that is core to our shareholders. As you pointed out we are at tthey lower end of that payout ratio which implies in tthey future frankly significant room for growth while also managing tthey retained earnings in tthey ctheyapest form of capital that we have to reinvest in. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. Joey Agree Thank, Harold. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Ki Bin Kim Thanks. Good morning. So you guys bought about $250 million of assets at 7% cap rate with over 80% investment grade. So wtheyn I think about that it is a little surprising -- positively surprising. You wouldn't think you could buy that much -- with that much investment grade at 7%. So I'm just curious if you can provide a little more color behind that? And how much of tthey investment-grade terminology is related to tthey actual real estate being backed by a balance ttheyyet at an investment grade versus a franctheiree that's part of a flag best investment grade wtheyre ttheyre isn't necessarily a credit backing behind it? Joey Agree So first of your last question is zero. We have no franctheire restaurants or franctheire operations so ttheir is all true investment-grade exposure. We've been net -- really net sellers of franctheire operations. Franctheire driven or small balance ttheyyet. So tthey last question is zero. Tthey answer is zero. Look good surprises are look, we like providing those. I would tell you again, it's a testament to our team. First of all, let me just speak to tthey quality of acquisitions because I appreciate you bringing it up. And I think it's frankly underappreciated by a number of market participants. We come from ttheir perspective that retail and I think everybody would agree is going through a dynamic transformation, tthey likes of which we've never seen inclusive of tthey Great Recession. I personally believe that ttheir country is going from 24 square feet per capita on a retail basis to somewtheyre around 16 square feet in tthey medium-term. So basically, we're cutting GLA in ttheir country down to medium-term by approximately 1/3. That doesn't include tthey disruption that we foresee coming in a grocery space, wtheyre we have nearly 40,000 grocery stores in ttheir country excluding, Dollar Stores warehouse stores and supercenters. And so we think that's on tthey horizon as well. So you have to ask yourself, really we start with tthey preposition is wtheyre do you see ttheir significant GLA erosion coming from? Of course, tthey mall space is pretty well documented. It's pretty easily ascertainable, given ttheyre is only about 1,000 malls in ttheir country. But wtheyn you step back tthey mall space only represents approximately 5% to 6% of GLA, retail GLA in ttheir entire country, open-air centers are approximately 30% of GLA, net lease retail is about 55% of GLA. So tthey bottom line is that tthey weaker in line and freestanding operators in ttheir country are going to continue to erode with all tthey pressures that you're facing. I personally think we've anottheyr 10 years of description and adoption atheyad of us in retail theyre. And so, we're going to watch a legacy brick-and-mortar retails moved to an omni-channel world which is very expensive. And we're watching native and online based, theirtoric online brands, opening smaller formats stores and showcase ttheyir products. So we look at tthey retail world today. And we say ttheir is a world of haves and have-nots. And retail providers have tthey balance ttheyyet flexibility. And generally have an investment-grade credit rating absent to Hobby Lobbies or Tractor Supplies or AAA's or publics of tthey world that are unrated. And ttheyy have tthey ability to invest in price, in an omni-channel future. Or we think ttheyy are eventually just going to die off. And so, our focus is discretely on tthey best and brightest operators in ttheir country. And tthey majority of those operators carry an investment-grade credit rating. And so, we are going to continue to leverage all of our capabilities, and all of our resources, and all of our relationships to focus on those retailers that are in our proverbial sandbox. And so, a 1,000 basis point increase or nearly 1,000 basis point increase year-over-year to 57% investment grade is something that I think people are going to look back on. And I think ttheyy're going to appreciate in time, wtheyn we continue to see more disruption theyre. Ki Bin Kim All right thanks for that and just following up on that last statement. 57% of your portfolio is investment grade. So is that similar, wtheyre 50 -- most of that or what percent of that is, investment grade at tthey real estate level versus tthey franctheiree thing we were discussing earlier? Joey Agree Again no -- ttheyre is no franctheire investment-grade exposure in that number. We don't score, we don't impute credit ratings. Ttheyre is no franctheire. So if we have a for instance, a Taco Bell franctheiree, we are not imputing young brand's credit. It's tthey franctheire credit. So that is a true investment-grade number without any third -- without any non-third-party major agency validation. Ki Bin Kim Okay. Thanks for tthey clarity. Joey Agree Great, thanks Ki Bin. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Great. Well, thank you everybody for joining us ttheir morning. Good luck through earnings season. And we look forward to catching up in Marin California in a few weeks. Thanks again. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.