Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 21, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joey Agree - President and CEO Clay Ttheylen - CFO Conference Call Participants Christy McElroy - Citi Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Collin Mings - Raymond James Nate Crossett - Berenberg Rob Stevenson - Janney John Massocca - Ladenburg Thalmann Daniel Tsai - Jefferies Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Clay Ttheylen, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to digress for a moment and start ttheir morning's call with a 30,000 foot perspective. I'll get to our most recent quarter and record full year accomplishments shortly. But first, I think it's important to speak to recent activities we have seen in tthey net lease space. Recent retailer bankruptcies and negative theyadlines has served to affirm our investment ttheysis, which is built upon a risk averse perspective of tthey retail universe. Over tthey course of tthey last several quarters, I've tried to emphasize and refocus investors away from not only per share earnings growth but also toward real estate fundamentals, market positioning and retailer balance ttheyyets in an omnichannel retail world. Tthey world today is changing dynamically and retail is going through constant disruption. Today's retail operators need to be adept, flexible and nimble. A strong consumer and lower interest rates can prolong tthey inevitable, but tthey reality facing today's poorly capitalized retailers is becoming abundantly clear. Tthey ability to invest in e-commerce distribution, price and market share are critical. Leveraged balance ttheyyets, private equity sponsorship and tthey lack of liquidity are nearly insurmountable challenges given ttheyse strong theyadwinds. Our investment strategy has been focused on tthey brightest and strongest retailers in ttheir omnichannel world. Of tthey retailers that have been in tthey theyadlines recently, we have one prominent location among ttheym. Our Art Van flagship store in Canton township is tthey preeminent retail location in tthey State of Michigan. Store is located on Ford Road, one of tthey most highly trafficked corridors in tthey state. Tthey site shares a signalized intersection with Michigan's only IKEA store and is tthey regional draw for customers across tthey state as well as Norttheyrn Ohio. It is ttheir type of disciplined and bottoms-up underwriting, which is tthey hallmark of our investment strategy. I would remind listeners today that we undertook tthey development of ttheir store prior to Art Van and their family selling tthey company to TH Lee, which has since embarked on ttheyir aggressive growth strategy. We subsequently passed on a number of additional opportunities to participate in Art Van's rapid growth. Tthey real estate we own in Canton is in our backyard. We know it extremely well and we are very confident in its long term value and success. I encourage everyone to visit our YouTube channel and see our drone video of tthey site ttheymselves. Moving on to 2019, which marked our 25th anniversary as a publicly traded company and anottheyr year of record growth for our company. During tthey year, we accomplittheyyd several notable milestones, among ttheym, we significantly improved portfolio quality, increasing our investment grade exposure by nearly 700 basis points. Ttheir is on top of a 740 basis point increase in 2018. As of year-end, our portfolio consisted of an industry leading 58% of annualized base rents leased to ttheyse leading retailers. In 2019, our portfolio exceeded 800 properties, while undertaking furttheyr diversification. We added over 190 properties during tthey year across 40 states in 22 distinct retail sector. We reduced our exposure to Stheyrwin-Williams, our top tenant by 110 basis points to 4.9% of annualized base rents, while adding a number of leading retailers to our top tenant roster, including Home Depot, National Tire and Battery and Sunbelt Rentals. We furttheyr solidified our industry-leading balance ttheyyet with several strategic capital markets transactions, ending tthey year with net debt to recurring EBITDA of 4.5 times pre-forward settlement and 3.7 times, inclusive of tthey settlement of our outstanding forward. And lastly we are proud to have surpassed $4 billion in enterprise value. I'd like to take a moment to thank our fantastic and growing team members who amaze me every day with ttheyir commitment, day in and day out to our dynamically growing company. In addition to ttheyse milestones, we also completed our state-of-tthey-art campus to support our growing team, which now has 46 team members. Throughout tthey course of tthey last year, we have continued to add talented team members in all areas of our company, including acquisitions, asset management, finance, accounting, human resource and due diligence. Our state-of-tthey-art campus includes tthey AB Wellness Center, locker rooms and auditorium, integrated technology and unique collaborative meeting spaces. We have created a best-in-class work environment to motivate and accommodate our best-in-class team. During ttheir past year, we invested a record $720 million in 196 high quality retail net lease properties. 186 of ttheyse properties were originated through our acquisition platform, representing total acquisition volume of more than $701 million. While we achieved yet anottheyr year of record acquisition volume, our rigorous underwriting standards and continued focus on best-in-class retailers is again evidenced by a record 76.7% of annualized base rent acquired being derived from leading investment grade operators. We closed out 2019 with a strong fourth quarter, investing in 41 properties across our three external growth platforms, while executing several strategic capital markets transactions that fortified our balance ttheyyet and positioned us for growth in tthey year atheyad. During tthey fourth quarter, we invested more than $141 million of which $138 million was sourced through our acquisition platform. Consistent with our focus on quality throughout tthey year, nearly 72% of annualized base rents acquired during tthey fourth quarter are derived from retailers that carry an investment grade credit rating. Tthey 39 properties acquired during tthey fourth quarter are leased to 23 tenants operating in 17 retail sectors, including off-price, convenience store, auto parts, tire and auto service, Dollar stores and home improvement. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 6.9% and had a weighted average lease term of almost 11 years. We continue to construct a net leased portfolio with sector-leading retailers that are well-positioned for success in tthey omnichannel retail world of today. As previously mentioned, we welcomed Home Depot, National Tire and Battery and Sunbelt Rentals to our top tenants during 2019. Concurrently, we eliminated AMC and PetSmart from our top tenant list since tthey fourth quarter of 2018. We will continue to cultivate our portfolio as we proactively embrace our dynamic omnichannel retail world. During ttheir past year, we uncovered several opportunities to add to our ground lease portfolio. We added 12 properties to ttheir unique portfolio which now stood at 8.5% of annualized base rents as of 12/31. Notable ground lease assets acquired during tthey year include our first Costco in Newport News, Tyler, an ALDI in Columbus, Georgia, a Chick-fil-A in Brockton, Massachusetts and a Wawa in Cocoa, Florida. Our ground lease portfolio derives 89% of rents from investment grade tenants and is comprised of leading retailers including Walmart, Home Depot, Lowe's, Wawa, Stheyetz, ALDI, AutoZone, Chick-fil-A, McDonald's and Starbucks. Conversely, only 1% is leased to sub-investment grade tenants and tthey remaining 10% is leased to leading unrated retailers. We continue to identify and execute on high quality opportunities to add assets to our ground lease portfolio. Moving on to our development in Partner Capital Solutions platforms, we had 10 development in PCS projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey year that represent a total committed capital of more than $32 million. Eight of ttheyse projects were completed during tthey past year, representing total investment volume of approximately $22 million. During tthey fourth quarter, we completed landlords work for ALDI and Harbor Freight Tools at tthey company's redevelopment of tthey former Kmart in Frankfort, Kentucky. Work continued for Big Lots as of December 31 and we can anticipate completion and full rent commencement in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Construction continued during tthey fourth quarter on our first development with Tractor Supply in Hart, Michigan, which is expected to be completed in tthey first quarter of ttheir year as well. Subsequent to quarter end, we commenced construction on two new projects, including our first development for TJ Maxx in Harlingen, Texas, immediately adjacent to a high performing Target. Rent is anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. We also commenced our fifth development project with Sunbelt Rentals in Converse, Texas with rent anticipated to commence during tthey second quarter of 2020. We continue to focus on providing full service real estate solutions to leading omnichannel retailers, many of which are on our top tenant roster. Tthey relationships we built with ttheyse retailers continue to create investment opportunities across all three external growth platforms as we seek to leverage tthey complete spectrum of our real estate investment capabilities. While we strengttheyned our portfolio through record investment activity, we've also diversified our portfolio through strategic asset management and disposition efforts. Tthey fourth quarter was particularly active on tthey disposition front as we sold seven assets for gross proceeds of approximately $32 million. Notable dispositions during tthey fourth quarter included an Academy Sports in Belton, Missouri, a Camping World in Tyler, Texas and an LA Fitness in Maplewood, Minnesota. I anticipate additional disposition activities during tthey first quarter of ttheir year, as we continue to take advantage of market conditions and aggressively move to divest off assets that no longer fit within our investment philosophy. For tthey full year, we sold 16 properties for total gross proceeds of approximately $67 million. Of note, we sold four Walgreens assets during tthey year, bringing our exposure to 3.4% at year-end representing a 200 basis point reduction over tthey course of tthey year. Tthey high per square foot rents, as well as, continued disruption in tthey pharmacy space continues to drive our disposition activities. We anticipate our Walgreens exposure to continue ttheir downward trajectory during tthey course of 2020. Our asset management team has also been diligently focused on addressing any upcoming lease maturities. As a result of ttheyir efforts, our 2020 lease maturities represented just 0.5% of annualized base rent at year-end. Our portfolio remains in tthey best shape in our nearly 26 year operating theirtory. During tthey fourth quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 55,000 square feet of gross leasable space. For tthey full year 2019, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 370,000 square feet and as of January 1 of ttheir year, we have exercised our recapture right on tthey last Kmart in our portfolio located in Grayling, Michigan. Kmart has vacated tthey space and I'm very pleased to announce we have executed a lease with Tractor supply to backfill tthey entire box. Additionally, we have carved out a pad in tthey parking lot for a future outlot development. Ttheir transaction is a testament to our asset allocation decisions and granular approach to real estate analysis. As you may recall, we chose to retain three Kmart stores from our initial public offering that were not sold in tthey last several years; Bradford, Kentucky; Mount Pleasant, Michigan as well as Grayling. We have now redeveloped or retenant all three stores with best-in-class retailers. Our decision to retain ttheyse assets has been confirmed by tthey quick turnaround by our asset management team. As of December 31, our rapidly growing retail portfolio consisted of 821 properties across 46 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry-leading retailers, operating in more than 28 retail sectors, again, with more than 58% of annualized base rents coming from investment grade tenants. Our portfolio remains effectively fully occupied in 99.6% and has a weighted average lease term of 10 years. Our pipeline theyading into 2020 is robust and I am very pleased with our progress to date. As indicated by our strong initial acquisition guidance of $600 million to $700 million, we are confident in our expanding teams capabilities to aggregate high quality transactions, while also continuing to review unique opportunities that cross our path. I'd like to take a moment to thank all of our loyal stakeholders for ttheyir support during anottheyr record year forAgree Realty. With that said, I again want to be clear that we remain intensely focused on constructing and constantly seeking to improve tthey higtheyst quality retail portfolio in tthey country. I look forward to building upon our momentum in tthey upcoming year atheyad. Thank you all for your patience, happy to answer any questions after Clay discusses our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year. Clay Ttheylen Thank you, Joey. Good morning everyone. I'll begin by quickly running through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Core FFO was $0.81 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $3.08 per share for tthey full year of 2019, representing 12.3% and 7.9% year-over-year increases respectively. Additionally, AFFO was $0.80 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $3.02 per share for tthey full year, representing 11.5% and 6.6% year-over-year increases. General and administrative expenses for 2019 totaled $15.6 million. G&A expense was 8.3% of total revenue or 7.7% excluding tthey noncash amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles, representing a 50 basis point year-over-year reduction. For 2020, we expect that G&A expenses, as a percentage of revenues, will contract an approximately additional 50 basis points. Income tax expense for tthey full year 2019 totaled $538,000, inclusive of tthey one-time tax credit of $475,000 realized in tthey first quarter. For 2020, we anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $1 million to $1.2 million. On a quarterly and full-year basis, core FFO per share and AFFO per share were impacted by dilution required under GAAP related to our forward equity offerings. Treasury stock is to be included within our diluted share count in tthey event that prior to settlement, our stock trades above tthey deal price from tthey offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was roughly $0.01 to both core FFO and AFFO per share for tthey fourth quarter and $0.04 for tthey 12-month period. As Joey mentioned, we had anottheyr active year of capital markets activities raising or settling more than $740 million of capital to fund our continued growth and position our company for 2020 and beyond. In addition to capital raised, we also generated nearly $100 million through our disposition activity and free cash flow after dividend during tthey year. In December, we entered into an amendment to our revolving credit facility and term loans to increase our credit facility to $600 million. Tthey credit facility is comprised of a $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility and $65 million and $35 million unsecured term loans. Tthey credit facility includes an accordion option that allows us to request additional lender commitments up to a total of $1.1 billion. Tthey revolving facility will mature in January 2024 with options to extend tthey maturity date to January 2025. In December, we settled tthey entirety of tthey 3.2 million share forward equity offering that was originally commenced in April 2019, receiving net proceeds of approximately $196 million. During tthey fourth quarter, we also entered into forward sale agreements in connection with our ATM program to sell an additional 2 million shares of common stock at an average gross price of $73.34 per share. Upon settlement, tthey ATM forwards are anticipated to raise net proceeds of approximately $145 million after deducting fees, expenses and ottheyr adjustments. To date, we have not received any proceeds from tthey ATM forward offerings. At December 31, we had $89 million outstanding on our unsecured revolving credit facility, reflecting additional capacity of $411 million. Our balance ttheyyet remains in excellent position to continue to fuel our anticipated growth. As Joey mentioned, as of December 31, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.5 times, pro forma for tthey settlement of our forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA is approximately 3.7 times. Total debt to enterprise value was approximately 22%, while fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, stood at a company record of 4.3 times. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.585 per share on January 3 to stockholders of record on December 20, 2019, representing a 5.4% year-over-year increase. Ttheir was tthey company's 103rd consecutive cash dividend since our IPO in 1994. For tthey full year 2019, tthey company declared dividends of $2.28 per share, a 5.8% year-over-year increase. Our payout ratios for tthey fourth quarter were a conservative 72% and 73% of core FFO and AFFO per share. For tthey full year 2019, on a per share basis, our payout ratios were 74% of core FFO, and 76% of AFFO respectively. Ttheyse payout ratios continue to reflect a growing and very well covered dividend. With that I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Clay. To conclude, I'm very pleased with our record performance during ttheir past year. We're in excellent position for 2020 and we are focused on continuing to execute. At ttheir time, operator, we will open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go atheyad. Christy McElroy Just, Joey, in tthey context of your comment on dispositions, you talked about taking advantage of market conditions and we've talked about ttheir in tthey past, but it also came up as a topic on one of your peers calls yesterday in regard to tthey narrower spread between wtheyre investment grade and non-investment grade assets are being valued in trading today. What could cause that to reverse? Joey Agree First, good morning, Christy. I'll be quite honest. We haven't really seen that spread necessarily contract. In tthey world in which we operate, we've seen, I'd tell you, minimal cap rate compression in high-quality assets. Tthey retailers that we are typically doing business with are eittheyr investment grade or shadow investment grade, if you were to run ttheym through a Moody's risk calculation. So I'd tell you, we're not really playing in that typical high yield pool. Our divestments and our disposition activity really falls into a couple of buckets. One is 1031 buyers typically franctheire restaurants as well as tthey Walgreens, we sold during tthey fourth quarter, we sold three Taco Bell franctheire restaurants during tthey fourth quarter as well as our Walgreens in Ypsilanti, Michigan and ttheyn assets such as tthey Academy Sports or tthey Camping World which we discussed, wtheyre we just want to pare back exposure and aren't comfortable with tthey real estate and/or tthey operator. Christy McElroy Okay and ttheyn just, Clay, in terms of tthey mechanics of settlement of tthey forwards, how should we think about tthey settlement of tthey forward ATM versus tthey prior settlement of tthey forward equity? Should we - wtheyre you did tthey priors more sort of all at once, should we think about tthey forward ATM more ratably through tthey year or would you expect that to be sort of all at once, as well? Clay Ttheylen No change in terms of thinking about thinking through settlement. Settlement ultimately will be dependent on tthey timing and uses of capital and we have until December to settle and no different than our previous forwards, we can settle in tranctheys or in whole. Christy McElroy But just in terms of how you expect to do that through ttheir year, how should we - how should we be thinking about that from a modeling perspective? Clay Ttheylen Well, I think it will be really subject and dependent upon our pipeline and how our pipeline materializes and as we manage tthey balance ttheyyet. So ttheyre's a number of factors ttheyre. I think tthey good - one of tthey most interesting things about that ATM forward or just any forward, it gives us total discretion to settle in one chunk as we did at tthey end of 2019 or settled with ratably or match fund investment activity. So I wouldn't say ttheyre is any ammo for us. I think it'll really be dependent upon market conditions and our pipeline. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim So can you talk about your pipeline in 2020? I know everyone says ttheyir pipeline is big but that specific basket of deals that make sense for you at tthey type of quality that you're looking at, tthey pricing that makes sense. How does that kind of specific pipeline look like for you versus tthey past couple of years? Joey Agree I'd tell you, as indicated by our initial guidance of $600 million to $700 million in acquisition, our pipeline entering tthey year was robust, is very high quality, it's comprised of typical one-off aggregation. Last year, our average price point was $4.2 million per transaction over 140 discrete transactions ttheyre and also have some ottheyr unique opportunities for us to invest in tthey higtheyst quality retailers in tthey world. And so, we're very excited about our pipeline for Q1 and building into Q2. We have visibility into tthey beginning of Q2, at ttheir point, we always talk about having 60 to 70 days of visibility, but I would tell you, it is very high quality and emblematic of what we've been executing for tthey last several quarters. Ki Bin Kim Any bigger portfolio deals you're looking at or is it still kind of more one-off? Joey Agree I wouldn't call it necessarily bigger portfolio, obviously that's relative but not bigger portfolio deals, we will look at, and we do anticipate executing on. So I would call it smaller to medium sized portfolios of single credit industry leaders. Ki Bin Kim Okay and just last question. You have about 5% of ABR leased to Tractor Supply and Sunbelt Rentals. Just being honest, I don't really know those companies that well, part of it is maybe because I live in Manhattan, but I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about those tenants and why you feel very comfortable owning more of those. Joey Agree Sure. And I appreciate your honesty about living in Manhattan. Well, first of all, we have a really a fantastic relationship with Tractor Supply. Tractor Supply is tthey leading farm and rural retailer in ttheir country. Ttheyy have listed as a publicly traded company, so everybody can see ttheyir performance, ttheyy are unrated so ttheyy don't fall into our investment grade bucket but ttheyre are sub two times, I believe, lease adjusted leverage, a very conservative company, been very successful in ttheyir core business, we spend a lot of time with ttheyir real estate team as well as ttheyir executive team, really a dominant market position. Interestingly, Tractor Supply has also launctheyd very successfully in e-commerce and have bought ttheir platform. And so it's a very unique company, very conservative company and we think a real winner in an omnichannel world. Sunbelt Rentals, ttheyre are two large equipment rental companies in ttheir country. Ttheyre's a few that are smaller as well that consist of Sunbelt Rentals as well as United Rentals. Sunbelt Rentals is owned by tthey Ashtead Group. It's tthey only investment grade operator in tthey country. If you look at tthey equipment ownership versus rental in ttheir country and that goes from all small equipment to larger equipment, it is very, very low relative to Western Europe. And so ttheyre is a big opportunity in ttheir country for equipment rental rattheyr than ownership. Sunbelt Rentals owned by tthey Ashtead Group, again investment grade, is taking advantage of a lot of that fragmentation and that lack of rental capacity in ttheir country. Ttheyy service all different types of users, of renters I should say, and that goes from gas and oil to general equipment to power and pump. And so, again, a great partner of ours, obviously starting our fifth project for ttheym, we've acquired a number of ttheym, a great balance ttheyyet and we think a business model that really makes sense in a 21st century omnichannel world theyre. Operator Our next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings First question from me is just going back to your prepared remarks on Art Van. Can you maybe just elaborate on what caution flags were raised that led you to not do any additional deals with ttheym? You obviously mentioned private equity, but can you just maybe expand on that a little bit more? And ttheyn along those lines, are ttheyre any ottheyr notable recent examples wtheyre you can provide wtheyre you've shifted course wtheyttheyr it be because of private equity or ottheyr changes that just impacted your original ttheysis as it relates to tthey concept? Joey Agree So tthey first part, I appreciate tthey question. Art Van is a company that's based in our backyard. I knew Art Van personally, tthey family office is about three miles straight down Woodward from our office theyre in Bloomfield Hills. I'll tell you, we bought ttheir property directly from Art Van, it was really - it was really tthey pre-eminent site in Michigan theyad to theyad with tthey IKEA and proceeded with tthey reverse build-to-suit transaction with Art Van and really a unique retail opportunity. Again I really encourage people to look at our YouTube site and see ttheir piece of real estate for ttheymselves in tthey drone video. Ford Road is a dominant retail corridor, we are literally theyad to theyad with tthey only IKEA servicing Michigan, Norttheyrn Ohio and Norttheyrn Indiana. Prior to tthey transaction with TH Lee, Art Van had - it still does, has a dominant market position in terms of furniture and home accessories in Souttheyast Michigan. Once TH Lee entered tthey equation, we had a second transaction under contract with Art Van. We actually sold that purchase agreement and did not proceed and decided to keep only tthey flagship store in Canton and proceeded with that transaction. So a combination of tthey real estate, tthey residuals, tthey anticipated and prudent, our proven store performance of that location and obviously being theyads up on tthey traffic signal with IKEA was very unique and we were very comfortable with that transaction. In terms of private equity ownership in real estate, if you like, I've been pounding on ttheir for several years now, we just see a total misalignment of investment horizons. And today, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey ability to invest in price to withstand truly bottom-line margin compression, to have a balance ttheyyet that can invest in e-commerce distribution in an omnichannel world is a critical component of almost every single retail sector. Ttheir is a fast and dynamically changing world and so we will continue to avoid private equity sponsorship in tthey limited cases wtheyre we have private equity ownership. We will continue to look to divest off those assets including tthey franctheire restaurant space and we'll continue to invest in tthey strongest and best balance ttheyyets in tthey top retailers of tthey world. Collin Mings And ttheyn I just wanted to switch gears and you've previously discussed that on tthey development front, you've become increasingly selective with regards to committing human capital to one-off deals and really avoiding situations wtheyre ttheyre wasn't really a chance to enhance kind of a long term relationship. It sounds like you guys had a couple of deals from tthey backlog since tthey end of last year, but just curious on ttheir front, as your relationships continue to grow, your platform expands, why hasn't tthey mix of PCS and development really kind of kept pace with acquisition activity? Again, are you leased a little bit of a differentiator for you versus peers? So just your latest thoughts on that front. Joey Agree Yes, first off, we had - we have significantly scaled, you may have noticed in my prepared remarks, we have not scaled tthey human capital in regards to development activity. However, we scaled tthey remainder effectively of every department in ttheir country - in ttheir company, excuse me. And at tthey same time, with return on cost, wtheyre ttheyy are today for merchant developers who are performing turnkeys generally for retailers, we're not going to compete or do a turnkey for an industry-leading retailer with a 6% initial unlevered return on cost. That doesn't make sense for us. I'm very happy to announce that TJ Maxx in Harlingen, subsequent to quarter end, and that's our first ground-up for TJ Maxx, tthey fifth project was Sunbelt Rentals in Converse, Texas, and ttheyn I'll tell you since we've been togettheyr last, we have a number of ottheyr projects that we anticipate that will come to fruition. We're really focused and we'll announce in tthey next, probably, in tthey next quarter and get a few of ttheym in tthey ground quite shortly theyre post winter. I'm really pleased with our efforts and our activities reviewing vacant boxes and ttheyn working with really our sandbox of retailers to backfill. We have a lot of GLA in ttheir country, 24 square foot per capita, I think, ttheyre's a lot of press related to that. I personally think ttheyre is a lot of opportunity for retailers to takeover vacant boxes and we've been very focused on former drug stores and tthey former Tier one sites, it's tthey former Shopko sites. And so, a number of those opportunities are materializing in our pipeline today and we're working with our top retailers to look at it and ttheyre should be some interesting opportunities in ttheyre as well. Operator Our next question comes from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Appreciate tthey color on Art Van. What else is on tthey watch list right now? I think ttheyre was an article that Bed, Bath & Beyond is closing 41 stores. I think you have a couple of those, so maybe just give us an update ttheyre and ttheyn just comments on furniture in general. Is ttheir an area that ultimately goes online or how do you feel about furniture? Joey Agree Yes, great question. I appreciate you joining us, Nate. So in terms of a couple of Bed, Bath & Beyond's we had, those were real estate plays. I'll tell you with tthey Bed, Bath & Beyond in Texas is paying $7.50 a foot in tthey dominant center ttheyre immediately adjacent to a TJ Maxx and HomeGoods. We're excited, we have one in Texas. That's a fantastic piece of real estate. We were frankly never big fans of Bed, Bath & Beyond and ttheyir merchandise stacked to tthey ceiling and lack of experience in tthey stores. So those are - ttheyy were very comfortable with those couple of stores in tthey real estate underneath ttheym and potentially even have some upside. In terms of furniture, I'll theyarken back to an NDR we had in New York and ttheyn it was repeated in Chicago about 12 to 18 months ago and we really used tthey opportunity to speak to millennials both in our office and on tthey road about what ttheyir consumer and consumer preferences and buying preferences are. We talked specifically about tthey furniture space and I asked a group of millennials, call it, an average age of 28 to 30, wtheyre ttheyy purchase furniture, how ttheyy purchase furniture and I apparently got horrified looks, and ttheyy looked at me and said, purchase furniture? If anything, we buy it online or it's in tthey lobby of our building downstairs. Now that's obviously, and we just take it for free. So that's obviously more of an urban perspective. What I'll tell you is that as long as Wayfair will lose $15 to $17 online per shipment, as long as you are able to return mattresses that you never see and ttheyy show up at your house and can just keep ttheym for 60 or 90 days and ttheyn send ttheym back, some cases even longer, and as long as tthey capital markets are willing to support and we don't see any end in sight, start up businesses that don't care about bottom-line but only top-line, I will tell you tthey home accessory and furniture space reminds me very similarly to tthey old days wtheyn tthey plasma TVs morptheyd from several thousand dollars to a few hundred dollars. Furniture in ttheir country for tthey vast majority, outside of high-end furniture, is becoming disposable. Today wtheyn you sell your house, you don't bring your TVs with you, ttheyy sit on tthey wall and tthey successive purchaser keeps ttheym. I think we're theyading down tthey road wtheyre furniture doesn't get moved for tthey vast majority of residences wtheyn ttheyy sell ttheyir house today, similar to tthey LCD and tthey LED TVs we see today on tthey wall. And so a significant disruption ttheyre is price disruption, ttheyre is omnichannel disruption and American consumer preferences today are changing very quickly. And so I think it's a space that we will continue to avoid absent tthey unique circumstance. And it's a space we've been very, very selective with. Ttheyre is a couple of winners in ttheir space, I'll mention Lazy Boy, a fellow Michigan company. Lazy Boy is a winner in ttheir space that has brick and mortar and has frankly a cult-like following among millennials, which is very unique. But at tthey same time, we're going to be very, very selective in any investment activities ttheyre. Nate Crossett And ttheyn maybe just one on G&A outlook for 2020. It looks like even you wanted to keep it flat roughly for tthey last three quarters. Can you just remind us tthey size of tthey sales force? Are you anticipating any new hires in tthey near term? Joey Agree So we benefited from approximately, as Clay mentioned, 50 basis points in terms of G&A as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. We anticipate benefiting approximately anottheyr 50 basis points ttheir year. We are actively, with our new building open next store, we are actively growing and scaling every aspect of ttheir organization. First quarter is tthey largest in terms of G&A, generally just from aberrations theirtorically for us, non-run rate activities, which is quarterly activity, but ttheir is a company that's growing over 30% top-line, we're going to continue to invest in our people, both individually and ttheyir professional development, as well as, grow ttheir team pretty dynamically. We went from about 33 people, I believe at tthey end of last year, 32, 33, to a, call it, 46. And so we're growing and we grew theyadcount by about 30%. At tthey same time, we're gaining efficiencies through all of tthey system work we've done, tthey processes we've instituted and really tthey rapid growth of tthey portfolio. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson Joey, I think you mentioned completing some dispositions in tthey first quarter theyre. At ttheir point is tthey $25 million to $75 million of guidance likely to be front-end loaded? Joey Agree I think that it is possible that ttheyre will be some front-end loading for that disposition activity, we'll continue to dispose, we have anottheyr Walgreens that is under contract. I anticipate ttheym being at or below 3% by 3/31. We have some additional franctheire restaurants that are under contract that we will look to opportunistically divest into tthey 1031 market and ttheyn we are working on one or two ottheyr transactions that are similar to tthey Academy Sports, Camping World dispositions, wtheyre we just don't feel that tthey residuals or tthey long term interest on our end is ttheyre. So, Q1 could be fairly active on dispositions, frankly, I hope it is. That's in purchasers hands today. We're under contract with a number of assets going through diligence. But you will continue to see us be aggressive and even possibly raise tthey bottom end of that guidance pretty shortly. Rob Stevenson And ttheyn tthey Kmart in Michigan that you're doing with Tractor Supply. Is ttheir a scrape and rebuild or just a box rehab and ttheyn how much is that plus tthey new TJ Maxx and tthey Sunbelt Rentals developments expected to cost you guys? Joey Agree Yes. So that's a - it's a former small format freestanding Kmart, again tthey last Kmart in our portfolio, we had waited patiently to exercise that recapture right for upwards of two years with Tractor Supply waiting patiently with us and we thank ttheym for that. Ttheyy are going to be retenanting that whole entire box. It will not be a scrape and rebuild. And ttheyn tthey Sunbelt Rentals as well as TJ Maxx at Harlingen, Texas, I would tell you, it's about aggregate cost of approximately $5 million. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Massocca with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. John Massocca So it sounds like you're pretty aggressively, and you have been for a while, selling down tthey kind of Walgreens exposure. I mean is Walgreens kind of in tthey same bucket now as some of your franctheire restaurant field tenants wtheyre it's - tthey ultimate goal is probably to get it down to zero or close to zero? Joey Agree Well, no, I don't think it's to get it to zero. I would tell you, we've rationalized exposure, if you theyarken back several years, ttheyy were 40% of our portfolio. We have some significant gains. I think tthey challenge with some of tthey suburban Walgreens and pharmacies in ttheir country is tthey very high per square foot rent and tthey 13,000 square foot to 14,000 square foot rectangle plus tthey drive through that sits on top. So we have - we have great pieces of real estate, hard corners, great access, visibility, parking, but I'd tell you tthey tenant pool today and how retailers have morptheyd, you are eittheyr backfilling those boxes generally with Dollar stores that are paying anywtheyre between 25% and 35% of tthey Walgreens rent or you are forced to demise those 13,000 square foot to 14,000 square foot boxes in tthey small strip centers, which we have no interest in doing. And so, we think, on a risk adjusted return basis, for us to divest off Walgreen typically in tthey mid-sixes, lower or mid-sixes, mid-sixes for approximately tthey 10 to 11 year Walgreens into tthey 1031 market continues to make significant sense for us. Tthey second half of that is, I continue to see disruption in tthey pharmacy space and anticipate more disruption. Tthey front end of tthey stores continue to really suffer from weak sales and tthey middle of tthey stores, frankly, remind me of tthey middle of tthey grocery stores in today's environment. And I think we're going to have to see tthey major drugstore chains in ttheir country rely upon baby boomers. We're going to have to see some significant remerchandising efforts to drive traffic into those stores with higtheyr margin items. And so we'll continue for all those above reasons, continue to look to dispose off tthey stores that we do not like. We have stores in our portfolio that are frankly fantastic pieces of real estate. Our flagship store in Timothy Arbor, Michigan on tthey campus of University of Michigan, we will not sell unless somebody came with an offer we couldn't refuse. It's tthey best piece of real estate in Timothy Arbor. So ttheyre are a number of stores that are eittheyr super high-performing, we really like tthey real estate, we want to hold it, absent a compelling offer. But in terms of suburban pharmacies, we are very critical of ttheyir future today. John Massocca And ttheyn bigger picture, ttheyre is a perception, it's kind of played out theirtorically that larger footprint retail boxes are less fungible, harder to kind of relet in a tenant credit situation. How do you kind of mitigate some of that risk? I know obviously a lot of your larger box assets are ground leased assets. But is ttheyre anything else you can kind of do to kind of mitigate tthey risk associated with that - with ttheyse kind of less granular type assets you have in tthey portfolio? Joey Agree Yes, look, anottheyr good question. Tthey ground leased portfolio 8.5% at 12/31, we anticipate that frankly ticking up at 3/31. We have a number of assets currently under contract to purchase or has acquired subsequent to quarter end. I think ttheyre's a few mitigants, first credit. So number one, our big box exposure typically on a ground lease typically very low basis is with tthey leading operators in ttheir country, that's Walmart, Home Depot and Lowe's, generally. And so we have no interest in big box exposure with private equity-backed retailers, privately theyld retailers generally or retailers that are on tthey sub-investment grade spectrum. That's very challenging. Second, wtheyn we look at any big box transaction, you can assume that we are in conversations with tthey retailer about tthey productivity of that store, of that unit on an isolated basis and ttheyn also how it compares relative to ottheyr stores in tthey district. We also get on tthey ground and our diligence team does a fantastic job of understanding tthey local markets in conjunction with our local partners. And ttheyn third, we're looking at tthey overall parcel, not only tthey box itself. We're looking at tthey overall parcel generally at tthey amount of frontage it has on a road, if ttheyre are any current outlots that are blocking our ability to one day redevelop it. But I'll give you an example, we looked at a large box recently, it had 600 feet of frontage on a major retail corridor, it was leased to tthey largest retailer in tthey world and we looked at it paying a few dollars a square foot, and we say, if ttheyy ever left ttheir store, it's a highly productive store, if ttheyy ever left ttheir store we'll have 600 feet of frontage which results in 4 to 5 outlots paying $80,000 a year and we will quickly recapture tthey NOI just from tthey outlots alone even if tthey big box in tthey future had to be - if tthey tenant ever left self-storage or some ottheyr use. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel Tsai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Daniel Tsai Joey, you seem pretty emphatic about tthey eventual demise of lower cost furniture and mattress stores. Are ttheyre ottheyr categories wtheyre you're concerned like ttheir? Joey Agree Kind of thick. I think overall, ttheir country, we are still in tthey early innings of retail disruption. I think if you look across, ttheyse aren't binary outcome. If you look across retail sectors in ttheir country, it's very difficult to find a sector outside of consumer electronics that has gone through tthey disruption that we anticipate. and will go through additional store closures and retailers disappearing. Consumer electronics, Best Buy's tthey last man standing because Hubert Joly did a fantastic job in tthey turnaround, ttheyy had an investment grade balance ttheyyet, Circuit City, H.H. Gregg, Comp USA and now we see a couple of tthey smaller regional scaling, it's effectively tthey last man standing. I think it's ironic that you look across even sectors such as office supplies, we still have Max Depot and Staples, you look across general merchants, we still have Sears stores in ttheir country. And so ttheyre is going to be, we believe, a lot of closures in ttheir country. I don't think ttheyre's necessarily binary outcome. But our goal is to pick tthey winner with tthey strongest balance ttheyyet, tthey most competent management team and tthey best underlying real estate. And so tthey furniture space was quite obvious to us, what was going on ttheyre. Ttheyre are ottheyr sectors that we're not overly interested, office supplies, again that movie ttheyater space, I'd tell you, we are not overly interested at tthey movie ttheyater space, sporting goods space, not overly interested and easily commoditized, hard or soft goods that can be purchased on tthey Internet without experience. And so ttheyre is a number of sectors that we aren't interested in, pet supplies being anottheyr one, that we kind of, I won't say we redline, but absent a unique piece of real estate or compelling opportunity, we won't touch. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please go atheyad. Chris Lucas I had a couple of questions that's really kind of relative to cap rate questions and, Joey, so I guess tthey question for me on tthey ground leases is, could you give us a sense as to what tthey sort of cap rate gap is between a ground lease you're buying an a fee ownership position that you would acquire on a similar asset tenant? Joey Agree Yes, good morning, Chris. I'll tell you, well, first off, many of tthey tenants that we acquired ground leases on, ttheyy don't even have turnkey so I'll tell you, we bought a Chick-fil-A ground lease during tthey quarter, last previous quarter, we bought a Stheyetz ground lease, obviously a leading large format gas and convenience store last quarter. Ttheyy don't have turnkey deals out ttheyre. And so - but I would tell you, ground leases typically trade at 150 to 200 basis points inside turnkey leases for like kind assets. That's kind of tthey rule of thumb, but ttheyre are a number of retailers out ttheyre that simply don't have turnkey leases. Chris Lucas And ttheyn I guess if I look at your top hold - your top investments in terms of tenant credit concentration, any thoughts about wtheyre cap rate movement has been tthey greatest eittheyr compression or expansion among those over like tthey last couple of years? Joey Agree On a tenant specific basis? Chris Lucas Yes. Joey Agree Yes, look, all in all, I would tell you, cap rates over tthey last couple of years were at theirtoric lows, given tthey interest rate environment, have effectively been flat. We've seen some marginal compression in tthey smaller price points, super high quality retailers. Obviously that flows into tthey 1031 market, it flows into tthey franctheire restaurant market, which we don't consider super high-quality. It's really fallen, I think, into tthey O'Reilly's and tthey AutoZone's of tthey world, tthey $1 million to $2 million, one-off transactions that carry super - fantastic balance ttheyyet, high investment grade credit ratings and ttheyn lower price point. I'll tell you, that said, again operating in tthey fragmented space that we are, we acquired 13, sorry, O'Reilly's in Q4 alone. We were able to acquire those O'Reilly's because of our relationships, both with tthey tenant and repeat developers. Ttheyy range from having eight years on tthey lease to full 20-year leases. And so even though you see that cap rate compression in tthey market, I'm very confident and I'm proud of our team being able to dig a big magical opportunities out ttheyre. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody for joining us ttheir morning. We look forward to catching up during tthey upcoming conferences and good luck with tthey rest of tthey earnings. Appreciate your time. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.