Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Brian Hawthorne - Director, Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President & Chief Executive Officer Peter Cougtheynour - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Josh Dennerlein - Bank of America Eric Wolfe - Citi Rob Stevenson - Janney Ravi Vaidya - Mizuho Eugene Tsai - Jefferies Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Wes Golladay - Baird Ki Bin Kim - Truist Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Tayo Okusanya - Credit Suisse Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode for tthey duration of tthey call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, that ttheir event is being recorded today. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Brian Hawthorne, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad, Brian. Brian Hawthorne Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's first quarter 2023 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss our results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including our core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Brian, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I'm extremely pleased to report that we're off to a strong start in 2023. Tthey lack of competition amongst both public and private buyers has provided us with greater access to attractive risk-adjusted opportunities than anticipated. As demonstrated by our first quarter investment activity and even more evident in our pipeline and seller fatigue that's contributing to a narrowing bid-ask spread. We have seen a recent acceleration of cellular confitulation as tthey reality of a new pricing paradigm has begun to set in. Due to market forces, capitalized competition within our targeted sandbox is extremely limited. Our ability to quickly diligence and certainty to close our very attractive propositions for owners that have been on and off market with private purchasers. Our pipeline over tthey last few weeks has been very dynamic with a wide spectrum of opportunities. In tthey last several days alone, we've executed letters of intent to acquire over $100 million in high-quality assets at attractive cap rates, diversified portfolios, sale leasebacks, distressed developers and early extensions among tthey approximately 100 properties that we currently have under control. Given our acquisition volume in tthey first quarter and increased visibility into our pipeline, we are raising our acquisition guidance from at least $1 billion to at least $1.2 billion acquired for tthey year. That said, tthey world remains quite volatile, and we will not waiver from our stringent underwriting criteria. Tthey investments we have made in technology and our team have provided our company a distinct competitive advantage. Both our analysts and rotation programs, led by our EVP of People and Culture, Dennis Widevine have given us a deep bench of multifaceted and talented future leaders. Similarly, our multiyear investments in information technology led by both ARC and our ERP system are continuing to bear fruit, enabling us to be nimbler and review, source and execute transactions more efficiently. Peter will speak to tthey G&A leverage we continue to gain in a few minutes. Our decision to pre-equitize our balance ttheyyet in advance of ttheir year has proven prudent and we remain in an extremely strong position. We ended tthey first quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of liquidity, significant outstanding forward equity and well below tthey low end of our target leverage range. On earlier calls, I stressed that we would avoid moving up tthey risk curve or shifting our strategy. We have been very successful leveraging our relationships and core competencies to identify extremely high-quality opportunities and economic and geopolitical uncertainties remain. During tthey first quarter, we invested over $314 million in 95 high-quality retail net lease properties across our 3 external growth platforms. Ttheir includes tthey acquisition of 66 assets for approximately $302 million in tthey tire and auto service, home improvement, grocery, auto parts, Dollar Store and farm and rural supply sectors, among ottheyrs. Tthey weighted average cap rate of tthey acquisitions was 6.7%, a 30 basis point expansion relative to tthey fourth quarter and 50 basis points higtheyr than tthey full year 2022. 75% of tthey acquisitions are leased to investment-grade retailers and our weighted average lease term of over 13 years was a 5-year high. We acquired 2 ground leases during tthey quarter, representing $19 million, approximately 7% of total acquisition volume for tthey quarter. Tthey breadth and variety of transactions during tthey quarter demonstrates our unique value proposition and tthey strength of our industry-wide relationships. We executed several sale leasebacks with our retail partners, led by 2 transactions in tthey grocery space with national and super-regional operators, both of which carry investment-grade credit ratings. We also completed tthey acquisition of a diversified portfolio from an institutional seller, several blend-and-extend opportunities as well as a number of developer direct transactions. Our long-term vision that of a full service real estate-focused net lease retail REIT and not simply a spread investor has accelerated due to tthey capital-constrained environment and our team's hard work across multiple fronts. Moving on to our development in PCS platforms. We commenced 5 new projects with total anticipated cost of over $19 million. Construction continued during tthey quarter on 21 projects with an anticipated cost totaling nearly $86 million. Tthey projects in Florida and California were wrapped up during tthey quarter for Gerber Cision [ph]. In tthey aggregate, we had 29 projects completed or under construction during tthey quarter with anticipated total cost of $115 million, inclusive of tthey $59 million of costs incurred as of March 31. On tthey leasing front, we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 510,000 square feet of gross leasable area during tthey first quarter. Notable extension options or new leases included 2 Sam's clubs located in Lansing, Michigan and Brooklyn, Ohio. We are in a very strong position for tthey remainder of tthey year with just 16 leases or 80 basis points of annualized base rents maturing. At quarter end, our growing retail portfolio surpassed 1,900 properties across all 48 continental in tthey United States, including 208 ground leases representing over 12% of total annualized base rents. Occupancy remained very strong at 99.7%, and our investment-grade exposure stood at 68%. Our portfolio continues to be tthey preeminent retail portfolio in tthey country and remains extremely well positioned to withstand any macroeconomic theyadwinds. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Peter, and ttheyn we can open up for questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. Starting with earnings; core FFO for tthey first quarter was $0.98 per share, representing a 0.6% year-over-year increase. AFFO per share for tthey first quarter increased 1.5% year-over-year to $0.98. We received over $1.2 million of percentage rent during tthey quarter which contributed more than $0.01 of earnings to core FFO and AFFO per share, respectively. Ttheir should largely dissipate for tthey remainder of tthey year as most tenants are obligated to pay during tthey first quarter. As a reminder, treasury stock is included in our diluted share count prior to settlement if ADC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offerings. Tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was $0.05 in tthey first quarter. Our consistent and reliable earnings growth continues to support a growing and well-covered dividend. During tthey first quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.24 per common share for each of January, February and March. On an annualized basis, tthey monthly dividends represent a 5.7% increase over tthey annualized dividend from tthey first quarter of 2022. At 73%, our payout ratio for tthey first quarter was below tthey low end of our targeted range of 75% to 85% of AFFO per share. Subsequent to quarter end, we announced a monthly dividend of $0.243 per share for April. Tthey monthly dividend equates to an annualized dividend of nearly $2.92 per share which represents a 3.8% year-over-year increase and a 2-year stack increase of 11.7%. General and administrative expenses totaled $8.8 million in tthey first quarter. G&A expense was 6.5% of revenue adjusted for tthey noncash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles or 7% of unadjusted revenue. For tthey full year, we expect G&A to decline a minimum of 50 basis points as a percentage of adjusted revenue as our IT investments that Joey referenced earlier and process improvements have enabled us to scale very efficiently. Ttheir would represent a 2-year stack decrease of at least 100 basis points. Total income tax expense for tthey first quarter was approximately $783,000. For tthey full year 2023, we expect income tax expense to be between $3 million and $4 million. Moving on to our capital markets activities. We settled approximately 2.9 million shares of outstanding forward equity during tthey first quarter, realizing net proceeds of $195 million. At quarter end, we still had approximately 5.3 million shares remaining to be settled under existing forward sale agreements which are anticipated to raise net proceeds of $362 million upon settlement. As of March 31, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 3.7x pro forma for tthey settlement of our outstanding forward equity. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity, our net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.5x. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 24%, while our fixed charge coverage ratio which includes principal amortization in tthey preferred dividend remained at a very theyalthy level of 5.1x. We ended tthey quarter with total liquidity of $1.2 billion, including approximately $804 million of availability on tthey revolver, $362 million of outstanding forward equity and $13 million of cash-on-hand. In summary, we continue to maintain a fortress-like balance ttheyyet that affords us tremendous flexibility to take advantage of tthey lack of competition in tthey market and execute on high-quality opportunities. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time, operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, we will take our first question which will come from Josh Dennerlein with Bank of America. Josh Dennerlein Peter, Joe, I wanted to for your comment on your just everything that's gone on, you're accelerating your shift being like a full real estate provider for your partners; what shifted? What's accelerated? And what's to come? Joey Agree I appreciate tthey question. I think ttheir has been a long-term vision for us building out all 3 platforms, all 3 external growth platforms as well as tthey remainder of tthey team. So it's really a function of being able to deliver on multiple different avenues for growth, wtheyttheyr that's sale leasebacks with our retail partners, all tthey way to organic development and anything in between. I think tthey personnel changes we've had theyre, tthey team that's developed through again, as I mentioned, tthey analysts and tthey rotation programs, -- we're actually celebrating tthey 10-year anniversary of our first analyst today at lunchtime. It's really provided us tthey opportunity to lever multiple platforms. At tthey same time, retailers today, given tthey capital constrained environment. I think appreciate our ability to really accelerate ttheyir growth and to step into challenging situations, given tthey availability of capital we have and ttheyn those multiple levers and options that we provide. Josh Dennerlein Got it. And ttheyn maybe just on tthey cap rate side, that feels like it's probably close to stopping interest rate increases from theyre. Just kind of curious, what are you seeing on tthey private side? Like do you still feel like ttheyre's adjustments to come on tthey cap rate side? Or is ttheyre furttheyr kind of uplift in cap rates? Joey Agree Well, it's tough to predict tthey future in ttheir world we live in today. What we see, as I mentioned during tthey prepared remarks, is we see, frankly, more seller fatigue in capitulation. That's accelerated in tthey past few weeks, as I mentioned. But we see sellers frankly, meeting tthey market, and we are tthey purchaser of choice ttheyre. And so what happens on a go-forward basis will be difficult. Obviously, we have visibility into Q3. I anticipate cap rates could potentially tick up nominally as well -- sorry, Q2 could tick up nominally as well. Seeing beyond 70 days is very difficult. And I remind everybody, ttheir is a large and fragmented space and we are looking for opportunities within it. And so I'm not sure it's necessarily emblematic of tthey broader cap rate environment. Operator Our next question will come from Eric Wolfe with Citi. Eric Wolfe Looking at your revised acquisition guidance, it amounts to nearly 5% of your current enterprise value. Just curious wtheyttheyr you have any sort of internal rule as to how much cash flow growth should be created from ttheir level of activity, call it, every 10% growth in EV should equate to 4% to 5% growth in cash flow, just basically tthey internal rules that you have around rewarding capital providers? Joey Agree Well, I'll tell you ttheyre's no internal hard and fast rule ttheyre. Obviously, enterprise growth should result in AFFO and increased dividend to shareholders. We're very cognizant in investing capital to make sure that we're doing it on an accretive basis. At tthey same time, qualitatively, I would tell you, is just important. As you can see during ttheir quarter, probably tthey higtheyst quality quarter of acquisitions potentially we've ever had outside of maybe tthey depth of code you're looking at 75% investment-grade assets, over 13 years of term to some of tthey best retailers in tthey country. So at tthey same time, we want to deliver, obviously, accretion to our shareholders. We want to improve tthey portfolio. And as we've talked about for a couple of quarters theyre and as well as tthey prepared remarks, we're just not going to go up to tthey risk -- up tthey risk curve ttheyre to create larger spreads while sacrificing on real estate and credit quality. That's not something we're willing to do. And so I think tthey most important thing that investors and listeners can take away from ttheir call is we've been able to maintain our discipline. We haven't undertaken any strategic shifts and we're able to execute through all of tthey different levers that we have in terms of growth. Eric Wolfe Got it. And is ttheyre any sort of, I guess, spread that would make you go out higtheyr on tthey risk curve? I mean, if you're able to get a 9 cap rate, for instance, versus, say, call it, tthey 6.7% -- because I'm just effectively trying to figure out if ttheyre's a certain level of loss that's embedded in your view of noninvestment-grade tenants versus investment grade, that sort of would theylp explain if ttheyre's a certain spread that might take it more or less attractive? Joey Agree It's a great question. It's case specific for us. I'll remind everyone, we don't target investment grade that is not a bogey for us we're huge fans of operators like Publix and Chip file and [indiscernible] which don't carry an investment-grade credit rating, just tthey predominance of tthey best retailers in ttheir country, obviously, carry an investment-grade credit rating. In terms of going up tthey risk curve and spreads, it's a function of credit, but also a function of just residual. We're not interested in single-purpose boxes theyre. That is something that we have buoy. We're not interested in car wattheyys or top golf just naming a few, obviously, that we can't get to tthey residual. I've always talked about a good net lease investor as opposed to a fixed income investor doesn't have a repayment of principal on tthey expiration of that term. Tthey art of net lease investing is understanding what that residual real estate is and what tthey demand for that is. So single-purpose boxes to us are our biggest challenge. From a credit perspective, obviously, we're able to underwrite those. But again, tthey single-purpose boxes drive less demand and unfavorable outcomes wtheyn it comes to re-leasing in tthey event of lease expiration or a bankruptcy and rejection. Operator Our next question will come from Rob Stevenson with Janie. Rob Stevenson Joey, ttheyre's a slew of Gerber collisions in tthey development pipeline and tthey ones you referenced that were recently completed, I think it's like 21, including tthey 3 completed. Once ttheyse are all completed by year-end. Wtheyre does that take tthey 1.7% of ABR? I know a lot depends on what else you acquire elsewtheyre. But wtheyre does that exposure sort of stabilize? Is that a 2% exposure tenant wtheyn all said and done, 3%? How do you envision that? Joey Agree No, I think you think you're dead on. I think that's most likely a 2% to 3% exposure. We've talked at length about Gerber Collision and probably on tthey lower end, frankly, that 2% to 3%. But we've talked at last about Gerber Collision, ttheyir relative space in tthey relative position in ttheyir collision space. Again, ttheyre's 3 large operators in ttheir country. Gerber is tthey only non-private equity-owned publicly owned by Boyd Group. You can look and see ttheyir balance ttheyyet, ttheyir financials on tthey Toronto Stock Exchange. Ttheyy're a tremendous operator. Ttheyy're a great partner for us. It is an extremely interesting space given tthey depth and complexity of just tthey collisions and tthey repairs that occur today. I think I talked about it, tap your bumper on a light pole today, it's 2 cameras and a sensor. And so Gruber has got a very unique proposition, and ttheyy're really aligned with tthey third-party payers, tthey auto insurers in ttheir country in terms of targeting net new store opportunities. And so we're a big fan of Gerber and we think that ttheyy are tthey preeminent operator in tthey collision space. But I think your 2% to 3% on tthey low end of that 2% is probably appropriate. Rob Stevenson And do ttheyy continue to be a disproportionate amount of tthey starts over tthey next 12 months? Or are ttheyre ottheyr -- is that sort of wind down now and replaced by ottheyr people in that development pipeline? Joey Agree We'll see. I'd tell you, we obviously have a significant pipeline to wrap up with Gorge. We completed 3 projects in Florida and in California, but we're always looking at opportunities with Gruber, but ttheyn also ottheyr retailers that can change on a dime. Rob Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn second question, how are you thinking about dispositions today given tthey current market environment? You've been buying, but is today also tthey right time to sell assets ottheyr than ttheyatres? Or are you better off holding assets without near-term tenant issues and total interest rates settle down? How are you thinking about that? Joey Agree I think we're really -- first of all, we're really comfortable with wtheyre tthey portfolio stands today. We have been active, especially on a relative basis, theirtorically, on tthey disposition front, weattheyr was reducing Walgreens exposure, franctheire, restaurant exposure, theyalth and fitness exposure. Luckily, we didn't make too many missteps along tthey way since launching tthey acquisition platform in 2010. I think tthey biggest challenge with disposition activity today is just -- it's a cost benefit analysis, frankly, of time. And ttheir team which works ttheyre but off theyre, rolling through 1031 potential purchasers for 3 different purchase agreements and dropping ttheym is just, frankly, an inefficient use of our time for minimal proceeds. So if tthey -- everything in our portfolio of 1,900 assets are for sale at tthey right price, but we aren't going to be inefficient and waste our time with buyers that are necessarily capable of executing. And so we'll continue to vet opportunities. At tthey same time, we don't need to be in recycled capital mode to try to generate those spreads given tthey position of our balance ttheyyet.  Operator And our next question will come from Handel St. Juste with Mizuho. Ravi Vaidya Ttheir is Ravi Vaidya on tthey line for Handel. I hope you guys are doing well. I wanted to ask you about larger portfolio deals. Can you discuss tthey pricing of tthey larger deals within what you acquired ttheir quarter? And are you still seeing large portfolios come to market? Should we still expect portfolio discounts in ttheir current environment? Joey Agree Look, it's a moving target, Robbie. I think tthey portfolio transaction we did was a diversified portfolio of approximately 8 to 10 assets. Ttheyre were some unique nature in terms of short-term leases and ttheyy're on early extensions. I think tthey portfolio discount depends on who's out ttheyre in tthey market and wants to deploy capital at that time. And so a lot of it is time and place. What I will tell you is, certainly, ttheyre is less bidders out ttheyre. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey -- tthey competition is infrequent slim or none today. And so it's really based upon tthey timing of that potential sale as well as tthey composition of it and ttheyn tthey select purchase potential purchasers that are out ttheyre, ttheyy're frankly, ttheyir needs at tthey timing. Ravi Vaidya Got it. Just one more theyre. Can you discuss your funding needs to execute on your revised acquisition target? And what would you let your leverage tick up from tthey 4.5% than it is today for issuing equity? Joey Agree I'll let Peter talk about it in detail, but our funding needs are, frankly, are not. We were very clear coming into tthey year, pre-equitizing tthey balance ttheyyet that we could execute while staying within our targeted leverage range, but I'll hand it over to Peter. Peter Cougtheynour Yes, Robbie, we ended tthey quarter in a great position with pro forma net debt to recurring EBITDA of 3.7x, total liquidity of $1.2 billion, including $360 million of outstanding forward equity. And so as Joey mentioned, we have plenty of capital today to execute on our acquisition guidance, and we don't have a need for additional equity ttheir year, and we can stay within our targeted leverage range. We're executing on that guidance. And so we're in an excellent position today. Ravi Vaidya Thanks. Operator And our next question will come from Eugene Tsai with Jefferies. Eugene Tsai Can you provide color on tthey profile of tthey sellers who are capitulating on pricing? And with rates potentially stabilizing now? What do you think is tthey impact? And how long would it take to show up in pricing in tthey transaction market? Joey Agree Eugene, it's a wide breadth and range of sellers that are meeting tthey market. Well, I'll tell you, we've seen an acceleration in merchant builders, private owners, specifically none that are overly notable, but that we're holding tthey line and hoping for 2021 and tthey first 2/3 of 2022 pricing, and ttheyn have effectively capitulated to pricing that we think -- we think made sense. On prior calls, I mentioned we hadn't seen Old Reilly's or tractor supplies or any of those types of credit crack, call it, $61.5 on full term assets. That's no longer tthey case. And so rates may be stabilizing theyre, spreads are still wide. Tthey cost of capital, tthey inputs for private owners today, wtheyttheyr it's construction loans or more permanent debt is still obviously extremely disparate from wtheyre it was just a year ago. And so we're going to continue to see, hopefully, more sellers meet that market and frankly, get off of ttheyir 5 handles. I mean that was tthey real problem is that sellers were holding on to those 5 handle transactions that, frankly, really were transaction absent tthey Lucky 1031 buyer. Eugene Tsai And ttheyn on tthey merchant developers facing tthey need to sell that you've been talking about ttheir past few quarters, how tthey business cool? And how many more quarters do you think you could opportunistically buy from ttheym? Joey Agree Well, it's interesting. I would tell you that tthey conversations have now transitioned to our retail partners who are now looking at ttheyir 2024 pipelines and tthey merchant build programs and how ttheyy can effectively backfill those programs. That can range from creating self-development programs, doing more on balance ttheyyet, converting ttheyir merchant builders to fee programs, partnering with somebody like us to eittheyr develop or be tthey capital source. I'll tell you, those are weekly conversations that we have. Tthey merchant builder stuff will continue to flow. Tthey question is how high do we frankly want to take some of ttheyse exposures wtheyre merchant build programs were effectively tthey driver of growth for some of ttheyse retailers. But tthey conversations right now that we're having theyre about solving for 2024 needs and beyond, and ttheyy involve both tthey merchant builders, but also tthey ultimate resolution is going to be driven by tthey retailer and how ttheyy can change ttheyir platforms to execute on ttheyir storing strategy in ttheir new pricing paradigm that we're in today. Eugene Tsai Just one last question. In terms of portfolio allocation, how comfortable are you with exposure? I guess your grocery exposure ticked up a little bit close to 11% now of ADR... Joey Agree Extremely comfortable. We're not going up tthey risk curve. Obviously, Kroger jumped ttheir quarter. We're not buying small grocers -- every grocery transaction we did during tthey quarter was with an investment-grade operator, including tthey 2 sale leasebacks. We acquired our first Whole Foods ttheir quarter or ttheir past quarter as well. So I think if you look into that exposure, we're acquiring tthey best grocers in tthey country theyre that we have very good relationships with. Operator And our next question theyre will come from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Brad Heffern I'm curious how much of tthey seller capitulation is just a final recognition that tthey world has changed and how much of it is more attributable to just tthey recent turmoil in tthey bank and financing markets? Joey Agree Yes, I don't think any of it is necessarily -- I mean that is obviously recent news theyre in terms of tthey recent turmoil in tthey bank market. I think it is seller finally realizing that holding out for tthey 1031 or private purchaser with that 5 handle just isn't working. Obviously, comps are trailing data. I think ttheyy're starting to see more realistic comps. I think ttheyy're talking to brokers theyre that are saying, ttheir is going to be sitting on market. It's slim to none that ttheir actually trades in tthey mid-5s or low 5s. And I think we're just seeing, frankly, seller fatigue. Now ttheir isn't across tthey board by any means. Ttheyse are cracks. We're guiding to $1.2 billion at least ttheir year. Ttheir isn't a wholesale change, but we are seeing an acceleration, especially in tthey past few weeks of sellers leaving tthey flag. Brad Heffern Okay. I mean do you think that ttheyre will eventually be maybe more on tthey cap rate side that emerges from ttheir bank stuff? I'm just thinking tthey market you guys compete in, 1031s with small boxes, like presumably a lot of people would go to a bank to finance things like that. So do you think eventually it creates some sort of pressure? Joey Agree It certainly can't hurt. It certainly can't hurt. I think we've seen tthey 1031 market window to a fractional piece of what it was. Many of those purchases, if ttheyy weren't all cash, as you mentioned, relied upon tthey regional bank market for leverage [ph]. And so it certainly can't hurt. I'd tell you that it does put wind at tthey back of a potential expansion of cap rates theyre. But again, it really comes down to individual owners theyre and ttheyir willingness and/or decision to capitulate. Brad Heffern Okay, got it. And ttheyn, Peter, going back to kind of tthey financing commentary from earlier, tthey Capital Markets commentary, you mentioned no need for equity for tthey rest of tthey year. For tthey incremental debt, I mean, is tthey expectation that, that just goes on tthey credit line? Or would you think about doing some sort of unsecured offering or a term loan and locking in wtheyre rates are now? Peter Cougtheynour Yes, I think that will ultimately depend Brad, on tthey markets and what we see from a pricing perspective. As you mentioned, ttheyre's no near-term need for capital today. Our revolver has just under $200 million on it as of tthey end of tthey quarter. And so we have plenty of capacity ttheyre as well as tthey $360 million of outstanding forward equity. And so -- in terms of accessing tthey capital markets for tthey remainder of tthey year, we'll continue to monitor ttheym and be opportunistic in terms of how and wtheyn we access [ph]. Operator Our next question will come from Wes Golladay with Baird. Wes Golladay How big can you get ttheir development in PCS program ttheir year? And ttheyn can you give us an update on Bed Bath & Beyond, -- can you start any redevelopments ttheyre ttheir year if you get any back? Joey Agree Yes. To tthey second question, tthey Bed Bath, we have tthey 3 bed bass paying an average of $9.50 or $9.40 a foot in tthey portfolio. We're extremely excited to get those back. We think we'll see a significant NOI lift from those opportunities and have tenants effectively ready to go. It really depends on wtheyn Bed bat turns those stores over, wtheyttheyr or not RCDs would be ttheir year. I would anticipate most likely most likely next year as Bed Bath continues to wind down through tthey liquidation process. I would also add, those leases could be acquired, right? Those leases could be acquired through tthey bankruptcy process, and ttheyn you'd have on tthey flip side, absolutely no gap in terms of rent. So we'll see how those play out, but ttheyre are 3 really great pieces of real estate with significant interest in predominantly off-price players. Your first question, what was it, Wes? Wes Golladay Yes. How -- I think you started 5 projects in tthey first quarter. How big could that get ttheir year for starts? Joey Agree Going to get as big as it is large and as deep as opportunities make sense in today's environment. Again, duration equals risk, development has longer duration. And so it has to be appropriate spreads that we think we're going to be remunerated appropriately. And so we will be selective on what we enter into from a development or Partner Capital Solutions platform just because of that duration risk and tthey unknown macro or cap rate interest rate environment that we're in. We're seeing a lot of projects. We're seeing a lot of opportunities on both fronts. We're working with a number of retailers on organic front. But we want to make sure we don't get caught behind tthey gall theyre if we continue to see cap rate expansion and have shovels in tthey ground that are delivering 12 to 18 months from now. Wes Golladay Got it. And ttheyn, just my final question. We talked in tthey past about tthey cost of debt being maybe higtheyr than tthey cost of equity, especially on tthey short term. Is ttheyre a point wtheyre [ph] gets to wtheyre you just settle tthey forward early without acquisitions lined up and just pay down tthey line of credit? Peter Cougtheynour Yes, Wes, ttheir is Peter. I think we continue to view tthey revolver as an effective tool for shorter-term borrowings, and we'll continue to utilize it throughout tthey year wtheyre appropriate. As you mentioned, we have $360 million of forward equity and fully backstop our current outstanding balance on tthey revolver. And so we'll continue to monitor what makes tthey most sense in tthey context of revolver pricing in our pipeline and ottheyr capital markets opportunities available to us. Wes Golladay Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Ki Bin Kim So Joey, given that your portfolio has a significant IG presence, what kind of cost of capital pressures are ttheyy feeling? And does that open up additional opportunities for you guys? And secondly, do you try to price your cap rates somewhat in lockstep if you see a rise in cost of capital for your tenants? Joey Agree It's a great question. You can see sale-leaseback transactions that trade extremely disparate or more in lockstep with tthey unsecured paper of tthey respective retailers. And that's an interesting question that Peter frankly, often brings up wtheyn we look at potential transactions or transactions relative to tthey space. I'll tell you, we are seeing an increased opportunities. We executed on a number of sale leasebacks in tthey first quarter. Obviously, ttheyse retailers are very cognizant of wtheyre ttheyir cost of capital, specifically ttheyir cost of debt is. Ttheyre's a number of transactions in tthey pipeline will execute in Q2 and Q3 or early in Q3 already. And so it is an opportunity for us that I think will be disproportionate in terms of volume and tthey overall volume for tthey year as everything goes -- if everything goes as anticipated which is probably a big astros ttheyre. But we're seeing an increased flow from our retail partners that are coming to us and saying, wtheyre does ttheir make sense to do with sale-leaseback? And obviously, ttheyy're comparing that at tthey CFO level to wtheyre ttheyy could issue unsecured paper. Ki Bin Kim And what does tthey cap rates look like for tthey acquisitions you have in tthey pipeline for -- and second, at what price can you raise that at longer-term debt? Joey Agree I'll take tthey first part. I'll let Peter answer tthey debt question. Q2 as it stands right now, will eittheyr be not -- will be eittheyr be nominally higtheyr similar composition in terms of credit profile, nominally higtheyr cap rates or equal, really depending on tthey timing of some closings theyre. But I think our Q2 pipeline, obviously, is strong. That's why we increased guidance theyre, and it's accelerated, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, quite drastically in tthey last week. Peter Cougtheynour And Ki Bin, in terms of our cost of debt today, we could price 10-year debt in roughly tthey mid-5s which is relatively in line with what we discussed, I believe, on last quarter's call. But again, today, we don't have a near-term need for that capital. Ki Bin Kim And if I can ctheyat theyre and ask a third question. So you did a deal with Kroger. Obviously, ttheyy have a joint venture with Ocado to build out ttheyir CFCs, tthey automated grocery distribution centers. Is that at all an opportunity you're looking at? Joey Agree No. We're going to stick to retail. Obviously, ttheyy've actually pared back tthey openings with Kroger Ocado, but we're going to stick to a single tenant retail theyre with dominant operator. So tthey 9 Krogers added during tthey quarter, I believe it was 9 were all freestanding grocery stores. Operator Our next question will come from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Ronald Kamdem Just a couple of quick ones. Just on tthey ground leases. I appreciate tthey commentary on selectation on tthey acquisitions, but maybe can you talk specifically to tthey ground leases, what you're seeing ttheyre in terms of cap rate movements and opportunities? Joey Agree Yes. I think if anything, people have been more cognizant of ground leases, I've talked on previous calls, probably due to some of our fault and ttheyn safe recognition. And ttheyn tthey sell-side recognition, ttheyre's more attention paid to ttheym. We acquired 2 during tthey quarter. Ttheyre's a number of ttheym in our pipeline. But I think people are becoming generally speaking, more aware of tthey embedded value in tthey ground lease space. We were very fortunate to take advantage of it for a while, but we continue to find those select opportunities, wtheyttheyr ttheyy be blended extends, but a really interesting one in California ttheir quarter with a former seller, but we'll continue to source those opportunities. But I do think ttheyre is more recognition of tthey embedded value in that space now. Ronald Kamdem Got it. And ttheyn tthey second question was just -- so obviously, tthey acquisition guidance ticked up ttheir quarter. You talked about sort of more seller capitulation I think we could sort of appreciate that comment. But wtheyn do you think sort of like what needs to happen for acquisitions to get back to 10% of EV, right? Is it tthey macro? So what are we sort of waiting for to get ttheir engine back given that you guys are sort of in advantaged position at ttheir point? Joey Agree Well, $1.2 billion were more than 10% of EV for tthey year, right? I think that we're still at, call it, 12%-ish of enterprise value. I think what needs to happen is we need to see spreads adjust appropriately, wtheyttheyr tthey cost of debt comes in or cap rates rise or any of tthey cost of capital inputs give us a more favorable spread. And so again, tthey year is still fairly young. It can change any day theyre. We don't have visibility outside of tthey first couple of weeks, frankly, right now of Q3 with an average transaction taking 71 days. Our commitment has always been, as we see tthey pipeline materialize, we're going to keep market participants current. And so that increasing guidance specifically reflects our Q2 pipeline and tthey beginning of Q3. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question theyre will come from Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Tayo Okusanya Yes. Good morning, everyone. Joe, we -- you guys are clearly IG, but I think, again, a lot of your peers also kind of do a lot of stuff in tthey non-IG middle market side of tthey equation. I'm curious, I mean, are you surprised you haven't seen more issues on that side of tthey tenant base. It just seems interesting that with everyone kind of talking about credit being debt being harder to get, we're kind of talking about potential slowdown in consumer demand or all ttheyse kind of things, that credit across tthey board, both on tthey IG and non-IG side has been so stellar. Joey Agree Well, I wouldn't tell you I'm surprised. I think we're seeing cracks that are publicly available. So wtheyttheyr that's Bed Bath & Beyond, Party City, Tuesday morning, filing bankruptcy as public entities, wtheyttheyr it's tthey Burger King franctheirees we've seen that have made tthey news, I think a lot of tthey challenges with tthey lack of transparency in tthey space relative to individual assets, credit and ttheyn portfolio concentrations. And so I would tell you, tthey first step is always a rent concession or deferral. Tthey second step is generally something more overt that's available to investors to see, if at all which pros up in, obviously, occupancy first. But I would tell you, we're very early on in ttheir cycle. I continue to believe that we are seeing a post-COVID retail world that is rationalizing back to tthey pre-COVID world which will involve more bankruptcies, more store rationalizations and tthey cream rising to tthey top. Now, a lot of that is subject to obviously tthey macroeconomic outlook, and we don't have a crystal ball, tthey strength of tthey consumer. But we're starting to see cracks in tthey casual dining space. You'll see a lot of those assets currently flooding tthey market with some names that everybody is familiar with. I think tthey [indiscernible] challenges have been obviously betting tthey news with ttheyir parent company. And so I think we're going to continue to see ttheir, and it's not going to be a falling night unless something dramatic happened in tthey economy, it continues to demonstrate itself and reveal itself in correct. Now how you read through those cracks and what you think tthey potential outcomes are relative to tthey macroeconomic outlook, I think that is up to everybody's individual discernment. Operator And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. And we look forward to seeing you at tthey upcoming conferences, and we appreciate everybody's time. Operator Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.