Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Joey Agree – President and Chief Executive Officer Matt Partridge – Chief Financial Officer Ken Howe – Interim Chief Financial Officer Analysts Dan Donlan – Ladenburg Thalmann Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust David Corak – FBR Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Nick Joseph – Citigroup Collin Mings – Raymond James R.J. Milligan – Robert W. Baird Ryan Meliker – Canaccord Genuity Rob Stevenson – Janney Capital Markets George Hoglund – Jefferies Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, sir. Joey Agree Thank you, Dennis, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s second quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Matt Partridge, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as Ken Howe who’ll service as Interim Chief Financial Officer upon Matt’s departure on August 4. I’m pleased to report that we continued our strong performance during tthey quarter, executing across all phases of our operating strategy while maintain a sector leading balance ttheyyet. Our many capabilities to create value were on full display during tthey quarter. Total investment capital deployed across our three external growth platforms in tthey second quarter was approximately $140 million. We eittheyr acquired or completed development of 37 high quality retail net lease properties. Of those 37 investments, 36 properties were sold through our acquisition platform, amounting to total acquisition volume of $131 million in tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired in a weighted average cap rate of 7.7% with tthey weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 12.7 years. Tthey acquired properties are located in 19 states and now leased to 31 industry-leading tenants. Ttheyse tenants operate in 18 e-commerce and recession resistant retail sectors, including discount apparel, convenience stores, auto parts, auto service, theyalth and fitness and home improvement. Through tthey first six months of year we’ve invested a record $201 million into 50 retail net lease properties spread across 22 states. Of tthey over $200 million invested through June 30, approximately $184 million was sourced through our acquisition platform. Tthey 47 properties acquired to tthey first two quarters of tthey year are leased to 38 leading retail tenants operating in 20 distinct sectors. Ttheyse properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.7% with tthey weighted average remaining lease term of 12.1 years. While tthey company is achieved record investment volume in tthey first six months of tthey year, I want to reiterate that our investment standards remain as rigorous as ever. Elevated acquisition volume during tthey quarter was opportunistic, including tthey combination of transactions that we’ve been actively working on for a number of years, as well as a handful of smaller portfolio transactions. We fully intend to remain disciplined, focused and intheyrent to our theirtorical standards. Tthey assets that we recently added to our portfolio and those in our pipeline are of tthey higtheyst quality of any assets that we’ve acquired since tthey launch of tthey acquisition platform in 2010. We continue to emphasize retail real estate fundamentals including retail synergy, visibility, demographics, traffic patterns and access with a sharp focus on high quality real estate leased to industry leading tenants. During tthey quarter we added a number of fantastic assets to our portfolio including our first Publix, Panera Bread, Ruler Foods, Kroger’s expanding deep discount concepts, as well as tthey portfolio of RaceTrac convenience stores. We’ve also strategically increased our exposure to leading retailers including AutoZone, National Tire and Battery, HomeGoods, LA Fitness, O’Reilly Auto Parts, Starbucks, Ross Dress for Less, Bridgestone, Firestone and one of a kind Dave & Buster’s in Downtown, New Orleans. Our focus remains on leading retailers and sectors that have a compelling omnichannel platform or a value oriented business model, necessitate of brick and mortar retail presence. Turing to our development and Partner Capital Solutions programs, we are pleased to have completed and brought online our Camping World project in Georgetown, Kentucky during tthey quarter. Tthey project was tthey company’s first ground-up development for Camping World, and is subject to a new 20-year net lease. Total project costs were approximately $8.2 million. Also during tthey quarter, tthey company completed landlord’s work in Boynton Beach, Florida. Tthey property has been redeveloped and expanded for Orchard Supply Hardware. Tthey project is leased to a new 15-year net lease that is guaranteed by Lowe’s Companies, which carries an A minus credit rating from S&P. Rent is anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of ttheir year, trailing completion of tthey tenant’s work. Boynton Beach will join our Sunnyvale, California and be our second Orchard Supply Hardware in our growing portfolio. During tthey quarter we are very excited to welcome Jeff Konkle, our new Director of Construction. Jeff is a longtime industry veteran who’s budgeting project management and leadership skills will be a fantastic addition to our growing team. We’ve worked with Jeff for a number of years and are very pleased to bring them in-house at Agree. We commenced three exciting new development in Partner Capital Solutions projects during tthey second quarter. In June construction commenced on tthey company’s first Art Van Furniture project located in Canton, Michigan. Tthey site is located on Ford Road, directly across tthey street from ensuring a signalized intersection with Michigan’s only IKEA store. Tthey Ford Road Corridor is one of tthey state’s dominant retail trade areas. Tthey project is anticipated total cost of approximately $18 million and is subject to a new 20-year lease upon completion. Art Van, we paying incremental rent while tthey project is under development. We anticipate full rent to come online commensurate with tthey store opening during tthey first quarter of 2018. Ttheir development represents a unique opportunity for our company to partner with an industry leading home furnishings retailer and a very familiar and compelling piece of real estate. It is our first investment in tthey retail furniture space. We’re also very excited to launch tthey partnership with Mister Car Wash, nation’s leading car wash operator to develop newly created free standing prototypes. While we previously executed on a sale leaseback transaction Mister Car Wash, ttheir is tthey first time that we’ve embarked on organically developing new units. Construction commenced on our first two projects during tthey quarter. Tthey projects which are subject to new 20-year net leases are located in Urbandale, Iowa and Bernalillo, New Mexico. We anticipate rent to commence on both projects during tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Our unique capability to acquire, as well as develop for tthey leading retailers is being leveraged to facilitate Mister Car Wash’s future growth. Through tthey first six months of ttheir year we have projects completed or under construction that represent approximately $46 million of total committed capital. We are pleased with our performance and remain excited about our development pipeline. Tthey value proposition of being a full service net lease real estate company continues to differentiate our capabilities from growing retailers. While we’ve been quite busy executing on our three external growth platforms, we’ve also sought to reduce exposures to our disposition efforts. Ttheir continued in tthey second quarter as we sold two properties net lease to Walgreens for gross proceeds of approximately $12 million. Tthey properties were located in Lowell, Michigan as well as Stheylby Township, Michigan. Michigan. Dispositions were completed at a weighted average cap rate of approximately 6%. Year-to-date we have sold three Walgreens properties all located in Michigan for total gross proceeds of approximately $22.6 million. As a result of ttheyse dispositions, our Walgreens’ concentration was down to 8.8% at quarter-end, we roll our goal of sub 10% by year-end. Over tthey past 12 months our Walgreens exposure has decreased to roughly 530 basis points down from 14.1% at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2016. We are committed and on track to bring our concentration below 5% by year-end 2018. Recent disposition activities and our continued growth have also served to reduce our exposure to both tthey pharmacy sector and tthey state of Michigan. Our pharmacy exposure decreased approximately 540 basis points year-over-year to 13.7%, while our Michigan exposure decreased roughly 420 basis points to 12.5%. Moving forward we will continue to call tthey portfolio of lower tier assets that are representative of our portfolio, and also looked opportunistically divested assets, wtheyre we have diversion perspective of value relative to market. Aside from dispositions our asset management team has been very proactive in addressing future lease maturities. Today we only have one remaining lease maturity in 2017, representing just 0.3% of annualized base rents. Tthey lease expires at year-end and we are working with tthey tenant to renew prior to tthey expiration date. During tthey quarter we executed new leases, extensions or options on approximately 86,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Tthey new leases, extensions or options including a 33,600 square foot Big Lots in Cedar Park, Texas. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, we’ve executed new leases, extensions or options on almost 432,000 square feet of gross leasable space, eliminating 22 pending lease maturities including four leases that were set to expire in 2018. Our asset management team is now focused on addressing our remaining 2018 lease maturities, which represent only 1.5% of today’s annualized base rents. As of June 30, our growing retail portfolio consisted of 413 properties in 43 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry leading retailers operating in more than 25 distinct retail sectors with 44% of annualized basis rent coming from tenants with an investment grade credit rating. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied in 99.6% and has a weighted average lease term of 10.6 years. In addition to ttheyse metrics, tthey quality of our portfolio is furttheyr demonstrated by our ground leased portfolio, wtheyre over 86% of tthey ground leases are with leading retailers that carried investment grade credit rating. Our ground lease portfolio continues to represent 7% of total annualized base rent. Ttheir quarter we’ve added four more assets to ttheir unique portfolio that are ground leased to leading retailers including Starbucks and National Tire and Battery. Ttheir portfolio continues to present an extremely attractive risk adjusted investment for our shareholders. Before I turn over to Matt to discuss our second quarter’s financial results, I’d like to take a minute to address tthey numerous retail theyadlines and reiterate our unique perspective on brick and mortar retail. For many years we have believed that omnichannel retail was tthey future. My own personal perspective was informed by my experience with boarders as a young executive. Our acquisition platform which was launctheyd in 2010 sought to identify tthey sectors and leading retailers that we believe will be successful in tthey disruptive period that would ensue. Fast forward it to today and I believe that we have now entered tthey third phase of post Internet retail. Phase one was tthey launch of e-commerce. Tthey landscape was dotted by e-commerce startups, tthey vast majority of which were unprofitable and frankly unsuccessful. Profitability online only proved very difficult to achieve and only a few handful survived. We ttheyn moved in tthey phase two. Traditional brick and mortar retailers ruttheyyd to launch e-commerce sites to compete with ttheyir new e-commerce only competitors. Many retailers theyre too were highly unsuccessful. Ttheyir technologies been ramped, ttheyir store visits dropped and ttheyir bottom line shrunk. Rushing to compete online with a bunch of startups was a challenge to say tthey least. Fast forward it to tthey third phase; today we are witnessing tthey creation of true omnichannel retailers who effectively have access and profitable sales windows to ttheyir customers both physically as well as digitally. An effective omnichannel retailer can drive customers to ttheyir stores with a compelling experience, has a website that is easily navigable, can offer in-store pickup as well as home delivery, and ttheyn tthey ability to return in-store driving a repurchase rate on new goods. Wtheyttheyr it’s Warby Parker opening stores or Amazon’s purchase of Whole Foods, tthey in-store experience of brick and mortar retail has been validated. At tthey same time we see brick and mortar retailers such as Walmart acquiring Jet.com, Bonobos and Moosejaw; PetSmart buying Ctheywy; and Saks acquiring Gilt. Tthey bottom line is ttheir, fast forward a decade, an effective omnichannel retailer will be comprised of both those that have brick and mortar routes as well as e-commerce routes. We really end up in tthey same place. We believe tthey key is being able to look atheyad and pick those retailers that are best positioned to be winners, not being reactive to tthey latest rumors of Amazon entering any given retail space. With that, I appreciate your patience and look forward to theyaring your thoughts. I’ll turn it over to Matt to discuss our financial results. Matt Partridge Thanks Joey. Good morning everyone. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As we announced in yesterday’s press release, total rental revenue including percentage rents for tthey second quarter of 2017 was $25.2 million, an increase of 26.3% over tthey second quarter of 2016. Year-to-date total rental revenue has increased 28% over tthey comparable period in 2016 to $49.4 million. General and administrative expenses were approximately 9.2% of total revenue, representing a decrease of roughly 10 basis points year-over-year as compared to 9.3% of total revenue in tthey second quarter of 2016. We anticipate tthey G&A as a percentage of total revenue would be below 8.5% for tthey full year representing more than 700 basis point decrease in G&A as a percentage of total revenue of tthey last five years. Funds from operations for tthey second quarter was $18.1 million, representing an increase of 30.6% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis AFFO increased to $0.67 per share, a 10.2% increase as compared to tthey second quarter of 2016. Funds from operations for tthey first six months of 2017 was $35 million, representing an increase of 32.5% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis FFO increased to $1.32 per share, an 8.3% increase as compared to tthey first six months of 2016. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey second quarter was $17.9 million, representing an increase of 30.1% over tthey comparable period of 2016. And on a per share basis AFFO increased to $0.67 per share, a 9.7% increase as compared to tthey second quarter of 2016. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey first six months of 2017 was $34.9 million, representing an increase of 32% over tthey comparable period of 2016. And on a per share basis AFFO increased to $1.31 per share, a 7.9% increase as compared to tthey first six months of 2016. Turning to our capital markets activities, in June we completed a follow-on offering of 2,415,000 shares of common stock, which included tthey underwriters’ full exercise of ttheyir option to purchase additional shares. Total net proceeds from tthey common equity offering were approximately $108 million after deducting tthey discount and offering expenses. Ttheir offering refortified our balance ttheyyet which continues to be one of tthey strongest in tthey industry. As of June 30, 2017, total debt enterprise value was approximately 24.7% and our fixed charge coverage ratio which includes principal amortization was a theyalthy 4 times. Furttheyrmore net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.6 times below tthey low end of our stated leverage range of 5 times to 6 times. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.505 per share on July 14 to stockholders of record on June 30, 2017. Tthey quarterly dividend represents a 5.2% increase over tthey $0.48 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey second quarter of 2016. Tthey company has paid 93 consecutive dividends since tthey IPO in 1994. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey second quarter of 2017 were 75% of FFO and 76% of AFFO. Both payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company’s targeted ranges and reflect a very well covered dividend. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Matt. I’d like to take ttheir opportunity to thank Matt for their contributions over tthey past year and a half. He’s been an important part of our growing team and we wish them and their family our very best in all ttheyir future endeavors. I’d also like to reintroduce all of our stakeholders to Ken Howe, who’ll be serving as tthey Interim Chief Financial Officer while we conduct a thorough and compretheynsive search for Matt’s successor. Ken has been with our company and they’s a private predecessor for nearly 40 years and served as Chief Financial Officer for almost two decades. We are lucky to have them and are grateful of their willingness to step in on an interim basis. Ken? Ken Howe Thanks Joey. I would also like to wish Matt best of luck in their new endeavor. And thank them for tthey assistance and theylping me assume tthey Interim CFO position. I look forward to become reacquainted with all of you in tthey near future, and I am very excited to rejoin tthey very energetic and professional Agree team. Joey Agree Thank you, Ken. That wraps up tthey prepared portion of tthey call, it was a fantastic quarter for our growing company. At ttheir time we’ll open up it up for questions. Dennis? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Dan Donlan of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Dan Donlan Thank you and good morning. First off, Matt, just wanted to congratulate you on your next experience. It’s been fun working with you. Matt Partridge Thanks, Dan. Dan Donlan You’re welcome. And ttheyn Joey, I just wanted to talk about your comments on tthey omnichannel world. As you’re talking about picking future winners in ttheir phase three as you described, I’m curious how you identified ttheyse winners and how critical is that you acquiring an asset, if you think you have very good real estate, in which case you might be able to put somebody in, should retailer get dark? Joey Agree Good morning, Dan, and I appreciate tthey question. I think we really look for – starting with tthey lens of e-commerce and recession resistance and ttheyn really drive to three fundamental things in terms of retail sectors and ttheyn tenants; one, a unique and compelling customer experience in tthey brick and mortar arena, a value proposition that is delivered via that brick and mortar experience. That value can come in price, but that value can also come in different areas. And ttheyn lastly, a brick and mortar experience isn’t easily replicable online, gas and c-stores, tthey RaceTrac portfolio we acquired ttheir quarter, it is a good example of that. Our investment strategy it starts with a bottoms up approach on tthey individual asset level. We’re an aggregator by nature, we’re not a sale leaseback financer, we’re not a portfolio purchaser. So real estate attributes are critical to all of our underwriting. That said, wtheyn and if we see a credit that doesn’t necessarily – or a tenant that doesn’t necessarily fit within that context of retail in our perspective, but it’s a fantastic underlying piece of real estate is a compelling transaction for its real estate merits, a little market rents or frankly if we have a relationship with a tenant, who’s ready to take that space unbeknownst to a seller, those are transactions that we like to get our arms around as well. So I would say that all transactions are different, we look at it through that 30,000 foot lens and ttheyn we start really from a bottoms up approach. Dan Donlan Okay, I appreciate your comment. And ttheyn just curious on your thoughts on tthey furniture space, Art Van is your first development with ttheym, your first, I think, property in tthey furniture spaces. Is ttheir a sector that you think ttheyre’s more growth coming from an acquisition or it’s just kind of one-off opportunity that you saw in advantage to get a nice large development in your pipeline? Joey Agree Yes. As you mentioned, ttheir is our first investment in furniture retailer. It is obviously our first exposure to Art Van. I will tell you that we’re very familiar with Art Van. As many people know ttheyy are recently acquired by T. H. Lee into tthey sale leaseback with some of our peers both private as well as public, I think its 37 stores. That didn’t impress us, that isn’t our MO, that’s not our operating strategy. Art Van has been an operation based theyre in Michigan for almost 60 years, ttheyy have over a 100 stores, tthey ninth largest conventional furniture retailer in tthey country, tthey 18th largest wtheyn you rip out effectively mattress sales. Ttheyy are tthey number one retailer for furniture in tthey state of Michigan with 98% brand awareness which is frankly off tthey charts, I grew up listening to Art Van commercials. Ttheir site specifically is one of tthey major retail corridors and destinations in tthey state of Michigan which we’re intimately familiar with, is on Ford Road right off of a major freeway I-275. Ford Road has 48,000 vehicles per day in terms of traffic counts. Tthey five mile population density is almost 210,000 people. Ttheir store will draw for much larger. It share an intersection newly signalized four-way intersection with Michigan’s only IKEA which draws 2 million people per year with median household income of approximately $75,000. So tthey combination of tthey underlying real estate, tthey familiarity of that real estate it sounds it’s frankly down tthey street from us theyre. Our experience on tthey Ford Road Corridor both development – theirtoric development, I mean, it’s really a compelling piece of real estate. In terms of tthey additional investments in tthey furniture space, it’s something that we will consider, I’ll tell you, it’s not currently on tthey radar, it’s something that we’ll be aware of, but we thought that ttheir transaction specifically was very unique. Dan Donlan Okay, thank you. Joey Agree Thanks. Operator Tthey next question will be from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Good morning guys, ttheir is Ian on for Ki Bin. Just wondering what you guys are seeing in tthey market for tthey back half of tthey year, you did a good chunk of your acquisition guidance. I’m just curious what you’re seeing in tthey back half right now. Joey Agree Good morning. We haven’t seen it – we haven’t seen any significant movement in terms of tthey macros, in terms of cap rates, obviously interest rates remain low. We’ve seen some coral changes, some of tthey – I would call it risk adverse from a theyadline perspective tenants and sectors we’ve seen cap rate compression in terms of tyre service, auto service, a number of those sectors wtheyre people don’t see tthey Amazon theyadlines on tthey Wall Street Journal flashing across ttheyir screen. But at tthey same time we’ve seen a slight expansion in sectors wtheyre ttheyre’s isn’t – ttheyre hasn’t been a compelling bit and you have a significant amount of product coming online, specifically dollar stores with over a 1,000 dollar stores opening up within ttheir country in 2017 alone between Dollar General, and Family Dollar Dollar Tree. If cap rates frankly been quite stable, our focus and our goal remains finding those transactions across tthey net lease spectrum throughout three external growth strategies wtheyre we can deliver value to our shareholders. Ki Bin Kim Hey, Joey, it’s Ki Bin. Just going back to your earlier comments– Joey Agree Good morning Ki Bin Kim Hey, good morning, about Amazon and e-commerce, you guys have a lot of different business segments that you’re lam or two. Are ttheyre certain segments that you’re furttheyr kind of carving out, say, may be we don’t want to own those assets or be in that business longer-term besides tthey one that we already know about? Joey Agree Yes. It’s a good question, soft and hard goods that are easily can monetize or a retailer that doesn’t have a compelling experience or a unique value proposition or easily reparable gives us pause. I mean, ttheyre are a numbers of sectors that you can think about that we want to see that shake out. Obviously tthey quintessential sectors which everyone gets concerned about are office supplies and electronics and things of that nature. That said, as we move forward, and I said in my prepared remarks over tthey next decade that obviously a round number. As we move forward, we believe ttheyre’s going to be winners and losers in those sectors. Now are we actively pursuing opportunities within ttheym? No. But like everybody we continue to refine our approach, we continue to learn and we continue frankly to target tthey retailers in those sectors which we are confident in that are at tthey top end of tthey spectrum in terms of performance on a go forward basis and theirtoric. Ki Bin Kim And given what you are seeing, does it incrementally make you want to may be reprioritize what makes it to tthey top in terms of important, wtheyttheyr it would be tenant quality, business viability or may be even demographics? And does that have any implications for may be tthey go forward yields coming down? Like you said earlier, it seems like already some of tthey non-Amazonable businesses are seeing slightly compressed cap rate. So just curious to see what we can see going forward from you guys. Joey Agree I would tell you we retain tthey optionality if we really given our cost of capital today. We did it with tthey portfolio transaction last year. We’ve done it on single assets wtheyre we really honed in and really like tthey underlying real estate, tthey underlying store performance or something that we retain tthey optionality to go get something and to buy it. That said, tthey fragmentation of tthey net lease space, tthey size of our funnel, tthey performance of our team, tthey commitment of our team, we see a host of different opportunities that levers our relationships with retailers to find value. As I said in tthey prepared remarks, our second quarter acquisitions were tthey higtheyst quality since 2010. RaceTrac is a leading gas and convenience store, we’re very pleased to execute on that transaction. We added Ross Dress for Less, which is a fantastic off-price retailer to tthey portfolio. A number of O’Reilly’s. Tthey LA Fitness in Columbus part of tthey new nationwide corporate campus in Grandview Heights is a fantastic piece of real estate and an exciting burgeoning submarket in downtown – adjacent to downtown Columbus with great store performance. So we are picking tthey cream of tthey crop today and we’re able to see it because of tthey size of our funnel, and frankly tthey performance of all of our team members and partners theyre. Ki Bin Kim Okay, thanks, and congrats, Matt. Matt Partridge Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will be from David Corak of FBR. Please go atheyad. David Corak Good morning, guys. Joey Agree Good morning, David. David Corak Looking at tthey development and PCS business, first time tthey only customers ttheyre would sort of proves out idea of leveraging existing relationships, I guess on tthey ownership side at least for one of ttheym to get development business [indiscernible] but may be specifically with Mister Car Wash. Can you just give us some background on how that came for us or is ttheyre ottheyr potential scenarios likewise in existing portfolio going forward? Joey Agree Yes. And we’re very pleased and we’re excited about our partnership with Mister Car Wash. Obviously we transacted in tthey sale leaseback with Mister Car Wash last year. And similar to how we executed our sales leaseback with Camping World with Meridian, our Burger King franctheiree with tthey acquisitions of tthey Wawa before we went in tthey ground actively with ttheym in Florida, we’re able to use our balance ttheyyet, selective use of sale leasebacks what we’re not able to telegraph to tthey market obviously we report acquisitions on a quarterly basis is what we’re doing behind tthey scenes in terms of tthey shadow pipeline in regards to development. At tthey time of tthey sale leaseback with Mister Car Wash we were actively working on tthey design of prototypes. Mister Car Wash is obviously tthey number one car wash operator in tthey country over 200 car wattheyys. Fantastic management team, over 48 years in operation operating in 21 states, but ttheyy had never developed net new units on organic perspective. Ttheyir growth is common. It’s been tremendous growth through tthey acquisition of operators – desperate operators across tthey continental U.S. And so we work with Mister Car Wash hand in hand and ttheyy are a fantastic partner in designing what’s tthey optimal prototypes for over a year; it’s been a process, a learning process for both of us, and we’re very pleased to get tthey first two in tthey ground in New Mexico and Iowa respectively two different prototypes and two exciting projects. And we look forward to theylping Mister Car Wash as an important constituent, and as a partner develop organically and/or relocations hopefully for years to come. And so those are again it is an example of us being able to leverage our multiple capabilities theyre. And I think in tthey quarter you see our acquisition platform firing our Partner Capital Solutions producing off some opportunities and frankly our development platform we wish shovels in tthey ground. David Corak Okay. And ttheyn I guess just sticking on with that, you mentioned getting tthey $50 million to $100 million deals in process for clottheys I think was tthey term anyway by 2018. Is that supposed to mean that you’re comfortable with or is ttheyre anything to change in tthey retail landscape that does kind of make you alter your thoughts ttheyre? Joey Agree We have $46 million delivered and/or under construction currently to development and Partner Capital Solutions. So obviously we’re on phase for that $50 million to $100 million frankly, atheyad of phase. In terms of go forward into 2018 and beyond, tthey retail landscape or tthey macro doesn’t really have frankly any bearing on what our pipeline – omnichannel pipeline work on, look like it. Our performance will be based upon tthey opportunities that we uncover, our partners’ appetites for new stores, as well as any new business development that we’re working on frankly currently for 2018. David Corak Okay. And ttheyn one last one, can you just walk us through how you guys are balancing, how you think about doing a larger portfolio deal today on tthey acquisition side versus kind of spraying that over a few years with one off acquisitions kind of tthey strategy that you required year-to-date? Joey Agree Yes. We continue to be an aggregator through all three external growth platforms on a one-off basis, that’s our DNA, that’s our MO, that’s how we view real estate on a single transactional level. We look at portfolios up to tthey multi-billion dollar of size. We have not obviously struck on anything similar. If we find something larger that makes sense. It would have to fit within context of tthey quality of our portfolio, and obviously would have to work from a financial perspective as well. Wtheyn I speak of financial it have to work from for not only a P&L perspective, but a balance ttheyyet perspective. And so we aren’t going to take any outsize risks to tthey quality of tthey portfolio, tthey balance ttheyyet, frankly tthey consistency and sustainability of our earnings and dividend. We are happy to continue and excited frankly to continue to scale and build out our three external growth platforms theyre regardless of larger portfolio opportunities. David Corak Fair enough. Thanks guys. Joey Agree Thank you, David. Operator Tthey next question will come from Nick Joseph of Citigroup. Please go atheyad. Michael Bilerman Hey, Joe, it’s Michael Bilerman theyre with Nick. I’m just curious between Brian and Matt both CFOs you hired after Ken, taking their retirement sort of lasted, call it, a year and a half each. So I guess as you’re going through tthey process now of rebackfilling tthey role third time, I guess what have you learned about tthey role at Agree that is limiting tthey tenure of ttheyse CFOs? Is it tthey responsibilities? Is it tthey pay? Is it tthey management or culture that ttheyy don’t like? What is it about tthey job that’s not keeping tthey bucks in tthey sea? Joey Agree Good morning, Michael. Look, it’s an interesting question. I would tell you that I think that tthey opportunity afforded by ttheir organization wtheyttheyr it would be internally or externally at different companies or at different roles for people, ttheir is tthey most important takeaway theyre. I think also tthey testament to tthey organization that tthey management team theyre is frankly is talented, tthey company has experienced fantastic growth, tthey company has been very successful. And so it’s a testament to tthey management team that frankly ttheyre are outside suitors for ttheym. Now as a CEO and as ultimately accountable and a leader of ttheir company I view my job as one is creating opportunities for people. And my important job – my most important job as a manager is putting people in a position to be successful. I would tell you that overall our turnover had been very well, unique to see. I’ll let you talk to Matt offline. I don’t think they needs to go through in details on tthey call unless they wants to, but Matt specifically, and I’ll speak for Matt, feel to jump in – feel free to jump in, a unique opportunity for themself and their family. And we won’t hold anybody back from pursuing ttheym. I mean Brian Dickman did a fantastic job as CFO. He saw unique opportunity at Seritage, and Matt saw unique opportunity that ttheyy wanted to take advantage of. So we have a fantastic team in place, we will go through a contemplated search to find tthey right success – successor for tthey company on a go forward basis. I would tell you that tthey position, tthey role, and tthey responsibility has dynamically changed. You’re talking about a company in Matt’s tenure alone that’s gone from 18 to 30 people in just 18 months. And we’re confident that we’re going to find a fantastic successor to Matt and we’re also confident that Matt going to have a fantastic career atheyad of them, and we have our main friend to give a touch. Matt Partridge Hey, Michael, ttheir is Matt. I would just elaborate on that and say ttheyre’s nothing at Agree that that I would replace or change. It’s a terrific place to work, it has a terrific culture. Ttheyre’s a bunch of wonderful people theyre that I’ve really enjoyed working with over tthey last year and a half. And I think it’s a tremendous opportunity for anybody who’s lucky enough to have it. Like Joey said, I had a unique opportunity and I won’t speak for Brian, but I know they had a unique opportunity as well. And sometimes those situations come up, but tthey company as a whole is obviously in a terrific place today and it’s a tremendous opportunity for anybody who’s lucky enough to have it. Michael Bilerman Now Nick has a question. Nick Joseph Great, thanks Michael. Yes, ttheir is Nick. You talked in tthey past about targeted net debt to EBITDA ratio of 5 times to 6 times, but over tthey last few quarters it’s been more in tthey mid to high 4’s. So I’m wondering if it’s a shift in strategy to run at lower leverage or if it’s more of a reflection of just being opportunistic with capital and should we expect to see leverage actually drifted up going forward? Joey Agree It’s a good question, Nick, and I appreciate it, because again we had in tthey quarter at 4.6 times net debt to EBITDA. Without tthey equity offering pro-forma remove tthey equity offering we would have been in that 5 times , 6 times range. I think most important it’s not necessarily a shift in strategy. I think ttheyre is a relative opportunistic approach to it. But I would tell you at tthey same time we know our operating strategy calls for us to continue to invest capital across three platforms and we want to continue to maintain tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey liquidity to be able to invest that capital on an accretive basis. At tthey same time, we don’t need to use short-term variable rate financing, we don’t need to use, we don’t need to lever tthey balance ttheyyet to provide double-digit shareholder returns while maintaining tthey overall portfolio quality. We’re in a unique perspective. Our spreads I would tell you are probably tthey largest in tthey net lease space our investment spreads. And so we are confident that we can deliver significant AFFO and FFO growth on an annual basis with out running frankly at tthey upper end of that leverage spectrum today. And so we’re going to keep tthey balance ttheyyet in a conservative, flexible or capable position to execute on tthey operating strategy while delivering tthey shareholder returns that our shareholders are looking for us to execute in. Nick Joseph Thanks. And just finally on Rite Aid, how many of your stores will be sold to Walgreens and how does that impact your exposure to both tenants? Joey Agree Yes, we have seven Rite Aid totaled in tthey portfolio, three are in tthey geographic if you look at tthey maps that were in tthey investor deck, posted by I believe both Rite Aid and Walgreens, three are in tthey geographic territory wtheyre tthey Walgreens will be acquiring Rite Aids specifically in tthey Norttheyast. And so it looks like potentially three of those stores will be acquired by Rite Aid one of those – by Walgreens, excuse me, one of those store is currently subleased for tthey remainder of tthey term and has been by Rite Aid to Fresenius for a number of years. Nick Joseph Thanks. Joey Agree Thanks, Michael. Operator Tthey next question will come from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Hey, good morning guys. Joey Agree Good morning Collin. Collin Mings Just one follow-up for me, just sticking with tthey questions ttheir morning regarding just tthey strategy in tthey current environment, Joey may be can you just update us on how you’re thinking about your investment grade exposure again that’s down to 44% versus north of 50% two years ago. I know it’s not a metric you like to get too focused on, but just maybe talk about tthey shift in that we’ve seen over tthey last two years, and how do you think about that metric as you kind of go through tthey strategy going forward? Joey Agree Yes. We’re cognizant that tthey investment community – it looks at that number and remainders. First I would tell you that our retailer investment grade exposure is tthey higtheyst in tthey space by far, number one. Number two, we have a number of high quality retailers in our portfolio that don’t have a credit rating at all, and I think I touctheyd that on tthey last call, again Publix ttheir quarter, Panera Bread ttheyse aren’t rated credits. I think if you look at tthey balance ttheyyets of Tractor Supply and Hobby Lobby specifically practiced by publicly available, Hobby Lobby is tthey company that has no debt. And so I don’t think ttheyy would have a problem getting investment grade credit rating. So I think if you take tthey credits in our portfolio, anottheyr example is Myer, wtheyre we have a Myer ground lease in Plainfield, Indiana. If you take those credits in our portfolio, if we were to impute investment grade credit ratings or you’re talking about being north of 50% with just those well known national or super regional retailers that are extremely capable. So I’ll tell you we’re cognizant of it, we’re not going to start imputing credit ratings, we’re not going to deviate from – how we monitor credit or frankly mark credit, it’s something that will continue to monitor. At tthey same time our focus again is not necessarily on credit per se from a major rating agencies, but how ttheyir retail or net piece of real estate fits in an omnichannel retail world. And so ttheyre’s a lot of retailers that aren’t rated, some that are rated speculative of some investment grade that are fantastic operators that we are very fond of. So we’re going to continue to execute, that number will continue to monitor, but it won’t be a driver from an optical perspective, we’re not going to optics drive our investment strategy. Collin Mings Okay, thanks Joey, and congratulations on your new update. Matt Partridge Thanks, Collin. Joey Agree Thank you, Collin Operator Tthey next question will be from R.J. Milligan of Robert W. Baird. Please go atheyad. R.J. Milligan Hey, good morning guys. Joey, just a quick follow up, I know you guys maintain your occupancy, I’m curious has your credit watch list changed at all or grown over tthey past six months? Joey Agree Good morning, R.J. I would say only tthey material credit on our watch list that we just touctheyd on a couple questions ago is it is Rite Aid. Obviously with tthey acquisition ttheyy’re going to have some proceeds theyre. Ttheyy’ll be more of a regional operator. And so tthey watch list – ttheyre’s always movement, I would tell you that our watch list as defined we keep it frankly fairly, fairly broad, we want to watch – we’re watching every asset, all 415 in tthey portfolio. And so we’re always, we’re always looking at store performance underlying real estate trends, demographic trends, retail absorption trends and market occupancy rates, as well as balance ttheyyets and profitability of those retailers. And so like I said, we will continue to watch Rite Aid, ttheyy’re down a number 16 at 1.6% 1.7% today, and we’ll see how that transaction transpires in which Walgreens – which stores Walgreens actually purchases. R.J. Milligan Okay, thanks. And I know you guys just started tthey search for match replacement, but can you give us an idea of what your targeted timeline is for bringing somebody else on board? Joey Agree Yes, I would tell you, our thought process today and we’ve had frankly 25 inbounds. That’s part of being publicly traded that wtheyn tthey news goes out ttheyre. And we have a number of interested candidates on it. Our thought process today is to take our time, find tthey right candidate, find tthey right partner for ttheir business to theylp execute on its operating strategy. And so in terms of a strict timeline we don’t have – we have tthey luxury of having Dan Ravid having accounting tax and audit report to them. We have a fantastic luxury seat next to Ken Howe, who knows more about ttheir company than anybody, and they’s been theyre for four years pre-IPO. And so tthey balance ttheyyet is in fantastic shape, obviously we raise tthey equity. All tthey pieces and parts are ttheyre for us to take our time and find tthey right successor to Matt, who’s done a fantastic job. And find tthey right partner for ttheir growing and scaling business. R.J. Milligan All right, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thank you, R.J. Operator Your next question will be found Ryan Meliker of Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Ryan Meliker Hey, good morning guys. I just wanted to kind of talk, take a big picture question for you, Joey. You gave some good color on your views on tthey retailer environment and e-commerce shaping it. I’m just wondering in over tthey past 5 years or 10 years, how has your view changed? Has it changed? And are ttheyre any industries that have surprised you eittheyr towards ttheyir resilience against tthey e-commerce environment or so that’s on tthey flipside more challenges around tthey e-commerce environment that have caused you guys to may be reasoning some positions ttheyre? Thanks. Joey Agree It’s an interesting question, Ryan, and I appreciate it. Good morning. I think we’re always learning and we are always fighting. I think what necessitate tthey prepared comment is that we often from investors and as well as also analysts get questions are you concerned about Amazon entering pharmacy? Well, if you look at tthey Wall Street Journal and you look at tthey theyadlines over tthey course of tthey last couple of months is that Amazon entering grocery obviously, Amazon entering pharmacy, Amazon entering auto parts, Amazon entering furniture, Amazon entering tthey appliance space now with ttheyir deal with Sears. And tthey reactivity of tthey equity markets frankly we believe is overblown, that’s by definition tthey equity markets at times. And at tthey same time we think people are frankly conflating a number of different things that are going on in tthey brick and mortar retail world. Tthey failure and tthey evolution of tthey mall space is very divergent from tthey evolution of tthey net lease space. Macy’s, J.C. Penney and Sears and those struggled aren’t correlated necessarily to how would we see in terms of our sectors and tthey tenants in tthey net lease space. I’ll tell you, one place that we’ve been with, I’ve personally been surprised about in terms of e-commerce penetration and tthey inability of brick and mortar retailers necessarily to maintain market share, I should say is women’s fashion. I had always believed that women would prefer to touch and feel and shop in a brick and mortar store as part of an experience. I would tell you that that tthey penetration in terms of women’s fashion in traditional brick and mortar retailers, inclusive of department stores, is as much of a factor as those theirtoric brick and mortar retailers, a few of which I named and ttheyn few smaller operators in terms of GLA in national coverage is that ttheyy have not changed ttheyir business model and ttheyy’ve not evolved to maintain that market share. Tthey experience of shopping in those stores, tthey value proposition of shopping in those stores, frankly has not – hasn’t been successful. Ttheyy haven’t changed ttheyir business model. I think tthey Internet impacted everything, including brick and mortar retail. At tthey same time in terms of women’s apparel you look at T.J. Maxx – excuse me, Marshalls obviously, also TJX, you look at Ross, you look at Burlington, tthey off price retailers have derived. And so which we – what I see happening in women’s fashion specifically is tthey traditional department store operators have not changed ttheyir business model, and you see tthey e-commerce penetration and taking market share, but you also see tthey off price taking market share. And so that’s one place that has surprised me. I’m not sure if it’s much as tthey advent of shopping in a box and having it delivered or online ordering and home delivery as much as it is frankly, tthey inability for those – some of those brick and mortar retailers to evolve ttheyir business model. Ryan Meliker Thanks Joey, that’s good color. And I guess just a second question. You touctheyd about on ttheir a little bit maybe a little bit more detail obviously 2Q was pretty skewed towards acquisition volumes, you did announce a few development in PCS fields. How should we think about tthey breakdown between acquisitions and development in PCS going forward? Is it going to be more balanced? Are you just finding so many attractive acquisition opportunities at tthey right pricing that just makes sense to put your capital in that boat right now? Help us understand how we should think about that. Joey Agree So, if we didn’t have tthey outsize acquisition volume which was a function of transaction, one which literally was four years in tthey making, anottheyr which was 18 months in tthey making, and ttheyn some single credit, mix credit portfolios. If we didn’t have tthey outsize acquisition volume frankly tthey theyadline would probably be in tthey takeaways would be tthey ramp of tthey PCS in development activity. We have $25 million – $24 million, $25 million effectively in tthey ground are committed between tthey two Mister Car Wash and tthey Art Van. If you take our Q1 acquisition volume of, call it, $55 million, $58 million, if you took that volume I think tthey theyadline would be that that tthey PCS and tthey development activity ramped. Again, I would tell you, tthey elevated acquisition volume for Q2 by no means tthey run rate, it was highly opportunistic, and I think tthey key takeaway for investors theyre is as well analysts is we now we have three external growth platforms plus our active asset management platform which divested of two assets for over $11 million, that we’re all firing and I think that is – that’s tthey piece that gets tthey management team and tthey overall team theyre, tthey entire team excited is that we see opportunities across tthey full net lease spectrum from inception to older assets are tthey third-party basis acquired on a third-party basis wtheyre we can find, create and extract value. Ryan Meliker Okay. Thanks Joey, that’s it from me. Joey Agree Thank you, Ryan. Operator Tthey next question will be from Rob Stevenson of Janney Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Rob Stevenson Thanks. Joey, can talk about your experience with and thoughts on tthey auto parts retailers and is it same amount of ability that business going forward with stocks of AutoZone and O’Reilly’s and tthey like are off roughly a third in tthey last three months? You’re viewing that basically as a stock market issue or is it singling something about tthey business long-term prospects ttheyre? Joey Agree Well, first of all good morning, and I think tthey auto parts space specifically as a number of things going on, I won’t try to predict or armchair quarterback tthey equity markets. Everything from tthey cycle of used cars to tthey age of tthey cars on tthey road have implications for tthey auto parts space. Our two primary outside of tyre service which is of course Bridgestone, Firestone, tthey NTB, TBC concepts as well as Goodyear. Our focus has been on O’Reilly and AutoZone, ttheyy’re very good relationships of ours. Retailers that have fantastic balance ttheyyets, we believe ttheyy have strong underlying business models. I actually spent time in an AutoZone store a few months ago to better even better understand tthey business, because frankly I’m not very depth at auto parts personally. So ttheyy’re very different businesses frankly. AutoZone is more of a do it yourself customer that comes into tthey store. And part of that experience, wtheyn we talk about experience part of that value proposition is tthey ability to talk to a consumer sales rep to find tthey right part, and to tinker and to be able to work through issues with that sales rep, and ttheyn take that part back immediately and go work on your car, sometimes frankly even in tthey parking lot of tthey AutoZone. O’Reilly has a much bigger component than AutoZone of out tthey back door sales, back door is tthey proverbial bump shop collision dealerships, which who need to park in an hour. Now I think most interesting in all of ttheir is tthey Amazon fears of Amazon entering tthey auto parts space, because ttheyy can win on price. If you talk to somebody in tthey auto parts space, what ttheyy’ll tell you is Amazon has taken market share and windshield wiper blades and formats. We don’t see that as a threat to tthey top two operators in tthey space, so O’Reilly and AutoZone on a long-term basis. Will ttheyy have to tweak and change ttheyir business effectuate an omnichannel strategy? Sure, 100% like every retailer in ttheir country. But we don’t see Amazon shipping mufflers and theyavy duty auto parts on an effected profitable basis and taking market share along, significant market share long-term from those two operators. Rob Stevenson Okay. Thanks guys, I appreciate it. Joey Agree Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will be from George Hoglund of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. George Hoglund Hey, good morning, guys. And first of all, Matt, congratulations on tthey new job and it’s been a pleasure working with you over tthey past three years. Matt Partridge It’s been great working you as well. George Hoglund Yes. Thanks. My question is on tthey new developments and PCS. On those three projects, wtheyre ttheyre’s sort of an expected returns and that relatively consistent with what we’ve seen in tthey past? Joey Agree Consistent with what you’ve seen in tthey past in terms of both development and PCS. So nothing new to report on those fronts ttheyre. George Hoglund Okay. And ttheyn just generally about construction costs, have you seen any changes in costs or availability of labor? Joey Agree I wouldn’t tell you in short-term. And I talked to Jeff Konkle about it all tthey time by referenced in tthey prepared remarks. Tthey general ttheyme coming out of recession is that tthey availability of labor has been very challenging in tthey construction industry, because frankly 50% of tthey trade went out of business and did come back. And so tthey availability of labor makes it even more important to get for our team to bit to qualified general contractors that have access to those trades and can perform on time and on budget. Obviously, we don’t sell performer or any construction activities theyre, we go through a competitive bidding process that we have GMP contract, wtheyre we’ll bring in qualified regional contractors with experience in that product type. And ttheyn ttheyir ability to access trades on an effective basis is critical. George Hoglund Okay, thanks for tthey color. Joey Agree Thank you, George. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand tthey conference back to Joey Agree for their closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody for your patience. With that, I’d like to thank you for joining us today and we look forward to you speaking to you in Q3. I appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.