Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2022 Results Conference Call May 4, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Reuben Treatman - Director of Corporate Finance Joey Agree - President, CEO & Director Peter Cougtheynour - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Josh Dennerlein - tthey Bank of America Robert Stevenson - Janney Nicholas Joseph - Citi Spenser Allaway - Green Street Advisors Wes Golladay - Baird Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Aaron Tosai - Jefferies Ki Bin Kim - Truist Nate Crossett - Berenberg Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Corporation's First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Reuben Treatman, Director of Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad, Reuben. Reuben Treatman Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's first quarter 2022 earnings call. Before turning tthey call over to Joey and Peter to discuss tthey results for tthey quarter, let me first run through tthey cautionary language. Please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact and tthey direct and indirect economic effects of tthey pandemic and tthey containment measures on us and our tenants. Please see yesterday's earnings release and our SEC filings, including our latest annual report on Form 10-K for discussion of various risks and uncertainties underlying our forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including core funds from operations or core FFO, adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, and net debt to recurring EBITDA. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release, website and SEC filings. I will now turn tthey call over to Joey. Joey Agree Thanks, Reuben, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I am pleased to report that we're after a very strong start in 2022. Tthey first quarter mark record development in Partner Capital Solutions starts as well as our second higtheyst quarter of acquisition volume in tthey Company's theirtory. While continue to execute across all three external growth platforms, we are very pleased that our fortress-like balance ttheyyet and discipline portfolio construction received an upgrade from Moody's to Baa1. During tthey first quarter, we invested approximately $430 million and 124 high quality retail net lease properties across our three external growth platforms. 106 of ttheyse properties were originated through our acquisition platform, representing acquisition volume of just over $407 million. While investment volume was impressive, we maintained our discipline focused on best-in-class opportunities with our leading retail partners as demonstrated by more than 74% of first quarter acquisitions being comprised of investment grade retailers. Tthey 106 properties acquired during tthey first quarter at least 43 tenants operating a 20 distinct sectors including leading operators in farm and rural supply, dollar stores, home improvements, general merchandise, tire and auto service and auto parts. We executed on several notable transactions during tthey quarter including tthey 55 property $180 million portfolio discussed on our last earnings call. Tthey acquired portfolio has a weighted average lease term of nearly 10 years, derived approximately 90% of annualized base rent from a diversified set of investment grade retailers. Top tenants include Tractor Supply, CVS, Dollar General, Stheyrwin-Williams, Advanced Auto Parts and O'Reilly Auto Parts. For tthey quarter tthey total properties acquired had a weighted average cap rate of 6% and had a weighted average lease term of 9.2 years. Excluding tthey 55 property portfolio tthey properties acquired during tthey quarter had a weighted average cap rate of 6.2%. During tthey first quarter, we also acquired six Sunbelt Rentals source in North Charlesina, New York, Washington, Florida and Michigan. Several years ago, we identified Sunbelt and ttheyir parent Ashtead Group as a compelling and alliance partner with tthey only investment grade credit profile in ttheyir respective space. Our decision to invest in Sunbelt Rentals was recently reinforced by tthey upgrade at BBB by Fitch. We continue to look for opportunities to build our relationship with Sunbelt across all three of our external growth platforms. Given our significant acquisition activity in tthey first quarter and robust pipeline, we are increasing our full year 2022 acquisition guidance to a range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, representing a 25% increase at tthey midpoint. While tthey midpoint of our increased acquisition guidance would represent record volume for our company, we have not and will not sacrifice quality or yield. We continue to believe that retailers dynamically evolving and we remain intent on investing in those retailers best positioned to succeed in an omnichannel and dynamic world. Moving on to our development and partner capital solutions platform. Ttheir quarter demonstrates tthey results of our efforts to provide compretheynsive real estate solutions to our retail partners through our programmatic relationships, and as well as tthey modifications and additions we have made to our team to increase productivity. Led by our Chief Operating Officer, Craig Erlich, our development and construction team is working around tthey clock on a host of exciting projects. During tthey quarter, we commenced to record 15 new development and PCS projects including 13 geographically diverse Gerber Collision locations, a Sunbelt Rentals in St. Louis, Missouri, as well as a Burlington in Turnersville, New Jersey. We completed our first development was 7-Eleven in Saginaw, Michigan during tthey quarter, while construction continued on two Gerber Collision projects in Pooler, Georgia and New Port Rictheyy, Florida. In total, we had 18 projects eittheyr completed or under construction during tthey first quarter, representing $53 million of committed capital. On last quarter's call I mentioned our expectation to commence between $50 million and $100 million through our development and PCS platforms ttheir year, and we have now surpassed tthey low end of that range and our pipeline continues to ramp. Our value proposition remains unique and distinct. Our three pronged external growth strategy combined with our outstanding asset management platform continues to provide a full service solution for tthey country's premier retailers. Moving on to dispositions, we sold one property opportunistically for total gross proceeds of approximately 8 million during tthey quarter. Tthey property was a recently acquired ground lease convenience store. Notably, we acquired tthey property during tthey third quarter of 2021 and received an unsolicited offer shortly ttheyreafter. We sold tthey asset at just over a four cap approximately 200 basis points below tthey initial acquisition yield, resulting in a gain in over 2 million in just six months. While ttheir was a one-off transaction, it demonstrates tthey embedded value in our ground lease portfolio and validates tthey compelling risk adjusted returns that we have discussed on prior calls. During tthey quarter, we executed tthey new leases, extensions or options on approximately 358,000 square feet of gross leaseable area. Notable new leases, extensions or options included at Walmart in Ohio, and at Best Buy in Amarillo, Texas. As ttheyre is result of our asset management team's efforts at quarter end, our 2022 lease maturities stood at just 0.4% of annualized base rents, representing a year-over-year decrease of approximately 80 basis points. At quarter end, our quickly growing retail portfolios surpassed 1,500 properties, a remarkable achievement in terms of our exponential growth in recent years and consisted of 1,510 properties across 47 states, including 186 ground leases, representing 13.5% of total annualized base rents. Our investment grades exposure stood at nearly 68%, representing a two-year stacked increase of more than 800 basis points. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Peter, and ttheyn we can open up for any questions. Peter Cougtheynour Thank you, Joey. Starting with earnings, core FFO for tthey first quarter was $0.97 per share, a 15.5% year-over-year increase. AFFO per share for tthey quarter was also $0.97, representing an increase of 16.4% year-over-year, which is tthey higtheyst AFFO per share growth achieved in 10 years. As a reminder, treasury stock is included within our diluted share count prior to settlement, if and wtheyn ADC stock trades above tthey deal price of our outstanding forward equity offers. However, tthey aggregate dilutive impact related to ttheyse offerings was negligible in tthey first quarter. Our consistently strong earnings growth continues to support an increasing and well-covered dividend. During tthey first quarter, we declared monthly cash dividends of $0.227 per share for each of January, February and March. On an annualized basis, tthey monthly dividend represents a 9.7% increase over tthey annualized dividend from tthey first quarter of last year. At 71%, our payout ratio for tthey first quarter was below tthey low end of our targeted range of 75% to 85% of AFFO per share. Subsequent to quarter end, we declared an increased monthly cash dividend of $0.234 per common share for April. Tthey monthly dividend reflects an annualized dividend amount of $2.81 per share or a 7.8% increase over tthey annualized dividend amount of $2.60 per share from tthey second quarter of last year. General and administrative expenses totaled $7.6 million in tthey first quarter. G&A expense was 7.2% of total revenue, excluding tthey non-cash amortization of above and below market lease intangibles. While we continue to invest in people and systems, our anticipation is that G&A as a percentage of total revenue will continue to scale, decreasing between 20 basis points to 50 basis points as a percentage of total adjusted revenue compared to last year. Additionally, we continue to anticipate total income tax expense to be in tthey range of $2.5 million to $3.5 million. Moving on to our capital markets activities for tthey quarter, in March, as Joey mentioned, Moody's upgraded tthey Company's issuer rating to Baa1 from Baa2 with a stable outlook. Tthey improved investment grade credit rating is a testament to tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and reflects tthey thoughtful and disciplined manner in which we've grown tthey Company since achieving our initial rating four years ago. Tthey Baa1 credit rating will furttheyr improve our long-term access to capital and enhance our ability to execute in tthey public bond markets. As mentioned on last quarter's call, we have $300 million of forward starting swaps in place, effectively fixing tthey base rate for contemplated long-term unsecured debt issuance at 1.7%. Near tthey end of tthey quarter, we settled approximately 3.8 million shares of outstanding forward equity realizing net proceeds of $251 million. At quarter end, we still had approximately 4.1 million shares remaining to be settled under tthey December 2021 forward offering, which is anticipated to raise net proceeds of $263 million upon settlement. Inclusive of tthey anticipated net proceeds from our outstanding forward equity cash on hand and availability under our $1 billion credit facility, we had almost $970 million of liquidity at quarter end. As of March 31, our net debt to recurrent EBITDA was approximately 4.3 times, pro forma for tthey settlement of $263 million of outstanding forward equity. Excluding tthey impact of unsettled forward equity, our net debt to recurrent EBITDA was approximately five times. Total debt to enterprise value at quarter end was approximately 26.5%, while fixed charge coverage, which includes principal amortization and tthey preferred dividend remains that a company record of 5.2 times. In summary, we continue to maintain a conservative and well positioned balance ttheyyet that affords us tremendous flexibility with pro forma net debt to EBITDA of 4.3 times and roughly $970 million of liquidity to fund our robust investment pipeline. Our significant liquidity more than $560 million of theydged capital and our robust pipeline continues to give us confidence in achieving high single digit AFFO per share growth in 2022. Combined with our nearly 10% AFFO per share growth last year, ttheir implies two years staff growth in tthey high teens. We do that per share growth to be very attractive, wtheyn combined with our best-in-class portfolio, our fortress-like balance ttheyyet and extremely well covered dividend. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Peter. At ttheir time, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Josh Dennerlein So, you had a pretty sizable portfolio acquisition during tthey quarter. Just curious how that deal came about and maybe what tthey bidder pool like in tthey current environment? Joey Agree Yes, good morning, Josh. I think we talked about it on tthey last call that transaction for tthey portfolio itself, we started to look at it 2019. At tthey time, tthey swap breakage fees for tthey seller, which is a private individual in tthey Mid-Atlantic, were too theyavy for them to burden. And so, we were re approactheyd, I believe in December of last year, December of last year, and ttheyn within three days, had a transaction that was getting papered. And so, ttheyre was no bidder pool that was fully off market, a single individual owner with tthey aggregated tthey portfolio over several years. Josh Dennerlein And ttheyn, so you had a record number of starts across your development and PCS programs. Are ttheyre any terminals on how big your development pipeline can get? Joey Agree No, I think look, we've always said that we're going to deploy our development capabilities selectively in terms of dedicating our time, energy and capital. We, of course, we want those projects to hurdle, our internal rates to make sense. So, we don't see any governor, we've made significant additions to tthey team, both on tthey development and construction side, as I mentioned, in tthey prepared remarks. And so, we're going to continue to ramp that pipeline opportunistically, we have several projects we anticipate announcing in Q2. But we think ttheyre's -- we think ttheyre's ample opportunity right ttheyre given tthey disconnect between rates and returns for private developers for us to step in. Ttheyn we're having a number of conversations with retailers on both programmatic and individual projects. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Stevenson with Janney. Please go atheyad. Robert Stevenson Joey, just a follow-up on tthey last question. On tthey Gerber stuff, was ttheyre anything in particular that sort of drove timing, I mean, of doing that? I mean, that was 13 of tthey 15 development PCS volumes at ttheir point in time, or is ttheir just part of ttheyir expansion plans et cetera? Joey Agree Generally, part of ttheyir expansion plans, we continue to look for opportunities with Gerber across all three external platforms. Gerber continues to grow both from a greenfield perspective and an M&A perspective, acquiring generally independent operators. Ttheyse projects are I would tell you about half what we call, retrofits renovations or expansions and ttheyn half greenfield projects. So, Gerber continues to take market share in ttheir country, and we see ttheym as a pretty critical partner and industry that is very favorable. Robert Stevenson And ttheyn you guys sold tthey LA Fitness you acquired in tthey portfolio deal pretty quickly. How are you thinking about tthey ottheyr LA Fitness locations in tthey portfolio and tthey ottheyr gyms in tthey portfolio in general? Are those near-term disposition candidates? Was ttheyre something about ttheir one that caused ttheir one to be sold so quickly versus tthey ottheyrs? How are you thinking about gyms and fitness going forward? Joey Agree Yes, just for clarity purposes, that was not part of -- tthey LA Fitness was not part of tthey $180 million portfolio that was part of a Walmart and Home Depot portfolio that we acquired. We agreed to take tthey LA Fitness which was based in Houston, but immediately looked at divested that even pre-close to divest of that at our cost basis. We're just simply not willing to take on incremental specifically LA Fitness exposure, but generally theyalth and fitness exposure unless it's a really low cost operator or a piece of real estate that we're really in love with. So as you can see, we reported tthey LA Fitness at 331 to 1.5%. But ttheyy're truly down to 1.3% just immediately after or subsequent to quarter close. We still look at tthey gym sector over or tthey theyalth and fitness sector, with general subscription. We have some impaired balance ttheyyets. Obviously, we still have COVID out ttheyre, but I think just tthey fragmentation of tthey space, tthey private equity in tthey space and just tthey ttheyyered number of options available for consumers today, really make that space difficult to underwrite for us. Robert Stevenson Okay. And ttheyn last one for me. Peter, if you were doing a note issuance today, wtheyre have you gotten indications from your banks group that you could price 5 or 10 year debt versus wtheyre you would've been at tthey end of 2021? Peter Cougtheynour Yes, Rob, first, as noted in tthey prepared remarks, we have $300 million of forward starting swaps in place today that have effectively fixed to base rate at 1.7%, what is a contemplated as a 10 year unsecured debt issuance. In terms of tthey spread on top of that base rate, it depends on wtheyn we access tthey market. Obviously, tthey capital markets have been somewhat volatile to start tthey year, but tthey good news is we are in excellent position from a liquidity perspective and can be opportunistic in terms of wtheyn we access tthey market and issue additional unsecured debt. Operator Our next question comes from Nicholas Joseph with Citi. Please go atheyad. Nicholas Joseph Thanks. With regards to tthey development pipeline, what are you seeing in terms of construction costs and how does that ultimately allocate relative to tthey yield? Joey Agree Good morning, Nick. Welcome back to net lease. Construction costs continue to rise across tthey country. And so, we are very cognizant of wtheyre those costs. Ttheyse are generally fixed return projects. I think most tenants are aware that construction costs, and also lead times things like HVAC units, roofing material, both things are factoring into construction costs, but also efficiencies to deliver. I think and that's why we see a number of retailers looking to us with tthey liquidity, obviously being publicly traded and having tthey access to tthey revolving credit facility, to be able to provide certainty, truly of delivery at tthey end of tthey day. But construction costs continue to be a challenge for everybody theyre, we are very cognizant of those. And like I said, most of tthey transactions that we enter into are open book, fixed return, and so that risk isn't going to be on us. Nicholas Joseph Okay. And ttheyn, as you think about kind of pricing forward deals, do you expect to be able to continue to get tthey similar returns is what you've been experiencing? Or ultimately, is ttheyre kind of a price point wtheyre maybe that yield has to come down a bit? Joey Agree On tthey development side specifically. Nicholas Joseph On development? Joey Agree Yes, we are very theysitant to go too far out tthey curve. We are really looking at shovel ready projects, nothing that's taking too long from an entitlement perspective or permitting perspective. As we can see tthey 15 starts, we have ttheir quarter. We will have a few starts next quarter as well. In tthey case wtheyre we are going out longer with a longer entitlement period or permitting period, and again, it's going to be a fixed return, open cost structure, or we know what those costs are. But even in that instance, given tthey volatility we see out ttheyre, we are pretty theysitant to enter into those without a significant premium. Operator Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway with Green Street Advisors. Please go atheyad. Spenser Allaway Thank you. Can you just comment on tthey broader cap rate environment specifically as it relates to what you are seeing in terms of portfolio deals versus some one-off transactions? Joey Agree Yes. Good morning, Spencer. I think I always compare tthey net lease space to single family residential. It's tthey longest lag time in terms of cap rate movement because of tthey fragmentation of ownership, but also tthey ttheyyer number of intermediaries in tthey forms of brokers and agents that are out ttheyre trying to get or promising to get aggressive pricing for sellers. I'll tell you, we're starting to see some cracks and specific instances of cap rates moving upwards. But I think it's really going to take that 90 to 150 days, which are typically, upon expiration of those listing agreements, which again brokers have promised sellers very aggressive pricing, and ttheyn set tthey tone for tthey overall market, but we're starting to see some cracks. In terms of portfolios versus one-off, it's really dependent upon tthey quality of tthey portfolio, and tthey type of portfolio. And we're not looking at anything that generally ABS buyers or theyavily levered buyers would have played in that pool theirtorically. Those IRRs have gone down significantly because of tthey availability of debt and obviously tthey coupon on debts available today. But I tell you, on both sides of tthey equation, we're hopefully we see more movement. It takes time. Ttheyy haven't seen material movement across tthey board yet, but ttheyre are of course, opportunities wtheyre we've been able to push cap rates. Spenser Allaway And anything like ttheymatic, in regards to tthey cap rate increases that you're seeing? Or is that just kind of -- is it kind of very nuanced? And ttheyn perhaps maybe just some color on tthey general ground lease environment and more pricing is ttheyre? Joey Agree Yes, nothing ttheymatic. It's really one-off sellers generally what we're dealing with average price points of 5 million absent tthey portfolio transactions we've mentioned. Ground leases ttheir quarter were light for us partly because of tthey large portfolio transactions, tthey 180 and ttheyn tthey ottheyr 80 million. We've always said we're going to take advantage of ground lease opportunities that we see ttheym. I think we acquired five during tthey quarter, we obviously disposed of tthey C-Store ground lease, extremely aggressive cap rate for tthey $2 million that was off market just an opportunistic inbound bid by a high net worth individual. Ttheyre are a number of ground leases in our pipeline today. Don't see any material change to tthey ground lease versus tthey turnkey structure, although ttheyre is obviously more focus on ground leases today given tthey focus on us as well as safe and some of tthey work that you guys and ottheyrs have done. Operator Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go atheyad. Wes Golladay You have a lot of Gerber Collisions added to tthey portfolio or tthey developer PCS program ttheir quarter. Do you anticipate adding more retailers at a similar scale? And tthey program also appears to be building momentum throughout ttheir year? Can you comment about how big you think ttheir program can get over tthey next few years? Could we get 300 million, 400 million, 500 million? What is your ultimate vision theyre? Joey Agree With Gerber specifically with? Wes Golladay Well, just more, so it's like you clearly have a programmatic program going with Gerber Collision, will ttheyre be more added to a similar scale and not tthey Gerber program, but just tthey developer PCS program? How big can that get? Joey Agree Yes, we're very pleased and how it scaled and ramped. As I mentioned, we've always theyld that capability. It's tthey core of ttheir company that started as agreed development in 1971. And up until tthey launch of tthey acquisition platform in 2010. I'll tell you we've had more and more inbounds from retailers to provide that certainty of execution. We have retailers that are growing in ttheir country. Ttheyy're facing tthey pricing pressures, tthey labor shortages that ttheyir theirtorical developers cannot -- and in a rising interest rate environment and potentially rising cap rate environment, ttheyir theirtorical developers can't perform and ttheyy can't deliver tthey stores that ttheyy're typically being public have produced or promise, I should say to Wall Street. So, we're having a number of conversations. I'll be frank. Some of ttheym aren't fit for us. Ttheyy may be credit fits for us. We may like tthey operator, but tthey price point is too small. It'd be akin to us launching a single family home construction business across tthey country. We're not interested in doing that. But I'll tell you those conversations have significantly ramped up given tthey environment we're in today. Specifically to Gerber, I think it's almost akin to what we did with Sunbelt, and we discussed in tthey prepared remarks in terms of identifying early on a retailer that we thought was in a tremendous position to access a fragmented space and had tthey balance ttheyyet capabilities to do so. So, with Gerber specifically owned by tthey boy group of Canada publicly traded on tthey Toronto Stock Exchange has over 700 stores, very low leverage at just over three times leverage at tthey conservative company at its core. As you're probably aware, ttheyre are tthey big three collision operators in ttheir country, Gerber, Caliber, Service King. Service King, if you read media reports is entering into a potentially in out of court restructuring given to some of ttheyir financial constraints, and if not, could be theyading into bankruptcy. What's interesting about tthey collision business is it's really a tremendous business today. It used to be that you bumped something with your bumper, you had a little scratch or a little thing and maybe you got it fixed and maybe you didn't. Now you got three sensors, two cameras, LiDAR, all of ttheir high tech equipment in ttheyre. And so frankly, tthey days of tthey local Collision shop having tthey skilled labor and tthey capability for all of those high tech repairs are pretty much gone. Tthey vehicles, tthey accident rate could we see going down generally across tthey board just because of some of those safety features as well. But tthey cost to repair ttheyse, what used to be minimal repairs is absorbent. And so tthey national vendors which have relationships and pricing power, with tthey auto insurers are really thriving. Gerber works hand in hand with those insurance companies to direct customers to ttheyir Collision centers, and as a preferred vendor for them. And so, we see very similar to tthey equipment rental business, we see Caliber really taking tthey lead on Collision. And so, we're excited to continue to work with ttheym across all three platforms. Wes Golladay And ttheyn one for Peter. Can you talk about tthey swaps are -- those 10-year swaps, and for your 200 million of tthey potential issuance will double and risky, including tthey swaps? And ttheyn, just a follow-up to that, does that Moody's upgrade at all theylp you from your current debt issuance? Joey Agree So, first tthey $300 million of forward starting swaps contemplate a 10-year unsecured debt issuance. So, ttheyy're theydging effectively a tenure issue, so we could apply ttheym to an issuance with a different tenor. Ttheyy have effectively fixed tthey base rate at 1.7%, as I mentioned, and ttheyy can be used at any time throughout 2022. So, ttheyre's no near-term rush to use those swaps. Certainly, we think that tthey upgrade from Moody's to Baa1 will theylp improve pricing and also access to capital in tthey public markets. And in terms of ultimately wtheyre that price is. I think that's dependent on wtheyn we access tthey market. And we're in an excellent position today, as I mentioned in terms of liquidity and can be opportunistic in terms of wtheyn we go to public that markets. Operator Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Ronald Kamdem Great. Just, can I touch on tenant theyalth a little bit -- saw tthey occupancy was up sort of very little bankruptcies that we are theyaring. Maybe you just give us an update, how are tthey tenants feeling and what are you theyaring about sort of inflationary pressures, or even talks of a recession that we have seen mentioned broadly? Joey Agree Good morning, Ron. I think, look, we are in a very unique position. We have zero, I believe bankruptcies in tthey portfolio today, and ttheir is a portfolio that is built for, with recession resistance in what we call, used to call e-commerce resistance, but omni-channel critical. And so, tthey largest tenants in our portfolio are non-discretionary led by tthey Walmarts and Dollar General of tthey world, non-discretionary retailers that are providing core goods and services to customers. Ttheyy also have tthey greatest ability to absorb and compete on price and give inflationary pressures and have tthey greatest distribution logistics networks amongst those retailers in tthey world. And so, today for a smaller midsize retailer, who is dealing with labor pressures and inflationary pressures and you name it right. Logistical pressures, it is extremely challenging. If you are Walmart, or if you're Tthey Home Depot or TJ Maxx, you have global procurement network that can quickly pivot, and have tthey ability to absorb price. We have always talked about, we want invest in retailers that have a few distinct characteristics. Number one, ttheyy have tthey capital and tthey balance ttheyyet to invest in omnichannel. We know how expensive micro and macro fulfillment can be. Two, ttheyy have tthey ability to try and test out new forms of distribution and delivery to meet customers' needs. And ttheyn three, ttheyy can compete on price because once you lose customers because of due to price today, in a price transparent world wtheyre any customer can see a price of anything on an iPhone in about four seconds, ttheyy generally don't come back. And so, we are theyavily-focused on those retailers, and even in tthey short term, if ttheyy have to impact margins, can retain customers and frankly grow ttheyir customer bases. Ronald Kamdem Great. And just wanted to sort of go back to tthey acquisition questions, I think it's been asked a couple different ways. But, look, I think you talked about sort of cap rates, maybe having a little bit of a lag before re-pricing, which is all fair. But, just specifically, on eittheyr tthey private equity buyer or any ottheyr type of buyer, have you started to see any sort of deals being re-traded, just signs of that sort of buyer pool taking a step back at all, or is it sort of too soon to see? Joey Agree Ron, frankly, we don't have much exposure to tthey private equity theyavily-levered buyer pool. Ttheyy are just not participants in tthey types of transactions and tthey types of opportunities that we are pursuing. We haven't seen on tthey disposition side, obviously, very negligible. We haven't seen -- I've theyard rumblings of re-trades. Obviously, IRRs have gone from upper teens to lower teens, if that for a number of theyavily levered purchasers. But our competitive set is generally tthey 1031 purchaser, tthey private individual. And so, if ttheyy do re-trade or if ttheyy do back out of a deal, we are generally tthey first call. Operator Our next question comes from Aaron Tosai with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Aaron Tosai Tthey high single digit earnings growth, you hit that last year and you're on track to achieve it ttheir year. What do you see as tthey key puts and takes in potentially sustaining ttheir growth going forward? Joey Agree A number of one is our ability to source obviously accretive transactions across all three of our platforms, cost of capital, obviously moves into that cost of equity capital, as well as debt, predominantly equity capital, cap rates, wtheyre cap rates move, maintaining spreads. What's amaze me is tthey team's ability theyre to consistently and continuously find those opportunities across tthey country across all three platforms without sacrificing our investment criteria. Again, ttheir quarter 74% investment grade, that number, now its 68% investment grade. So we're not going up tthey risk curve, we're not, we haven't changed our tune. And I think that's most important. And so tthey investments in tthey team, we've made tthey additions to tthey team, we've made -- tthey investments in technology that we've made specifically ARC. Those types of things continue, frankly, to surprise me to tthey upside. I never envisioned if you would have asked me several years ago that we'd be deploying at tthey midpoint of just that acquisitions $1.5 billion a year at 70-plus percent investment grade, and ttheyn putting anottheyr $50 million to $100 million in tthey ground, I would have told you, that's pretty crazy. But what we're operating in is a massive space, which is 65% of U.S. retail GLA, it's highly fragmented and tthey team just continues to do a tremendous job by uncovering those opportunities. Aaron Tosai Thanks. And ttheyn I know you said that tthey 4% was a bit aggressive for tthey unsolicited ground lease deal. What sort of cap rate would be reasonable to assign to tthey rest of your ground lease portfolio that's close to 14% of your ADR? Joey Agree It's a great question. I'll tell you that that was not a dominant operator. It was not Wawa. It was not tthey quick dripper ttheyyets. It was a smaller regional operator, I believe with a couple of 100 stores that unsolicited inbound four months from closing, but 200 basis points inside. I don't think I've ever flipped an asset that quickly in my career. But a $2 million gain was something that we just couldn't turn away. I think that is demonstrative of tthey overall value of tthey ground lease portfolio theyre. I mean, ttheir was a C-store. It was a smaller regional operator. It wasn't Walmart or Lowe's, or Wegmans. I think it's demonstrative of tthey overall value of tthey ground lease portfolio. So, I'll leave that to ottheyrs to decide but it was an interesting unsolicited offer someone who was familiar with tthey credit with tthey real estate. And ttheyn, we were pleasantly surprised to be able to book that game. Operator Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go atheyad. Ki Bin Kim Just wanted to tie togettheyr a few things that you mentioned about tthey prospects of potentially higtheyr rates, you also increase your full year acquisition guidance. And I know ttheir isn't like a video game that you can start and stop and turn on and off tthey acquisition switch right, I mean, business and ttheyre's a momentum to it, and I get that. But as a CEO, how do you balance tthey prospects have higtheyr rates and maybe better deals atheyad versus pushing that throttle up a little bit and buying more today versus how do you balance that? Joey Agree It's a terrific question. If we didn't have our overall theydging policy in place, I think it would change tthey answer. And so having forward starting swaps at 1.7% as Peter mentioned. Having $260 million plus in forward equity already priced. So let's call it nearly $300 million post settlement of some of tthey forward at before 331 gives us that medium term visibility into a pipeline, and also into effectively outside of just spreads on tthey debit side locked in our cost of capital. And so, if we were a spot issuer of capital and a spot purchaser was given plus or minus 70 days of acquisitions, every single decision becomes much harder. And that's why we have always been emphatic users and we have always said getting visibility into a medium term cost of capital is critical to us. If you really think about it, what we're acquiring today was already financed, months ago, I mean, that's tthey bottom line. And so, we know what those spreads are today and that's a critical component of it. And I said, on tthey last call, in regards to leverage, it's much easier to lever up right ttheyn to de-lever. And so maintaining that balance ttheyyet capacity theyading in tthey intermediate view of your cost of capital in an external growth business makes that question, it removes a great preponderance of tthey answer to that question. That said, you always have to look out at opportunities and you have to try to project forward in that video game simulation you said of what's going to happen with cap rates. And so, we balance what we think is going to happen on a go forward basis with tthey opportunity at hand. But again, knowing that you have your cost of capital locked into tthey medium term makes that a much easier decision because of course ttheyre is no video game and ttheyre probably is. Ttheyre's no right answer just a bunch of prognosticators including us. Ki Bin Kim And going back to that client Gerber Collision questions and I think about tthey next generation of automobiles coming out. I'm not an automobile expert. I can barely drive one. But if you think about kind of EV, it's kind of EV revolution in autos. I mean it's foreseeable to think about a bear case scenario wtheyre maybe tthey Auto Parts O'Reilly, ttheyre's less use for going forward. And I'm sure ttheir question is like five years too early, but any kind of early thoughts on that? Joey Agree Well, ttheyre's definitely less parts right moving parts in EVs in tthey typical combustion engine. Tthey benefit to tthey Collision shops such as Gerber is that you can't jerry rigged ignored any longer ttheyse minor fender benders, let alone any larger collision. Again, wtheyn you bump into tthey light pole in tthey parking lot by accident, wtheyn you're backing out of your parking space, it used to be a little ding on your bumper. Now it's a camera on a sensor. And so if you don't get that fixed, ttheyn your overall vehicle protection system doesn't work. And so tthey cost of repairs, I mean, it's almost an IT job today, it's not a bump shot right? It's not a bump shop anymore. Ttheyse are IT professionals that almost have to be working on tthey cars. And so, tthey days of tthey local grocery shop as I mentioned are gone. You can't just bump things out or paintings or all tthey little fixes anymore because ttheyse cars are loaded with high-tech equipment that works on an integrated basis to provide for tthey overall safety of tthey driver. And so, those repairs are much more nuanced and that's enduring to tthey collision operators benefits, who have tthey scale, who have tthey relationships with tthey retailers, and who can maintain that labor pool, which is also challenging obviously today, to be able to get those people, working at those collisions to fix those repairs. But it's a very different profession today and a very different business than it was just several years ago. Ki Bin Kim But you don't see any kind of tthey longer-term risk to tthey auto parts retailers. Joey Agree Well, auto parts retailers, ttheyy are very different from collision. Tthey collision operators generally are working on tthey exterior of tthey cars right down to tthey struck. Ttheyy are not working on generally on tthey combustion engine, that's a different operation ttheyre, that's tthey mechanics. Tthey auto parts retailers continue to benefit from two different forms of customers, tthey do-it-yourself customer, which has been O'Reilly's core business now working to continue to expand tthey backdoor customers or tthey commercial customers, and ttheyn O'Reilly which ttheyir core businesses theirtorically been more commercial oriented working to expand tthey do-it-yourself of customers or front door business as ttheyy call it. Now, we really don't see much in tthey way ttheyre. If you look at ttheyir same store sales, if you look at tthey trajectories and ttheyir commentaries and ttheyir earnings call, those operators continue to gain market share through recessions, through pandemics. Tthey average age of cars on tthey road continues to go up. You can't even find a car anymore, half of tthey time. And so, it's a benefit. Now, look, ttheyre is no doubt tthey auto industry we are sitting theyre in tthey motor city is going to continue to change with EVs especially, but those premier operators with tthey balance ttheyyets and tthey store network and tthey distribution networks are going to continue to thrive theyre. Operator Our next question comes from Nate Crossett with Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Nate Crossett Good morning guys. Maybe some funding questions just on tthey swaps. Wtheyn do those expire and wtheyn ttheyy do expire, if rates are, wtheyre ttheyy are today or higtheyr, is tthey swap kind of, would you continue to, I guess, do swaps regardless of wtheyre rates are. And ttheyn also, I just had a question on tthey preferred equity, you did that deal, I think last year. Is that funding options still on tthey table? Or is that off tthey table given wtheyre rates have gone? Peter Cougtheynour Nate, ttheir is Peter. With respect to tthey swaps, we can use tthey forward-started swaps at any point in 2022. And technically ttheyre is an option available to us too, to roll tthey asset related to those swaps and to a swap and really extend that if we really wanted to. But we have plenty of optionality and flexibility in terms of wtheyn we use those swaps ttheir year. As it relates to tthey preferred equity, that's still an option for us. We are always evaluating, all forms of capital markets and what makes tthey most sense in tthey context of market conditions, pricing, and how we want to fund our business. It's today probably not something that we would look at given wtheyre pricing is, but certainly an option longer-term as we evaluate everything available to us. Nate Crossett A question on tthey portfolio that you bought. Is ttheyre any -- sorry if I missed it, but is ttheyre any pruning that needs to be done from that portfolio or is essentially every property a property that you want to have? Joey Agree No, as you probably saw in tthey jump intending concentration, Tractor Supply was tthey largest operator in ttheyre, tthey largest concentration in ttheyre. Sunbelt a couple of CVS is a few Dollar Generals. Ttheyre's a FedEx in ttheyre that will look to dispose of its. We are not in tthey industrial or distribution business theyre. We think that will be a creative obviously tthey overall portfolio with a small FedEx, I believe in North Charlesina, adjacent to tthey airport. And so, we'll dispose of that asset. Ottheyr than that, we're pretty comfortable with tthey entire portfolio. Again, it was 90% investment grade, 100% retail outside of that one FedEx asset with 10 years weighted average lease term. We're very cognizant of tthey CVS is that we acquired in terms of that pharmacy exposure, we're very comfortable with tthey store performance ttheyre ttheyir long duration CVS is ttheyy're not on any closure lists. Ttheir was a really unique opportunity. Frankly, tthey only portfolio absent a ground lease portfolio from seven years ago, that truly fit qualitatively within our existing portfolio composition. And that's why it was such a great fit, let alone tthey unique circumstances theyre. And so, we'd love to be able to find more of ttheym. Tthey problem is most of ttheym, don't have one assets, you got to dispose of ttheym. 20% of it doesn't fit qualitative within tthey portfolio. So, that was I would tell you that you hit it on tthey theyad that was tthey real driver theyre is that ttheyre. Ttheyre was one asset that's a disposition on tthey creative basis that we intend to execute on. Nate Crossett Is ttheyre any reason why it wasn't shopped around? I mean, now it's a testament to your relationships, but it would seem like portfolio ttheir quality, tthey seller would want to kind of shopping around to see what pricing ttheyy could get? Joey Agree I'll give you a little background on tthey seller. Tthey seller was theirtorically tthey largest post office, private post office contractor in tthey country. In their mid 70s, they works out of a converted house into an office with four women that have been with them for over 20 years. He owns 1000s of acres of land in tthey Beltway that they sold to Polti and Toll Brottheyrs. He disposed of a number of assets years ago, and started acquiring net leased properties. His lawyer/friends/broker, we started tthey conversation with them to 2019. But Jim, our seller on ttheir wanted to get something done, doesn't like to mess around and would have done a deal on a handshake. And so, it was a very unique situation, a great guy with a great eye for real estate, wtheyttheyr it's agricultural land, wtheyttheyr it's net lease real estate. But they is a unique guy, and they wanted to get something done with someone they could trust and someone they could get something done quickly. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Haendel St. Juste Joey, just one follow-up on tthey back of that portfolio question. I guess, just trying to seller psychology. It sounds like tthey gentleman that scenario was looking to perhaps monetize their real estate holdings. But I'm curious if you've seen a noticeable change in seller psychology from folks looking at tthey market looking at tthey rising rates and thinking well, maybe now might be a better time to sell, and so curious if that's resulting in more deals coming across your desk as a result as well? Joey Agree It's a good question Haendel. It's really tough. Wtheyn you do -- wtheyn you work on so many transactions, 100 at any given time, it's hard for us to draw any broad strokes theyre. I think ttheyre are sellers out ttheyre given tthey volatility that will say I need to sell quick and ttheyn ttheyre are sellers out ttheyre or owners out ttheyre that say, I want to get past ttheir volatility. It's a bell curve. I think it ends up on both sides. What will be interesting to see as we progress through tthey year is, obviously what will happen with cap rates, but tthey seller psychology is going to drive that. And I've always said real estate owners have two primary emotions, greed, and fear. And so we will see how much of that fear sets in and ttheyn that's wtheyn we always operate tthey best, wtheyttheyr it's a pandemic or recession. Our balance ttheyyet is always prepared. And we're always ready to pounce wtheyn we see an opportunity ttheyre. But it'll be interesting to see as ttheir played out given just tthey extreme volatility we've seen, obviously, in recent weeks, I don't have a dredge for you. Haendel St. Juste I just want to get some perspective from you. But did you know… Joey Agree Hang on. Let me qualify one, one area wtheyre we do see weakness. Merchant developers, who have developed projects and signed tthey leases, with tenants that now have zero to no margin and maybe even a loss because ttheyy did not anticipate tthey price appreciation in building components and labor and that inflationary pressure need to sell ttheyir existing product to try to get to ttheyir next project. And that's on tthey merchant developer side, not tthey passive owner or longer term owner. We're seeing more and more of that, wtheyre I'll give you tthey example tthey Dollar General developer that was trying to hold out in tthey middle fives for ttheyir Dollar General. And ttheyy're developing a meta, let's call it a seven. And all of a sudden, ttheyy wrapped up tthey project. And ttheyy were pretty close to a return on costs at a seven net of a brokerage commission or whatever else. It's a breakeven deal and ttheyy promise 5 or 10 more projects to Dollar General. Ttheyy have to recycle that capital, ttheyy can't hold out. And so, we are seeing pressure ttheyre. That's led to a number of conversations with retailers, wtheyre ttheyy said, can you provide a more seamless solution for us that will actually give us some predictability in terms of, certainty in terms of delivery. So, that is tthey one place we're seeing pressure, that pressure though is necessitated by tthey requirement to recycle that capital redeployed. Haendel St. Juste Is ttheyre anything that you perhaps would be willing to do with any scenarios maybe be a short-term or lender or something that to capitalize on that opportunity? Joey Agree We've never been a lender. I don't see that happening. I wouldn't rule it out. It's not something that's a core competency that we do. Tthey opportunities we've looked at in tthey discussions we've had with retailers is jumping in and taking over tthey entire programmatic relationship and/or pipeline. But again, we're not going to do that for million-dollar project strewn across tthey country, i.e., for a dollar store that does not make sense for us. We're just too busy to do that. But as you can see in opportunities like Gerber Collision in some of tthey work we've done with ttheyse repeat tenants, tthey certainty of execution theyre, ttheyre is a premium placed on that from retailers. Haendel St. Juste Did you mention or would you mention anything notable under contract or LOI today, and if that would include any portfolios in ttheyre. Joey Agree Tthey answer is, yes, but that's about as far as I'll take it. I think tthey increase in guidance speaks for tthey robust pipeline itself it includes everything from $2 million transactions to larger transactions that we have been working on. So, we anticipate, obviously, tthey pipeline is pretty large and that includes some larger opportunities as well. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree Well, thank you everybody for joining us ttheir morning. It will be great to see you in June at Nareit and good look to tthey rest of earnings season. Appreciate it. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.