Agree Realty Corp (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call October 24, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Joel Agree - CEO, President and Director  Kenneth Howe - Interim CFO Analysts Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup William Harman - Robert W. Baird & Co. David Corak - FBR Capital Markets Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott Daniel Donlan - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. George Hoglund - Jefferies LLC Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Agree Realty's third quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me ttheir morning is Ken Howe, our interim Chief Financial Officer. I am pleased to report anottheyr strong quarter as we continue to execute on our operating strategy. During tthey quarter, we furttheyr strengttheyned our industry-leading portfolio through high-quality investment activity and proactive asset management while also solidifying our leading balance ttheyyet through strategic capital markets transactions. While our real estate transactional activity has continued to scale, our focus on building our company via people, processes and systems are at its core. We have added several outstanding key members during tthey past 12 months. Ttheir quarter, we are very pleased to have welcomed Phil Carbone to our team as Director of Transactions. Phil has over 15 years of extensive experience in real estate transactions, including acquisitions and dispositions, leasing, financing and sale-leaseback. Phil has made an immediate impact to facilitating our transactional activity, and we are lucky to have them on board theyre at Agree. With 32 team members today, we've more than doubled tthey size of our teams since 2015. We've added key personnel in accounting, construction development and diligence. Notably, we've increased tthey size of our acquisition teams from 2 people in 2015 to 7 team members today. While building our team to scale, we've also managed to reduce our G&A as a percentage of total revenues by roughly 240 basis points since tthey beginning of 2015 and approximately 600 basis points in tthey past 5 years. Likewise, our focus on systems improvements have begun to bear fruit. During ttheir past year, we have automated accounts payable, implemented a CRM system, enhanced our project management capabilities and installed a compretheynsive data warehouse and planning analytics software. We have also worked to streamline and improve processes. Our operational team has been undergoing Lean training, working to eliminate waste and optimize all areas of our business. Similarly, we have launctheyd a professional development program to build, coach and mentor our growing management team. While ttheyse initiatives don't directly show up in our results, ttheyy have positioned our company to best manage its current as well as anticipated future growth. Moving on to our standard update. In tthey third quarter, we invested $69 million in 19 high-quality retail net lease properties via our 3 external growth platforms. Of those investments, 14 properties were sourced through our acquisition platform, resulting in total acquisition volume of approximately $55 million for tthey quarter. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.4% and had a weighted average remaining lease term of 11.2 years. Of note, 44% of rent acquired during tthey quarter, comes from ground leased properties, wtheyre tthey company owns tthey fee simple interest in tthey real estate and tthey tenant has paid for and constructed ttheyir building and/or improvements. Tthey acquired properties are located across 12 states and are leased to 12 industry-leading tenants. Ttheyse tenants operate in 9 sectors, including off-price retail, convenience stores, auto parts, tire and auto service, theyalth and fitness and home improvement. Tthey properties acquired during tthey quarter derived 64% of annualized base rent from investment-grade tenants and include Lowe's, T.J. Maxx, Burlington Coat Factory, O'Reilly Auto Parts and AutoZone. During tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we have invested in 70 properties in 29 states, representing record investment volume of $279 million. Of tthey $279 million invested year-to-date, we sourced a record $239 million through our acquisition platform. Tthey 61 properties acquired through tthey first 3 quarters are leased to 45 sector-leading retail tenants operating in more than 20 sectors. Over half of tthey properties that we've acquired year-to-date are leased to investment-grade retail tenants. Given our record acquisition volumes through tthey first 9 months of tthey year and our theyalthy pipeline, we are increasing our 2017 acquisition guidance to a range of $300 million to $325 million. While able to raise our acquisition guidance for tthey year, I want to stress that we remain disciplined through our rigorous underwriting standards that emphasize retail real estate fundamentals, including adaptability, retail synergy, visibility, demographic trends, traffic patterns and access. We combined our bottoms-up analysis of real estate fundamentals with an acute focus on industry-leading retailers in sectors that have compelling omnichannel platform, a value-oriented business model or a service component. Our company has achieved record investment volume through tthey first 3 quarters while deploying capital into assets that are of tthey higtheyst quality. We anticipate ttheir distinct focus on quality to not only remain consistent but become even more stringent. We do not view it as prudent to move up tthey risk curve in a dynamically changing environment. Our focus is to serve to strengttheyn our best-in-class portfolio and increase exposure to leading e-commerce resistant and omnichannel retailers. Our current investment pipeline consist of a number of such high-quality opportunities that are driven by our holistic approach to retail net lease real estate investment. We are excited about and look forward to updating you on ttheyse opportunities as ttheyy come to fruition. Turning to our development in Partner Capital Solutions platforms. We are pleased to announce that construction commenced on 2 new projects during quarter. Tthey company's first project with leading Burger King franctheiree, TOMS King, is underway in North Ridgeville, Ohio. Tthey project, which is subject to a new 20-year net lease, is on sctheydule for our first quarter 2018 delivery. Total project costs are anticipated to be approximately $2 million. Construction activity has also commenced in our third Camping World project in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Anticipated total project costs are approximately $9.6 million. Tthey project is subject to a new 20-year net lease, and we anticipate rent to commence in full by tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2018. During tthey quarter, construction continued on our 3 previously announced development in Partner Capital Solutions projects. Tthey company's first project with Art Van Furniture located on Ford Road in one of tthey state's dominant retail trade areas in Canton, Michigan is progressing on sctheydule. We anticipate full rent to commence wtheyn tthey store opens in tthey first quarter of next year. Construction is also ongoing in our 2 Mister Car Wash projects located in Urbandale, Iowa and Bernalillo, New Mexico. Tthey projects, which represents tthey company's first 2 ground-up developments with Mister Car Wash, are subject to 2 new 20-year net leases. We anticipate construction completion and rent commencement on both projects by tthey end of ttheir year. During tthey quarter, Orchard Supply Hardware in Boynton Beach, Florida celebrated its grand opening and commenced paying rent. Orchard Supply Hardware previously executed a 15-year net lease that is guaranteed by Lowe's Companies, which carries an A- credit rating from S&P. Along with Sunnyvale, California, ttheir is tthey second Orchard Supply Hardware in our portfolio. Year-to-date, we have 9 development or PCS projects completed during or under construction that represent more than $57 million of total committed capital. We are pleased with our performance through tthey first 9 months of tthey year and remain excited about tthey opportunities in our pipeline. As demonstrated with Wawa, Mister Car Wash, Burger King, Camping World and ottheyr leading retailers, our ability to be a full-service net lease real estate solution makes us a compelling partner for growing retailers. While we had a record investment year across our 3 external growth platforms, we've also looked to strengttheyn and diversify our portfolio through disposition activity. Ttheyse efforts continued in tthey third quarter as we sold 4 properties for gross proceeds of approximately $7.8 million. Through tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we have sold 7 properties for total gross proceeds of approximately $30.4 million. Ttheyse sales have resulted in aggregated net gain of more than $10 million. As a result of our disposition activities and tthey continued growth of our portfolio, our Walgreens exposure has been reduced to 8.5% at quarter end, well below our stated goal of sub-10% by year-end. In just tthey past year, we've decreased our Walgreens exposure by roughly 420 basis points, down from 12.7% at tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2016. We are committed to bringing our concentration below 5% by year-end 2018. Overall, pharmacy exposure fell to 13.2% at quarter end, down from 17.5% or roughly a full 430 basis point reduction year-over-year. Moving forward, we will continue to look for opportunities to advantageously dispose of assets and redeploy capital as well as divest of lower-tier assets that aren't representative of our high-quality portfolio. In addition to dispositions, our asset management team has been proactively addressing upcoming lease maturities. During tthey quarter, we executed new leases, extensions or options at approximately 48,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Year-to-date, we've completed renewals or extensions on 25 pending lease maturities, including 5 leases that were set to expire in 2018, representing approximately 480,000 square feet of gross leasable space. We have no remaining lease maturities in 2017, and our 2018 maturities currently represent just 1.3% of annualized base rent. As of September 30, our growing retail portfolio consisted of 425 properties in 43 states. Our tenants are comprised primarily of industry-leading retailers operating in more than 28 distinct retail sectors. With 45% of annualized base rents coming from tenants with an investment-grade credit rating, tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.7% and has a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.5 years. Today, our ground lease portfolio represents 8.2% of our portfolio's annualized base rents. 85% of ttheyse ground leases are with leading retailers that have investment-grade credit rating. Tthey weighted average remaining lease term of our ground lease portfolio is greater than 12 years and continues to present an extremely stable, attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. Thank you for your patience. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Ken to discuss our financial results for tthey third quarter. Ken? Kenneth Howe Thanks, Joey. Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, please note that during ttheir call, we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, we discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. As announced in yesterday's press release, total rental revenue, including percentage rents, for tthey third quarter of 2017 was $27.3 million, an increase of 22.6% over tthey third quarter of 2016. Year-to-date, total rental revenue has increased 26% over tthey comparable period in 2016 to $76.7 million. General and administrative expenses were approximately 8.2% of total revenue, representing a decrease of roughly 20 basis points year-over-year as compared to 8.4% of total revenue in tthey third quarter of 2016. We anticipate that G&A as a percentage of total revenue will be around 8.5% for tthey full year. Funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $20 million, representing an increase of 23.2% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $0.69 per share, a 1.6% increase as compared to tthey third quarter of 2016. Funds from operations for tthey first 9 months of 2017 was $55 million, representing an increase of 29% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, FFO increased to $2 per share, a 5.7% increase compared to tthey first 9 months of last year. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey third quarter was $19.9 million, representing an increase of 26.2% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, AFFO increased to $0.69 per share, a 4.1% increase as compared to tthey third quarter of last year. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey first 9 months of 2017 was $54.8 million, representing an increase of 29.8% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis, AFFO increased to $2 per share, a 6.4% increase as compared to tthey first 9 months of 2016. Turning to our capital markets activities. We issued 589,093 shares of common stock through our at-tthey-market equity program during tthey quarter, raising gross proceeds of approximately $29.2 million. Ttheyse proceeds were used to efficiently match fund our investment activities. On September 20, we completed a private placement of $100 million principal amount of senior unsecured notes. Tthey notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.19% and have a 12-year term, maturing on September 20, 2029. Tthey all-in pricing represented 165 basis points above tthey 12-year interpolated U.S. Treasury curve at tthey time of pricing. In addition to tthey private placement, we also entered into 2 separate uncommitted $100 million private placement ttheyylf agreements during tthey quarter. Tthey ttheyylf agreements will allow us to issue additional senior unsecured notes to tthey investors at terms to be agreed upon at tthey time of any issuance. At quarter end, no notes have been issued under tthey ttheyylf agreement. Our capital market activities are emblematic of our conservative approach to opportunistically accessing attractively priced capital and managing our balance ttheyyet for continued growth. As of September 30, 2017, total debt to enterprise value was approximately 25.2% and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which includes principal amortization, was a theyalthy 4.1x. Furttheyrmore, net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.7x, below tthey low end of our stated leverage range of 5 to 6x. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.55 per share on October 13 to stockholders of record on September 29, 2017. Tthey quarterly dividend represents a 5.2% increase over tthey $0.48 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey third quarter of 2016. Tthey company had paid 94 consecutive cash dividends since its IPO in 1994. Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey third quarter of 2017 were 73% of FFO and 74% of AFFO. Both payout ratios are at tthey low end of tthey company's target ranges and reflect a very well-covered dividend. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joel Agree Thank you, Ken. Our balance ttheyyet is in a fantastic position to continue to execute our operating strategy. At ttheir time, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Collin Mings To start, Joey, can you just update us on tthey CFO search and if you expect to have someone in place on a permanent basis by year-end? Joel Agree Yes, sure. Look, it's been a great process for us. Dan Ravid, our Chief Administrative Officer, has been really running it and doing a fantastic job. We've interviewed, vetted and scored over 30 candidates, a lot of talented people with frankly, a really diverse set of backgrounds. I tell you, at tthey same time, it's almost been a blessing in disguise for us in tthey sense that it's given us an opportunity to see wtheyre any potential holes were, but frankly, to showcase our bench strength and tthey increased size of our team and tthey growth of individuals theyre. And I think that's been tthey most interesting piece for me personally over tthey past couple of months, watching our team flourish and not skip a beat. As you can see in tthey capital markets side, we didn't a beat with tthey debt private placement as well as tthey ATM activity during tthey quarter. And with all that said, we think we've got a final list of candidates. We're going to bring ttheir process to a theyad fairly shortly. And we're confident we're going to find tthey right person that's a cultural fit for ttheir team and can professionally would be tthey right partner to theylp us take us to tthey next level. And tthey last thing, I would be remiss if I didn't thank Ken for stepping in. He's been theyre since tthey start of ttheir company and continues to be an important part. So thank you again, Ken. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn switching gears as far as tthey increase to acquisition guidance. Can you just maybe expand a little bit more on tthey pipeline theyre and going into 4Q? It appears as if even at tthey low end of tthey range, ttheyre will be a modest acceleration in activity relative to 3Q, recognize ttheyre could be just some seasonality associated with that, but just talk a little bit more about that pipeline. And in particular, as far as tthey potential ground lease opportunity, again, as you touctheyd on your prepared remarks,picked up a few of those during tthey quarter. So just more color on tthey pipeline would be theylpful. Joel Agree Yes. So I'll start with tthey last point about tthey ground lease. As you can see, our ground lease exposure ticked up during tthey quarter. We acquired some great assets, tthey Lowe's, tthey SuperAmerica, a CVS paying approximately $110,000 a year, $10 a foot on a ground lease. If you look at tthey risk adjusted returns ttheyre plus our cost of capital, ttheyse are really great investments with -- and creates a very unique portfolio at over 8% of our portfolio currently being ground leased. Ttheyy're not much better in terms of net lease in terms of safety, security and residuals wtheyn you don't pay for tthey building and improvements. Our pipeline has a diverse and unique set of opportunities, one-off opportunities, both small and large as well as some portfolios as well. And so our team theyre, which I stated in my prepared remarks, at 7 people and growing, continues to uncover unique opportunities of that we're confident we're going to execute on in tthey fourth quarter. And again, our focus is going to continue to be on quality. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we don't see ttheir as an opportune time to move up tthey risk curve. We're looking for best-in-class operators in those sectors, which we are wholly comfortable. In a dynamically changing environment, we're focused on top-tier assets and top-tier real estate. Operator Our next question comes from Nick Joseph of Citigroup. Nicholas Joseph Joey, wtheyn you look across tthey retail sectors you have exposure to, which do you think have tthey most risk from disruption? And ttheyn how do you think about preemptively positioning tthey portfolio for any potential changes? Joel Agree Yes. It's a great question. I tell you, it's really tthey inverse of how we think of retail sectors that we're going to target. And so if a business model selling hard or soft goods is easily replicable online, doesn't present that value proposition, doesn't provide for an experience for tthey customer that is compelling enough or convenient enough for ttheym to enter into a brick-and-mortar retail outlet, ttheyn that is not typically something that we are overly attracted to. And in tthey converse, it's not something we're going to continue to acquire and we'll look to potentially dispose of. General merchants, department stores, those types of operations to us, which don't have a differentiated strategy and frankly, can't differentiate ttheymselves in an omnichannel world, are among tthey sectors that we're not overly attracted to. At tthey same time, office supplies is a sector, obviously, books, all those fairly obvious sectors wtheyre you see tthey disruption coming from tthey seamless integration online. Nicholas Joseph How about your existing sectors, pharmacy or grocery stores, how do you think about those in tthey changing landscape? Joel Agree Yes. I'll use it to touch on tthey Amazon rumors into pharmacy. First, while I hate to touch on those rumors, I know that ttheyy're top of mind for everybody and obviously topical in terms of tthey newspapers and tthey news. Every week, it seems to be something new. That said, relative to pharmacy, I'll talk a couple of important points. One, pharmacy intheyrently represent a last-mile solution for most people. Pharmacies are located 1 mile to 2 miles from everybody's homes. Ttheyy have ease of access, immediate parking adjacent to tthey building and drive-through windows. I just don't believe that most people in ttheir country need everything delivered to ttheyir home, sitting on ttheyir front porch. Traversing a mall or a large-format store is one thing. Stopping at a pharmacy or convenience store on your way home and your natural traffic pattern is nothing. So it takes a long time to frankly dismember, unwrap and ttheyn break down a box. I think it takes longer frankly ttheyn to pop into your local Walgreens or CVS at times. Second, I think, prescriptions have a time element to receipt. I think customers typically need prescriptions fairly quickly. Tthey front end of tthey stores, well, tthey majority of tthey profitability or EBITDA is tied to convenience items, run in, grab, get your toothpaste, top in, get your greeting card and go. And ttheyn lastly, while we remain believers in tthey pharmacy space, I will tell all investors just to look at what we've accomplittheyyd to ttheyir diversification efforts and our portfolio. Pharmacy overall has been reduced from 30% of ABR to 13.2% in less than 3 years. Walgreens, obviously, our largest tenant, has taken down to 8.5% from 22% in less than 3 years. So we're very comfortable with our exposures. We're committed to taking Walgreens down to sub-5% not because we don't believe in tthey tenant or tthey business, but we think it's tthey right thing to do to divest and redeploy on an accretive basis ttheyre, and you'll continue to see that trajectory. And we have a Walgreens under contract to sell currently we anticipate closing into Q4. Nicholas Joseph One just on tthey balance ttheyyet. You've talked before about net debt to recurring EBITDA. I think tthey target range has been 5 to 6x. But ttheir year, you've been sub-5 throughout tthey year. So just curious if your thoughts have changed on target leverage or if it's more just a reflection of tthey current attractive equity cost to capital. Joel Agree Well, I tell you, our thoughts haven't changed. I think, obviously, we reported net debt to recurring EBITDA at quarter end. In Q2 obviously, we were well north of 5x before we accessed tthey equity markets. Ttheir quarter, we opportunistically accessed tthey ATM markets in addition to tthey $100 million debt private placement to really match fund on an efficient basis and a really effective basis our pipeline across all 3 platforms. And given our increased investment guidance, we think, on a risk-adjusted basis, it made sense for us to opportunistically access that capital source and use that tool. Operator Our next question comes from R.J. Milligan of Baird. William Harman Ttheir is Will Harman on for R.J. Just was wondering if you could talk about what has changed throughout tthey course of ttheir year that's prompted you to be more aggressive with your external growth in 2017. Joel Agree Well, I would tell you that we're opportunists at our core. We look at real estate transactions from that bottoms-up approach that I talked about with that top-down lens. And we will continue to transact on opportunities that we think fits qualitatively and quantitatively. And tthey growing team theyre continues to uncover fantastic opportunities across all 3 platforms. Our balance ttheyyet and our liquidity, we're in a position to execute on ttheym and we're going to continue to do so. Obviously, we raised tthey acquisition guidance to $300 million to $325 million. That's dependent 100% on tthey opportunities that our team theyre uncovers. It's not dependent upon us saying, "We want to deploy more capital." It's a granular approach. We're strategic, we're sharpshooters. We look at billions of dollars, we transact on millions of dollars. And so we'll continue to execute on those transactions which frankly fit, and it changes weekly. Tthey investment committee theyre meets 2x a week and we see new opportunities ttheyrein. William Harman And ttheyn with your updated guidance, it implies about $70 million in acquisitions to close in Q4 to hit your midpoint. Just curious if any of that is currently under contract and if ttheyse are one-off deals. Or are you looking at a larger portfolio of deal that you may close ttheyre in Q4? Joel Agree So, no large portfolios in ttheyre. It's fair to assume ttheyy're under binding agreement and/or we have already closed on those during tthey quarter. And ttheyre are opportunities that are frankly representative -- some fairly unique opportunities in terms of demographic underlying real estate. And ttheyn with a continued emphasis on tthey sectors that we find favorable in ttheir environment, tire auto service, home improvement, convenience stores, off-price retail, tthey leaders within those sectors that are continue -- to create what we think is tthey higtheyst quality net lease portfolio in tthey country. William Harman And ttheyn just last question, Four Corners recently completed a deal with Washington Prime, acquiring a portfolio [indiscernible] ttheyse restaurant properties. Did you look at [indiscernible]? Are ttheyre any of tthey ottheyr mall REITs looking to monetize some of ttheyir out-parceled properties? Joel Agree No, and my hats off to Bill. Bill is a friend of mine, and I think they did a great job at Four Corners. Our focus really isn't on tthey restaurant space. Our focus theyre is really on those brick-and-mortar retailers in some of tthey sectors that I named. While we have restaurant exposure and we continue to create value, most recently with ttheir Tom's King development that we announced, our focus really is outside of tthey restaurant space, unless we find something value-add through one of tthey 3 external growth platforms. In terms of working with REITs, both mall REITs, shopping center REITs at tthey time, given that lease REITs, we work with ttheym on a fairly frequent basis. We've transacted with a number of mall REITs and shopping centers REITs over tthey past 12, 18 months. And we continue to look at opportunities from our peers in tthey retail space. Operator Our next question comes from David Corak of FBR. David Corak So it looks like a higtheyr percentage of your acquisitions ttheir quarter had rated tenants, so a nice pickup ttheyre. But just curious, based on your comments in tthey past and on tthey call today, just focusing on tthey ground-up underwriting, real estate and sector-leading retailers, just less of an exact focus on IG tenants in general. Has anything changed ttheyre in tthey past 90 days? Are you more inclined to pay up for rated credit? Are ttheyre deals out ttheyre that are just more attractive? Or are we just kind of reading into that too much? Any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Joel Agree No change ttheyre. Ttheyre's a whole host of tenants out ttheyre that are unrated, some even sub-investment-grade that we are -- that are fantastic operators. You'll see, we acquired a Burlington Coat factory during tthey quarter. It's really just a focus on quality. Inclusive of tthey ground lease assets that we acquired, I would tell you that tthey investment-grade exposure is circumstantial ttheyre. Obviously, tthey portfolio ticked up north of 45% investment grade during tthey quarter. Tthey ground lease opportunities were fairly unique. Again, our focus is discreet. It is highly targeted. We don't think it's a good time and it's frankly not in our D&A to go up tthey risk curve. Given our cost of capital and our ability to source unique assets, we're confident we're going to continue to uncover some fantastic opportunities. David Corak Okay, great. And ttheyn kind of a 2-part question theyre. Can you talk a little bit about tthey cap rate environment? It looks like ttheyre were some compression in C stores and autos specifically, but just wondering what you're seeing in tthey market? And ttheyn can you give us a sense to what tthey pricing looks like on ttheyse kind of high-quality ground lease assets versus kind of some of tthey ottheyr things you acquired ttheir quarter? Joel Agree Yes. Generally, we haven't seen movement in cap rates overall. But you're right and we've talked about it. We've seen sectoral movement, obviously, tthey tire stores, which you mentioned, tthey home improvement stores. In terms of our acquisitions specifically, I wouldn't read through to tthey cap rates. Ttheyy're a small sample set. Oftentimes, ttheyre are additional elements to those transactions which we don't publicly disclose. We're working with a tenant, we're doing something unique to tthey lease. And so it's probably not a great sample set in terms of tthey overall cap rate environment, which is fairly stable. Ttheyre are sectors wtheyre we've seen some compression. Ttheyre are sectors wtheyre we've seen some cap rate expansion. Most of that is theyadline related or tthey ability for private purchasers to access that. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson of Janney. Robert Stevenson Joey, just one for me. I mean, you talked before about tthey realistic threat from an Amazon. But given tthey theyadline, does it have any impact on near-term cap rates, eittheyr achievable on a disposition? Or does it weaken ttheym enough that a well-located asset might wind up being discounted enough that you'd want to add to your portfolio selectively theyre as people sort of worry about ttheir and tthey market more from a top line standpoint than from an optional operation standpoint? Joel Agree Is your question, Rob, specific to pharmacy or any of tthey recent Amazon rumors or theyadlines? Robert Stevenson Well, mostly pharmacy. I mean, I mean, some high net worth individuals that's going to -- that might buy a Walgreens seemingly might get scared off given tthey recent theyadline. And so wondering to what extent that has negative connotations for disposition cap rates, but also positive implications that well-located Walgreens could trade 75 or 100 basis points outside wtheyre it might have a year ago. Joel Agree Yes. Honestly, I think acute net lease purchasers are frankly conditioned to tthey Amazon theyadlines. Ttheyy come out once or twice a week now of Amazon entering different retail spaces. We haven't seen any movement in cap rates one way or anottheyr. It's one thing for Amazon if and if ttheyy do enter tthey pharmacy space to enter it and disrupt it. It's anottheyr thing for ttheym to operationally affect tthey Walgreens and CVSs of tthey world. So we haven't seen those rumors trickle down. What we have seen is just generally a continued flight to safety. And frankly, people have gotten in line between tthey strategy, which we've been expounding upon since 2011 in terms of e-commerce. And so like I mentioned previously, tthey theyalth and fitness, tire and auto service, home improvement, convenience stores, off-price retail, auto parts, those sectors were perceived. Safety is ttheyre from tthey overall Internet threat. We've seen, typically driven by brokers, some cap rate compression. But in terms of Amazon potentially entering tthey pharmacy space, we haven't seen anything ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Dan Donlan of Ladenburg Thalmann. Daniel Donlan Joey, just wanted to talk a little bit about tthey Camping World development in Grand Rapids. Is that project going to have any type of Gander Outdoor component to it? I know that ttheyy've kind of talked about potentially incorporating that into ttheyir new stores. So just kind of curious how that looks because it looks like tthey development costs are a little bit higtheyr than tthey one, I think, you're building in or build in eittheyr Kentucky or Tennessee? Joel Agree Well, ttheir was an opportunity again that's pretty close to our backyard in Grand Rapids. So tthey 60,000-foot existing dealership and retail store -- previously, Camping World operated tthey retail store, only not tthey dealership. We'll be adding about 20,000 square feet to tthey project overall. So it will end up 80,000 square feet. Ttheir is a 20-acre site, immediately off of tthey freeway. It's a great location at tthey interchange, outpositioning a number of competitors. So it is different from tthey Georgetown opportunity, which was a ground-up development. Ttheir is a PCS project for us, existing dealership, expansion, renovation, Camping World taking over tthey existing dealer while it theirtorically operated tthey retail store. Daniel Donlan Okay. Is ttheyre any Gander Outdoor component to it? Joel Agree No. No, no Gander Outdoor component to ttheir. Ttheir will be a traditional Camping World once tthey -- and ttheyy've already establittheyyd ttheyy're taking over tthey retail outlet ttheyre. Daniel Donlan Okay. And ttheyn tthey Camping World's CEO has talked about potentially building new Gander Outdoors. Is that something that ttheyy have talked to you about? Is that something that you're interested in doing? Just kind of curious of your desire ttheyre. Joel Agree Yes. Look, we think very highly of tthey Camping World management team. Marcus and Brent and team ttheyre have done obviously a great job. Ttheyy're all over tthey championship series if you're watching baseball. We talked about a number of differentiated tthey opportunities, inclusive of development, nothing near term on tthey horizon ttheyre. Again, our focus is it typically isn't on new concepts, just unestablittheyyd operators and establittheyyd brands and really those leading operators in tthey sectors that we're targeting. Daniel Donlan Okay. And ttheyn kind of [indiscernible] to your next question just given kind of -- about leading operators. I know you touctheyd a little bit on it in anottheyr question. But I'm just curious of your thought process behind maybe a Best Buy or even a Barnes & Noble. I know that ttheyse are sectors that are not exactly e-commerce resistant. But you only have really one major player now in those verticals. So I'm curious if that's something that may interest you, in Best Buys, Office -- all-time highs from a stock price perspective. So is ttheyre any thought process ttheyre that has [indiscernible] really picked over tthey competition, in particular market, that maybe ttheyn you start to look at, tthey only brick–and–mortar guy left? Joel Agree No, look, it's a great question and you're 100% right. Best Buy is tthey last man standing and Barnes & Noble outside of some local independence is obviously tthey last man standing in tthey books. We don't red line any opportunity. I will tell you, for us, to execute on any such opportunity ttheyre, it will typically have to be a value-add component to it. Ttheyy will be above yield or compelling real estate. And so on a risk-adjusted basis -- and I think you're right, best Buy has been effectively derisked. I think Barnes and Noble has potentially a different place than Best Buy is today. But tthey management team over ttheyre has done a great job and we have a good relationship. But we'll look at any real estate opportunity on a one-off basis. And if we can outsize value and we think risk adjusted, it makes sense or we see something long term in tthey real estate, we wouldn't theysitate to execute. Daniel Donlan Okay, that's very theylpful. And tthey maybe just on tthey Burger King transaction with TOMS King, is ttheir a one-off deal? Or do you think ttheir could potentially be part of a larger series of developments with that franctheiree? Just kind of what you've done with Meridian. Joel Agree Yes. TOMS King, just a little background, top 10 Burger King franctheiree in tthey country, over 100 locations in tthey Midwest, Jordanina, Pennsylvania and I believe, Roy. TOMS King is a fantastic operator. We're excited about ttheir opportunity. It really builds upon what we have been doing with Meridian. We wouldn't anticipate and necessarily be a one-off opportunity and we'll continue to look for things with leading franctheirees in terms of development in PCS. Daniel Donlan Okay. And ttheyn just an update on kind of Rite Aid, Walgreens. I can't remember tthey stores that ttheyy bought from Rite Aid. That was known at tthey time on tthey last conference call. But just kind of curious what you think tthey impact to tthey footprint is versus what you thought it was last quarter or tthey quarter before. Joel Agree Yes. We haven't gotten anything definitive from Walgreens and/or Rite Aid. We believe that ttheyre are 3 stores in tthey geographic territory that Walgreens is effectively acquiring tthey Rite Aid operations. Those are really in New York and New Jersey. We haven't gotten anything definitive ttheyre yet. We continued conversations with both of ttheym, and as soon as we know, we'll let everybody else know. Daniel Donlan Okay. And ttheyn just curious on volumes. Ttheyre's been talk and chatter, it seems to happen like every couple of years that tthey 1031 exchange rules could go away. Has that influenced, you think, volumes at all? Or could it influence volumes at all as we're talking about tax reform coming into year-end? Joel Agree We haven't seen any impact. Ttheyre continues to be an availability of nonrecourse financing. That CMBS market is alive and well. Any rumors of tthey 1031 displacement has not affected transactional activity, cap rates or anything we've seen. What happens in terms of potential tax reform package, if immediate expensing does replace tthey 1031 rules, current rules, IRS rules, I think it will be interesting to see if that effectively offsets really tthey impact ttheyre. That's, we think, passive real estate. And I believe passive real estate owners want to be passive real estate owners. So I think tthey tax treatment ttheyre could effectively be an offset if those 2 rule changes came into fruition. All in all, probably our number one competitor in our acquisition realm is tthey 1031 buyer and tthey private buyer. We very rarely, if ever, run into anottheyr publicly traded REIT or even a nontraded REIT. It's anottheyr purchaser that nobody has ever theyard of. So if we can eliminate that purchaser from our competitive set in terms of tthey granular acquisition activity that we typically execute on, we think that's advantageous. Operator Our next question comes from George Hoglund of Jefferies. George Hoglund Most of my questions have been answered. So I guess, just one last thing. If you could just provide a little bit of color on leasing done during tthey quarter in terms of -- looking at spreads on new versus renewal leases. And just what kind of capital did you have to put into those leases? And ttheyn also just in general, how common is it to basically replace a tenant on a net lease profit wtheyn you get to tthey end of tthey renewal period? Joel Agree Yes. So all of our 2017 maturities had now been -- ttheyy've been taken care of with minimal or if any, capital requirements. Our leasing teams theyre, led by Mark Brand, has done a fantastic job in terms of 2017. Typically, ttheyse are options -- contractual options that are exercised by tthey tenants that have fixed bumps. Obviously, minimal rollover during tthey quarter, but you can assume that any rollover has somewtheyre between 50 and 150 basis points on an annual basis of growth, typically every 5 years. In terms of our 28 expirations, we're in fantastic shape. As I mentioned, today, we currently sit at 1.3% aggregate expirations, really no sizable expirations in ttheyre. And we think ttheyre are some opportunities in tthey portfolio and our team is well atheyad of those expirations and working on ttheym, as I mentioned, in tthey prepared remarks. George Hoglund Okay. And ttheyn just one last thing is, how often is it that you'll actually replace a tenant on a net lease property if someone wants to exit? Joel Agree I would tell you, specific to us, we have had very little turnover. At tthey same time, we aren't typically holding assets until ttheyy're dark and ttheyn looking to release ttheym. If we don't like tthey trend, if we don't like tthey creditor, tthey underlying real estate or something doesn't conform any longer to tthey quality of our portfolio, we'll look to dispose of it. And so frankly, in our portfolio, we have done very little replacement of those tenants. I think it's one, a function of tthey credit quality; two, a function of tthey lease structure; and ttheyn three, really tthey nascency of our portfolio. If not tthey majority, most of tthey rollover we have in 2018 is really legacy assets that tthey company originally developed. So those are very low basis, at least a number of ttheym are at $2 a foot. And so we think ttheyre's some embedded opportunities that those tenants don't exercise ttheyir contractual options. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Todd Stender Can you talk about -- I just wanted to get into some of tthey yields you're entering at, particularly for tthey development projects. Can you get more granular, say, on Mister Car Wash, tthey Art Van deal and ttheyn Orchard Supply? Joel Agree Yes. So I would tell you, our development yields have theyld up to our -- really to our theirtorical standards. Ground-up turnkey development, we have and we'll continue to target yields at or above 9%. Opportunistically, if we see something, could we go lower? Sure. But if we're going to spend 24 months on a ground-up development, we think ttheyre's got to be that value embedded in that opportunity. Ttheyy are time-consuming and we want to be efficient with our time theyre. In terms of PCS yields, our PCS yields typically are approximately around 8%. Again, we're not undertaking true development, entitlement, permitting land acquisition and lease negotiation on most of those opportunities, we look at tthey -- really as an inorganic development opportunity wtheyre tthey true value creation was created by our partner, eittheyr tthey retailer who found tthey site or a private developer. And ttheyn to your last question on Orchard Supply specifically, that's a very unique transaction. That's our redevelopment, a retenanting and expansion of an existing space within tthey portfolio. Those returns were frankly, in tthey midteens. So we're talking about 15-plus percent incremental returns ttheyre, which obviously are outsized and was a fantastic transaction for us. Todd Stender Okay. And ttheyn how about on yields or spreads rattheyr? Let's exclude Orchard Supply, but just say, call it on a Mister Car Wash, what kind of spreads are ttheyy to maybe a one-off acquisition? Joel Agree Well, Mister Car Wash has theirtorically, prior to tthey launch of our organic development platform, executed sale-leaseback transactions with REITs or institutional purchasers on a portfolio basis in tthey low 7s. In terms of our returns on Mister Car Wash, I don't want to get into ttheym specifically. Ttheyy conform to our theirtorical standards. Todd Stender So spreads are at least 200 basis points, would you say? Joel Agree Close, yes. Todd Stender Okay. On ttheyn on tthey capital side, your ability to tap tthey ATM has been pretty impressive. It's a lower-cost way to match fund your investments in small bites. If you're raising $29 million in tthey quarter, how many investors is that spread over? Joel Agree That's a good question. I think ttheyre was a couple of larger trades in terms of institutional investors. But ttheyn regular to way ATM activity, ttheyre's really no way for us to quantify tthey number of investors that, that stock is sold to. Todd Stender Okay. And ttheyn just finally, tthey high end of tthey disposition guidance calls for anottheyr $20 million of sales in Q4. How much of a possibility is that? And any color on timing of wtheyn that could be sold? Joel Agree Yes. So we've got a Walgreens -- as I mentioned earlier, we've got a Walgreens currently under contract we anticipate closing fairly shortly theyre. We will also look at potentially selling some franctheire restaurants at opportunistic cap rates. And we think those transactions will come to fruition as well most likely in tthey next 30 days. And so we think, obviously, last quarter, we raised tthey low end of tthey disposition guidance. We've now hurdled that. Again, tthey transaction market can be fickle on tthey disposition side, especially with tthey 1031 laws and those regulations. But we think that we're going to be right in that range of tthey disposition guidance, most likely toward tthey higtheyr range. And most of those transactions are in tthey Q and we anticipate ttheym to close. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Ki Bin Kim So at ttheir point, well, you have to balance raising equity or selling assets like Walgreens at low cap rates. What are tthey things you're considering wtheyn you choose eittheyr or? And what's a more attractive source of equity capital at ttheir point? Joel Agree Well, I think ttheyre's a number of considerations. With tthey Walgreens dispositions, I would tell you, on tthey disposition front, of our dispositions are really driven by 2 things, one, we want to pare back exposure and redeploy tthey proceeds on an accretive basis, such as tthey Walgreens transactions, which we've clearly telegraptheyd to tthey market; or two, something doesn't fit within tthey context quality wise of our overall portfolio. We won't be shy to pull tthey trigger ttheyre. It's challenging necessarily to match fund disposition proceeds with acquisition with tthey uses of capital just because of tthey timing constraints, and as I said in tthey earlier answer, just tthey fickleness of those purchasers and so dispositions for us is really -- it's tthey fourth prong to our three external growth platforms. We were active managers of our portfolio. We want to maintain tthey higtheyst quality portfolio, obviously sell assets at attractive cap rates. Or if we don't like something given tthey sector, tthey credit, tthey yield, tthey demographics or residuals or store trends, we will cut cords very quickly. And so in terms of thinking about in terms of overall proceeds, we thought that $25 million to $50 million was appropriate. We're at just over $30 million in terms of a close to date. We think we'll be up towards tthey upper end. And it's obviously a good source of equity capital for us, balance with tthey ATM activity in tthey previous follow-on. Ki Bin Kim And earlier in tthey call, you made comments about revisiting optimizing some processes or something along those lines. Any more color on those? Joel Agree Yes. Our team theyre, which I talked about, just tthey growing dynamics of our team. We're at 32 people. We anticipate big and up to 34 team members theyre by year-end. And so we've taken a very hard look for tthey past 12 to 24 months wtheyre we really started at all of our internal processes to streamline and make ourselves more efficient. We're talking about a company, tthey portfolio and tthey size, it's dynamic change that one of our core values theyre was just constantly challenging ourselves to improve. And so tthey management team theyre has undergone professional development training in terms of specific skills, and ttheyn tthey operational team has gone through Lean training, which has been fantastic for us just to establish total clarity and come to really a metric-driven approach to everything that we do. We ought to say theyre, if you can't put a number to it, you can't manage it. And we've seen some amazing gains in terms of just putting those processes in place, streamlining, driving efficiencies. You combine that with tthey systems improvement that we've made, and we feel today that we've gone from a small entrepreneurial company to a fully establittheyyd middle-market company. Ki Bin Kim Okay. And just last question in 2017, approximately what percent of tthey deals that you've acquired kind of originated under brand-new lease terms under Agree's lease form versus buying something in tthey open market that was originally like a 12-year lease that you're buying it with 10 years left in tthey lease duration? Joel Agree So most landlords who are doing with national or super regional or really establittheyyd tenants aren't using ttheyir lease form, right, that's a misnomer. So retailers had a lease form that's typically customized or modified for a specific landlord if ttheyy have a previously negotiated form. And so tthey ability of landlords to dictate a lease form only is available, I would tell you, with small operators, who don't have legal departments, establittheyyd leases in place already. I mean, can you imagine if Walgreens or Walmart or even a smaller tenant like Mister Car Wash was negotiating individual leases with every single landlord? So that... Ki Bin Kim And that [indiscernible] literally, tthey new lease [indiscernible] what I meant is, like it originated by Agree versus Roy [indiscernible] somewtheyre else in tthey market that has kind of been a couple of years into tthey lease already? Joel Agree So I can't give you an exact answer, I have to get back to you on that. I tell you, all of our development and Partner Capital Solutions activity wtheyre we play an integral role in negotiating that lease in that outcome. And ttheyn all of tthey lease modification opportunities that we undertake through amendments typically, we are amending previous documents. I can't give you a specific number off tthey top of my theyad though. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Joey Agree for any closing remarks. Joel Agree All right. Well, thank you everybody, for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you in Dallas at NAREIT in tthey future. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.