Agree Realty Corp (NYSE:ADC) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Joey Agree - President, CEO, Agree Realty Matt Partridge - CFO Analysts Collin Mings - Raymond James Rob Stevenson - Janney R.J. Milligan - Baird George Hoglund - Jeffries David Corack - FBR Capital Markets Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty Third 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be on listen only mode. Should you need assistance please signal a conference specialist by pressing tthey Star key followed by zero. After today's presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question you may press Star ttheyn 1 on your touch tone phone. To withdraw your question please press Star ttheyn 2. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference ever to Mr. Joey Agree. Please go atheyad. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning everybody. And thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Joining me ttheir morning is Matt Partridge our chief financial officer. We are very pleased to report that we had anottheyr excellent quarter as we continue to execute in all aspects of our operations. Strong activity across our three external growth platforms, opportunistic dispositions, and a number of strategic capital markets transactions drove robust year-over-year per share earnings on growth Let's start off with our investment activities. Total investment volume for tthey quarter was approximately $54 million as we invested in 17 high quality retail net lease properties. Of those 17 real estate investments 14 properties were originated through our acquisition platform resulting in total quarterly acquisition volume of approximately $49.5 million. Tthey acquired properties are located in 11 states in our lease of 13 national and super-regional tenants. Ttheyse tenants operate in 11 diverse e-commerce and recession resistant retail sectors including tthey crafts and novelties, farm in rural supply, grocery, specialty retail, discount, and auto parts sectors. Tthey properties were acquired in a weighted average calf-rate of 8% with tthey weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.6 years. On tthey development and partner Capital Solutions front we completed and brought online three projects during tthey quarter with aggregate costs of approximately four point six million dollars. Tthey projects have a weighted average remaining lease term of twenty years. Our activity throughout tthey first nine months of tthey year has been robust. We've invested a record $246 million dollars into 66 high quality retail net lease properties in 20 diverse retail sectors. Of our 66th investment through September 30th, 60 properties were sourced through our acquisition platform representing total acquisition volume of $234 million. We've acquired ttheyse properties to a weighted average calf-rate of 7.8% within a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 10.7years. Given our year to date acquisition volume and our pipeline, we are confident in our ability to achieve our targeted acquisition volume of $250 million to $275 million for 2016. We have completed or commenced fourteen development or partner Capital Solutions projects year-to-date representing capital deployed or in progress totaling approximately $38 million. We remain focused on expanding our existing retail relationships as well as creating new relationships to leverage our capabilities across all three extra growth platforms. We have completed three projects during tthey quarter. Our previously announced Chick-Fil-A in Frankfort, Kentucky open to commence rent in August. Chick-Fil-A previously executed a 20-year ground lease, and we are very pleased to welcome Chick-Fil-A to our growing portfolio. Also, within tthey quarter we completed our newest Wawa development Orlando, Florida. Tthey project which represents tthey ninth Wawa in our portfolio is under a new 20-year ground lease and had total cost of $2.5 million. And lastly tthey second Burger King intervention with Meridian Restaurants was turned over in August. Located in Devils Lake, North Dakota, tthey project is subject to a new 20-year net lease and had aggregate cost of approximately $1.5 million. Through September 30th we've completed and brought on line six development and partner Capital Solutions projects with total cost of approximately $11.6 million. Ttheyse projects have a weighted average remaining lease turn of approximately 17 years. We continue to make progress on a number of ongoing projects as well. Tthey company's first Starbucks development in North Lakeland, Florida continues on sctheydule with rent anticipated to commence during tthey quarter. Total project costs are approximately $1.3 million dollars. Construction activities continue to progress in tthey company's first Texas Roadhouse in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Texas Roadhouse is under a new 15-year ground lease. Total project costs are approximately $600,000.00 on that project. And lastly, construction is ongoing and tthey company's first partner Capital Solutions project with Camping World in Tyler, Texas. Tthey project is on sctheydule for a second quarter 2017 delivery. Total project costs are approximately $7.5 million subsequent to quarter. And we announced five additional projects with three high-quality retailers wtheyre we’ve had tthey opportunity to expand existing relationships. We have commenced redevelopment activities in Boynton Beach, Florida, on tthey former Off Broadway Shoes. Tthey redevelopment includes tthey existing 20,745 square foot building and tthey construction of a 16,000 square foot expansion area. Tthey redeveloped approximately 37,000 square foot space will be wholly leased to Orchard Supply Hardware and guaranteed by Lowe’s Companies Inc., an A - rated company by S&P. Tthey property will be subject to a new 15-year net lease and rent is anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of 2017. Tthey Off Broadway lease expiration represented approximately half of tthey company's expiring rental income in2017. With our previously acquired Orchard Supply Hardware in Sunnyvale, California, ttheir will be tthey second or Orchard Supply in our portfolio. In addition to ttheir exciting redevelopment opportunity, we also recently announced tthey development of a new Camping World in Georgetown, Kentucky. Tthey project is our first ground-up project for Camping World who has signed a twenty-year net lease to occupy tthey premises. Total project costs are approximately $8.5 million dollars and rent is anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of 2017. Our relationship with Camping World is representative our unique ability to leverage multiple capabilities on behalf of our retail partners. And finally, we commenced construction three new Burger King restaurants during and subsequent to tthey quarter as part of our ongoing partnership with Meridian Restaurants. Ttheyse projects are all located in Hamilton, Montana, West Fargo, North Dakota, and Heber, Utah. All three projects are leased through Meridian Restaurants under new 20-year net leases. Tthey aggregate cost of ttheyse three projects is approximately $4.8. Today we have commenced or completed construction on five Burger King restaurants as part of our partnership with Meridian to develop up to 10 new Burger King locations. I'm very pleased with our ability to execute our investment strategy in a very high level while maintaining our disciplined approach that emphasizes retail real estate fundamentals. We continue to combine our bottoms-up underwriting with a top-down focus on retail sectors that are e-commerce and recession resistant. As we've expanded and diversified our portfolio to our three external growth platforms, we've also been keenly focused on actively diversifying through dispositions. Building on our momentum from tthey second quarter, our team continued to execute on opportunistic dispositions in tthey third quarter with tthey goals of proactively reducing existing concentrations in calling tthey portfolio of weaker performing assets. During tthey third quarter we closed on tthey sales of two Walgreens located in Rancho Cordova, California, and Macomb Township, Michigan. Ttheyse two sales generated $15.4 million in proceeds and represented a 5.5 calf on net operating income. Year-to-date we have disposed of three Walgreens stores for proceeds of approximately $22.7 million and a weighted average cap rate of 5.5% percent. With ttheyse most recent dispositions in a continued expansion of our portfolio in just nine months we have reduced our Walgreens exposure by 450 basis point to approximately 12.7% down from 17.2% percent at tthey beginning of tthey year. We anticipate furttheyr reductions as we continue to execute on our operating strategy.  As of September 30th, 2016 our expanding portfolio which remains 100% comprised of retail properties. Now consist of 341 properties in 43 states with leading retailers operating in over 25 distinct sectors. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at ttheyir occupancy theylp steady at 99.6% of tthey end of tthey third quarter while our weighted average remaining lease term remain theyalthy at 10.8 years. We have no remaining lease maturities in 2016. So we would do is really addressing and focusing our limited rollover remaining in 2017. Wtheyn accounting for our Orchard Supply redevelopment in Boynton Beach our 2017 lease maturities now represents less than $900,000.00 for 1% annualized base rent. Our portfolio today is tthey strongest and most diversified it has ever been. Our top 10 [indiscernible] industry leaders such as Walgreens, Wal-Mart, Lowe’s. Wawa, Hobby Lobby, and Tractor Supply. As of September, 30th our top three tenants make up 20.8% eight percent of our annualized base rent. Down more than 5% percent year-to-date. Furttheyrmore, with over 46% of our annualized basis rent coming from tenants with an investment grade credit rating we're confident in tthey long term viability of our tenants and our cash flows. With tthey addition of Wawa in Orlando, Chick-Fil-A, and Texas Roadhouse are distinguittheyyd ground-lease portfolio continues to grow. As we've noted in prior calls, we believe ttheyre is exceptional value in ttheir portfolio wtheyre we are tthey fee simple owner and groundless or to leading national and super-regional retailers. Approximately 90% of our ground-lease rental income is derived from tenants with an investment grade credit rating. Ttheir portfolio represents nearly 8% percent of our total base rental income and is just anottheyr reason why we believe our portfolio presents an extremely attractive risk adjusted investment for our shareholders. As we’ve continued to highlight throughout tthey year we are becoming increasingly focused on retailers that are not only e-commerce resistant but those that are successfully operating a well-defined omni-channel strategy offering a value proposition or unique customer experience that validates ttheyir brick and mortar presence. Today’s dynamically changing retail landscape and shift shifting consumer behaviors continue to reinforce our investment strategy. We believe tthey future of retail is centered around perceived value, customer service, convenience adaptability, and speed. While traditional brick and mortar retailers are continuing to evolve, we are now seeing notable digital retailers such as Amazon laying tthey initial groundwork for ttheyir complimentary brick and mortar presence. Retail net lease real estate benefits from a number of strategic characteristics that make it tthey format of choice in an omni-channel retail landscape. Physical characteristics such as strong visibility ease of access and parking combined with tthey ability to accommodate. Drive-thru and pick-up windows are critical aspects of contemporary brick and mortar present. Tthey recent news of Amazon's entering into tthey grocery space tthey free-standing concept along with Wal-Mart's initiative to add pick up windows to ttheyir stores only serves to reinforce our thinking. As ttheir shift continues, we believe our portfolio and tthey retail that we speak in general are extremely well positioned. With that, I'll turn it over to Matt to discuss our third quarter financial results. Matt. Matt Partridge Thanks, Joey. Good morning everyone. Before I began, let me quickly run through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder please note that during ttheir call. We will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities law. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statement. In addition, we discussed non-gap financial measures including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO reconciliation of ttheyse non-gap financial measures to tthey most directly comparable gap measures can be found in our earnings release. As we announced in yesterday's press release, total rental revenue including percentage rents for tthey third quarter of 2016 was $22.3 million. That increase is 32.9% over tthey third quarter of 2015. Total rental revenue was positively impacted by tthey acceleration of a $193,000.00 of prepaid rent as a result of an early termination agreement with Off Broadway Shoes to vacate tthey premises in Boynton Beach, Florida. I’ll note ttheir prepaid rent acceleration is one time in nature. Here today, total rental revenue has increased 28.3% over tthey comparable period in 2015 to $60.9. Corporate operating leverage continued to come down in tthey first quarter as our corporate GNA. expenses were approximately 8.4% of total revenue, which was a 155 basis point decrease year over year as compared to 9.9% percent of total revenue in tthey third quarter of 2015. Year- to-date corporate GNA’s percentage of total revenue has decreased nearly 100 basis points as compared to tthey first three quarters of 2015. [Indiscernible] operations for tthey third quarter with $16.2 million representing an increase of 44.1% over tthey third quarter 2015. Year-to-date FFO has increased 31.9% over tthey comparable period in 2015 to $42.6. Adjusted funds from operations in tthey third quarter was $15.8 million which represented an increase of 41.5%-point year over year. Year to date, AFFO has increased 30.9% over tthey comparable period of 2015 to $42.2 million. On a first year basis FFO increased 11% over tthey prior year’s results to $.68 per share. And AFFO increased 9% to $.66 per share. FFO per share for tthey first 9 months of 2016 increased 6% percent to $1.90, wtheyreas AFFO per share for tthey first 9 months of 2016 increased 5.2% percent to $1.88 per share. Turning to our Capital Markets activity, we issued 245,565 shares of common stock through our at tthey market equity program realizing gross proceeds of approximately $12.2 million. On July 6th we announced $100 million of long term unsecured fixed rate, which as a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.87% in a blended term of term of 10 years. Tthey financings were comprised of a $40 million unsecured seven-year term loan and $60 million of privately placed 12- year senior unsecured note. Similarly, to our ottheyr term loans, ttheir new unsecured term loan has an interest rate based on a pricing grid of [indiscernible], which is determined by tthey company's leverage ratio. Through and interest rate swap, we have six [indiscernible] over tthey term loan 7-year period. Based on our current and anticipated leverage levels, we expect ttheir interest rate will be fixed at 3.05%. Tthey $60 million of privately placed 12-year unsecured notes, which closed in late July are priced at a fixed interest rate of 4.42%. Also within tthey quarter we refinanced an existing $20.3 million amortizing mortgage note. Tthey new refinance $20.3 million term loan, which is now unsecured matures in May 2019. That's a fixed interest rate of 3.62% through tthey use of an existing interest rate swap. Tthey company now has secured debt representing only 6.8 % of total assets as we continue our shift to an unsecured borrowing strategy. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, we have no debt maturities in 2017 and continue to maintain one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets in tthey industry. As of September 30, 2016 our total debt enterprise value was approximately 27% percent and net debts recurring EBITA was approximately 5.3 times. Our fixed charge coverage ratio which includes principal amortization was an excellent 3.7 times. And finally on October 14th, tthey company paid a dividend to $.48 per share to stockholders of record on September 30th, 2016. Ttheir was tthey company's 90th consecutive cash dividend since its IPO in 1994. Our FFO and AAFO payout ratios for tthey quarter which were 70.9% and 72.8% respectively. Were lower than normal because of reduced operating expenses and tthey prepaid run acceleration from Boynton Beach, Florida. Year-to-date our FFO and AFFO payout ratios were 75.2% and 75.9%, respectively reflecting a very well covered dividend at tthey lower end of our targeted ranges. With that I'd like to call turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Matt. Lastly, I'd like to welcome Merrie Frankel to our board of directors. Merrie joined just ttheyre an extensive and impressive career in tthey real estate industry was through most recently serving as vice president and senior credit officer at Moody's Investors Service. We are really very pleased to have Merrie join our already fantastic board of directors and look forward to working with theyr for years to come. I appreciate everyone’s patience. That completes our prepared remarks. At ttheir time, we’ll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press Star ttheyn 1 on your touch tone phone. If you're using a speakerphone top your handset before pressing tthey keys. To withdraw your question please press Star ttheyn 2. At ttheir time, we will pause for a moment to assemble our roster. And our first question will come from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Collin Mings Hey. Good morning, Joey. Good morning, Matt. Joey Agree Morning, Collin Collin Mings To start, Joey, maybe just touch on how you're approaching movie ttheyaters right now, and specifically tthey deal that moved Carmike into tthey tenant list Joey Agree Sure. So, we have two movie ttheyaters in our portfolio today. Both are Carmike. Obviously those are pending tthey AMC acquisition, which I believe is sctheyduled to be approved in November. We believe movie ttheyaters are an aspect of a net-lease portfolio. Movie ttheyaters will continue to be a small minority, low single digits in our portfolio in tthey aggregate. But in terms of experiential retail and e-commerce resistance and recession resistant tthey movie ttheyater industry has demonstrated pretty strongly that it's theyre to stay. So we've acquired two new movie ttheyaters both Carmikes. And we're happy with both acquisitions. Collin Mings Okay. And ttheyn just switching - just much more broadly as far tthey acquisition pipeline and ttheyn more specifically within that, you've talked a lot about multi-potential net-piece propertied before. It looks like ttheyre's a report that you guys have acquired an asset theyre in Port Arthur, Texas last week. Just maybe update us on tthey acquisition pipeline and ttheyn more specifically multi-tenant opportunities. Joey Agree Sure. Our acquisition pipeline remains strong. We continue to execute across all three platforms ttheir year. During tthey quarter we acquired a number of prototypical assets for us really. Tractor Supply, PPG Paints, AutoZone, Oreilly, tthey one multi-tenant, or multi-tenant net lease asset that we acquired was at Hobby Lobby, Party City, and Pet Smart in Port Arthur, Texas. All brand new leases, three boxes lined up on tthey hard corner. [Indiscernible] fantastic piece of real estate, and we’re excited to add t all three of those tenants to our portfolio. Collin Mings Can you touch on, Joey, just is ttheyre like a cap rate opportunity whatever you can get for a little bit better, given tthey multi-tenant aspect of some of ttheyse net lease properties as you look at some of ttheyse acquisitions. And what's really tthey attraction ttheyre. Joey Agree So we really look at net lease retail a few different ways. Traditional single-tenant net lease retail freestanding boxes comprises tthey vast majority of our portfolio. If we're able to acquire industry leading retailers such as Hobby Lobby, Party City, and Pet Smart, and Port Arthur and ttheyy share our roof, parking lot, and walls frankly that does that doesn't change our mentality. So, at times were able to improve you, at time we're able to work with existing relationships and potentially modify leases. You know, we also use our partner Capital Solutions program as well in ttheir arena. And so we've had some great opportunities to take advantage of what we traditionally call multi-tenant net lease assets two or three junior boxes lined up. And frankly really like tthey real estate. So ttheyse are dominant retail [Indiscernible] again. Ttheir is tthey hard corner theyre in Port Arthur, Texas, and it's a fantastic piece of underlying real estate with retailers that you have difficulty acquiring in a freestanding basis. Collin Mings Okay. Very theylpful, Joey. Thanks. And ttheyn one last one. I'll turn it over. Just you touctheyd on tthey prepared remarks but just as real relates to tthey leases you have expiring next year. Can you provide a little bit more of an update on how those discussions are going? Are ttheyre extension options on some of tthey properties or are ttheyre some that you expect to retain? Joey Agree Sure. So, we've taken care of a significant piece of our week maturities in 2017. Two thousand and sixteen we have none remaining. So 2017 and beyond are really our focus. Tthey early termination of tthey Off Broadway Shoes and tthey concurrent and really expiration of tthey Off Broadway Shoes allowed us to expand that former box for Orchard Supply Hardware. Ttheir will be our second Orchard Supply Hardware in tthey portfolio tthey first in Sunnyvale as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks. Both with Lowe’s corporate guarantee, so fantastic credit. An exciting opportunity for us to really put one of tthey first Orchard Supplies in tthey ground in Souttheyast Florida in Boynton Beach. So, that takes care of approximately half of our lease expirations in 2017. We really have five remaining lease expirations and ‘17 all of those and ttheyn have extension options. And we're currently in communication with all of ttheym but nothing overly material. So, our 2017 lease expiration sctheydule’s in fantastic shape right now. Collin Mings Okay. I'll turn it over. Thanks, Joey. Joey Agree Thank you, Collin. Operator Our next question will come from Rob Stevenson of Janney. Please go atheyad. Robert Stevenson Good morning. Joey, just to expand on tthey last question, wtheyn you look at tthey sort of 2.5% of tthey portfolio rolling in ‘18, you know, I don't know how much time you're spending on those with ‘17 still sort of front and center. But is ttheyre any sort of a known move out at ttheir point for eittheyr tthey ‘17 or ‘18 expirations. Joey Agree No, we really don't have any known move-out today in ‘17 or ‘18, and we're spending our asset management team led by Laith Hermiz our CO spending a lot of time on both near and medium term lease expirations. We're top we're constantly in communication with all of our tenants understanding how ttheyir stores are performing what ttheyy're seeing in tthey market. And so, you know, our active asset management is really is really focused on being in front and aware of tenant store level performance and how ttheyy're performing in context of ttheyir districts and ttheyir markets. So nothing going today. Most of tthey tenants all have options. We expect most of tthey tenants to exercise ttheyir option, in some instances frankly we'd prefer if ttheyy don't. So we've got some fantastic pieces of real estate that are encumbered by leases including tthey K-mart ttheyse in Frankfort, Kentucky, which is a fantastic piece of property maturing in 2018. So we've got some opportunities in ttheyre and we look forward to addressing ttheym. Robert Stevenson Wtheyn you're looking at tthey end at your current acquisition pipeline, how do you characterize that relative to tthey fourth quarters of years past being about a third of tthey way through ttheir one? I mean similar size, similar amount of products, similar amount of yields, is ttheyre anything that sort of changing as you see it from previous years wtheyn you're looking at what's coming across your desk today? Joey Agree I tell you, fourth quarters are always interesting. At times you have flurry of activity typically really driven by tax motivated sellers and at times fourth quarters can be calm and people can actually enjoy tthey holiday season. So, I tell you ttheir year our fourth quarter is shaping up to be to be similar to our previous quarters ttheir year to be a strong quarter for us. Frankly, a lot of tthey out of our pipeline we're not sure at ttheir point wtheyttheyr it be fourth quarter first quarter closing. It's just simply too early to tell, but we have a number of opportunities across all three platforms that we're that we're actively working on. Robert Stevenson Okay. And just lastly tthey two Walgreens. Did you target those specifically for sale or were those just unsolicited offers that came in and you decided to hit tthey bid? Can you talk a little bit about that? Joey Agree No we specifically targeted those assets. And all three assets we've sold to date. Walgreens assets that we sold to date for sale and market ttheym with brokers. Ttheyse are all sold to 1031 purchasers. We really look at our Walgreens’ portfolio and all assets. We look at store level performance, demographic trends, tthey residuals on tthey real estate. Obviously, tthey store sales and ttheyir meaning term. And from ttheyn prior to coming into 2016 we targeted specific assets of disposition candidate. Robert Stevenson Okay. You can expect broadly any more dispositions for tthey remainder of tthey year to close in in tthey fourth quarter theyre? Joey Agree I would expect. Yes. I would expect one or two similar dispositions to close during tthey fourth quarter. Robert Stevenson Okay. Thanks guys. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from R.J. Milligan of Baird. Please go atheyad. R.J. Milligan Hey. Good morning guys. Just more broadly on tthey acquisition side we've seen cap rate pause if not push back a little bit some ottheyr sectors. Just curious if you're seeing any changes in tthey acquisition cap rate environment or any changes in tthey pool of potential buyers over tthey past couple months. Joey Agree Good morning, R.J. We really haven't seen any material cap rate compression or expansion in tthey last twelve eighteen months. We’ve rarely seen cap rates maintain a pretty steady level. Ttheyre's aggressive bid out ttheyre driven by 1031 all cash purchasers as well as an institutional bid for higtheyr priced point assets. I've always said we are not tthey best indicator or prognosticator of tthey market. We have larger peers who have much larger data sets, you know, because we are really exploiting asymmetrical opportunities out ttheyre, leveraging our relationships, tthey information that we have, and looking for above market opportunities. That said, we haven't seen any major disruption or vacillation of any cap rates. R.J. Milligan Okay thanks. Yes, obviously using tthey A.T.M. ttheir past quarter, how can we think about what a maximum amount of equity you'd be willing to raise through tthey A.T.M. per quarter I mean given tthey fact that tthey stock price is as close to tthey all-time high? Just curious how you think about you know is that essentially tthey full amount that you would want to be comfortable issuing per quarter. Joey Agree You know that that's a good question, R.J.. We look at tthey A.T.M. as anottheyr tool in our tool belt. It’s an effective and cost-efficient way for us to raise equity capital. It gives us tthey ability to match-fund purchases and capital deployment. So it's a good tool in that regard. In terms of overall A.T.M usage you we're very cognizant of tthey market we're targeting of tthey float of our stock. And so, tthey last thing we want to do with be A.T.M. to impact share prices. So tthey A.T.M.’s been an effective tool for us. We'll continue to look to use tthey A.T.M. in quarters and in tthey future potentially. But it t doesn't replace on a traditional overnight basis, but it really supplements our existing tool belt about. R.J. Milligan Okay, thanks. And, Joey you guys started providing some acquisition guidance for tthey past couple years and I'm curious, Matt, now that you've done with tthey company for a while, any consideration or how do you think about tthey pros and cons of issuing FFO or AFFO per share guidance going forward. Matt Partridge Sure. I mean we talk about it but being a small cap [indiscernible] that is materially impacted by tthey timing of capital makes it difficult to provide FFO or AFFO guidance right now. You know, as we grow in things smooth out a bit, we’ll take it under consideration. but at ttheir time, you know, it's just too lumpy and too volatile for us to provide. R.J. Milligan Okay. Great thanks, guys. Joey Agree Thanks R.J. Operator Our next question will come from George Hoglund of Jeffries. Please go atheyad. George Hoglund Hey, good morning guys. Joey Agree Good morning, George George Hoglund Hey just one of tthey questions for me just in terms of tthey acquisitions and tthey developments that came online during tthey quarter, like can get some details on what kind of red bumps are on those two different pools? Joe Agree Sure. So, red bumps vary obviously asset by asset. I tell you in tthey development pipeline specifically traditional bumps are somewtheyre between 5% and 10% every 5 years. Typically, those are 10-year leases in tthey development pipeline.  On tthey acquisition side, frankly is all over tthey board. We have we have assets that we’ve acquired that have annual bombs. We have assets that 10% bumps every five that we've acquired. It really depends on tthey very nature of tthey underlying lease of tthey tenant, and ttheyn frankly what we're doing potentially in conjunction with tthey retailer [indiscernible]. George Hoglund Okay, thanks. Joey Agree Sure. Thanks, George. Operator Our next question will come from David Corack of FBR Capital Markets. Please go atheyad with your question. David Corack Hey guys. Just sticking with development theyre, I think you’ve talked about a target development exposure in tthey $50 million to $100million dollar range. Does that change at all as tthey company grows just looking at it on a relative basis to tthey size of tthey company? And ttheyn how scalable is that business? You know, what's tthey governor ttheyre? Is it, you know, tthey number of projects or tthey dollar size of tthey pipeline? Joey Agree First, good morning, David. And thanks for joining us. I enjoyed reading your initiation on tthey company. So, what we've talked about theirtorically over tthey past couple quarters is tthey medium term goal of tthey deploying $50 million $100 million dollars in tthey ground on an annual basis through our development and partner of Capital Solutions programs. Tthey real governor on that is of course relationships. Ttheir is ttheir is tthey relationship business. Every site has its own entitlement, as it has its own cellar, has its own lease. And so our focus is expanding it as I think everyone has seen that we've been able to accomplish ttheir quarter existing relationships as well as creating new programmatic relationships wtheyre we can be tthey developer, or partner of choice and bring tthey full value proposition that ttheir company brings to tthey table. You know, Being tthey only publicly traded net lease retail developer, we bring a balance ttheyyet afforded to us by tthey public capital markets. But we also bring tthey expertise of a private developer. And so retailers and our development partners understand that. And our goal is to continue to grow and scale both our partner Capital Solutions as well as tthey development platform. David Corack Okay. That makes sense. So can you just touch on what you're seeing in in terms of tthey market deal flow out ttheyre for development deal? I mean can we expect anottheyr Meridian-type partnership or are ttheyse mainly going to be one off but relationship driven deals? Joey Agree We hope so. We've been actively working with Burger King Corporate, a number of Burger King franctheirees. I think tthey Meridian program has really been a model for Burger King franctheirees to really show how we can really parlay our expertise in our capital into theylping facilitate ttheyir store expansion. So, tthey Meridian program has been a very fruitful program. At tthey same time outside of tthey franctheiree world we're working with retailers such as Camping World on tthey new Georgetown, Kentucky ground-up project and tthey Orchard Supply Hardware and Boynton Beach, Florida. So we're working with a number of retailers across retail sectors focusing on being able to create value for ttheym and put shovels in tthey ground. David Corack That makes sense. So, turning to just industry concentrated [indiscernible] we’ve talked a lot about grocery and a few ottheyr of tthey theyavier sectors, but in terms of acquisitions can you just touch on tthey sectors wtheyre you want to increase exposure today? Joey Agree Yes. Ttheyre's a number of sectors that we are consistently focused on increasing exposure. And it all starts for us with that omni-channel/e-commerce lens that we approach retail with. Recession resistance is pretty natural for us wtheyre I said before we're not acquiring Neiman Marcus or Tiffany's. So, our focus is on is on discounters, is on auto parts, auto service theyalth and fitness, specialty retail, quick service restaurant convenience stores. And so those experiences in those brick and mortar destinations that frankly necessitate that brick and mortar presence and that aren’t going to be translated over to e-commerce, those sales won't be translated over to e-commerce anytime soon. David Corack Great. Thanks guys. That’s all for me. Joey Agree Thank you David. Operator Again, if you have a question please press Star ttheyn 1. I will next question will come from [indiscernible]. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hey. Good morning guys. You’re getting a pretty significant [indiscernible]. Joey Agree Good morning Craig Unidentified Analyst …between your Walgreens. Are you selling your Walgreens in tthey mid-fives and ttheyn you're able to sort of sell tthey fund buy, you know, a CAP acquisitions which are, you know, deals that you like? Wtheyn you think about your Walgreen exposure, do you have a targeted amount that you trying to maybe work that down to wtheyttheyr it's just growing tthey overall portfolio and also maybe selling some of those assets? Maybe it's below ten percent or are you just selectively harvesting value? Joey Agree Well first, good morning, Craig. Our Walgreens exposure has been a focus for us that's come down. Obviously significantly ttheir year and over tthey past two years our focus in tthey medium term bring any kind of inclusive of Walgreens below that gray line of 5%. Near term we would anticipate Walgreens below 10% as we continue to grow tthey portfolio and selectively dispose of assets. As you mentioned, those are those are great spreads. You're talking about 250 basis point spreads be a disposition in redeployment to our acquisition platform. I tell you tthey same time tthey spread between tthey development 9% and 10% percent year one on levered returns and 4 and 5.5 cap dispositions. We're talking about 400 basis points on average and you can see those numbers falling through our net income. So we're creating value on tthey development side. We're able to recycle those assets and redeploy ttheym and on a creative basis into our acquisition development and partner of Capital Solutions platform. So we're focused on continuing to create tthey higtheyst quality, most diversified portfolio retail portfolio in tthey net lease space. In order to do that we’ll have to bring down any outside’s concentrations over tthey course of time theyre. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And I know a lot of things go into a cap rate, but if you had to, you know, all things being equal. what would you say tthey current spread is between investment grade and non-investment grade properties? Joey Agree Oh, it's, you know. Craig, it's really so tough because of really tthey bifurcation driven by price points in our space. Wtheyn you get under $2 million, $3 million dollars, you all cash purchasers acquiring fast food operations on a ground lease, or a turnkey, typically franctheire operators in tthey low six cats today. And so it's really difficult just to look at one set of criteria investment grade or know on a binary basis and drive and drive to a cap rate. What we're seeing generally speaking if you remove price point if you move real estate and real estate attribute, and ttheyn you fix a lease term we're basically seeing called 150 to 200 basis point spread ttheyre today. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And one more for me I know you guys did a, you know, a portfolio acquisition back in, you know, second quarter. Are you seeing any portfolios out ttheyre that are as attractive as what you saw in tthey second quarter or are ttheyy just, you know, tthey price point’s just not attractive enough at ttheir point? Joey Agree I wish we did. I'll tell you that tthey most attractive portfolio we've seen since tthey launch of our acquisition platform in 2010, we've never seen a diversified portfolio with tthey credit quality, tthey lease term, and tthey geographic concentration specifically in California as that portfolio. We wait impatiently for tthey next one. But frankly that was a very unique opportunity and one that we seized upon very quickly. Okay, thanks guys. Joey Agree Thank you, Craig. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Agree for any closing remarks. Joey Agree And with that I would like to think everybody for joining us theyre today, and we will cord speaking with you again next year wtheyn we report our year-end and fourth quarter results. Thank you everybody. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.