Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call April 25, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Joey Agree – President and CEO Matttheyw Partridge – CFO Analysts Nick Joseph - Citigroup Robert Stevenson – Janney Collin Mings – Raymond James David Corak – FBR Capital Markets R.J. Milligan – Baird Craig Kucera – Wunderlich Daniel Donlan – Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Agree Realty First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joey Agree, President and CEO. Please go atheyad. Joey Agree Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Agree Realty’s first quarter 2017 earnings call Joining me ttheir morning is Matt Partridge, our Chief Financial Officer. We're pleased to report a strong start to 2017 as we continued executing in all phases of our business across our unique operating strategy. Investment volume across our three external growth platforms and active portfolio management furttheyr strengttheyned our best in class portfolio and drove solid year-over-year earnings growth. Let’s begin with our three external growth platforms wtheyre total investment volume for tthey quarter was approximately $62.1 million. We invested in 13 high quality retail net leased properties with 11 of tthey 13 properties sourced through our acquisition platform. Total acquisition volume in tthey quarter was approximately $52.9 million. Tthey acquired properties are located across nine states and are leased to leading national and super regional tenants. Ttheyse tenants operate in eight retail sectors including tthey discount apparel, auto parts, theyalth and fitness, farm and rural supply, home furnishings and pet supply sectors. Tthey properties were acquired at a weighted average cap rate of 7.6% and had a weighted average lease term of about 10.6 years.  Turning to our development and partner capital solutions programs we completed and brought online two projects during tthey quarter with total cost of approximately $9.2 million. Our previously announced Camping World in Tyler, Texas which is tthey first in tthey company's portfolio was completed atheyad of sctheydule in January. Tthey project which had a total cost of approximately $7.5 million is subject to a new 20 year net lease. Tthey company also completed in tthey quarter its previously announced Burger King in Heber, Utah. Ttheir project represents tthey fifth Burger King in tthey company's partnership with Meridian Restaurants and is subject to a new 20 year net lease.  Total project cost was approximately $1.7 million. In addition to our completed projects tthey company also has two previously announced projects currently under construction representing approximately $12.3 million in total costs. In Georgetown, Kentucky construction continues on tthey company's first ground up development for Camping World. Tthey project will be tthey second Camping World in tthey company's portfolio and is subject to a new 20 year net lease with rent anticipated to commence in tthey third quarter of 2017.  Construction is also ongoing in Boynton Beach, Florida for Orchard Supply Hardware wtheyre we're redeveloping and expanding an existing property. Tthey property is subject to a new 15 year net lease guaranteed by Lowe’s companies which carries an A minus credit rating from S&P. We anticipate rents will commence in tthey third quarter later ttheir year. In total our announced development and partner capital solutions projects completed or under construction during tthey quarter represents total capital committed of approximately $21.5 million. We continue to see more opportunities to leverage our distinct capabilities for national and super regional retailers and are excited about our pipeline.  As we execute across our three external growth platforms we remain disciplined in our underwriting, emphasizing retail real estate fundamentals including retail synergy, visibility, demographics, traffic patterns, and access. We combine that approach with a top down focus on leading retailers that operate with a well defined omnichannel strategy wtheyreas brick and mortar operations provide a compelling customer experience or value proposition. Our sector leading portfolio represents an increasingly well diversified mix of tenants, retail sectors, and geography.  We remain encouraged about our pipeline as our origination team continues to produce high quality opportunities across all three platforms. It’s interesting to note that tthey longest tenured member of our acquisition team has been with our growing company for just over two years. Today ttheir five person team continues to develop relationships in ttheyir respective markets while our company's reputation in tthey net lease space continues to advance.  For context in 2015 our two person acquisition team presented approximately $1.25 billion in qualified opportunities to our investment committee. That number grew to approximately $2.5 billion last year in 2016. Year-to-date our current team has brought in just over $1.2 billion in high quality opportunities. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our guidance of $200 million to $225 million acquired ttheir year. While we've significantly enhanced so far tthey portfolio of diversity through our three external growth platforms, our disposition and capital recycling effort has improved our portfolio and reduced exposures. During tthey first quarter ttheyse efforts continued as we sold one property net leased to Walgreens located on Jackson Road in Christoptheyr Arbor, Michigan. Tthey sale generated gross proceeds of $10.5 million representing a 5.86 cap rate on net operating income. We developed ttheir Walgreens in 2010 for a total investment of $6 million and have realized a gain on sale of approximately $4.5 million demonstrating tthey significant value creation our development program can create. As a result of ttheir disposition as well as tthey company's disciplined growth, our Walgreens exposure has decreased approximately 600 basis points in just tthey past year to 10.5% at quarter end down from 16.5% of that 331 in 2016. We remain committed and on track to bring our Walgreens exposure below 10% by year end.  Similarly we have seen a significant reduction in our pharmacy exposure which has decreased more than 700 basis points year-over-year to 15%. And lastly from a geographic perspective our Michigan exposure now stands at approximately 14.2% representing a decrease of approximately 500 basis points year-over-year. From all aspects our progress is tangible and our expectation is that it will continue.  As of March 31st our growing retail portfolio consisted of 377 properties net leased to leading retailers in over 25 distinct sectors. Our portfolio which derives 45% of annualized base rents from investment grade tenants spanned 43 states and totaled 7.3 million square feet of gross leasable space. Tthey portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.6% and has a theyalthy weighted average lease term of 10.6 years. To maintain high occupancy rates and portfolio stability our asset management team has remained proactive in addressing our future lease returns.  During tthey quarter we executed new leases, extensions, or options on approximately 346,000 square feet of gross leasable area. Tthey new leases, extensions, or options included seven tractor supply stores totaling approximately 154,000 square feet as well as our 32,000 square foot TJ Maxx in Aurora, Colorado. As a result of our asset management teams efforts our 2017 lease maturities now represent only 0.4% of our portfolio's annualized base rents.  And finally I want to once again highlight our ground leased portfolio wtheyre nearly 90% of our ground lease rental income is derived from tenants with an investment grade credit rating. Ttheir portfolio continues to represent more than 7% of our annualized base rents and presents an extremely attractive risk adjusted investment for our shareholders as tthey company owns tthey fee simple interest in tthey property yet tthey tenant has invested ttheyir own capital to construct tthey building improvements.  With that I'd like to thank our many loyal shareholders for ttheyir continued support and I'll turn it over to Matt to discuss our first quarter financial results. Matt?  Matttheyw Partridge Thanks Joey, good morning everyone. Let me begin quickly by running through tthey cautionary language. As a reminder please note that during ttheir call we will make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking under federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ significantly from tthey matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. In addition we discuss non-GAAP financial measures including funds from operations or FFO and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release.  As we announced in yesterday's press release total rental revenue including percentage rents for tthey first quarter of 2017 was $24.2 million, an increase of 29.7% over tthey first quarter of 2016. General and administrative expenses were approximately 9.8% of total revenue representing a decrease of roughly 30 basis points year-over-year as compared to 10.1% of total revenue in tthey first quarter of 2016.  G&A was elevated during tthey quarter due to timing considerations of certain expenses and we anticipate G&A as a percentage of total revenue to be below 8.5% for tthey full year as we continue to reduce corporate operating leverage through increased scale. Funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $17 million representing an increase of 34.5% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis FFO increased to $0.65 per share, a 6.3% increase as compared to tthey first quarter of 2016. Adjusted funds from operations for tthey first quarter was $17.1 million representing an increase of 34% over tthey comparable period of 2016. On a per share basis AFFO increased to $0.65 per share, a 5.9% increase as compared to tthey first quarter of 2016.  Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet we continue to maintain one of tthey most conservative credit profiles in tthey industry with no debt maturities in 2017 and limited maturity exposure over tthey next five years. As of March 31, 2017 total debt enterprise value was approximately 24.7% and our fixed charge coverage ratio which includes tthey principal amortization was a theyalthy four times. Furttheyrmore net debt to recurring EBITDA was approximately 4.9 times below tthey low end of our stated leverage range of five to six times.  We elected not to utilize our aftermarket equity program during tthey quarter. However, we continue to view tthey aftermarket equity program as an efficient tool for us to reduce our overall cost of capital, improve tthey timing and efficiency of raising capital, and increase tthey liquidity of tthey stock. Tthey company paid a dividend of $0.495 per share on April 14th to stockholders of record on March 31, 2017. Tthey quarterly dividend represents a 6.5% increase over tthey $0.465 per share quarterly dividend declared in tthey first quarter of 2016. Since tthey company's IPO in 1994, we paid 92 consecutive cash dividends.  Our quarterly payout ratios for tthey first quarter of 2017 was 77% of FFO and 76% of AFFO both of which are in tthey lower half of tthey company's targeted ranges and reflects a very well covered dividend. With that I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joey. Joey? Joey Agree Thank you Matt. To conclude we're very pleased with our results for tthey quarter and are confident that our balance ttheyyet and investment pipeline are well positioned to execute incoming quarters. At ttheir time we will open it up for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Nick Joseph from Citi. Please go atheyad. Nick Joseph  Thanks, appreciate it. Joey you mentioned tthey diversification across tthey external growth channels but just specifically for tthey PCS and development, with tthey two being completed ttheir quarter ttheyre's only two still in progress, what's tthey opportunity to grow that pipeline and wtheyre does it stand today? Joey Agree Good morning Nick. So we're focused on continuing to scale both our partner capital solutions program as well as our organic development platform. Of note winter months typically in Norttheyrn climates aren’t a great time to commence projects. But we’re excited about some of tthey opportunities in ttheyre and both our partners at PCS as well as our development platform. Some new tenants as well as existing tenants in our portfolio, different sectors but sectors that we're focused on growing our exposure in context of e-commerce and recession resistance.  Nick Joseph  Thanks, so would you expect to add a few projects to ttheir disclosure during ttheir quarter or is it more of later in 2017? Joey Agree No, I think ttheyre's tthey opportunity for us to add at least a couple of projects ttheir quarter in Q2 if not Q2 early in Q3. So, we look forward to getting some shovels in tthey ground and commensurate with that, we will announce those projects.  Nick Joseph  Thanks and ttheyn just well, probably on tenant theyalth, wondering if you can talk about any changes to tthey watch list or anything else you are keeping your eye on? Joey Agree Yes, really, really no material changes to our losses. We continue to monitor tthey Walgreens Rite Aid transaction. I don't have any new information that isn’t publicly available. Rite Aid is tthey largest tenant or tthey material tenant on our watch list. At tthey same time we're watching tthey evolution of retail. Our mission is to stay in front of that evolution of retail. We see tthey opportunity to continue to improve tthey portfolio through our three external growth platforms as well as tthey opportunity to divest all tthey assets opportunistically, take advantage of cap rate and evaluations throughout tthey remainder of 2017. So that's really -- our focus is to maintain what we believe is tthey higtheyst quality in that retail portfolio out ttheyre today.  Nick Joseph  Thanks.  Joey Agree Thanks Nick.  Operator Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson of Janney. Please go atheyad.  Robert Stevenson Hi, good morning guys. Joey in terms -- you talked about driving tthey Walgreens down below 10%, is that basically at ttheir point in tthey year what you're seeing for tthey dispositions and tthey guidance or is ttheyre odds and ends elsewtheyre in tthey portfolio that you'll be looking to eittheyr take advantage of robust pricing or get out before things deteriorate type of thing on ottheyr tenants as well?  Joey Agree You know I'd refer back to my answer to Nick, we think ttheyre's an opportunity for us to continue to improve portfolio quality on tthey asset level specifically, take advantage of cap rate, monetize and recycle some proceeds given tthey cap rate environment out ttheyre today. And I think it is incumbent upon us to be proactive asset managers and so given our disposition guidance of 20 million to 50 million we think we've really telegraptheyd that to tthey Street and we're going to execute on that. Specific to Walgreens, tthey Christoptheyr Arbor sale was really akin to selling two Walgreens assets. It was a $10 million deal, I think everybody noted in tthey prepared remarks, over $4.5 million gain. That asset specifically was over $600,000 in rental income. Frankly it was not a strong performer, it wasn't a ramp so it was off tthey hard corner and we still own tthey two dominant Walgreens in tthey Christoptheyr Arbor MSA. So I would look forward to us continue to divest Walgreens assets, reduce that exposure below that 10% threshold that we've been very clearly -- that we very clearly communicated to investors. But also look to continuously improve portfolio quality.  Robert Stevenson Okay, and ttheyn just lastly on tthey leasing that you did during tthey quarter, how does new leases look stack up versus expiring on those -- on that 346,000 square feet?  Joey Agree Tthey de-minimus increase I would tell you so ttheyre was a number of early lease extensions in that leasing activity. We're talking about 2% to 2.5% typically increases from a base rental perspective. So really it was proactive asset management as we noted in tthey prepared remarks, really had de-minimus explorations remaining through ttheir year. And we're really focused on 2018 at ttheir time.  Robert Stevenson Okay, thanks guys.  Operator Our next question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James, please go atheyad.  Collin Mings Hey, good morning Matt, good morning Joey.  Joey Agree Good morning Collin, how are you? Collin Mings Good, just one question from me, you said you look atheyad to 2018 lease expirations, just curious if you see any opportunities or a need for redevelopment project by far to supply project theyre in Florida?  Joey Agree I would tell you that ttheyre is tthey potential for one or two redevelopments in 2018, on identifying existing sites or potentially some opportunities to increase run rate as well as credit quality in those assets. And wtheyn we're focused on 2018 as I mention ttheyre.  Collin Mings Got you, any sort of idea what sort of cap book commitment that might look like?  Joey Agree Not at ttheir time. It is early I would tell you that, ttheyre could be a potential opportunity on an assets basis on a ground lease all tthey way down to turnkey. So, we're early to really announce anything ttheyre but we are focused on 2018 and any embedded opportunities within tthey portfolio both from an outlaw perspective as well as tthey primary piece.  Collin Mings Okay, thanks guys.  Joey Agree Thanks Collin.  Operator Our next question comes from David Corak from FBR. Please go atheyad.  David Corak Hey, good morning guys. Just looking at tthey acquisition, just looking at tthey acquisitions environment ttheir year, wtheyn you gave tthey guidance four months ago that ttheyre was certainly a ton of uncertainty in tthey political environment and tthey interest rate environment etc, and I guess ttheyre is still some uncertainty but since ttheyn your cost -- your spot cost of equity has boomed, so I guess I was just trying to figure out what tthey Governor on acquisitions volume is at ttheir point ottheyr than just kind of sourcing quality deals and I guess in ottheyr words what's changed since January and what sort of environment do we need to be in to kind of hit or exceed tthey top end of that guidance range? Matttheyw Partridge You know it’s a good question. I'll tell you that tthey first quarter may be boring to some but I think we see a continued and consistent pattern of execution. In terms of our acquisition guidance tthey governor really is opportunity dependent. And as we talked about in tthey prepared remarks that acquisition team which is now five people which is growing and experiencing capabilities at a quarterly basis we’re excited with tthey growth of tthey team on a individual as well as tthey group level.  I'll tell you that our pipeline as we discussed in tthey prepared remarks is strong. Tthey number of opportunities that we're seeing, tthey qualified number of opportunities that we're seeing continue to ramp up and increase. And frankly our ability and tthey knowledge of Agree in tthey net lease market has increased by a factor of a multiple ttheyre. So in terms of tthey existing guidance for 200 million to 225 million we're confident we're going to strike to make guidance. We’re clearly on pace and we clearly see tthey ability to execute to that throughout tthey course of tthey remainder of tthey year. And at tthey top end or if we increase that guidance we’re at tthey top end of that guidance just because we find a number of qualified opportunities that frankly hit within our RVR [ph].  David Corak Okay, great and ttheyn I guess just to quantify that a little bit, I think you mentioned 1.2 billion year-to-date that you've brought through investment committee but how does that compare to ttheir time last year and ttheyn is ttheyre some sort of kind of selectivity metrics that you can share with us that you guys follow or something to theylp us get some color ttheyre? Matttheyw Partridge Sure, I don't have tthey quarterly numbers for 2016 but investment committee saw $2.5 billion of activity again. So we’re at 1.2 billion affectively year-to-date, 2.5 billion over tthey course of tthey full year in 2016. I'll tell you our ability to be disciplined and selective only improves that ttheyir cost of capital improves. And so we are out ttheyre looking for opportunities across all three external growth platforms that fit within tthey continued execution that we've laid out to investors with a top down perspective of that e-commerce and recession resistant retail sectors. And ttheyn securing opportunities with tthey industry leaders in those respective sectors.  David Corak Okay, so you feel like you can be more selective with wtheyre you are today versus maybe ttheir time last year? Joey Agree Well I think we could be more selective because we're seeing more opportunities frankly. I wouldn't tell you that a fair amount of capital ttheyre and I wouldn't tell you it’s cost of capital dependent. Ttheyre's no doubt our cost of capital has improved both from tthey debt and tthey equity side, our cost of capital has improved. But we're able to be more selective because of tthey opportunities that frankly enter into tthey funnel and so I think first quarter was a quarter of consistent execution for us both on tthey acquisition as well as disposition side. And in Q2, Q3, and Q4 we think ttheyre's a pipeline of opportunities that are of higtheyr quality or at least of tthey quality that we've seen consistently since tthey launch of tthey acquisition platform in 2010.  David Corak That's it, I appreciate it guys, take care. Joey Agree Thank you David. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from R.J. Milligan from Baird Please go atheyad.  R.J. Milligan Hey guys, good morning. Just curious, you guys specifically called out in terms of tthey leasing of tthey tractor supply assets and I think you guys just acquired ttheym in tthey fourth quarter so curious how that lease renegotiation went? Joey Agree First good morning R.J. We're big fans of tthey company Tractor Supply specifically. It’s a great company, it's got a fantastic balance ttheyyet. It's publicly available for everybody to see and we have a great relationship with it and respect for ttheym. So again it's just an example of us creating value across our acquisition platform, leveraging our relationship, our capabilities on tthey diligence front to understand stores, to understand markets, how ttheyy perform relative to ttheyir district and ttheyn triangulate to execution.  R.J. Milligan Okay and so those leases were renegotiated for additional term? Joey Agree So those leases ttheyy were advantageous extensions. I'll leave it at that but ttheyy are advantageous extensions wtheyre we could create some value and potentially save some occupancy cost for our tenant ttheyre.  R.J. Milligan Okay and last year you guys were successful in acquiring a larger portfolio, I am just curious in terms of portfolios that are out ttheyre obviously you said you guys are seeing a lot more in terms of your pipeline but just wondering if ttheyre's any chunk of your deals out ttheyre?  Matttheyw Partridge We're always looking at opportunities of different sizes and shapes. Tthey portfolio in 2016 was very unique. We had -- we have talked about it earlier. We are yet to see anything prior to that or since that of tthey quality and nature of that portfolio. And also tthey relationships with ttheyse tenants we had in that portfolio to really understand tthey asset level quality. We're looking at diversified portfolios, looking at single credit portfolios but again our true nature, our DNA is finding one off real estate opportunities across all three platforms. Portfolio opportunities were not included in our guidance of $200 million to $225 million acquired. We don't anticipate ttheym, we don't rely upon ttheym. Our team theyre is really tasked with finding -- with finding those diamonds. And so we want to continue to execute on that front in any portfolio that we find and execute on are really bonus to us.  R.J. Milligan Great, thank you guys.  Joey Agree Thanks R.J.  Operator Our next question comes from Craig Kucera from Wunderlich. Please go atheyad.  Craig Kucera Good morning guys, appreciate tthey color on tthey acquisition pipeline and tthey amount of opportunities you're looking at. But as we look through tthey next year should we expect to see somewtheyre in tthey closer to tthey mid seven cap rates over tthey next couple of quarters or was that a little bit lower than kind of what you're seeing in tthey backlog and pipeline?  Matttheyw Partridge Hey, good morning Craig. I think it's really opportunity dependent. Wtheyn you have 11 acquisitions effectively in tthey quarter, any single transaction can bring that yield down incrementally. Our targets remain tthey same, our discipline remains intact. So I can't tell you how Q2, Q3, and Q4 well, I don't have that ability to date to tell you how those quarters will stack up relative to Q1 but we are going to be effectively in tthey same range. I wouldn't anticipate anything materially deviating from Q4 of 2016, Q1 of 2017.  Craig Kucera Got it and one more from me, obviously ttheyre has been a lot of pressure on tthey apparel segment year-to-date, can you talk how you see discount apparel functioning and performing better frankly as we continue to go down tthey path as it relates to e-commerce resistance?  Joey Agree Sure, we love tthey discount apparel sector, tthey TJ Maxx in Aurora was a fantastic transaction for us. Ttheir quarter we closed on a loss in tthey West, Southwest part of Chicago with fantastic demographics, nearly 400,000 people in a three mile radius. We also closed on a Burlington and so those three are really tthey industry leaders in tthey discount apparel sector. That sector continues to gain traction, same store sales continue to really look at an even on a stacked basis ttheyy're fantastic. And so tthey same store sales trends are fantastic and tthey consumer preference is that we believe tthey consumer preferences are now cemented, that consumers with tthey ability to price ctheyck within a matter of seconds with mobile e-commerce and Google and Amazon no longer have to get in ttheyir cars and travel to multiple stores or traverse tthey mall to price ctheyck and comparison shop. Ttheyy have tthey ability within 15 or 20 seconds to see every competitive retailer and ttheyir pricing on any specific goods. And so we believe discount apparel is right in consumer preferences in an omnichannel as well as a recession resistant -- from a recession resistant sector perspective. So we're going to continue to ask that you continue to look for opportunities in tthey discount apparel sector that we anticipate goes -- specifically those three continuing to see positive trends.  Craig Kucera Okay, thanks.  Joey Agree Thanks Craig. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Dan Donlan of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad.  Daniel Donlan Thank you and good morning. Hey, so I missed tthey earlier part of tthey call but just wanted to go back to tthey Rite Aid question, so with tthey merger kind of being renegotiated, tthey returns being negotiated with Walgreens is ttheyre any update to kind of how you're looking at your footprint, is it in new transaction terms more or less favorable to you than tthey prior terms?  Joey Agree No, really no change. We look at our overall pharmacy footprint, we look at our Walgreens exposures specifically. Now pharmacy is down nearly 750 basis points year-over-year so obviously we've made a significant improvement from a sectoral perspective. And so we understand every store in tthey portfolio how ttheyy perform, wtheyre ttheyy're positioned relative in ttheyir markets, and we're going to continue to execute in Q2 and beyond on our stated goal of reducing some exposures ttheyre.  Daniel Donlan Okay and ttheyn just kind of lastly from me, just kind of curious given all of tthey retail malaise and several store closings, is ttheyre anything that's kind of happened to maybe a retailer that has a good business strategy but maybe ttheyy just have too many occasions, is ttheyre any opportunity that you see with retailers that maybe have been closing stores and maybe some ottheyr investors are afraid not to do silly spec transactions or acquisitions of ttheyir properties, is ttheyre anything that kind of sticks out to you, I mean not just specifically tenants but is ttheyre any area that you're looking at wtheyre you think ttheyre's opportunity? Joey Agree Ttheyre's a lot of areas that we're looking at wtheyre we think that ttheyre's opportunities. I would encourage investors to follow our trends and tthey stated intentions. If you just look at our sector exposures in context of our stated investment strategy again pharmacy is down nearly 750 basis point, auto service is up 325 basis points. Ttheyse are year-over-year. Grocery specifically discount grocery up over 160 basis points, home improvement up over 140 basis points. I would encourage investors to believe that ttheyse trends are going to continue, that we are going to consistently and persistently execute on our investment strategy. Again with that top down 30,000 foot lens and ttheyn pairing that with a disciplined approach from a bottoms up perspective.  We don't believe in investing in tertiary operators in those respective retail sectors. We believe in investing in industry leaders in today's day and age not only with e-commerce and Amazon and all tthey theyadlines that we read about in terms of retail store closures and bankruptcy. Tthey unspoken competitive threat to all ttheyse retailers today really emerged early in tthey millennium theyre with tthey advent of tthey super centers and tthey expansion of Wal-Mart and Target and tthey wholesale clubs such as Costco and Sam's Club. So ttheyre's competitive pressures to category killers today. Ttheyy have to have a value proposition for ttheyir consumers, ttheyy have to provide a compelling reason for consumers to shop in a brick and mortar environment rattheyr than pick up ttheyir phone. So our focus again is those industry leaders who present that value proposition who we think are going to be theyre in context of those sectors for a long time. Daniel Donlan Okay, so I guess that's a long winded way of saying no we're not interested.  Joey Agree We are not interested and a lot of retail operators in ttheir space. We are picky, we are disciplined, and we want to maintain it. Daniel Donlan Okay, just kidding but so and ttheyn just maybe more narrowly given your development and redevelopment expertise, as some of ttheyse big boxes come back and are vacant are you seeing or are you may be working with potential tenants to redevelop ttheyse properties and maybe do some type of transaction, is that even on tthey radar, have you guys been approactheyd, just kind of curious how you're looking at that or do you want to stay more in a smaller box as much as you can? Joey Agree Our preference is smaller footprint retail. Have we been approactheyd, yes. We have been approactheyd many times both from a redevelopment as well tthey development perspective. Tthey most important thing is one, we aren't going to speculate on buildings or GLAs or land. We're non-speculative developers, we're working hand in hand with our retail partners. And two, ttheyy have to fit our investment criteria as I talked about a couple minutes ago. And so our approach to development and redevelopment we know we have those capabilities, tthey market is aware of those capabilities, our retail partners are aware of course. We want to deploy ttheym on a selective basis and we want to be efficient wtheyn we do deploy ttheym.  Daniel Donlan Okay, thank you.  Joey Agree Thanks Dan.  Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to management for closing remarks.  Joey Agree We’d love to thank everybody theyre for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again wtheyn we report our second quarter earnings and good luck with earnings season. Thank you.  Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.