ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 18, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Timothy Hamilton - Investor Relations Manager Chris Martin - Chief Executive Officer Jay Feingold - Chief Medical Officer Jenn Creel - Chief Financial Officer Frank Herron - Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Konstantinos Aprilakis - Stifel Operator Thank you for holding. Good morning and welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Financial and Operating Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey formal remarks, we will open up tthey call for your questions. Please be advised, that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. At ttheir time. I'd like to turn it over to Timothy Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager at ADC Ttheyrapeutics. Please proceed. Timothy Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and year end 2020 financial results and business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases' section. On today's call; Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Jay Feingold, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer will discuss recent business highlights and review our fourth quarter and year end 2020 financial results. In addition, Frank Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer will be available for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey statement is contained in our Ethanual Report on Form 20-F filed today with tthey SEC. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to, and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's fourth quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Chris Martin Thanks, Timothy, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. We made tremendous progress over tthey last year at ADC Ttheyrapeutics. We reported several meaningful data readouts across our programs at key medical meetings such as EHA and ASH. Advanced our promising development pipeline of potent and targeted antibody drug conjugates for patients. We built out our commercial team and infrastructure and financed tthey company to ensure we can execute on our goals and objectives. During tthey fourth quarter, we saw much of ttheir hard work come togettheyr wtheyn we received FDA acceptance of our BLA submission for our lead product candidate, Lonca, in tthey treatment of relapsed refractory DLBCL. As we approach on May 21, PDUFA date and tthey planned commercial launch, we are ensuring that we are well prepared across our commercial, medical affairs, CMC, and support functions. I'll share more about our launch preparations in a moment. For our second lead program, Cami, we completed enrollment in our pivotal trial, bringing us one step closer to potentially addressing an unmet need in theyavily pre-treated Hodgkin lymphoma patients. We look forward to reporting our updated interim data from tthey trial in tthey first half of ttheir year. Jay will go into more detail on tthey Cami program shortly. We also had a very productive research pipeline at ADC Ttheyrapeutics, and we are continuing to invest in our research portfolio. To support ttheir effort, we are moving our London-based research team to a new state-of-tthey-art Antibody Drug Conjugate Research Center at tthey Translation & Innovation Hub or I-HUB of Imperial College in Central London. Tthey Research Center would enable furttheyr innovation, including tthey advancement of our ADC platform and pipeline of seven preclinical and research-stage programs. As we continue to build out our global footprint, we announced in December, tthey formation and launch of a new joint venture, Overland ADCT BioPharma to develop and commercialize four of ADCT's product candidates for theymatologic and solid tumors in Greater China and Singapore. I would now like to give you a more in-depth update for Lonca and our launch prepare - preparations. In November, tthey FDA accepted our BLA filing for Lonca and granted priority review with a PDUFA target date of May 21st, 2021. As we have previously discussed, ttheir submission is based on data from our pivotal Phase 2 trial, LOTIS 2, which evaluated tthey efficacy and safety of Lonca in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, following two or more lines of prior systemic ttheyrapy. Tthey data demonstrates significant single agent activity and durability, as well as manageable toxicities across a broad population of relapsed or refractory DLBCL patients, including patients with difficult-to-treat disease. We're finalizing our preparations for Lonca's launch subject to approval. We have deployed a highly experienced and focused oncology field medical affairs team who has been very successfully engaging with thought leaders, academic medical centers, and community leaders across tthey country. We're very encouraged with tthey access to leading DLBCL clinicians and tthey valuable insights we have gained through ttheyse interactions. Our sales force is fully onboard and making tthey final preparations for anticipated launch. We have recruited a national sales force of seasoned oncology professionals with deep theymatological experience, strong local networks, and tthey experience to effectively communicate tthey longer value proposition. Our launch plans include customer engagement ranging from purely virtual, to hybrid, to face-to-face interactions. And our teams are ready and well positioned to engage all of our customers with an individual approach, respecting local and institutional guidelines as well as tthey customer preference. We have developed multichannel communications to ensure that all key audiences, physicians, nurses, office managers, payers, and patients receive tthey necessary information and support to ensure tthey open access and safe administration of Lonca. Our Account Directors and MSLs have begun appropriate discussions with payers and ottheyr key stakeholders regarding tthey unmet medical needs in patients with DLBCL. As our cross-functional teams have met with access stakeholders, our MSLs have been able to address questions about tthey differentiated profile of Lonca. Tthey 10,500 third-line plus DLBCL patients estimated in tthey US and EU create a market size of $1 billion, and we believe that Lonca's differentiated profile creates an opportunity for it to become tthey standard of care in third line. We are also on track from a CMC perspective. All of our contract manufacturers are highly experienced, for example, Avid, Lonza and BSP, and all have been previously inspected by regulatory agencies. We also implementing our third-party supply logistics in tthey US to ensure our launch readiness. In addition to our launch preparations, we have also made important progress towards realizing tthey full potential of Lonca through our lifecycle development efforts. We are fully developing Lonca to move into earlier lines of treatment and new indications in tthey future. I will now hand tthey call over to our Chief Medical Officer, Jay Feingold, who will discuss ttheir as well as Cami and our earlier-stage programs in greater detail. Jay? Jay Feingold Thank you, Chris and good morning. I'm pleased to present an update today on both tthey clinical and preclinical programs, starting with our lead program, Lonca. As Chris mentioned, we see great opportunity to expand tthey addressable patient population. Updated data from our LOTIS 2 single-arm, open-label, 145-patient Phase 2 clinical trial were presented at tthey recent ASH Meeting in December. Ttheyse data continue to demonstrate Lonca's significant and durable antitumor activity. Based on tthey robust single-agent activity, we are currently advancing multiple clinical trials, evaluating Lonca in combinations with earlier lines of ttheyrapy in DLBCL and in additional theirtologies. First among ttheyse studies is our ongoing pivotal Phase 2 LOTIS 3 trial and Lonca combined with ibrutinib for patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma or mantle cell lymphoma, which is intended to support tthey submission of a supplemental BLA. Interim data for ttheir trial were presented at ASH and showed encouraging efficacy and manageable toxicity and an overall response rate of 62.9% across all patients, and 67% in non-GCB DLBCL patients. Enrollment for tthey pivotal Phase 2 portion of tthey trial is ongoing, with 26 out of 66 non-GCB patients enrolled as of February 12. We expect to report additional data for tthey Phase 1 portion of ttheir trial in tthey first half of ttheir year. We also want to share you our Phase 3 LOTIS 5 clinical trial of Lonca in combination with rituximab. Ttheir confirmatory trial is designed to fulfill our post-marketing requirement to tthey FDA for full approval if accelerated approval is received for relapsed or refractory DLBCL. LOTIS 5 is also intended to support a supplemental BLA for Lonca as our second line ttheyrapy for relapsed or refractory DLBCL patients who are not eligible for stem cell transplant. Tthey trial is evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of Lonca in combination with rituximab versus tthey standard immunoctheymottheyrapy and tthey primary endpoint is progression-free survival. In order to ensure that all eligible patients have access to Lonca, at tthey start of 2021, we initiated an expanded access program for patients in tthey United States with relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Tthey FDA approved tthey program requires treating physicians in tthey US to request access for patients cannot be treated by currently available drugs, cell ttheyrapy or clinical trials. We intend to initiate several additional Lonca trials ttheir year. First, we plan to commence a pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial in follicular lymphoma in tthey first half, inefficient, we will also evaluate Lonca in multiple combinations in B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Finally, we plan to initiate tthey dose-finding study of Lonca in combination with R-CHOP in first-line DLBCL. All ttheyse trials will accelerate tthey development of Lonca in tthey earlier lines of ttheyrapy across B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Moving to our second lead program, Cami, we have made progress across both our HL and solid tumor programs. We completed tthey enrollment in Phase 2 pivotal trial in patients with relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. Interim data for ttheir trial were presented at ASH. Tthey data as of August 24th, 2020, includes tthey 51 treated patients who had a median of 7 prior lines of ttheyrapy. Ttheyse data were consistent with tthey Phase 1 trial, demonstrating encouraging single-agent antitumor activity. Tthey overall response rate for ttheir patient population was 83%, with a complete response rate of 38.3%. No new safety signals were observed and tthey trend with regard to Guillain–Barre syndrome remains unchanged, suggesting Cami's potential to offer an effective treatment with a management and safety profile to address tthey unmet medical need in theyavily pre-treated patients. As of January 29th, with 117 patients were enrolled in tthey trial. Updated data from ttheir trial expected in tthey first half of 2021 and we expect ttheyse data to support in tthey FDA BLA submission through relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. In addition to our HL program, in May 2020, we dosed our first patient with Cami in combination with pembrolizumab, a ctheyckpoint inhibitor, in ongoing Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with selected advanced solid tumors. Tthey multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation and dose-expansion trial is evaluating tthey safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and antitumor activity of Cami as monottheyrapy or in combination with pembrolizumab, and trial was expanded into a combination arm as a result of encouraging PD and biomarker data presented at tthey ESMO Congress in September 2020. Tthey enrollment is ongoing. In our earlier-stage pipeline, MBNs continues to enroll a Phase 1/2 trial of ADCT-602 targeting CD22 in relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia. We are also preparing to initiate a Phase 1b combination trial with a ADCT-601 targeting AXL in patients with certain solid tumors in tthey second half of 2021. In addition, we've planned to submit an IND for ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 for tthey treatment of advanced solid tumors with high unmet medical need in tthey first half of 2021. Ttheyn finally, we have a robust R&D pipeline, with seven programs in preclinical development. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jenn to give a financial update. Jenn Creel Thank you, Jay and good morning, everyone. As we reported in our press release, we ended tthey year with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $439.2 million as compared to approximately $115.6 million as of December 31st, 2019. We used approximately $51.7 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey fourth quarter and $168.7 million in net cash for tthey full year 2020. We expect our spend to continue to increase over tthey next few quarters, funded by our strong balance ttheyyet, as we prepare for tthey anticipated launch of Lonca and continue to invest in our broad pipeline. R&D expenses were $48.6 million for tthey fourth quarter and $142 million for tthey full year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $30.4 million and $107.5 million for tthey same quarter and full year 2019. Tthey increase for tthey quarter and for tthey full year was primarily due to tthey growth of our R&D organization to support tthey Lonca BLA submission, medical affairs, pre-launch activities and multiple Lonca and Cami clinical programs. During tthey fourth quarter of 2020, we started to present sales and marketing expenses as a separate line item in anticipation of tthey commercial launch of Lonca. Sales and marketing expenses were $9.4 million for tthey quarter and $22.1 million for tthey full year ended December 31, 2020. Tthey company did not incur a material amount of sales and marketing expenses during tthey quarter and full year ended December 31, 2019. And those 2019 expenses were classified as general and administrative. Tthey increase in sales and marketing related to tthey build out of tthey company's commercial organization and investments in preparation for tthey anticipated launch of Lonca in mid-2021. G&A expenses were $20.1 million for tthey quarter and $55.1 million for tthey full year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $5.3 million and $14.2 million for tthey same quarter and year end 2019. Tthey increase was primarily due to increased share-based compensation expense and tthey cost of being a public company. Our net loss was $55.9 million for tthey fourth quarter and $246.3 million for tthey full year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $35.3 million and $116.5 million for tthey same quarter and full year 2019. Net loss was impacted by share-based compensation expense of $15.4 million for tthey fourth quarter and $42.9 million for tthey full year 2020. We also recognized a gain of $24.5 million during tthey quarter and full year and ended December 31, 2020, related to our contribution of our intellectual property to tthey Overland ADCT BioPharma joint venture. Tthey net loss for tthey full year ended December 31, 2020 also includes a non-cash charge of $45.4 million related to tthey changes in fair value of derivatives associated with tthey convertible loans under tthey convertible credit facility with Deerfield. Tthey year-to-date increase in fair value was driven by tthey increase in tthey company's share price since its initial public offering in May 2020. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.73 in tthey fourth quarter and $3.77 for tthey full year 2020, compared to $0.69 and $2.36 in tthey fourth quarter and full year 2019. Finally, our adjusted net loss excludes certain items, including tthey Deerfield convertible loan, share-based compensation and tthey gain related to tthey contribution of IP to tthey Overland ADCT BioPharma joint venture. Adjusted net loss was $63 million for tthey fourth quarter and $176.1 million for tthey full year 2020, compared to $34.5 million and $115.4 million in tthey same quarter and full year 2019. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.82 for tthey quarter and $2.69 for tthey year ending December 31, 2020, compared to $0.68 and $2.34 for tthey same quarter and full year 2019. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris Martin Thanks, Jenn. As I said earlier in tthey call, ttheir year has been a remarkable one for ADCT and we are eager to maintain ttheir momentum going forward. As we are working to ensure that we are well prepared for tthey successful launch of Lonca, if approved. We are also excited about advancing tthey ottheyr programs in our pipeline. To expand Lonca to earlier lines of ttheyrapy, in tthey first half of 2021, we expect to begin a pivotal Phase 2 trial in follicular lymphoma and tthey first line dose-finding study with R-CHOP. We will also report our updated data from tthey Phase 1 trial of Lonca in combination with ibrutinib in relapsed or refractory DLBCL, as well as complete enrollment in tthey pivotal Phase 2 expansion portion of ttheir study. Later in tthey year, we expect to report data from tthey safety lead-in of tthey Phase 3 of LOTIS 5 confirmatory trial in combination with rituximab. Moving to Cami. We await interim results from tthey pivotal Phase 2 trial in HL in tthey first half of tthey year, and continue enrollment for tthey Phase 1b clinical trial of Cami in combination with pembro for tthey treatment of selected advanced solid tumors. In our earliest stage clinical programs, we will continue patient enrollments in tthey ongoing Phase 1 study of ADCT-602, targeting tthey CD22 in acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and we plan to start a Phase 1b combination study of ADCT-601 targeting AXL in multiple solid tumors in tthey second half of ttheir year. Lastly, we continue to advance our preclinical assets and anticipate an IND submission for ADCT-901, targeting KAAG1, in tthey first half of 2021. I look forward to updating you on our progress in tthey future. And we'll now open tthey floor for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now take any questions you may have. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tazeen Ahmad with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question. Tazeen Ahmad Hello, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Chris, just wanted to get your thoughts on how interactions with FDA are going as you approach your first PDUFA? Ttheyre have been instances recently of a surprise feedback from CA, actually across multiple ttheyrapeutic areas. And so with that in mind, I think investors are going to be keenly interested in theyaring about how your discussions are going? And if you think you're on track to an uneventful hopefully PDUFA in tthey middle of tthey year? And ttheyn secondly, can you just remind us of how big of an initial commercial team you will launch with Lonca? How much of your commercial endeavors will initially be virtual? And how we should think about tthey early ramp expectations? Thank you. Chris Martin Good morning, Tazeen. Thank you for those questions. I'll ask Jay to answer tthey first question, because they's daily interacting with ttheir. And perhaps Frank can ttheyn jump in on tthey commercial side. Jay? Jay Feingold Sure, thanks. Good morning, Tazeen Ahmad. And with regard to tthey FDA, we've been very actively engaged with ttheym. Tthey process is moving along nicely. Ttheyre have been absolutely no issues to-date. We have no reason to anticipate any problems with eittheyr site business to manufacturing facilities with - to clinical sites, everything is going along very well. Tazeen Ahmad Thanks, Jay. Are your visits - are tthey visits virtual to tthey sites or are ttheyy in-person? Jay Feingold Look, sort of a combination, but I'll leave it at that. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. Frank Herron Okay. Tazeen, hi. Ttheir is Frank, thanks for your questions around tthey commercialization of Lonca. I think I've mentioned before that you know, we have built an entire commercial organization and infrastructure to enable launch on our own, and we're very excited about that opportunity to bring Lonca to patients. We have a customer-facing team that's over 70 highly skilled individuals deepened with oncology, theymatology experience that spans market access, medical affairs, and sales, and we've sized our organization to cover more than 90% of tthey DLBCL opportunity. In terms of our deployment or how we're going to deploy, we've trained all of ttheyse teams already to launch Lonca in a hybrid environment, which is going to include, as Chris mentioned in their earlier remarks, you know, purely virtual engagement through hybrid and ttheyn opportunistic face-to-face meetings, and tthey teams have actually already been operating in ttheir hybrid approach. And we think that we're going to monitor carefully as we go through tthey launch. It is fairly dynamic and it's variable across tthey country, but we're going to be very opportunistic in managing and monitoring tthey in-market performance very carefully. In terms of tthey launch uptake, you know, we're confident and prepared that we believe Lonca represents a meaningful treatment for patients with relapsed/refractory DLBCL. As I’ve alluded to, we've got a soptheirticated plan to maximize that uptake, and we expect our launch to be very successful and well received by customers and patients and payers. Tazeen Ahmad Okay, thanks, Jen. Maybe just one quick follow-up. In your discussions with physicians, have ttheyy've been talking about, you know, patients during COVID reducing ttheyir visits and seeing physicians with less frequency? We have theyard that from ottheyr oncology companies, as difficult as that might seem, people are skipping important appointments. And so, just wanted to get a sense if you're theyaring that. Frank Herron Yeah, I really think it depends on tthey specific tumor types that you're talking about. I think in tthey relapsed/refractory DLBCL setting, because of tthey aggressive nature of tthey disease, we have not theyard that type of patient behavior, if you will, from physicians directly. But I do - I am aware that ottheyr companies have made, mentioned that you know COVID because of patient visit has interrupted ttheyir business to some extent. But we don't - we do not expect that, particularly as tthey country is opening up a little bit more. Tazeen Ahmad Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question. Matttheyw Harrison Thanks, good morning. So I guess just one follow-up to tthey commentary you made about tthey site visits. Has ttheyre been, I guess, specifically, has ttheyre been a manufacturing inspection or is ttheyre one sctheyduled? And just if you could comment on that. And ttheyn I guess two ottheyr questions. First, on, I believe in your prepared remarks, I theyard you make a comment about a frontline study with R-CHOP. Could you just talk about what sort of, I guess what sort of signal you would look for an early study to make an investment ttheyre? Because obviously, a pivotal study ttheyre would be quite long and quite expensive. And ttheyn, secondarily, I guess, could you comment on tthey CD25 solid tumor combination study? And I guess tthey real question theyre is, how are you or what are you going to look for in that initial study to figure out if you're getting incremental activity versus PD model [ph]? Thanks. Jay Feingold Okay, so. Matt, if I forget any of those questions, just remind me. With regard to tthey first question, we've not provided much detail with regard to FDA interactions. But I think it's fair to say that, as far as we know, all of tthey FDA's investigation notice of our manufacturing is complete. So can we leave it at that for tthey moment? Matttheyw Harrison Sure, sure. Thank you. Jay Feingold In terms of Lonca plus R-CHOP, it's really a great question. Tthey first thing I would point out is, can you get Lonca in addition to R-CHOP? And so, it's a dose-finding study, and depending on what sort of signal we see, ttheyn we have to identify which population of frontline patients we want to go to, is it tthey broad population or a specific subpopulation? But first, we need to see, first and foremost, can we get tthey two togettheyr? As you know, I'm not a fan of eliminating tthey parts of R-CHOP but would rattheyr add it to it would be my preference, if it's possible. And ttheyn can you remind me what tthey third question was, I'm sorry? Matttheyw Harrison Yeah. So tthey third question was basically Cami plus PD1 that Phase 1 study that you're starting. How are you going to - what are you going to look at in terms of eittheyr clinical data or biomarkers to figure out if you're getting incremental activity over PD1 in those solid tumor patients? Jay Feingold Yeah, that's a great question. Thanks. So wtheyre PD1 is approved, obviously, we have to see some incremental improvement in response above what PD1 is known to do itself. So until tthey times wtheyn it's approved, that's what you'd expect to see. Wtheyre it's not approved, ttheyre have been studies in many different tumors wtheyre it's not approved, but ttheyre's data, right. So again, we would have to be able to show against literature wtheyre it's available while we're adding anything in terms of responsiveness. Tthey ottheyr place we have to look, of course, is that tthey durability response, which is always of course, extremely important, and you know clinical benefit beyond just responding. So I think those are tthey things that we're looking for. We are doing a variety of biomarker studies as part of ttheir study and we'll have more to say on that in tthey future. Matttheyw Harrison Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question come from Konstantinos Aprilakis with Stifel. You may proceed with your question. Konstantinos Aprilakis Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I've got a few on LOTIS 3 and ttheyn one on tthey competitive landscape. So first on tthey pivotal Phase 2 portion of LOTIS 3, you're guiding to enrollment completion in tthey first half of ttheir year. That seems to be atheyad of sctheydule since you only initiated dosing in July of last year? Can you comment on tthey pace of enrollment for that trial and perhaps what is driving its rapidity? And should we expect initial data from ttheir trial by year end? And ttheyn I'll wait for tthey follow-up for tthey next question. Jay Feingold Thanks for not stretching my memory. So in terms of tthey first question, yeah ttheyre's been one and let's say, it has been steady. I can't - I don't recall just predicting tthey enrolment will take longer than tthey first half. But I remain optimistic we can still complete tthey enrollment ttheir year. Tthey study is going to require some follow-up of tthey response data. So I don't think at ttheir point I can advise that wtheyn we might see data from that trial from tthey Phase 2 part of that trial. Konstantinos Aprilakis Okay, got it. And ttheyn on tthey competitive landscape just earlier ttheir week, your competitor in tthey DLBCL space were posted, you know, provided revenue guidance for 2021 fell short of consensus. You know, what learnings have you been able to glean from Gary's recent entry into tthey DLBCL market, both with respect to impact from tthey ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and positioning with community oncologists versus academic centers? Jay Feingold I'll leave back to Jenn. Jenn Creel Yeah, thanks. Konstantinos, thanks for tthey question. Yeah. So I mean, in terms of tthey learnings that we've had as we've been monitoring landscape, I mean, it's been a really exciting time to be in relapsed/refractory DLBCL. And you know over tthey last say 18 months to 24 months, ttheyre have been a couple new options for patients, which is exciting and really good news for patients. I think it also underlies tthey continuing unmet medical need in relapsed/refractory DLBCL. I think that, you know, with Lonca, we have a unique opportunity, because we have a differentiated profile. As we put our profile even against tthey competitors in front of treating physicians with academic and community, tthey profiles resonate with ttheym as a real world example of tthey patients that ttheyy're treating every day. And so you know we are very excited about tthey opportunity, hopefully in tthey very near future to bring Lonca to physicians and patients. We are confident in our plans. And we're just looking for FDA approval so that we're - we are ready to launch right now, but we'll have to wait for FDA approval. Konstantinos Aprilakis All right. Thanks, guys. Looking forward to it. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Chris Martin for any closing remarks. Chris Martin Well, thank you. Thank you all very much for joining our call today. We look forward to keep you updated on our progress. And I wish you all a good day. Thank you. Bye. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.