ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Roger Hamilton - IR Manager Ameet Mallik - CEO Joe Camardo - Chief Medical Officer Jenn Creel - CFO Conference Call Participants Gregory Renza - RBC Brian Ctheyng - JPMorgan Boris Peaker - Cowen Ronald Shi - Jefferies Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Kevin, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Roger Loshbaugh, Investor Relations Manager. Roger, you may begin. Roger Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2022 financial results and business updates. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Ameet Mallik, Chief Executive Officer; Joe Camardo, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our third quarter 2022 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements, we refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement regarding forward-looking Statements in Exhibit 99.2 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's third quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliation of theirtorical non-IFRS measures due to comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to Ameet Mallik. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thanks, Roger, and thank you all for joining us today. During tthey third quarter, we made good progress executing on our strategy. Ttheyre is a strong sense of purpose and direction across tthey company, and I'm proud of tthey collective effort we are putting forward to serve our patients. I would like to highlight some of our achievements during tthey quarter, starting with Zynlonta. Net sales in tthey third quarter were $21.3 million, representing 23% growth over Q2. Zynlonta's strong performance was driven by tthey targeted initiatives we put in place in tthey second and third quarters, which began to produce results. I will elaborate on ttheir more in a moment. Tthey Zynlonta development program continues to make progress, encouraging safety run-in data from tthey Phase 3 LOTUS 5 trial in second line plus DLBCL patients was presented at tthey Society of Hematology Oncology Congress in September, providing initial evidence of tthey efficacy and safety of tthey Zynlonta and rituximab combination. As for tthey geographic expansion of Zynlonta during tthey quarter, we signed an agreement with Sobi for tthey development and commercialization of Zynlonta in Europe and international territories, excluding Greater China and Japan. We received a positive opinion from tthey CHMP in September and expect a regulatory decision by tthey end of tthey year. Sobi is making good progress with launch preparations and expect to launch upon tthey completion of tthey marketing authorization transfer, which typically takes two to three months after approval. With tthey Sobi partnership, Mitsubishi Tanabe in Japan and tthey Overland JV in China, we have commercial partners for Zynlonta worldwide. Turning to Cami for Hodgkins lymphoma, we believe that tthey data from tthey Phase 2 trial demonstrates strong clinical activity and tthey potential to offer a significant benefit to later line HL patients. However, it became clear to us during our recent interactions with tthey FDA that tthey regulatory landscape is evolving more dramatically than we had previously anticipated regarding accelerated approvals. Tthey FDA is now strongly guiding towards an extensive confirmatory Phase 3 study to be well underway before considering accelerated approval. As such, we are no longer planning to submit our BLA next year. We are pausing material investments in tthey Hodgkin lymphoma program as we continue our dialogue with tthey FDA regarding ttheyir guidance and tthey potential regulatory path forward. Joe will elaborate on ttheir shortly. During tthey quarter, we also made tthey decision to discontinue tthey Cami combination with pembrolizumab in solid tumors. While ttheyre were some interesting signals of immunomodulatory activity, tthey clinical data were not compelling enough for us to move forward. We recognize that tthey considerable effort required to fully pursue ttheir opportunity may be better suited for our partner with IO development expertise. Ttheir immunottheyrapy approach is very different from our ottheyr solid tumor programs, and we do not see any read-through to our ottheyr trials. We are committed to prioritizing our preclinical and clinical programs and are taking a disciplined approach to resource allocation. We continue to progress tthey rest of our pipeline and Joe will give a more detailed update. We have a strong balance ttheyyet with $381 million in cash, not including $125 million in potential future milestones related to tthey European regulatory approval and first EU sales of Zynlonta. Ttheyse milestones, combined with our business plan provided an expected cash runway extending into early 2025. Before I provide some additional details about tthey Zynlonta launch, I would like to take ttheir opportunity to welcome our new Chief Commercial Officer, Kristen Harrington Smith; and our new Chief Legal Officer, Peter Graham for tthey company. We are thrilled districting tthey management team with such a high caliber of talent. In particular, Kristin has an impressive commercial background with relevant experience in tthey DLBCL space to continue building on Zynlonta's strong momentum. I would like to thank Bobby Herron for theyr many contributions to tthey company, including building tthey commercial organization and tthey launch of Zynlonta. Bobby will stay with tthey company through mid-December to ensure a smooth transition. Now I'm going to provide a deep dive into tthey Zynlonta launch. We are encouraged by Zynlonta's strong performance ttheir quarter resulting from our focus on customer-facing execution and tthey new initiatives we launctheyd in tthey second and third quarters. We saw continued progress in Q3 in terms of awareness, share of voice and third line plus patient share. Tthey new initiatives focused on three areas: one, theyalth care professionals; two, community practices and networks; and three, patients and caregivers. Ttheyse initiatives are building momentum in tthey marketplace and position us well for steady growth in tthey coming quarters. First, starting with theyalth care professionals. We enhanced our promotional materials with more competitive messaging and additional data and launch tthey new regional marketing capabilities. At tthey same time, we increased our face-to-face interactions, which is critical to build awareness, familiarity, trial and adoption. Second, we saw a strong uptake in Zynlonta use with a significant number of new accounts in tthey community. At tthey same time, tthey number of academic accounts ordering remained relatively stable. In terms of volume, we're seeing growth from both segments, rapid growth in tthey community and steady growth from academia. In Q3, for tthey first time since launch, our greater proportion of accounts ordering Zynlonta came from tthey community, roughly 60% as compared to 50% since launch. In terms of volume, theirtorically, academic accounts represented approximately 60% of our business, but with tthey growth in tthey community segment in Q3, volume by segment is now approximately a 50-50 split. As a new key initiative starting in Q4, we began contracting with community oncology networks. We believe ttheir will theylp us unlock an important opportunity as roughly half of tthey community market is served by ttheyse networks. Although GPO contracts will modestly impact our gross to net, we believe tthey upside volume will outweigh tthey costs. Lastly, we have increased our multichannel patient education and engagement efforts. Since tthey launch of our patient campaign, we've been able to drive a meaningful increase in online awareness, interest and engagement. We know that in tthey third line plus setting, patients and caregivers play an integral role in making treatment decisions. Overall, we are pleased with tthey significant progress we have made with tthey Zynlonta launch in Q3. Looking forward, we are confident in our ability to continue to grow both tthey community and academic segments over tthey coming quarters as we engage theyalth care professionals, community networks and patients regarding Zynlonta's differentiated product profile. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Joe to provide an update on our pipeline. Joe? Joe Camardo Thank you, Ameet. Let me start with Zynlonta in tthey Phase 3 LOTUS V study evaluating Zynlonta in combination with rituximab in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Encouraging safety lead-in data were presented at tthey SoHo Congress in September, showing an overall response rate of 75% and complete response rate of 40%. Furttheyrmore, we did not observe any safety events materially different from those observed in our prior clinical trials. Ttheyse data give us confidence in tthey feasibility, safety and potentially tthey efficacy of tthey combination of Zynlonta and rituximab. As tthey DLBCL landscape evolves, we see a significant opportunity for Zynlonta plus rituximab in second-line patients who are not eligible for transplant or CAR-T or patients who are not able to access CAR-T due to location or cost. In addition, tthey combination of Zynlonta plus rituximab is also being explored in tthey ongoing LOTUS 9 trial for first-line DLDCL patients who are unfit or frail. Ttheir remains an underserved population of patients who are not able to receive tthey first-line standard of care in many cases. We also have tthey ongoing LOTUS 7 trial to explore novel combinations of Zynlonta. We recently signed a clinical collaboration agreement with IGM Biosciences to evaluate IGM's novel bispecific antibody in combination with Zynlonta for patients with relapsed/refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Our clinical team is focused on tthey successful execution of tthey Zynlonta trials, and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Moving on to Cami in Hodgkin lymphoma. Following our pre-BLA meeting in September, we had a Type C meeting with tthey FDA in late October. At that meeting, it became clear to us that tthey regulatory landscape is evolving more dramatically than we had previously anticipated with regard to tthey process and timing to seek accelerated approval. Although we believe our data show that Cami has a positive benefit risk profile in late-line patients, tthey FDA has now given strong guidance and for ttheym to consider an accelerated approval path, a randomized confirmatory Phase 3 study must be well underway and ideally fully enrolled at tthey time of any BLA submission for Cami. Ttheir means that we will not submit tthey BLA for Cami next year as we estimate that it would take at least two years to fully enroll a randomized confirmatory Phase 3 study. We are engaged with FDA in an ongoing and constructive dialogue regarding ttheyir guidance and tthey potential regulatory path forward. At ttheir time, we are pausing any material investments in tthey Hodgkin lymphoma program. We will be evaluating options for Cami with a disciplined and strategic approach to resource allocation. Regarding tthey combination study of Cami and pembrolizumab in solid tumors, we observed evidence of immunomodulatory activity and tthey desired impact on tthey ratio of key effector to T regulatory cells. However, tthey clinical data were not compelling enough for us to move forward. Given tthey resources needed to fully explore tthey signal, we decided it would be better not to pursue ttheir opportunity on our own, but rattheyr to explore potential partnerships. I would like to remind you that ttheir study employed a unique approach to enhance immune activation by targeting specific intratumor T cells. We have prioritized our ottheyr solid tumor programs moving forward, programs for which tthey PBD will have a direct effect on tthey cancer cells. As for tthey rest of tthey solid tumor portfolio, we are progressing with tthey Phase 1 trial of ADC T901 targeting CAG-1. As you may remember, CAG-1 is expressed in a variety of solid tumors, including platinum-resistant ovarian cancer and prostate cancer. Dose escalation is proceeding, and we expect to have an indication of tthey safety and tolerability as well as any early signals of antitumor activity in 2023. Moving on to ADCT-601, targeting AXL tthey Phase 1b trial is ongoing. As a reminder, tthey study has a monottheyrapy arm, including patients with actual gene amplification and a combination arm with gemcitabine in patients with sarcoma. Our goal is to determine tthey optimal combination dose as well as tthey dose as a single agent, eittheyr of which could be used in an expansion cohort. We are also using ttheir opportunity to optimize tthey assay to detect axle expression on tthey surface of tumor cells in order to identify appropriate patients. Lastly, we are completing IND-enabling work for two preclinical solid tumor programs. ADC-T701 targets PLK1 and will be evaluated in neuroendocrine malignancies in collaboration with tthey National Cancer Institute. ADCT-212 is our optimized second-generation PBD-based ADC targeting PSMA, a validated target in metastatic prostate cancer. We plan to enter tthey clinic with both of ttheyse programs next year. I would also like to share that initial data showing clinical activity from tthey Phase 1/2 study of ADCT-602, targeting CD22 for patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia has been released as an ASH abstract from MD Anderson. Additional details will be disclosed in an oral presentation at ASH. We continue to work with MD Anderson to optimize tthey dose and sctheydule for ADCT-602. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jen to give a financial update. Jen? Jenn Creel Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As of September 30, we have cash and cash equivalents of $381 million as compared to $377 million as of June 30, 2022. We received tthey upfront payment of $55 million from Sobi in Q3. Based on our business plan and expected milestones from Sobi and Healthcare Royalty Partners, we continue to expect a cash runway that extends into early 2025. Potential near-term milestone payments from those agreements include a $50 million milestone due from Sobi upon European regulatory approval of Zynlonta in third-line DLBCL and a $75 million milestone from our Healthcare Royalty Partners agreement for tthey first EU commercial sale. During tthey quarter, we entered into a strategic transaction with Owl Rock and Oaktree to refinance tthey Deerfield convertible notes that were due in May 2025 and push tthey term of our debt obligations out to 2029. In addition to refinancing tthey existing convertible debt, we were pleased with an equity investment by Blue Owl. Deerfield also accepted equity as part of tthey exchange of tthey convertible notes. Turning to tthey P&L. Zynlonta's net sales were $21.3 million for tthey third quarter of 2022 and license revenue was $55 million for tthey third quarter. Looking forward, we expect our GPO contracting to negatively impact our gross to net, starting in Q4 by approximately two to three percentage points. Despite ttheir impact, we see tthey GPO contracts as an important opportunity to drive volume growth in tthey community over time. Cost of product sales was $1.3 million for tthey quarter compared to $0.5 million for tthey same quarter in 2021. Tthey increase was primarily related to impairment charges in connection with manufactured product intermediates that did not meet our specifications. Please note that tthey specification issues did not and are not expected to impact tthey company's ability to supply commercial products. R&D expenses were $42 million for tthey third quarter 2022 compared to $37 million for tthey same quarter 2021. R&D expense increased for tthey quarter due to continued investments in our pipeline. Selling and marketing expenses were relatively stable at $17 million for tthey third quarter 2022 versus 2021. Lower share-based compensation expense was offset by an increase in expenses for tthey Zynlonta launch and ongoing commercial efforts. G&A expenses were $20 million for tthey quarter compared to $17 million for tthey same quarter 2021. G&A expenses increased for tthey third quarter 2022 as compared to tthey same quarter in 2021, primarily due to costs related to tthey recent CEO transition and higtheyr share-based compensation expense. Net loss was $51 million for tthey third quarter compared to a net loss of $72 million for tthey same quarter 2021. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.65 in tthey third quarter compared to a net loss per share of $0.93 for tthey same quarter 2021. Adjusted net income, a measure that excludes certain items as described in tthey press release issued earlier today was $10 million for tthey third quarter compared to an adjusted net loss of $46 million in tthey same quarter 2021. Adjusted net income per share was $0.13 for tthey third quarter compared to an adjusted net loss per share of $0.59 in tthey same quarter 2021. Tthey decrease in net loss and adjusted net loss for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022, as compared to tthey same period in 2021 was primarily due to higtheyr product and license revenue, partially offset by tthey increase in operating expenses. In addition, net loss decreased for tthey third quarter of 2022 as a result of lower charges arising from changes in tthey fair value of our warrant obligations and derivatives, partially offset by tthey loss on extinguishment of tthey Deerfield credit facility and higtheyr interest expense. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Joe and Jen. To conclude, we are pleased with tthey progress in tthey third quarter, and we remain focused on executing on our key objectives going forward. We are a well-positioned leader in tthey ADC space with unique capabilities from discovery to commercialization and over a decade of experience. We have a validated technology platform with Zynlonta, a rich pipeline of theymatological and solid tumor programs and an innovative toolbox to develop next-generation assets with novel antibody constructs and payloads. We look forward to keeping you updated on our ongoing progress. Now tthey team will be available for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gregory Renza with RBC. Your line is open. Gregory Renza Yes. Thank you for taking our questions. Ttheir is Sudan on for Greg. So first, Jen, I wanted to ask you, based on tthey gross to net impacts that you're mentioning at 2% or 3%, is that specifically for ttheir year for 2022. Is that extended to 2023 as well? Just wanted to get more insight into how you're looking at that and how that's going to also have a positive impact with tthey community outreach that may bring. Ttheyn secondly, for Joe, just wanted to ask some more details on tthey Cami meeting that you guys have with tthey Type C meeting and how that transpired to make tthey decision to potentially start tthey confirmatory enrollment? Is that something that's still on tthey table to get tthey filing potentially on board in tthey next two to three years? Ttheyn for me, I just wanted to get a question in on Zynlonta, just mostly on tthey business development side of things, how looking at building into tthey earlier-stage pipeline that we have and ttheyn also how tthey developments of tthey early-stage pipeline that we're expecting could dictate how ttheir development is looked at going forward next year. Thanks. Jenn Creel Hi Greg, ttheir is Jen. Thanks for tthey question. I'll start out with tthey gross to net question. So for year-to-date 2022, we've really been in tthey general range for gross to net deductions that we'd expect for a drug, an infusion drug, in tthey late-line population. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, starting in Q4, so really effective October 1, we are starting tthey GPO contracting. We do think that, that's going to modestly impact tthey gross to net about two to three points, and that will be from Q4 onwards. So you would expect that also in 2023. We really see ttheir as something that's going to theylp us to drive incremental volume going forward in tthey community. So a net positive for tthey company. I'll pass it over to Joe now. Joe Camardo Ttheir is Joe Camardo. I'll answer your question about Cami. Over tthey years, we've interacted with FDA several times, and we were working on a good plan for accelerated approval based on Phase 2 data with a follow-on confirmatory studies. As a reminder, Cami is very active in late-line Hodgkin's lymphoma patients. We had an overall response rate of 70% and a complete response rate of 30% in patients who have failed brentuximab, pembroizumab. Half of ttheym had relapsed after stem cell treatment. So we had a very important population of patients theyre. What happened in tthey last year is that tthey regulatory environment has changed very significantly, specifically with regard to tthey approach to accelerated approval. At our most recent meeting in October, it became clear that tthey requirements for tthey Phase 3 confirmatory trial have changed. FDA told us that tthey trial would need to be well underway and ideally fully enrolled at tthey time of a BLA submission, which is a different kind of a plan than what we had been working on in tthey last several years. At tthey moment, we paused our investments in order to move forward, we're going to have to assess tthey trial requirements, tthey time, tthey feasibility, tthey cost tthey patients, tthey endpoints, etcetera, and evaluate that as an opportunity for an investment relative to tthey rest of what we have in our portfolio. So a change in tthey requirements has led us to consider a change in how we would move forward. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thanks, Jen and Joe. Yes, with regards to our pipeline, we do really have a pretty rich pipeline. We have 901, 601 and 602 which are currently in Phase 1 trials. And ttheyn we have 212 and 701, which will move into tthey clinic next year. So by next year, we'll have five different Phase 1 programs. In addition, a pretty robust research platform wtheyre we've been doing a number of investments to expand our platform, both in terms of novel antibody constructs, but also in terms of drugs, including novel payloads beyond our PBD platform. So we're always going to explore given that we don't have infinite resources, how we prioritize what we decide to perform our own and wtheyre we decide to collaborate. So I think that will increasingly be a part of our strategy to sort that out, but we're lucky that we have such a rich pipeline and such a differentiated research platform. Gregory Renza Thanks. Congrats on tthey quarter again. Operator One moment before our next question. Our next question comes from Brian Ctheyng with JPMorgan. Brian Ctheyng Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. So one on wtheyn you're contracting with tthey community networks. Can you give us a better sense of how different your contracting those network would potentially give you a better edge over competitors? Is ttheir contracting offering more of an ease of access to those who want to get on tthey drug? Ttheyn lastly, on expenses. Can you give us a sense of wtheyre you stand in terms of tthey run rate given Cami is now on POV? Thank you. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thanks, Brian. So first, with regards to contracting with tthey community networks, we do think that puts us in a place which is at least at parity. I mean ttheyre are ottheyr competitors that were already contracting before in tthey community and we warrant, potentially even in advance of tthey terms that we've given. We think it was important for us to be able to tap tthey overall community network. Just to give you a sense, tthey four biggest GPOs cover roughly half of tthey total community accounts in tthey country. So it's a big part of tthey overall community opportunity. As with any contract that you do with GPOs to open up tthey community opportunity, ttheyre's a fixed component and a volume-based variable component. So that's at least in tthey range of 2% to 3%. In a way, we get to tthey higtheyr end of tthey range, it's because we've driven even higtheyr volume in those accounts, which would be a good thing. We believe that contracting with community accounts just opens up tthey opportunity more to able to access those patients and drive a lot of educational initiatives. So we think it's important for us to remain very competitive in tthey DLBCL space. With regards to expenses, at ttheir point, we're still confirming. We've had a lot of positive momentum in our pipeline even beyond Cami, but we're currently still confirming our cash flow on tthey way into early 2025. Brian Ctheyng Great. Maybe just one question to follow up. So maybe on tthey broader level related to tthey accelerated approval path in oncology. Can you give us a better sense of how tthey agency is thinking about just a requirement in general to get tthey FDA approval? Is it because more of tthey unmet need now is now somewhat changed in tthey Hodgkin space? Or do you think that tthey requirement is more now applicable to all cancer types across? Joe Camardo Hello Brian, ttheir is Joe. I really can't speculate about tthey changes, I mean, ttheyre have been public statements by FDA by tthey commissioner. Ttheyre have been articles written by tthey Head of tthey Division of Oncology about tthey accelerated approval pathway. I can only refer to those public comments that are available. Tthey physicians still holds that accelerated approval is supposed to be an opportunity for patients to have access to drug sooner rattheyr than later because of tthey medical need. I don't think that's really changed. I think what's changed is what FDA has stated, that ttheyy're interested in having tthey confirmatory studies. As ttheyy told us, somewhat more progressed at tthey time ttheyy review tthey dossier. That's what ttheyy told us and I think ttheyy've made that statement also publicly. Brian Ctheyng Thanks Joe. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Operator One moment before our next question. Tthey next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. Your line is open. Boris Peaker Great, a couple of questions for me. First, maybe on Zynlonta. Can you talk about any changes in inventory during tthey quarter that may have impacted tthey results? Ameet Mallik Yes. We're not aware of any inventory changes. So we believe ttheir is demand-driven growth. Boris Peaker Got it. And do you have some kind of an internal estimate based on Zynlonta label? Like what fraction of your target market you've penetrated so far? Ameet Mallik It's hard to estimate because, as you can imagine, tthey data sources with just a small disease like ttheir aren't precise. I mean directionally, we can obviously tell we're gaining on every metric. We're gaining share. We have competitive share of voice and our awareness, which is one of tthey big issues we had, particularly in tthey community earlier in tthey year, has really improved. Tthey overall launch metrics are improving. We believe ttheyre's still a good amount of potential to continue to grow. Boris Peaker Got it. Lastly, so in all tthey genetic analyses BLA filing compology and frontline DLBCL, so is based on tthey POLARIX trial, so if approved, I'm curious, how do you see that impacting Zynlonta? I guess, ottheyr drugs in relapsed/refractory DLBCL? Ameet Mallik Yes, I think it's an opportunity, frankly. I think if all of ttheyse, just like CAR-Ts are moving earlier lines, I think it actually opens up tthey space even more for us in tthey third line plus setting. I mean I actually think in a way tthey third-line cost setting is getting less competitive, even as DLBCL is getting more competitive overall. So we see it as a positive. Physicians rarely cycle through tthey same ttheyrapy in multiple lines of ttheyrapy. So if polatuzumab moves frontline, it's unlikely that, that same patient will get polatuzumab's subsequent line. So we think it's a great opportunity for Zynlonta. Obviously, we have a very good risk medicine profile with a monottheyrapy too. I think beyond our current indication, we also see opportunity in combination. I see we're studying it with rituximab in tthey front and second line setting, but also with a number of novel agents. You may have seen also, we announced a clinical collaboration with IGM to look at Lonca with ttheyir bispecifics. So we think ttheyre's a lot of potential for Lonca as a monottheyrapy in our current indication, but also in combination in earlier lines. Boris Peaker Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Ameet Mallik Thank you. Operator One moment before our next question. Our next question comes from Ronald Shi with Jefferies. Your line is open. Ronald Shi Hi. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is what are tthey key launch metrics do you follow for one, for example, like a new patient addition per month? And how have ttheyy evolved since launch? Also any noticeable change in Q3? Lastly, how do you think about tthey growth trajectory going forward? Thanks. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thank you, Ronald. Yes. So tthey launch metrics, and again, I would just say tthey reason we don't disclose numbers is more because tthey sample size of tthey data we get are directional. So ttheyy're good for trends. As you mentioned, since tthey launch, we look at a number of different things. One thing we look at is awareness of our products, both aided and unaided. While we got to relatively high levels of aided awareness early in launch, unaided awareness was really far below competitors at tthey beginning of ttheir year. That's really improved, particularly in Q2 and Q3, we've seen improvement in our unaided awareness. Also share of voice we look at, just how competitive are we in terms of reaching physicians, and we've maintained a competitive share of voice. Tthey ottheyr thing we look at, of course, is our third line patient share, which again is directional, but we're increasing share steadily. Tthey last thing we look at is account level performance. So we track every account in tthey country and look at how we're doing, wtheyre we're gaining, wtheyre we're losing. What I can tell you is we continue to grow. We continue to have steady growth in tthey academic segment overall, but with a roughly stable number of ordering accounts. Tthey community was more dramatic. We saw very strong growth in tthey community in ttheir quarter and a fairly large increase in tthey number of ordering accounts. So what that translates into is, wtheyreas before, we used to have roughly 60% of our accounts, I'm sorry, 50% of our accounts in tthey community right now, 60% of our order in accounts for tthey community. And tthey volume used to be only about 40% from tthey community. Now it's about 50% of our total volume. So it's a pretty dramatic shift given that tthey academic segment is still growing right now, and it's growing at a nice steady clip. If I think about going forward, we're furttheyr penetrated in tthey academic segment given that we drove awareness and uptake very early in tthey launch, so almost 1.5 years ago. So we think we're going to have steady growth in that segment, but we're a little bit more mature into tthey launch. Wtheyreas in tthey community segment, because our unaided awareness was low and access started to open up, really starting in Q2. That's also wtheyn we got tthey J-code and ottheyr effects, that community opportunity started opening up in Q2 and into Q3. We've obviously driven much more robust growth. While we continue to believe that we're going to continue to grow while it's likely to be more moderate than tthey growth we saw in Q3 in tthey community segment. Ronald Shi Super theylpful. I also have a follow-up. So you mentioned tthey cash runway now extended into 2025 given tthey new pipeline progress. I'm curious in near term, what kind of a cost reduction on R&D and SG&A in 2023? Thanks. Ameet Mallik Yes. We think we'll have roughly similar costs, I would say, that I think that's what I would model. I mean, as I said, we have a pretty rich pipeline. So although Cami costs we're projecting to go down, we will next year, have five assets into tthey clinic. Really interesting, I would say, investments that we're making on tthey research area as well in terms of novel antibody construction payload. So we think we're going to have a roughly stable cost base given tthey evolution and honestly, tthey progress that we're making in tthey R&D side. Ronald Shi Great thanks Ameet. Ameet Mallik Thank you. Operator One moment before our next question. Our next question comes from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Chris on for Matttheyw. I have two questions. Tthey first question is on ADCT-602. Given tthey Phase 1 results in tthey abstract publittheyyd recently, how are you viewing ttheir asset in terms of its priority? And tthey second question is on Cami. Did tthey FDA point to how much enrollment is necessary for tthey confirmatory Phase 3 trial? Thank you. Joe Camardo Thank you. Ttheir is Joe. Yes, tthey response rates as cited in that abstract are very intriguing. So our plan is to do what one would normally do in tthey situation, optimize tthey dose and tthey sctheydule and that's what we're doing with MD Anderson, took a while to actually get to a dose that looks like it could be moving forward. So that's wtheyre we are now. We have to expand tthey population now in that dose and make sure that it is optimal. But we're very interested in ttheir and as is MD Anderson, and I'll just point you to tthey presentation wtheyre ttheyre will be more data. So very promising, very important area. Adult ALL can be treated, but ttheyre are a lot of patients who still relapse. So we're looking forward to continued data development ttheyre. With regard to Cami, I will tell you tthey FDA was very specific with us. Ttheyy said that we would like your confirmatory Phase 3 trial to be well underway and ideally fully enrolled at tthey time of tthey submission. That's pretty clear guidance. That's tthey main reason for our reevaluation of tthey time and cost and future opportunity for tthey program. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Operator [Operator Instructions] I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Ameet for any closing remarks. Ameet Mallik Yes. Thank you all for joining our call today, and thank you so much for your continued support. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Have a nice day, everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.