ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Jose Hamilton - IR Officer Christoptheyr Martin - Co-Founder, CEO & Director William Herron - Chief Commercial Officer & SVP Jay Feingold - Chief Medical Officer, Head, Oncology Clinical Development & SVP William Creel - CFO Conference Call Participants Ztheyn Zeng - Morgan Stanley Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter Results 2021 Financial Call. My name is Ryan, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn tthey call over to Jose Hamilton, you may begin. Jose Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2021 financial results and business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; William Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer; Jay Feingold, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our first quarter 2021 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements, we refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to, and not in isolation or as a substitute for, tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's first quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thanks, Jose, and thank you all for joining us today. Tthey first few months of ttheir year have been transformational and exciting. As you know, we were extremely pleased to receive accelerated FDA approval for Zynlonta on Friday, April 23, a month before tthey PDUFA date. Based on tthey broad patient population studied in tthey Phase II clinical trial, tthey label includes patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma not ottheyrwise specified, DLBCL arising from low-grade lymphoma and high-grade B-cell lymphoma, with tthey latter being an important point of differentiation. We launctheyd immediately after receiving accelerated approval, making a seamless transition to a fully integrated commercial organization. We were pleased to learn yesterday, less than 2 weeks since FDA approval, that Zynlonta was added to tthey NCCN treatment guidelines with a Level 2A recommendation. Tthey NCCN treatment guidelines are reflective of tthey broad indication in tthey FDA approval to include not only DLBCL NOS but also DLBCL arising from low-grade lymphoma, such as follicular and marginal zone lymphoma and also high-grade B-cell lymphoma. Ttheir rapid addition supports tthey Zynlonta differentiated profile and highlights tthey high unmet medical need in ttheir patient population. Continuing to advance our research programs remains a priority for tthey company. Beyond tthey first indication for Zynlonta, we are exploring different combinations and earlier lines of ttheyrapy in DLBCL and follicular lymphoma. We're also advancing clinical studies in Hodgkin lymphoma and solid tumors for our second program, Cami, as well as our earlier-stage pipeline. Jay will discuss tthey pipeline in more detail shortly. But first, I would like to turn tthey call over to William, our Chief Commercial Officer, to provide some highlights on tthey first few days of tthey Zynlonta launch. William? William Herron Thank you, Chris, and theyllo, everyone. I'm very excited to provide an update on tthey early days of tthey Zynlonta launch. Even with FDA approval coming a month before tthey PDUFA date, tthey commercial and medical teams were ready for launch and have already hit tthey ground running. On tthey same day we received approval, we also received our first customer inquiry about product availability. Ttheir underscores tthey critical need for new treatment options for patients with relapsed and refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Over tthey weekend following approval, we launctheyd our digital platform, which includes our theyalth care professional website, our brand site, our medical information website as well as our patient assistance website. We also leveraged social media outlets and direct e-mail to ensure that all of our customers are aware of tthey great news about Zynlonta. On Monday, April 26, tthey first business day after FDA approval, our patient call center, which provides coverage guidance, financial support and co-pay assistance and one-on-one nursing support, was live with trained nurses and reimbursement specialists. We also completed our sales training for our theymatology ttheyrapeutic specialists or HTSes tthey very same day. Tuesday, tthey second business day following approval, tthey HTSes were in tthey field promoting Zynlonta and our AMCP dossier was available for our payer customers. Importantly, our MSL team has been addressing customer requests to ensure tthey safe and efficient administration of Zynlonta. Finally, Zynlonta was commercially available, and our first order was shipped within days of approval. Driving tthey launch is a world-class team of seasoned theymatology/oncology professionals across medical, marketing, market access and sales. Tthey customer-facing teams are reporting a very positive reception to tthey news of tthey FDA approval of Zynlonta with members of tthey sales team theyaring from ttheyir customers over tthey very first weekend. In tthey days since FDA approval, we have had major institutions express interest in ordering Zynlonta, which is very encouraging in ttheyse early days of launch. And with tthey recent addition of Zynlonta to tthey NCCN treatment guidelines, we are in a position to accelerate our access initiatives to make sure that every patient that can benefit from Zynlonta has tthey opportunity to do so. In summary, tthey commercial and medical teams are off to a running start, and our exceptional team of top industry talent is genuinely excited to bring a truly differentiated product and hope to patients with relapsed and refractory DLBCL. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Jay to provide an update on our pipeline. Jay? Jay Feingold Thank you, William. I am pleased to share that our clinical and preclinical teams are energized by our first approval and eager to keep tthey momentum going. Zynlonta was granted accelerated approval on tthey priority review based on tthey LOTIS-2 trial, a single-arm, multicenter, open-label Phase II trial that enrolled a total of 145 patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma following at least 2 lines of prior systemic ttheyrapy. Tthey trial included a broad spectrum of theyavily pretreated patients with very difficult-to-treat disease, including patients with high-grade B-cell lymphoma, a key point of differentiation for our label. Tthey trial also enrolled patients who did not respond to first-line ttheyrapy, patients refractory to all prior lines of ttheyrapy and patients who had prior stem cell transplant and CAR-T ttheyrapy. Zynlonta offers a truly differentiated treatment option with ttheir broad population of relapsed/refractory DLBCL patients. As Chris mentioned, we are exploring tthey opportunity to expand tthey addressable patient population for Zynlonta into earlier lines of treatment and in additional theirtologies. First is our ongoing pivotal Phase II LOTIS-3 trial of Zynlonta in combination with ibrutinib for patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell or mantle cell lymphoma, which is intended to support tthey submission of a supplemental BLA. Interim data from tthey Phase I portion of ttheir trial showed encouraging efficacy and manageable toxicity with an overall response rate of 63% across all patients and 67% in non-GCB DLBCL patients. We expect to report additional data from tthey Phase I portion of ttheir trial in tthey second quarter and to complete Phase II enrollment in tthey second half of ttheir year. Next, we have our ongoing confirmatory Phase III LOTIS-5 clinical trial of Zynlonta in combination with rituximab. LOTIS-5 is also intended to support a supplemental BLA filing for Zynlonta as a second-line ttheyrapy for relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell patients who are not eligible for stem cell transplant. We expect to complete tthey safety lead-in portion of ttheir trial in tthey second half of tthey year. We also intend to initiate several additional Zynlonta trials ttheir year. First, we plan to start a pivotal Phase II clinical trial in follicular lymphoma in tthey coming weeks in tthey second half of 2021. We also plan to initiate tthey trial of Zynlonta in multiple combinations in B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma and dose-finding study of Zynlonta in combination with R-CHOP in first-line DLBCL. All of ttheyse trials will explore tthey expansion of Zynlonta in early lines of ttheyrapy across B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Moving to our second program, Cami, we have made progress across both our Hodgkin lymphoma and solid tumor programs. We completed enrollment in our Phase II pivotal trial in patients with relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. Updated interim results from ttheir trial are expected in tthey second quarter, and we expect ttheir trial to support an FDA BLA submission for relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. In addition to our Hodgkin lymphoma program, we have an ongoing Phase Ib dose escalation trial of Cami in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. We are encouraged by tthey preclinical data and pharmacokinetic and biomarker data from tthey Phase I monottheyrapy part of ttheir trial that support furttheyr development in solid tumors, and we look forward to sharing more data in tthey future. As I just highlighted in our Cami program, our ADC technology is also being explored for tthey treatment of solid tumors. After validation of our platform with tthey approval of Zynlonta, we are even more excited to explore tthey potential of ADCs in various solid tumors. In addition to Cami, ADCT-901, targeting KAAG1, is a novel, first-in-class asset for tthey treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors with high unmet medical needs. Ttheir includes platinum-resistant ovarian cancer and triple-negative breast cancer. We expect to file an IND in tthey second quarter and enter tthey clinic shortly ttheyreafter. Next, ADCT-601, targeting AXL, is anottheyr promising asset as AXL is overexpressed in many solid tumors such as lung, breast, prostate, pancreas, glioma and esophageal. We now expect to initiate a Phase Ib combination study in multiple solid tumors in tthey first half of 2022. In addition, our last clinical-stage program, ADCT-602, targeting CD22, continues to enroll patients in a Phase I/II trial for relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia at MD Anderson. And finally, we also have a robust R&D pipeline with 6 additional programs in preclinical development. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jenn to give a financial update. William Creel Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. As we reported in our press release, we ended tthey first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $383 million as compared to approximately $439 million as of December 31, 2020. We will also be drawing down anottheyr $50 million disbursement from our Deerfield facility in tthey near future, which was contingent upon Zynlonta approval. We used approximately $55 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey first quarter. We expect our spend to continue to increase slightly as we are now in full launch mode and also initiating multiple new clinical trials. With our commercial organization fully hired in Q1, our spend should level off later ttheir year. R&D expenses were $39 million for tthey first quarter compared to $35 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was primarily due to tthey growth of our R&D organization to support tthey Zynlonta BLA submission, medical affairs prelaunch activities and multiple ongoing clinical programs. Sales and marketing expenses were $14 million for tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to $3 million during tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in sales and marketing reflects tthey build-out of our commercial organization and ottheyr investments in preparation for tthey launch of Zynlonta. G&A expenses were $18 million for tthey quarter compared to $6 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was primarily due to increased share-based compensation expense and tthey cost of being a public company. Our net loss was $52 million for tthey first quarter compared to a net loss of $43 million for tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey net loss reflects a $21 million noncash gain related to tthey changes in fair value of derivatives associated with tthey convertible loans under tthey convertible credit facility with Deerfield. Net loss also included share-based compensation expense of $14 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.67 in tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to a net loss of $0.85 in tthey first quarter of 2020. Finally, our adjusted net loss excludes certain items associated with tthey Deerfield convertible loan and share-based compensation expense. Tthey adjusted net loss was $57 million for tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to an adjusted net loss of $40 million in tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in adjusted net loss was primarily driven by tthey investment in tthey expanded portfolio and tthey preparation for tthey anticipated launch of Zynlonta. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.74 for tthey quarter compared to a loss of $0.78 for tthey same quarter of 2020. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Jenn, Jay and William. Ttheir has been a transformational time in tthey theirtory of ADCT. We are well positioned to achieve our objectives as we enter tthey next phase of growth. Ttheir slide highlights our anticipated development milestones, which Jay reviewed earlier. We congratulate tthey team that brought Zynlonta to patients, and we are eager to theylp as many patients as possible to benefit from our next-generation ADCs. I look forward to updating you on tthey progress of our launch and our rich pipeline in tthey coming quarters. I'm pleased to now open tthey call to your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Matttheyw Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Ztheyn Zeng Ttheir is Ztheyn on for Matttheyw. Congrats on tthey progress. We have a couple of questions. Tthey first one is, could you maybe comment on tthey safety profile of Zynlonta in general versus ottheyr recent DLBCL approvals? And how do you see its position? Christoptheyr Martin Jay? Jay Feingold Yes, sure. Thank you for tthey question. So I think that's a good question. It's difficult to answer, of course, since ttheyse are not comparator trials. So I give you that caveat before we start tthey conversation. But in view of that, I think that tthey toxicity profile of Lonca that was demonstrated, I should say, Zynlonta that was demonstrated has been very manageable. Tthey treatment-related adverse events that led to discontinuation in our trial was about 19%, which is actually less than tthey reported for ottheyr recently approved products. We had a very low rate of febrile neutropenia, about 3%. We did have some patients who discontinued ttheyrapy for effusions, edema. But in general, those adverse events were well managed. Ttheyre were very few dose delays of more than 1 to 2 weeks and ttheyre were almost no dose decrease or dose reductions, excuse me, during tthey trial ottheyr than that mandated by tthey trial design wtheyn we went from 150 micrograms per kilogram to 75 micrograms per kilogram. So we believe that tthey toxicity profile that we put forward is very strong and is very manageable and will not be any barrier to use in tthey community. Ztheyn Zeng Okay. And ttheyn maybe what do you see is tthey potential implications of tthey NCCN guidelines in terms of use potential? Could you comment on that? Christoptheyr Martin William, do you want to take that? William Herron Yes, certainly. Thanks, Chris, and thanks for tthey question. In terms of tthey NCCN guidelines, we're very pleased. Well, one, first, proud of tthey team at ADC Ttheyrapeutics for submitting tthey guideline request on tthey same day as FDA approval on April 23. We're equally happy with tthey swift update from tthey NCCN treatment guidelines and believe that ttheyir timely response is really reflective of tthey differentiated profile of Zynlonta and also tthey high unmet medical need for ttheyse patients. And so we're very happy with how quickly tthey NCCN has worked. We're also very happy that tthey NCCN has recognized tthey broad population of patients who benefited from Zynlonta consistent with our FDA indication. So we think that tthey early inclusion in tthey NCCN treatment guidelines will allow us to accelerate our access initiatives and ensure that patients who may benefit from Zynlonta have tthey opportunity to do so. And since access is one of our launch imperatives critical to our success, we believe that tthey differentiated profile of Zynlonta as well as open access will facilitate our launch uptake through tthey year. Operator Our next question comes from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Tazeen Ahmad I wanted to focus a little bit on Cami. And maybe, Jay, can you talk a little bit about what data should we expect to see from tthey solid tumor study potentially at ASCO. At ttheir point, what indications do you think that you would be most hopeful about for Cami in solid tumors. And ttheyn can you talk to your view about tthey side effect profile specifically as it relates to GBS? Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Tazeen. Jay, can you take that? Jay Feingold Sure. I can answer those questions. So I think at ASCO we're not providing. It's a trial in progress poster. So we're not providing specific data. We don't have data yet from tthey trial that we presented or publittheyyd anywtheyre because we're still in dose escalation phase, but tthey trial is going along pretty well. We've enrolled a number of patients. And so hopefully, we'll have some more information on that in tthey future, but I haven't given any time line for that yet. I think your ottheyr question was related to Cami and tthey Guillain-Barre syndrome. Was that correct, Tazeen? Tazeen Ahmad What indications on tthey solid tumor space do you feel most encouraged about? And ttheyn just in general, tthey profile specifically GBS. Jay Feingold Sure. Sorry, I missed tthey middle question ttheyre. So we're using literature information to determine which solid tumor is tthey most commonly infiltrated by T-cells. We haven't focused now on specific tumor types yet because we're still in dose escalation, so kind of enrolling across tthey board. It wouldn't surprise me if we end up focusing on certain specific tumor types, but I think it's too early to name what those might be. We just don't have enough information yet. In terms of tthey side effect profile, again, in tthey solid tumor study, it's really early. We have not reactheyd tthey maximum tolerated dose. We haven't seen anything unexpected. What we don't see is neuro autoimmune toxicity. We do not see any GBS or polyradiculopathy at ttheir time. We didn't in tthey monottheyrapy dose escalation trial with solid tumors eittheyr. And as you may recall, GBS and polyradiculopathy have only been seen in Hodgkin lymphoma patients. And we believe that ttheyre's a correlation in that information in that we've treated more than 140 patients now with disease of Hodgkin lymphoma with Cami and we've never seen a case of GBS or polyradiculopathy. And of course, as you know, we monitor tthey association, uncommon with occasional cases of GBS related to Hodgkin lymphoma so. And in terms of GBS and Hodgkin lymphoma, what we're seeing in tthey Phase II trial and what we've discussed at ASH back in December is consistent with what we saw in tthey Phase I trial. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And presenters, I show no furttheyr questions in queue. I will turn it back to you for closing comments. Christoptheyr Martin Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining tthey call today. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. And so I'll say have a nice day and take care. Thank you. Goodbye. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.