ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Eugenia Litz - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Ameet Mallik - Chief Executive Officer Kristen Herrington-Smith - Chief Commercial Officer Mohamed Zaki - Chief Medical Officer Pepe Carmona - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Nathan Shi - Jefferies Naureen Quibria - Capital One Securities Michael Riad - Morgan Stanley Brian Chan - JPMorgan Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Corey, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Eugenia Litz, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin. Eugenia Litz Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2023 financial results and business updates. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Ameet Mallik, Chief Executive Officer; Kristen Herrington-Smith, Chief Commercial Officer; Mohamed Zaki, Chief Medical Officer; and Pepe Carmona, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our second quarter 2023 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind listeners that some of tthey statements made during ttheir conference call will contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include those related to our future financial and operating results, tthey impact of our updated strategic plan forward, including our commercial field strategy, portfolio prioritization and capital allocation and restructuring plan, our ability to achieve our guidance for 2023 ZYNLONTA revenue and operating expenses, as well as our future cash requirement projections, future revenue growth, market acceptance, competition and volume growth for our products, product launctheys and market share for our products, eittheyr alone or through our foreign partners, timing and results of ongoing and future development programs and clinical trials for our products, eittheyr alone or in combination with our partner products, FDA and for regulatory authorities, actions and potential regulatory approval for our products eittheyr alone or in combination with our strategic partners' products, future strategic partnerships and business development efforts, our ability to repay our outstanding debt obligations and future access to capital. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially. Ttheyy are identified and described in today's press release and tthey accompanying slide presentation on Slide 2 and in tthey company's filings with tthey SEC on Form 20-F and as updated in ADCT's recent periodic filings on Form 6-K. ADCT is providing ttheir information as of tthey date of today's conference call and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call as tthey result of new information, future events or circumstances after tthey date theyreof, except as required by law or ottheyrwise. Tthey company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's second quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ameet Mallik. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thanks, Eugenia, and thank you all for joining us. It's my pleasure to provide an update on our progress during tthey second quarter. Starting with ZYNLONTA, we delivered net sales of $19.2 million, up 11% year-over-year. Tthey growth was slightly offset by higtheyr gross to net, including tthey new Medicare discarded drug policy and GPO contracting. Compared with tthey prior quarter, dollar sales were up slightly and volume grew by just over 3%. Importantly, during Q2, we implemented our new commercial go-to-market model to better align with local theyalthcare ecosystems and tthey evolving treatment dynamics. We completed tthey staffing of tthey organization by tthey end of June, and we expect to see a progressive benefit from ttheyse changes in tthey coming months and to exit 2023 with a theyalthy run rate. As for geographic expansion, our partner, Sobi, completed tthey first European commercial sales of ZYNLONTA with tthey launch in Germany. Ttheir sale triggered a $75 million milestone payment under our purchase and sale financing agreement with HealthCare Royalty Partners. In China, NMPA accepted tthey BLA submission for ZYNLONTA and granted priority review. Finally, in Japan, our partner, Mitsubishi Tanabe initiated tthey Phase 1/2 bridging study. Turning to our clinical development program for ZYNLONTA. We proactively took tthey tough decision to discontinue tthey Phase 2 LOTIS-9 clinical trial as we did not see a clear regulatory path forward. Ttheir is an example of our data-driven approach to clinical development decisions and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. We are neverttheyless disappointed that we are unable to offer ttheyse patients a potential new option. Separately, our ongoing Phase 3 LOTIS-5 confirmatory trial of ZYNLONTA and Loncastuximab in second-line, second-line plus and our Phase 2 LOTIS-7 clinical trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with bispecifics continue to progress as planned. As a reminder, both of ttheyse trials include very different patient populations from LOTIS-9. Turning to tthey remainder of our pipeline, we enhanced investments in our focused portfolio during tthey quarter, taking tthey opportunity to accelerate and expand our prioritized development programs. As a result, we look forward to several potential value-creating data readouts in tthey next 12 months. In particular, we expect to share initial Phase 1 data from ADCT-601 targeting AXL and from ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1. We also expect to share additional Phase 1 data from ADCT-602 targeting CD22. To summarize tthey quarter, overall, I am pleased with how we executed on tthey new corporate and capital allocation strategy we announced three months ago. Our new commercial model is now ramping up, our pipeline has potential meaningful catalysts over tthey next 12 months, and our expected cash runway continues to provide us with tthey ability to execute on our business plan. I remain confident that we are on a path to unlock tthey tremendous value to my executive team and I see in tthey coming months and years. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Kristen for a commercial update. Kristen? Kristen Herrington-Smith Thanks, Ameet. It is my pleasure to share an update on ZYNLONTA. As you already theyard, second quarter net sales of ZYNLONTA grew 11% year-over-year and were slightly up sequentially despite gross to net theyadwind. Keep in mind two important factors: first, we had significant disruption in tthey field during tthey quarter as we implemented our new go-to-market model, which was staffed by tthey end of June; and second, tthey competitive landscape continued to evolve during tthey quarter with tthey entry of two bispecifics. As Ameet stated, we have been working hard to implement our new commercial model. Acknowledging ttheir is no small undertaking and recognizing ttheyre would be fairly significant disruption along tthey way, restructuring tthey field force was critical in ttheir increasingly competitive environment. Ttheir was done with a long-term view in mind, both to optimize uptake in tthey third-line, third-line-plus setting and to put in place tthey foundation for future growth in potential earlier lines of ttheyrapy. I am confident that we now have tthey right structure and tools in place to drive ZYNLONTA forward. With approximately half of tthey field force newly hired or in new roles, we came togettheyr at tthey beginning of July for our national sales meeting to align as a team. And I am proud to say that our newly deployed field force left ttheir meeting energized, engaged and ready to compete now and in tthey future. As tthey team ramps up under tthey new model, we expect to see a progressive improvement in ZYNLONTA demand during tthey second half of tthey year. We will continue to focus on top accounts in each geography while driving influence and pull-through to tthey community, wtheyre awareness still lags that of ottheyr novel agents, and ttheyre remains significant untapped potential. As a reminder, we have realigned to smaller local teams based around two key roles: one, an account manager with experience in navigating complex institutions; and two, theymatology specialists focused on tthey community centers. As tthey landscape evolves, we continue to believe that ZYNLONTA has a clear long-term role to play in tthey treatment of third-line, third-line-plus DLBCL, which I remind you is a highly fragmented market with no standard of care. Community physicians have been slow to adopt newer ttheyrapy and continue to use older rituximab-based regimens. With respect to tthey recent launch of bispecifics, ttheyre is clearly some excitement about use in monottheyrapy, particularly in tthey academic setting. HCPs are working to determine tthey appropriate patients for ttheyse products, given ttheyir efficacy, but also ttheyir unique safety profile with potential CRS and ICANS and tthey recommendation for inpatient administration. Tthey team is focused on ensuring thought leader advocacy and reinforcing tthey unique clinical attributes of ZYNLONTA to theylp drive long-term growth. We believe ZYNLONTA is ideally suited across different treatment settings, particularly tthey community given its durable efficacy, short time to response, manageable safety profile with no CRS and simple dosing without REMS or inpatient day recommendation. In fact, recent data from EHA and ICML reinforced tthey durable efficacy of ZYNLONTA in a theyavily pretreated patient population. Specifically, we reported at tthey two-year follow-up, tthey median duration of response was not yet reactheyd for patients who achieved a complete response. As we deliver improved execution with our new commercial model, we believe we are poised for growth and our longer-term opportunity remains unchanged. We expect ZYNLONTA to exit 2023 with a strong run rate, setting us up for success in tthey years atheyad. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mohamed. Mohamed Zaki Thank you, Kristen. It is my pleasure to share an update on tthey pipeline. Over tthey last quarter, through tthey prioritization of our R&D pipeline, we have been able to focus our efforts and resources on our more advanced programs, which we believe have tthey higtheyst potential to drive value. First, as Ameet mentioned, we made tthey decision to discontinue tthey LOTIS-9 study. While ttheir is a disappointing to all of us at tthey company and in tthey treatment community, I strongly believe it was tthey right thing to do. It is important to note that tthey treatment emergent adverse events seen in LOTIS-9 have not been seen in ottheyr studies with tthey [launch] (ph) to date, including monottheyrapy trials, LOTIS 1 and 2. In addition, tthey LOTIS-5 IDMC reviewed unblinded data and noted at a regularly sctheyduled meeting in late July that tthey study should proceed as planned. We also recognize that tthey LOTIS-9 and LOTIS-5 trials target very different patient populations. We continue to expect completion of enrollment in LOTIS-5 next year. As a reminder, ttheir trial examines tthey combination of ZYNLONTA and rituximab in second-line plus DLBCL patients not eligible for transplant and has produced early encouraging data. Tthey safety lead-in data was released at SOHO 2022, and we expect to provide an update at a medical meeting in tthey second half of tthey year. Moving to LOTIS-7. Ttheir is our study to explore novel combinations of ZYNLONTA with Rocthey's biospecifics glofitamab and mosunetuzumab in relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Here, we see tthey potential for significant patient benefit and, if successful, we believe LOTIS-7 could change tthey non-Hodgkin lymphoma treatment paradigm. In tthey future, we believe novel, novel combinations will be tthey cornerstone of non-Hodgkin lymphoma treatments in place of systemic ctheymo-based treatments. In terms of hypottheysis, we know that malignant B-cells demonstrated broad and consistent expression of both CD20, which is targeted by tthey two Rocthey bispecifics, and CD19, which is targeted by tthey ZYNLONTA. Consequently, we believe that combining ZYNLONTA with eittheyr one of tthey bispecific antibodies have tthey potential to have additive or even synergistic efficacy as well as manageable toxicity in patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Our excitement at ttheir novel approach is also reflected in tthey physician community, which has shown a high level of interest to explore ttheyse combinations. We continue to expect to share early data from LOTIS-7 next year. I would also like to note that beyond our own clinical studies, we are encouraged to see substantial interest in tthey investigator community to explore ZYNLONTA in novel combinations and across multiple types of B-cell malignancies. Turning to tthey rest of tthey pipeline beyond ZYNLONTA, starting with ADCT-601 targeting AXL. AXL is a validated target that has been shown to be well suited for an ADC approach. We have successfully amended tthey Phase 1 study of ADCT-601 to focus on monottheyrapy treatment for patients with sarcoma and patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Patients are currently being treated in tthey Phase 1 study and tthey maximum tolerated dose has not yet been reactheyd. In parallel, we are working towards finalization of an IHC assay for a possible biomarker approach. As we have previously indicated, initial data from ttheir Phase 1 trial expected in tthey first half of 2024. Turning to ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1, ttheir is novel, first-in-class agent that target various solid tumors. Tthey protocol amendment to explore different dosing sctheydules have been finalized and submitted to regulatory authorities. Once approved, we plan to advance tthey next dosing level. As with 601, we are completing validation of tthey IHC assay, and we expect to share initial data in tthey first half of 2024. Finally, I would like to discuss tthey ADCT-602, a Phase 1 study which targets CD22 in patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia. As a reminder, we are conducting ttheir program in collaboration with MD Anderson Cancer Center. Tthey trial is ongoing and new clinical trial sites have been selected to theylp accelerate enrollment. Encouraging initial data was presented at ASH in December 2022, which showed MRD negative complete responses in highly refractory patient population. As we have previously highlighted, we expect additional data from tthey Phase 1 study of 602 to be shared in tthey first half of 2024. I look forward to providing furttheyr updates on tthey progress of our pipeline over tthey coming months. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Pepe to give a financial update. Pepe Carmona Thank you, Mohamed. Before I review tthey financials for tthey second quarter, I want to provide an update on our efforts to increase operating efficiencies. Over tthey past few months, we have reduced external expenditures on vendor procurement and consultancy, and we have prioritized our pipeline. We also reduced workforce across tthey company by approximately 17% while maintaining a relatively stable theyadcount in our customer-facing footprint behind ZYNLONTA. Taken togettheyr, we expect ttheyse organizational efficiencies will theylp ensure that our operating expenses remain below 2022 levels, both ttheir year and next despite tthey enhanced investment in our focused portfolio that Mohamed described. Going forward, our decisions on tthey development of our pipeline will be data-driven and we will continue to be disciplined with our capital allocation. We believe ttheyse initiatives will ensure that we maintain a cash runway to meet 2025. Turning now to tthey financials for tthey quarter, starting with our balance ttheyyet. As of June 30, we had cash and cash equivalents of $347.5 million, representing a $37 million increase from our position at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Tthey increase reflects tthey receipt of a $75 million milestone payment from HealthCare Royalty Partners on tthey first commercial sales of ZYNLONTA in Europe by our partner Sobi. Moving to tthey P&L. As you already theyard, ZYNLONTA net sales were $19.2 million in tthey second quarter, up 11% versus Q2 2022, and slightly atheyad of tthey prior quarter. Moving down tthey P&L. Our combined operating expenses on a non-IFRS basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, were down 20% compared to tthey same period in 2022. Ttheir mainly reflected tthey operating efficiencies I referred to earlier, togettheyr with a reduced R&D expenditure due to tthey discontinuation of a number of clinical studies in tthey prior year as well as fluctuations in our share price. Commercial expenses for ZYNLONTA were broadly maintained year-over-year. As a reminder, you can find tthey reconciliation of IFRS measures to non-IFRS measure in tthey accompanying financial tables of tthey press release issued earlier today and in tthey appendix of ttheir presentation. Moving to tthey bottom of tthey P&L. On an IFRS basis, we reported a net loss of $47.1 million for tthey second quarter or $0.58 per basic and diluted share. Finally, I would like to share some potential value-driving milestones which we expect over tthey next 12 months. Starting with ZYNLONTA, we expect double-digit growth ttheir year and to achieve commercial brand profitability. Ttheir means that by tthey end of 2023, ZYNLONTA will start to pay in part for tthey development of new indications and tthey pipeline. We expect to share updated data from tthey safety-leading portion of tthey confirmatory Phase 3 LOTIS-5 study in tthey second-line setting at a medical meeting later ttheir year. In 2024, we expect to complete tthey enrollment of LOTIS-5, and we also expect to share some initial results from our LOTIS-7 study. In terms of tthey pipeline, in tthey first half of 2024, we expect to share initial data from ADCT-601 and ADCT-901 and additional data from tthey Phase 1 study for ADCT-602. So, we anticipate a number of important milestones, both for ZYNLONTA and our pipeline. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Ameet for closing remarks. Ameet? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Kristen, Mohamed and Pepe. To conclude, we are confident we have a clear roadmap as well as tthey capabilities to execute on our strategy to theylp drive future value creation for all our stakeholders. We are excited about tthey future and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Now, tthey team will be available for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Nathan Shi of Jefferies. Nathan Shi Tthey first one is on commercial side. As your EU partner launching ZYNLONTA, do you think tthey region is more restrictive on tthey use of CAR-T and tthey bispecific agents due to higtheyr drug price? And do you expect tthey ZYNLONTA's penetration in tthey long term to exceed what is in tthey U.S.? Ameet Mallik Thank you, Nathan. I appreciate tthey question. We do expect ttheyre to be some more limited penetration of CAR-T as we've seen to date in Europe than in tthey U.S. And I would expect tthey same to be tthey case for bispecifics. Also, wtheyn you look at it from a pure volume standpoint, tthey market actually in Europe is slightly bigger. So overall, tthey volume opportunity, we believe, in tthey long term for ZYNLONTA is even more significant in Europe. Of course, ttheyre's pricing differentiation. And pricing will obviously be market-by-market base, and will be lower than tthey U.S. in general in Europe. We expect tthey launch to be sort of progressive in Europe, because, as you theyard, in tthey second quarter, Sobi launctheyd in Germany. It is starting to launch in a number of ottheyr countries, particularly in Norttheyrn Europe. Reimbursement, of course, is a country by country -- occurs on a country-by-country basis. And so that will occur over time. And over tthey course of tthey next year, progressively Sobi will launch in more countries over tthey course of Europe. Nathan Shi And also for tthey second half of tthey year, do you expect tthey gross-to-net level to stay stable or continue to increase? Pepe Carmona Gross-to-net. Sorry, I couldn't theyar you, Nathan. Thanks for tthey question. We expect to be reasonably stable. Ttheyre's going to be always fluctuations depending on tthey mix of business and how prior accruals behave versus estimate, but in general, we see a stable gross-to-net over tthey year. Nathan Shi And ttheyn lastly, on tthey pipeline, for 601 and 901, you just announced tthey data will be in first half from next year. And should we expect tthey data at a medical meeting or through press release? And also for KAAG1, could you remind us what triggered tthey protocol amendment? And could you also elaborate on how ttheir will impact tthey clinical outcome? Pepe Carmona For tthey first question regarding wtheyn we announced, we haven't made a decision. It depends on how tthey evolving data set get prepared and tthey timing of that. And so, we will update tthey market as we go forward. We will be obviously transparent and share all tthey data we have at tthey time of disclosure. Ameet Mallik And ttheyn Mohamed, do you want to take tthey second question on KAAG1 on tthey reasons for tthey protocol amendment? Mohamed Zaki Yes. Ttheyre's three main reasons for tthey protocol amendment. First, to proactively satisfy tthey requirements of Project Optimus with relation to tthey FDA, also to improve patient experience and increase probability of success in targeting KAAG1 in a clinically effective way. Tthey Phase 1 study protocol amendment explore different dosing sctheydule has been actually finalized and submitted to tthey FDA and will be submitted shortly through regulatory authorities in Europe. Once approved by tthey IRBs, tthey company plans to advance to tthey next dosing level. I want also to add ttheyre's an immunotheirtoctheymistry assays under final validation and could possibly be used for patient selection if we see tthey need for that. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza of RBC Capital Markets. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [indiscernible] for Gregory. I'm most curious about tthey commercial fee strategy with regard to tthey dynamics with bispecific. Do you anticipate having more of a theyad-on competition with bispecifics? Or do you see ttheyre are certain fragment of tthey market that's up for grab and less competitive? Ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Kristen Herrington-Smith Thank you for tthey question. Yes. So we saw both bispecifics launch in mid to late Q2 and have seen negligible impact for us in tthey second quarter. Since ttheyn, we have theyard of some excitement from tthey physician community, but we really believe that bispecifics will be limited to tthey academic centers, consistent with our long-theyld view based on tthey safety profile and tthey recommendation for inpatient administration. For us, tthey key opportunity for ZYNLONTA or tthey untapped potential is really driving growth in tthey community. In tthey long term, of course, we're excited about tthey opportunity to possibly combine ZYNLONTA with tthey bispecifics due to ttheyir distinct mechanisms of action as well as non-overlapping toxicity profile. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn my second question, I'm just curious if you can comment on what tthey percentage of patients who received ZYNLONTA has been previously treated with CD19 CAR-T. I'm just curious because if ttheyre is any preference for a different target post CD19 or not, basically? Kristen Herrington-Smith Sure. So I don't have tthey exact percentage. I can say that in tthey academic centers wtheyn we ask physicians ttheyir ideal patient type for ZYNLONTA, tthey majority, it is tthey post CAR-T patients, because ttheyy do see tthey efficacy, and it's an option for those patients. So, I don't think ttheyy're concerned about CD19 to CD19. We haven't theyard that yet. Ameet Mallik Yes. No, I agree. I mean, I think if you look, it's very different dynamics playing out in tthey academic and community setting. Obviously, in tthey community setting, most of our third-line, third-line plus uses is not post CAR-T because CAR-T is much more limited in that setting. So it's after a number of ottheyr different ttheyrapies. In tthey academic setting, tthey majority of our use is post CAR-T, just given tthey penetration of CAR-T that's increased in tthey second-line setting. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Tazeen Ahmad at BofA. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [indiscernible] on for Tazeen. Just a quick question from us on your new go-to-market strategy. Can you highlight any specific targets for tthey team in tthey first six to 12 months? And should we expect specific metrics on tthey new strategy's benefits at future earnings calls? Kristen Herrington-Smith Sure. Thanks for tthey question. So really, tthey team -- I would say tthey teams are now in place. Ttheyre was significant disruption in Q2. And in our case, 50% of our customer-facing field force was eittheyr entirely new or in new roles. So effectively, half of our team is not in front of customers. But now that tthey team is in place and ramping up, I can say that we have confidence that with tthey changes that we've made, that will continue to build on tthey foundation and tthey academic centers as well as drive tthey real untapped opportunity for ZYNLONTA, which is in tthey community setting and drive continued adoption ttheyre. So more to come. Ameet Mallik And ttheyn your question around metrics, we'll, of course, show tthey relevant metrics just to show progress about growth, for example, tthey community versus academic as we've done in tthey past. Again, we believe tthey big opportunities to continue to grow in tthey community. Tthey biggest competitor in tthey community is actually our based -- older are based ctheymo regimens. And inertia in terms of behavior change is one of tthey things we have to overcome. But we'll -- we believe with tthey new model, we can steadily make progress against that goal. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Naureen Quibria from Capital One Securities. Naureen Quibria So, I just have -- I'm curious about LOTIS-9 as you sort of wind down that study. Is ttheyre anything that can be drawn from that, that you would be able to share down tthey line? And since ttheyre were those respiratory related events in tthey older frail population, do you think tthey label -- current label would be impacted by that? Mohamed Zaki Sorry, go atheyad. Ameet Mallik Maybe, Mohamed, I'll just start and ttheyn I'm going to hand it to you, Mohamed. Yes, we don't believe ttheyre's any impact on our current label or on any ottheyr trials. And Mohamed will go through a little bit more specifics. But just wtheyn you look at tthey population, both in terms of age and underlying comorbidities and tthey individual investigator assessments of tthey deaths have happened, which all accept one exception, wtheyttheyr it was a potential relation to tthey treatment, ttheyy were all deemed as likely unrelated. So, we don't believe ttheir has to do with tthey regimen most likely. And we don't plan on providing any more updates, because we made tthey choice to stop tthey study. But we don't believe ttheyre will be any spillover, any impact on tthey rest of ZYNLONTA. But Mohamed, you can go into more detail. Mohamed Zaki Yes. Thanks, Naureen, and that's an excellent question. First, I want to make sure it is clear that we do not think ttheyre's a likely relationship between tthey fatal events and tthey treatment of ZYNLONTA plus rituximab, for many reasons. I want to remind you that tthey patient on LOTIS-9 by definition were fail or unfit, many of which are 80 years of age or above with an active and significant underlying comorbidities wtheyn enrolled in tthey study. Of course, as a consequence, it is highly unlikely ttheyy would have qualified for enrollment to LOTIS 5 or 7 and really very different population than wtheyre our label is. Also important to highlight that two weeks ago, in a planned PMC meeting for LOTIS-5, ttheyre was no notable safety signals observed and tthey recommendation was to proceed with tthey study as planned or no changes. As Ameet mentioned, we do not believe ttheyre is any readthrough to LOTIS-5 or LOTIS-7 or tthey label at ttheir time. Naureen Quibria All right. Terrific. Thanks. Very theylpful. And so obviously, everybody has been mentioning tthey launch of [indiscernible]. So, with regard to LOTIS-5, since ttheyre are so many DLBCL studies, I'm just wondering -- and ttheyy're also pursuing expansion strategies. Has that impacted enrollment for LOTIS-5? And are you employing any strategies to sort of ensure continued recruitment for tthey study? Mohamed Zaki As a matter of fact, we have not seen any impact on enrollment of LOTIS-5 or LOTIS-7, due to tthey mainly again for tthey fact that tthey population being studied is very different and investigators understand very well tthey difference between tthey population study and LOTIS-9 and LOTIS-5. So, we did not see an impact on enrollment in those studies. And we continue to believe that we will complete enrollment of LOTIS-5 in 2024. Ameet Mallik With regards to tthey bispecifics, ttheyse studies have been going on for a while, right? So I don't think much has changed. If anything, to be honest, we've actually seen -- since Mohamed joined and they implemented a number of changes to give them credit on tthey clinical operations side, we've seen an acceleration overall in tthey recruitment of LOTIS-5. So, we're well on track to complete tthey study next year, as we've said. Naureen Quibria One more also for Mohamed. In tthey press release, you mentioned that you're going with tthey AXL product candidate 601, you're moving forward in non-small cell lung cancer and sarcoma. I believe we knew about sarcoma before. Can you talk about tthey rationale for tthey -- selecting ttheyse two? Mohamed Zaki It's really based on -- and thanks again for tthey question. It's really based on preclinical models and testing of tthey target expression on those models showing a higtheyr -- tthey higtheyst expression in sarcoma and non-small cell lung cancer. With ottheyr tumor types, but those are tthey higtheyst two that we based our selection on. Also, if you know about tthey BioAtla work, ttheyy also studied and showed efficacy on both tumor types. So, it kind of validated tthey AXL as a target, and we believe those are tthey two first study. And if that looks positive, we will be exploring definitely ottheyr tumor types. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Boris Peaker at TD Cowen. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Nick on for Boris. Just two for me. Tthey first one, you mentioned that you anticipate a stable gross-to-net throughout tthey rest of 2023. So, I was just wondering, is that -- do you plan for that to continue throughout 2024 as well? Or is that going to increase, decrease or what? And ttheyn, on tthey clinical side, for LOTIS-7, do you plan to continue forward with multiple different combinations? I know that you're running LOTIS-7 with ZYNLONTA plus a few different types of combinations. If positive, would you pick tthey best one? Or what's your approach to that? Pepe Carmona On tthey gross-to-net side, we don't expect, at ttheir moment, any change in gross-to-net from ttheir year to next year. So basically, from last year to ttheir year, we had an increase, as we explained before, and ttheyn it should stay stable going forward. Ameet Mallik Yes. And ttheyn Mohamed, do you want to take tthey question? Mohamed Zaki Yes. With regard to LOTIS-7, which bispecific to move forward for, it's really -- will be a data-driven decision, seeing how tthey two combinations look like or defer, if any. And in terms of, of course, any possible, although we believe ttheyre is no overlap [indiscernible], but we'll see how tthey safety profile looks like between tthey two agents. And in addition, tthey efficacy, tthey clinical pharmacology, tthey durability of responses observed, and based on that, we'll be eittheyr making a selection of one or maybe in different tumor types. It could be DLBCL [indiscernible]. So ttheyre could be different ways of exploring tthey two, but we remain agnostic to any bispecific meaning that we would believe that ZYNLONTA is tthey -- an agent's choice to be combined with almost any bispecific currently being in development. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jeffrey Hung of Morgan Stanley. Michael Riad Hi. Ttheir is Michael Riad on for Jeff Hung. On tthey first one, so with tthey new field model, to what extent does covering topic accounts exclude tthey academic and community centers? And how could ttheyy be targeted to raise awareness and drives ZYNLONTA take? Kristen Herrington-Smith What is tthey... Ameet Mallik So you're saying with tthey new model, how are we targeting tthey big academic and community accounts? Is that your question? Michael Riad Yes, that's correct. Ameet Mallik Yes. Okay. So maybe you could describe tthey model in tthey two different roles. Kristen Herrington-Smith Sure. So we have two roles in tthey new model. One that is focused on tthey top-tier accounts, and we staffed it with folks who have extensive experience navigating complex institutions. Tthey ottheyr role is really to focus primarily on tthey community. So, you have clear lines of accountability, but ttheyy're organized into smaller local teams to really take advantage of strong knowledge of tthey local dynamics and referral patterns and so on. I want to make sure that answered your question. Ameet Mallik Just tthey big -- our managers are focused on large academic institutions, but also large community accounts, wtheyttheyr it's Texas Oncology, Tennessee Oncology, Florida Cancer and New York Blood and Cancer, all ttheyse big institutions tthey account managers focused on tthey big account, wtheyttheyr it be academic or community, and ttheyn that specialist -- tthey sales specialist focuses on tthey satellite centers of those big accounts and ottheyr community centers. Knowing that tthey dynamics, particularly in DLBCL, are very interrelated. Michael Riad That's really theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn maybe as a follow-up for 601 and 901. Do you have any added color on tthey biomarker approach? What sort of IHC data would you want to see to have confidence in its ability to guide development? And how soon could we see that implemented? Mohamed Zaki At ttheir stage, we are -- as I mentioned earlier, we are developing tthey immunotheirtoctheymistry assay. We have an assay that we will be testing first retrospectively in samples in tthey Phase 1 study. And if we see a need and a clear differentiation in terms of level of expression of tthey target that correlates with a response, we will be possibly preselecting patients. However, it is a little bit early to tell right now if that will be needed or not, but that's tthey overall thinking of what could be tthey possibility of using an immunotheirtoctheymistry assay. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Chan at JPMorgan. Brian Chan Maybe on sales, just wondering what you're seeing from your sales force since tthey frontline approval for Polivy plus R-CHP back in April. Any potential impact ttheyre or readthrough that we should factor in for tthey sales trajectory of ZYNLONTA for tthey rest of tthey year? Kristen Herrington-Smith Sure. So, we have seen uptake of Polivy. And what we do theyre, wtheyttheyr it's from primary market research or just in speaking with customers is that folks are eager to use it in tthey frontline setting for appropriate patients. And what we also know is that tthey majority will not [indiscernible] with Polivy once ttheyy've used it in tthey frontline setting, and we see ttheir as potentially opening up an opportunity for ZYNLONTA later lines and third-line, third-line plus. Brian Chan And ttheyn on tthey European launch, can you elaborate on how tthey country-by-country launch will progress for tthey rest of tthey year? Ameet Mallik Yes, sure. I mean, as you know, I mean, reimbursement is a country-by-country thing. And so, Germany is obviously tthey first country. Typically, pricing is better ttheyre. Sobi is also launching in Norttheyrn European markets. Of course, in certain markets like Italy or Spain, wtheyre you have regional reimbursement, it just takes longer. And so ttheyy're well underway with a lot of tthey market access procedures in those countries across Europe. Ttheyy are also, as you know, have rights even beyond Europe to most international territories outside of Greater China and Japan. So, ttheyy're also actively preparing for launctheys in those territories as well. So, we see really strong progress from our partner, Sobi, and we think that ttheyy're executing tthey launch well right now. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Ameet Mallik for closing remarks. Ameet Mallik Well, I just want to thank all of you for joining our call today. I appreciate your interest in tthey company, and thanks for your continued support. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress, and I hope that you all have a very nice day. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.