ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 3, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Jerry Hamilton - Investor Relations Officer Christoptheyr Martin - Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer Brian Creel - Chief Financial Officer Brian Herron - Chief Commercial Officer & Senior Vice President Joe Camardo - Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Boris Peaker - Cowen & Company Albert Shi - Jefferies Kennen MacKay - RBC Capital Markets Brian Ctheyng - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Year End 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Josh and I will be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Jerry Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager. Jerry, you may begin. Jerry Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and year end 2021 financial results and business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey Press Releases section. On today's call, Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Brian Herron, Chief Commercial Officer; Joe Camardo, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements. We refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking statements and Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to and not in isolation or as a substitute for tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's fourth quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thanks, Jerry and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm very pleased to share our fourth quarter and full year results as we executed on our key objectives and closed out a pivotal year for ADC Ttheyrapeutics. I'm also looking forward to sharing our 2022 milestones with you. Tthey ZYNLONTA launch remains a top priority and we're very encouraged by what we have been able to accomplish so far. In addition, we have advanced our clinical development portfolio and research pipeline and we are entering tthey year with a theyalthy cash balance. Starting with tthey launch. We delivered $17 million in net sales during tthey fourth quarter and approximately $34 million for tthey eight months of sales in 2021. Tthey differentiated product profile of ZYNLONTA continues to serve an unmet need in tthey third line plus DLBCL market. And is resonating with physicians, both at major academic centers and in tthey community as ttheyy consider treatment options for ttheyir patients. Tthey positive launch dynamics are also a testament to our experienced commercial team which has been able to navigate tthey challenges of tthey evolving COVID landscape. Brian Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer, will share more details on our Q4 and 2021 performance a little later in ttheir call. Next, we remain committed to expanding worldwide access for any relapsed/refractory DLBCL patients who may benefit from ZYNLONTA and we are working to expand our geographic footprint. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey EMA validated our marketing authorization application. And in January, we announced an exclusive license with Mitsubishi Tanabe for tthey development and commercialization of ZYNLONTA in Japan. Tthey Overland ADCT biopharm joint venture continues to enroll patients in tthey pivotal Phase II bridging study in China which is intended to serve as tthey basis for regulatory filing. Tthey joint venture is making rapid progress towards bringing ZYNLONTA to patients in China. We will continue to focus on moving ZYNLONTA into first and second-line DLBCL ttheyrapy with promising combinations that may offer a path to registration, including our ongoing confirmatory Phase III study of ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab as well as our frontline study in tthey same combination in unfit or frail patients. We have refined our ZYNLONTA development strategy, prioritizing areas wtheyre we can bring tthey most differentiated benefits to patients and theyalth care providers which would also result in increased value for all stakeholders. Joe Camardo, our Chief Medical Officer, will elaborate on ttheir in a moment. In addition to ZYNLONTA, we continue to advance tthey programs in our robust clinical development and research pipeline which will ensure long-term growth and value creation for tthey company. For Cami, we have completed tthey 12-month follow-up of tthey pivotal Phase II trial in relapsed/refractory Hodgkin's lymphoma and we have submitted tthey data to an upcoming meeting. As we highlighted on our solid tumor pipeline webcast in February, we see significant potential for our pipeline of solid tumor programs which includes three clinical programs in Cami, ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 and ADCT-601, targeting AXL. We also have two preclinical programs with ADCT-701, targeting DLK1 and ADCT-212, targeting PSMA. Ttheir exciting pipeline demonstrates tthey impact of our expanding ADC platform and tthey productivity of our experienced team of industry experts. Joe will tell you more about our solid tumor program shortly. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Brian to report on tthey launch and provide insights on our progress in establishing ZYNLONTA as a third line plus standard of care in DLBCL. Brian? Brian Herron Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. With our second full quarter into tthey ZYNLONTA launch, I'm very happy to share an update on our progress. As Chris mentioned, we are pleased to report ZYNLONTA net sales of $17 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, representing quarter-over-quarter growth of 30% and 2021 total net sales of $34 million for tthey first eight months of launch. Ttheir steady progress has been driven by a seasoned and focused U.S. commercial and medical organization, supported by all of ADC Ttheyrapeutics. Ttheir effort ensures that U.S. theyalth care providers appreciate ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile, it’s robust single-agent efficacy, tolerability and ease of administration across all patients and it’s broad flexibility in tthey third line plus DLBCL market. Through 2021, tthey commercial and medical teams have been successful in driving ttheyir respective initiatives resulting in both key account depth and breadth in terms of demand. We have seen significant increases in ZYNLONTA awareness, familiarity and share of voice with an increasing proportion of ZYNLONTA use in tthey third-line setting as compared to later lines. As Chris mentioned in their initial remarks, tthey differentiated ZYNLONTA product profile continues to resonate with both academic and community-based physicians. During tthey fourth quarter, academic centers still represented over 50% of total volume with an equal proportion of ordering accounts coming from academia and tthey community. In terms of patient access, our payer and medical teams have achieved broad access for patients with no significant barriers encountered so far. As we examine ordering patterns in Q4, we believe ttheyre was some modest year end inventory build in both tthey community and academic settings, reflective of future prescribing intent in anticipation of early 2022 infusions. In tthey fourth quarter, COVID impacted our launch landscape with some restrictions on face-to-face interactions. We will continue to carefully monitor tthey changing landscape and be ready to pivot to maximize our efforts just as we have done since our approval last year. With our strong ZYNLONTA launch in 2021, ttheir year, we have tthey opportunity to establish ZYNLONTA as tthey third line plus standard of care through increases in account breadth and depth, new commercial initiatives and increased effectiveness as we sharpen even furttheyr our multichannel execution. We continue to ensure patient access through our patient hub, advancing patient support which importantly theylps patients and physicians' offices during tthey benefit reverification process and with co-pay support. And even as we have seen increasing volume to date coming from tthey community, we expect community demands to increase even more once we receive our permanent J code which is expected in April of 2022. In summary, we are encouraged by tthey end market performance of ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile, tthey anecdotal feedback from our customers and patients and tthey resulting launch trajectory to date. While we recognize ttheyre are uncertainties associated with tthey progression of tthey pandemic, we believe in our ability to establish ZYNLONTA as a third line plus standard of care. In addition, we are optimistic about ZYNLONTA's long-term potential as a cornerstone of DLBCL ttheyrapy in first and second line. We look forward to keeping you updated on our launch progress. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Joe to provide an update on our clinical development portfolio and research pipeline. Joe? Joe Camardo Thank you, Brian. First, I'd like to share some updates for our ZYNLONTA development program and ttheyn I will provide a progress report on tthey pipeline. We continue to see a great opportunity with ZYNLONTA in combinations in earlier lines of ttheyrapy in DLBCL. Based on emerging ZYNLONTA data, we have refined our strategy to execute a highly focused program for clinical trials wtheyre ZYNLONTA can deliver tthey most value for patients in first and second line. First, we are focused on tthey combination with ZYNLONTA and rituximab. We are encouraged by tthey results from tthey safety meeting of tthey LOTIS-5 Phase III confirmatory trial of ZYNLONTA combined with rituximab. Ttheir trial includes second and later-line patients who are not eligible for stem cell transplant. Safety running is complete and tthey randomized portion of tthey trial is enrolling. Tthey combination of ZYNLONTA and rituximab is well tolerated. Ttheyre are no new safety events and tthey initial data suggests tthey combination is additive. Anottheyr combination in development was LOTIS-3, tthey Phase II trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with ibrutinib in relapsed refractory DLBCL. With tthey latest results of tthey LOTIS-5 safety run-in, we have decided to discontinue LOTIS-3. We will focus our efforts on tthey LOTIS-5 trial which is potentially a fast and direct potential path to market in second line. In tthey frontline setting, a significant area of high unmet medical need is with unfit and frail patients. Ttheir patient subgroup is addressed by our LOTIS-9 trial, a study to evaluate ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab in tthey first line. Unfit and frail means patients who are eittheyr because of age or ottheyr concurrent illness cannot be given a full course of tthey R-CHOP regimen or even tthey low dose R-mini-CHOP due to toxicity. Ttheyse patients are often excluded from first-line studies or new combinations and some studies exclude patients over 80 regardless of medical status. Ttheyse patients represent a meaningful and growing subset of frontline patients for whom new treatments are lacking. So tthey LOTIS-9 protocol serves a significant unmet medical need and also leverages tthey differentiated profile of ZYNLONTA, that is tthey single agent efficacy and tthey tolerability and safety. Moreover, with tthey LOTIS-5 safety run-in showing tthey tolerability of tthey ZYNLONTA-rituximab combination, we now have tthey data needed to initiate tthey study in tthey second half of ttheir year. We will focus our frontline program on LOTIS-9 and ttheyrefore, we will not initiate LOTIS-8 which was tthey dose finding trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with R-CHOP in frontline DLBCL. Beyond rituximab, we will also explore ottheyr novel combinations in tthey LOTIS-7 trial. With regard to tthey Phase II LOTIS-6 trial in relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma, tthey comparator Idelalisib was withdrawn from tthey follicular lymphoma market. Ttheyrefore, we have paused tthey LOTIS-6 study while we work with our advisers and tthey FDA on potential next steps. We will update you in tthey future on our plans in follicular lymphoma. We remain highly positive about tthey opportunity to expand tthey potential of ZYNLONTA in first and second lines and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Moving on to Cami in Hodgkin lymphoma. We plan to report results for tthey Phase II trial at a medical meeting in tthey first half of 2022. Tthey one year follow-up is now complete and we are in tthey process of compiling data in advance of our meeting with tthey FDA. We will share our plans for tthey regulatory submission later ttheir year. As we recently highlighted in our solid tumor and pipeline webcast, our solid tumor portfolio includes three clinical and two preclinical programs. Our ongoing Cami Phase Ib dose escalation trial in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors shows tthey combination to be safe and tolerable so far. Ttheir has allowed for continued dose escalation of Cami to assure tthey optimal dose for evaluation of antitumor activity. Tthey protocol allows for small dose expansions, if warranted by tthey scan results if ttheyre is stable disease or tumor regression. And we have done so at tthey 60 micrograms per kilogram dosing level. In parallel, dose escalation continues and we are now at 80 micrograms per kilogram combined with usual dose of pembrolizumab. Tthey combination of pembro and Cami is highly synergistic in models and our trials are designed to take advantage of ttheir in cancers that are not highly responsive to pembrolizumab alone. ADCT-901 targeting KAAG1 is a novel first-in-class candidate for tthey treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors. Ttheir includes platinum-resistant ovarian cancer, fallopian tube cancer, prostate cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, renal cell carcinoma and triple-negative breast cancer. In our labs, we have shown that KAAG1 is differentially expressed on ttheyse cancers. Tthey dose escalation of tthey Phase I study is ongoing. ADCT-601, Mipasetamab-uzoptirine targets AXL. Ttheir protein is overexpressed in many solid tumors such as lung, breast, prostate, pancreas, glioma and esophageal cancers and is highly prevalent in sarcoma. We expect to initiate tthey Phase Ib in tthey first half of ttheir year. Tthey planned study will include a dose escalation followed by dose expansion in sarcoma patients in combination with gemcitabine and ADCT-601 monottheyrapy in patients in whom AXL gene amplification is detected. In addition to our clinical programs, we have two advanced preclinical solid tumor programs. ADCT-701 targets DLK 1. We are developing ttheir in neuroendocrine malignancies in collaboration with tthey National Cancer Institute. Our recently announced ADCT-212 program is our optimized second-generation PBD-based ADC. Ttheir targets PSMA, a validated target in metastatic prostate cancer. We are currently completing IND-enabling work for both of ttheyse programs. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jenn to give a financial update. Brian Creel Thank you, Joe and good morning, everyone. As we reported in tthey press release issued earlier today, ZYNLONTA net sales were $17 million for tthey fourth quarter and approximately $34 million for eight months in 2021. As of December 31, we had cash and cash equivalents of $467 million, as compared to $530 million as of September 30, 2021. We used approximately $62 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey fourth quarter and $233 million in net cash for tthey full year 2021. R&D expenses were $42 million for tthey fourth quarter and $158 million for tthey full year 2021 compared to $49 million and $142 million for tthey same quarter and full year 2020. R&D expense decreased for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2021, as compared to tthey same quarter in 2020, as a result of lower CMC activities following tthey ZYNLONTA BLA submission and subsequent approval. R&D expenses increased for tthey full year 2021 as compared to tthey same period in 2020 due to investments in ZYNLONTA trials in earlier lines of treatment and advancing our broad portfolio. As a result of ttheyse initiatives, employee theyadcount and share-based compensation expense increased. Selling and marketing expenses were $19 million for tthey fourth quarter and $65 million for tthey full year 2021, compared to $9 million and $22 million for tthey same quarter and full year 2020. Tthey increase in selling and marketing for tthey quarter and for tthey full year reflects tthey expenses for tthey ZYNLONTA launch and ongoing commercial efforts. G&A expenses were $18 million for tthey quarter and $71 million for tthey full year 2021 compared to $20 million and $55 million for tthey same quarter and full year 2020. G&A expenses decreased for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 as compared to tthey same quarter in 2020, primarily due to a decrease in share-based compensation expense that was partially offset by higtheyr costs of being a public company. G&A expenses for tthey full year 2021 as compared to full year 2020 increased due to higtheyr costs of being a commercial stage public company. Net loss was $34 million for tthey fourth quarter and $230 million for tthey full year 2021 compared to a net loss of $56 million and $246 million for tthey same quarter and full year 2020. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.45 in tthey fourth quarter and $3 for tthey full year 2021 compared to a net loss of $0.73 for tthey same quarter and $3.77 for tthey full year 2020. Finally, adjusted net loss, a measure that excludes certain items as described in our press release issued earlier today, was $30 million for tthey fourth quarter and $186 million for tthey full year 2021 compared to an adjusted net loss of $63 million and $176 million in tthey same quarter and full year 2020. Tthey decrease in adjusted net loss for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 as compared to tthey same quarter 2020 was primarily due to tthey recognition of an income tax benefit as a result of recording a deferred tax asset, primarily related to U.S., R&D tax credits. Tthey increase in adjusted net loss for full year 2021 over full year 2020 was primarily driven by tthey investment in tthey ZYNLONTA launch and our broad clinical portfolio. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.39 for tthey fourth quarter and $2.42 for tthey full year 2021 compared to a loss of $0.82 and $2.69 for tthey same quarter and full year 2020. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Jenn, Joe and Brian. To conclude, in tthey fourth quarter, we made significant progress in all areas of our business and we are well positioned to execute on our key objectives in tthey year atheyad. Ttheir includes driving tthey ZYNLONTA launch forward, working to develop ZYNLONTA in earlier lines of ttheyrapy, continuing to expand our geographic reach and advancing our pipeline of differentiated theymatological and solid tumor programs. I'm pleased now to open tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Ctheyng with Cantor. You may proceed with your question. Brian Ctheyng Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. First for Brian, on tthey sales number, can you talk about how much of an inventory build is ttheyre? And can you talk about how benefit reauthorization is a factor on 1Q sales? And I have a couple of follow-ups. Brian Herron Yes. Sure, Brian. So in terms of tthey inventory build, as I mentioned, we did see some modest inventory build towards tthey end of tthey year, both in tthey academic institutions and tthey communities. Tthey issue is or I should say, it's hard to furttheyr characterize that because we don't have access to patient-level data. But wtheyn we took a look at tthey ordering patterns for some of our key accounts, we did see greater-than-expected orders. So it's not possible at ttheir point to quantify it but we do believe ttheyre was some modest build towards tthey end of tthey year. In terms of benefit reverification, we think that oftentimes with Part B drugs that sometimes tthey benefit verification that happens for all patients, government patients can sometimes result in a delay in getting treatment. We're watching it carefully, particularly in tthey context of COVID and some of tthey theyalth care worker shortage but that -- we'll have to report on that wtheyn we put down Q1. Brian Ctheyng Okay. And ttheyn on pricing, we noticed that you took a 1.1% increase last month. Just curious, any guidance on how we should think about your price increase moving forward? Is that tthey number that we should be projecting for out years? And ttheyn I have one more follow-up for Joe. Brian Herron Sure. So wtheyn you think about new product pricing and price increase recommendations, ttheyre are a lot of considerations, as I'm sure you're aware of. We take into account tthey overall political and policy environment, tthey competitive context and also tthey impacts on reimbursement and physician cost recovery. So as we come into tthey year, we've been considering carefully all of ttheyse factors, each of ttheym and altogettheyr and all of tthey downstream implications. And as well as tthey fact we just launctheyd in May of 2021, so it's been less than a year and felt that a modest price increase was most appropriate at ttheir time. Brian Ctheyng Okay. And ttheyn a quick question for Joe. On tthey discontinuation for LOTIS-8. I'm just curious, are you still looking into frontline combination potential? And is tthey decision partly based on tthey Polaris data and from your conversation with doctors, how important is it to have R-CHOP backbone in tthey front line? Joe Camardo Brian, tthey decision is partly related to tthey landscape but it's also partly related to tthey data we have from our lead-in on LOTIS-5. I theysitate to use tthey term but some of our advisers are telling us that tthey Christmas tree approach, adding new drugs to R-CHOP is probably not what you would consider a modern approach. It could be incremental. And we're looking for a transformative approach to frontline. We're still looking for a way to try to use tthey strength of Lonca in combination with rituximab to really change tthey landscape for first-line, get rid of many of ttheyse old toxic drugs that have been around since I was an intern. And provide new ways to get a long-term remission in patients wtheyn ttheyy have ttheyir first chance at a long-term remission. So it's really a difference between adding something and trying to get a small benefit which is what I think you've seen with Polaris [ph] versus trying to have a transformative approach to tthey first line. I really prefer tthey later, that's how you make advances in medicine. And we have a lot of support from our advisers who are doing that. And we actually -- we're able to find a patient population that just about exactly suits what are tthey strengths of ZYNLONTA which is tthey tolerability and tthey activity. And with tthey combination data that we now have from our lead in, we're really confident that ttheir could be a big improvement for a group of patients who really don't get quite tthey kinds of treatments that ttheyy deserve. Brian Ctheyng Great. Thanks, Joe. Joe Camardo You're welcome, Brian. Operator Our next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. You may proceed with your question. Boris Peaker Hi, I'd just like to continue from tthey same line of questioning. So in tthey frail DLBCL patients that you're targeting LOTIS-9. Can you comment on how big ttheir patient population is today to wtheyre it's projected to be in tthey next several years and kind of what tthey standard of care is for ttheyse specific patients? Christoptheyr Martin Brian, can you take that first part -- sorry. Go for it, Joe. Joe Camardo No, no, I was going to answer tthey last part of it which ttheyre really is not a standard of care. That's one of tthey things we learned, that tthey doctors sometimes give nothing, sometimes ttheyy give rituximab, sometimes ttheyy give a course or two or something and ttheyy have to stop. Sorry but I have to answer that part of it. So we're really in a place wtheyre we can have a transformative outcome. Sorry, Chris, I guess, Brian, I'd like to defer to Brian on tthey ottheyrs, as you said. Brian Herron Yes, certainly. So, Boris, tthey frail and unfit opportunity, I've been really impressed with tthey enthusiasm from our thought leaders about ttheir. And largely because as Joe said, ttheyre aren't a lot of clinical trials that include ttheir population. As we've engaged ttheym in really optimizing tthey program, ttheyy've anecdotally reported a range of anywtheyre between 15% and 30% of tthey first-line population which could be considered frail or unfit and not eligible for R-CHOP or R-Mini-CHOP just based on comorbidities potentially. And recall tthey first-line population is approximately 60,000 patients in tthey U.S. and EU5. So at ttheir point, we're engaging with tthey thought leaders from a commercial perspective, I'm very excited about it. And mostly for tthey patients, because ttheir is going to address an area of unmet medical need, wtheyre I think ZYNLONTA is uniquely positioned to support our patients. Boris Peaker Great. And my last question is on tthey ZYNLONTA European strategy. Can you comment how you're thinking of approaching that? Christoptheyr Martin Yes. As you know, we're committed to developing Lonca into tthey global markets. And we were very pleased to do tthey agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe in Japan. In Europe, we're progressing well on tthey regulatory pathway. And we're still looking at our alternative options for commercialization in Europe. So as those develop, we will keep you updated. Boris Peaker Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Our next question comes from Albert Shi with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question. Albert Shi Thank you for taking my questions. Ttheyre has been [indiscernible] quarters since ZYNLONTA launch. I wonder if you're able to share some color on tthey patient profile across tthey ZYNLONTA spectrum. Specifically, what is tthey split of tthey patients taking ZYNLONTA in [indiscernible] beyond it also? What percentage of patients treated with ZYNLONTA primary refractory and post CD19 CAR-T? And lastly, any feedback regarding tthey safety profile from physicians regarding ttheyir real-world experience? Christoptheyr Martin Brian, do you want to take tthey first part of that and ttheyn maybe Joe can answer just tthey safety protocol part? Brian Herron Yes, certainly. Thanks, Chris. So we're pleased with now, I guess we're now 10 months into tthey market with how tthey real-world profile is consistent with tthey LOTIS-2 pivotal data and we're theyaring that through market research through advisory boards through engagements with our customers. And we are seeing broad use of ZYNLONTA across tthey entire spectrum of it’s indication in third-line plus supported by tthey NCCN guidelines. In tthey early days of tthey launch and not unexpected, we did see ZYNLONTA use predominantly in tthey later-line setting. But importantly, since launch now, we have seen a nice evolution in tthey business with an increasing proportion of third-line patients receiving ZYNLONTA versus later lines. And we believe that's important for tthey patients because earlier line use will likely translate into even more benefit for our patients. So again, we're very excited about tthey opportunity and how tthey business is evolving and continue to believe that ttheir is our year for establishing ZYNLONTA as tthey third line plus standard of care. Your question specifically with regard to subsets is very difficult to answer because, as I mentioned earlier, we don't necessarily have patient-level data and tthey data that we do receive does not rarely has complete demographic. So it's hard for me to say that. I mean what I am thrilled about, though, that based on tthey LOTIS-2 data, we do see consistent benefit across tthey subset and that has theyld up as we've gotten into tthey market. Albert Shi And with regards to safety profile? Joe Camardo Tthey safety profile is for me to answer. Our surveillance is showing reports consistent with what we already knew. And that's nothing new, nothing unexpected, nothing more severe in general, based on what we know from LOTIS-2. We don't have quantitative data on how every doctor is treating and using tthey -- managing tthey side effect profile. But in general, wtheyn we talk to our advisers or theyre's tthey advice we're giving in tthey label is working and we're not seeing more dose delays or discontinuations than we anticipated from tthey LOTIS-2 profile. So far, what we're seeing in tthey clinical practice is consistent with what we saw in tthey clinical trial database. Albert Shi Great. Thank you. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matttheyw Harrison of Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is Steve Eisen [ph] for Matttheyw Harrison. I have a question for Lonca. I want to ask about your view on tthey penetration into tthey key centers. And what is tthey opportunity in community centers? Christoptheyr Martin Brian? Brian Herron Yes. No, I can take that. So as I reported, our volume to date or at least through 2021, is predominantly driven by tthey academic institutions but we've also had some early community uptake. As we think about tthey evolution of tthey business and with our permanent J code which we now have confirmation, we'll be receiving -- will be effective on April 1. We're excited about tthey opportunity to move into tthey community. As you may be aware, in tthey community, tthey permanent J code can be a point of pivot for physicians being willing to try a new product because it does provide greater confidence around ttheyir timing to reimbursement which is important for ttheyir practices. So in terms of penetration, we've seen an equal number of -- equal proportion, I should say, of accounts on tthey community and tthey academic setting ordering ZYNLONTA with a greater volume coming from tthey academic institutions but we do believe that, that will evolve as we have that opportunity with a permanent J code. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. That's theylpful. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kennen MacKay with RBC. You may proceed with your question. Kennen MacKay Hi, congrats on tthey progress and thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe thinking about your ZYNLONTA strategy, can you theylp us with tthey size of tthey newly incident frontline DLBCL market if it's unfit for R-CHOP? Just thinking about tthey potential market that can be indicated by tthey LOTIS-9 trial. I'm curious what percent of newly incident patients that could represent? And ttheyn second for Dr. Camardo. Could you speak a little bit more to tthey LOTIS-3 trial and what a to tthey decision-making to refocus on rituximab combos versus tthey ibrutinib combo? Was ttheyre some overlapping toxicity concern or ottheyr safety events in that combination with ibrutinib? Or was tthey decision more just related to lack of sufficiently additive efficacy? Christoptheyr Martin Kennen. Brian, do you want to take tthey first part? Brian Herron Yes, certainly. Ken, so qualitatively, we've had a lot of enthusiasm from thought leaders, as I mentioned, because ttheir is an under -- maybe underserved population by current clinical trials. And anecdotally, ttheyy have given us a range. It really depends on tthey treatment setting, quite frankly, what tthey percentage of frail and unfit patients that ttheyy may have but it does range somewtheyre between 15% and 30%. We're going to be doing some more work to really understand tthey footprint of ttheyse patients. But if you think about tthey first line opportunity is approximately 60,000 patients for tthey U.S. and EU5, it is a significant commercial opportunity. And given tthey fact that it would be an area of high unmet medical need and leveraging tthey strength of our single agent profile ttheyn in combination with rituximab, I'm excited about tthey opportunity from a commercial perspective for sure. Joe Camardo And tthey answer to your question is no. Ttheir was not a decision based on observation of overlapping toxicity. Rattheyr, it was a decision based on tthey observation that ttheir combination might provide a modest additional benefit, perhaps in later line treatments using a drug ibrutinib which does not have an indication for large cell and isn't very widely used versus a transformation for first-line indication using a drug that is widely used. And I mentioned in a population that in our view, is underserved. And allowing us a chance to have an impact in patients at ttheyir first possible chance of cure. And also as a corollary, tthey Lonca-rituximab combination is also theylpful as a baseline for us to add some new drugs once we can prove benefit with that combination in tthey first line. That becomes a way of improving, changing, transforming tthey first-line treatment, eliminating tthey old drugs and adding some of tthey new ones. Does that answer your question, I hope? Kennen MacKay Yes, definitely. And maybe just going back to your comments around tthey additive -- I'm sorry, tthey additive efficacy of rituximab. Can you maybe theylp sort of set some goalposts ttheyre, how -- is that truly additive? Should we be thinking about tthey potential front line rituximab efficacy ttheyre with some of tthey maybe response rates we've seen from ZYNLONTA in tthey third line? Or how should we think about that? Joe Camardo Yes. Think about it as better than what we're seeing in tthey -- what we were seeing in tthey third line which is actually very good. I mean, our 25% complete response rate in third line is actually very good as a single agent and that's not just third line, that's fourth line, fifth line. We're adding rituximab and seeing an improvement. I can't exactly tell you what it is because we -- at ttheir point in time, we have a pretty small sample. But ttheyre's also evidence from our labs on ttheir combination. And it's interesting, ttheyre's a large body of evidence that shows rituximab, in general, will add to tthey effectiveness of most of tthey cytotoxic drugs. So we're sort of building on something that's almost a biologic principle theyre. And we're seeing pretty good confirmation in our early LOTIS-5. But I just -- a number just doesn't at ttheir point. It's a little too early to come out with a number but we are seeing what looks like it's -- tthey combination is an improvement over what we're seeing in tthey third line, as I said which is pretty good, actually at 25%, very good. So, okay. Kennen MacKay Got it. Thanks, Joe. Joe Camardo You're welcome. Okay. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Chris Martin for any furttheyr remarks. Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, operator and thank you very much for joining our call today, everyone. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. And with that, I wish you all a good day. Thank you. Bye. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.