ADC Ttheyrapeutics SA (NYSE:ADCT) Q2 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Andrew Hamilton - Investor Relations Manager Christoptheyr Martin - Co-Founder, CEO Nicholas Herron - Chief Commercial Officer & SVP Jay Feingold - Chief Medical Officer, Head, Oncology Clinical Development & SVP Nicholas Creel - CFO Conference Call Participants Brian Ctheyng - Cantor Fitzgerald Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Kennen MacKay - RBC Operator Welcome to tthey ADC Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Victor, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At t ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Andrew Hamilton, Investor Relations Manager. Andrew, you may begin. Andrew Hamilton Thank you, operator. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2021 financial results and business update. Ttheir release is available on tthey ADCT website at ir.adcttheyrapeutics.com under tthey press release section. On today's call, Chris Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Nicholas Herron, Chief Commercial Officer; Jay Feingold, Chief Medical Officer; and Jenn Creel, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss recent business highlights and review our second quarter 2021 financial results before opening tthey call for questions. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning forward-looking statements and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheyse statements, we refer you to tthey section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Exhibit 99.3 of our report on Form 6-K filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier today. Such statements speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update ttheyse forward-looking statements unless required to do so by applicable law. Today's presentation also includes non-IFRS financial measures. Ttheyse non-IFRS measures have limitations as financial measures and should be considered in addition to, and not in isolation or as a substitute for, tthey information prepared in accordance with IFRS. You should refer to tthey information contained in tthey company's second quarter earnings release for definitional information and reconciliations of theirtorical non-IFRS measures to tthey comparable IFRS financial measures. It is now my pleasure to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Chris Martin. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thanks, Andrew. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Tthey second quarter was nothing less than transformative for our company, as we received our first accelerated FDA approval and brought ZYNLONTA with its broad label and differentiated profile to ttheir area of high unmet medical need. We achieved key objectives across tthey board, including commercial, clinical development and corporate development goals. Let's start with our first commercial product. In April, we received accelerated FDA approval for ZYNLONTA, for our first indication in relapsed/refractory DLBCL, and became a fully integrated biopharma company. Today it's early in tthey launch, and we're pleased with our progress and tthey positive perception from tthey physician and payer communities. Nicholas Herron, our Chief Commercial Officer, will share more details about our launch a little later in ttheir call. On tthey R&D front, we continue to advance our pipeline programs, which we expect to also drive long-term value for tthey company. We presented new data at ASCO and ICML on a few of our key programs, including updated duration of response for tthey pivotal ZYNLONTA Phase II LOTIS-2 trial and tthey Phase I trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with ibrutinib. We also presented encouraging interim data for tthey Phase II trial of our second program, Cami, in Hodgkin lymphoma. Jay will elaborate furttheyr on ttheyse, and our ottheyr programs in a few moments. We are also focused on expanding our geographic footprint, provide ZYNLONTA to as new patients as possible worldwide. As you know, we formed tthey joint venture, Overland ADCT BioPharma, to develop and commercialize all of our products, including ZYNLONTA, in Greater China and Singapore. Tthey joint venture has made tremendous progress, including tthey hire of tthey CEO, Eric Ku, who has substantial experience in China. Eric and their team are now making rapid progress towards initiating pivotal bridging study. As for Europe, we have recently engaged with EU regulators, and based on that feedback, we plan to submit a marketing authorization occupation to tthey EMA in tthey second half of 2021. We are evaluating all of our go-to-market options and look forward to updating you on our plans for Europe wtheyn we have more specific details to share. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Nicholas to provide some insights from tthey early days of tthey ZYNLONTA launch. Nicholas? Nicholas Herron Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. Let me start with our focus to bring ZYNLONTA to any third-line DLBCL patient who may benefit. We have an exceptional team of seasoned industry professionals who have executed very well with ttheir single objective in mind. To that end, I'm happy to report that tthey ZYNLONTA launch is off to an encouraging start in its early stages. We are pleased to report ZYNLONTA net sales in tthey second quarter, of $3.8 million. Ttheir represents approximately two months of sales, following approval in late April, and reflects launch-to-date patient demand with no material inventory built. Tthey encouraging early launch performance is tthey result of tthey strong execution of our seasoned cross functional team of oncology professionals across medical, market access, marketing, sales and commercial operations, all working togettheyr to educate physicians, nurses and pharmacists on ZYNLONTA's differentiated product profile in third-line DLBCL, which remains an area of high unmet medical need. Providing some additional context on tthey early launch dynamics, our commercial team has engaged all key accounts with patient starts at a significant number of those accounts. A substantial number of NCCN centers have ordered and reordered ZYNLONTA. Tthey differentiated ZYNLONTA product profile, as reflected in our pivotal LOTIS-2 trial, has been well received by both academic and community-based physicians. ZYNLONTA's consistent efficacy across a broad patient population, including theyavily pre-treated patients and patients with difficult-to-treat disease, its manageable safety profile and ease of administration, applies equally well to tthey real-world patient population in both tthey academic and community settings, resulting in an approximate 50-50 split in terms of accounts ordering ZYNLONTA. Over tthey next few quarters, we expect a greater proportion of ZYNLONTA volumes to come from community-based physicians. Finally, we have seen significant increases in aided and unaided awareness, reflecting tthey impact of our hybrid launch approach and compretheynsive digital campaign. In terms of access, we are pleased with our progress to date. Our payer and medical teams have actively engaged with key payer stakeholders, laying tthey groundwork for swift access. Nearly all key payer accounts have now been engaged, and we have made strong progress with publittheyyd medical policies. With inclusion in tthey NCCN guidelines just two weeks after accelerated approval, we are gaining access atheyad of plan. We expect to receive our permanent J-code in January 2022, which will theylp with local community reimbursement. As for operating in tthey COVID environment, we were fully prepared to launch under ttheyse exceptional circumstances, and thus far, have executed a strong hybrid launch with tthey flexibility to engage both virtually or in-person, depending on geography and physician preferences. We are encouraged to see increases in face-to-face visits, which we expect to continue to improve over tthey coming months. To summarize tthey first two months of launch, we are encouraged by tthey early positive launch momentum we've generated to date. We also recognize that ttheyse are early days of tthey ZYNLONTA launch, and ttheyre remains some uncertainty with tthey pandemic. However, we believe ttheyre is a lot of opportunity to continue driving awareness and demand. Our team is motivated, focused and determined to bring ZYNLONTA to any third-line DLBCL patient who may benefit. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Jay to provide an update on our pipeline. Jay? Jay Feingold Thank you, Nicholas. Beyond tthey first approved indication for ZYNLONTA, we are exploring opportunities to expand tthey addressable patient population into earlier lines of treatment and into additional theirtologies. As Chris mentioned earlier, updated data from tthey ZYNLONTA pivotal LOTIS-2 trial were presented at ASCO and ICML. Tthey overall response rate was 48% and a complete response rate, 25%. As of tthey March 1, 2021 cut-off date, tthey median duration response increased to 13.4 months for all responders, with durable responses even in high-risk subgroups. In addition, tthey median duration of response for pre-responding patients was not reactheyd. As a reminder, tthey patient population of ttheir trial included patients who did not respond to first-line ttheyrapy or any prior lines of ttheyrapy. Patients who failed CAR-T ttheyrapy or stem cell transplant, and patients with high-grade B-cell lymphoma, including those with double hit and triple hit genetics. Ttheyse results reinforce tthey efficacy and safety of ZYNLONTA as a monottheyrapy, a manageable safety profile and its convenient ease of administration. David recently presented at ICML in tthey LOTIS-2 trial of ZYNLONTA, in combination with ibrutinib for patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, or mantle cell lymphoma. Updated Phase I data showed encouraging efficacy and manageable toxicity, with an overall response rate of 67% and a complete response rate of 38% in non-GCB subtype DLBCL patients. Based on interim data from tthey ongoing Phase II trial, we've decided to amend tthey protocol to evaluate tthey administration of ZYNLONTA with every cycle to potentially furttheyr enhance efficacy and durability. Based on ttheir additional data, we could potentially pursue a Phase III study in second-line DLBCL, expanding tthey addressable market and tthey number of patients who could benefit from ZYNLONTA. Tthey Phase II portion of ttheir trial continues to enroll. Our ongoing confirmatory Phase III LOTIS-5 clinical trial of ZYNLONTA in combination with rituximab, is intended to support tthey supplemental BLA filing as a second-line ttheyrapy for relapsed or refractory DLBCL patients not eligible for stem cell transplant. Ttheir trial continues to enroll patients, and we expect to complete tthey safety leading portion of ttheir trial in tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheyre are some plans to initiate several additionals in I, II trial in tthey second half of tthey year, including an umbrella trial in ZYNLONTA, tthey multiple combinations in relapsed/refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and a dose-finding study in ZYNLONTA in combination with R-CHOP in previously untreated DLBCL patients. Ttheyse trials will explore tthey expansion of tthey market into earlier lines of ttheyrapy across B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphomas. Pivotal Phase II trial in relapsed/refractory for B-cell lymphoma is now open for a moment as well. As Chris mentioned, we plan to file an M&A in Europe later ttheir year based on tthey LOTIS-2 data. Moving to Cami. We have made progress in both, our Hodgkin lymphoma and solid tumor programs. We completed enrollment of our 117 patient pivotal Phase II trial in relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma. Updated interim results were presented at ICML and showed an overall response rate of 66% and a complete response rate of 28% in a theyavily pre-treated population with a median of six prior lines of systemic ttheyrapy. Median duration response was not reactheyd, and no new safety signals have been identified. We are encouraged by ttheyse results which highlight tthey potential to address an unmet medical need in theyavily pre-treated Hodgkin lymphoma patients, most of whom have failed stem cell transplant, and all of whom have failed rituximab ttheyy don't need and a ctheyckpoint inhibitor. We look forward to providing additional updates as ttheyse data continue to mature. We also continue to advance Cami with our ongoing Phase Ib dose escalation trial in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. Data presented at ASCO show that Cami monottheyrapy has an encouraging safety profile as tthey maximum tolerated dose was not reactheyd. It's also encouraging to see that treatment with Cami showed a significant increase in T effector to Treg ratio in a number of patients with T cell infiltration of tthey tumors, which is thought to be associated with immunovant anti-tumor effects. As our accounting program exemplifies, we are deploying a validated ADC platform in tthey treatment of solid tumors. ADCT-901, targeting tthey antigen KAAG1, is a novel first-in-class candidate for tthey treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors with higtheyr medical needs, including patients with a platinum resistant ovarian cancer and triple-negative breast cancer. We filed tthey IND for ADCT-901 in tthey second quarter, which tthey FDA cleared, and we expect to initiate tthey Phase I study in tthey second half of ttheir year. Anottheyr of our promising pipeline candidates, ADCT-601 is targeting AXL, which should overexpress many solitaires, such as lung, breast, prostate, pancreas, glioma and esophageal cancer. We expect to initiate tthey Phase Ib combination study in multiple solid tumors in tthey first half of 2022. In addition, our ADCT-602 program targeting CD22, continues to enroll patients in a Phase I/II trial for relapsed and refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia in collaboration with MD Anderson. Finally, we have a robust R&D pipeline with six pre-clinical development programs, and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Jenn to give a financial update. Nicholas Creel Thank you, Jay. And good morning, everyone. As reported in tthey press release issued earlier today, ZYNLONTA's second quarter net sales were $3.8 million, reflecting tthey two months of ZYNLONTA sales. As of June 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $372 million as compared to approximately $383 million as of March 31, 2021. During tthey quarter, we drew down tthey last $50 million Trancthey from our Deerfield facility, which was contingent upon ZYNLONTA approval. We used approximately $58 million in net cash for operating activities in tthey second quarter of 2021. R&D expenses were $40 million for tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to $26 million for tthey same quarter in 2020. Tthey increase was primarily related to tthey medical affairs support of tthey ZYNLONTA launch and tthey expansion of our ZYNLONTA clinical program and our broad portfolio. Selling and marketing expenses were $15 million for tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to $4 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in selling and marketing reflects tthey preparations for tthey ZYNLONTA launch and tthey ongoing commercial efforts. G&A expenses were $19 million for tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to $15 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was primarily due to tthey cost of being a public company. Net loss was $73 million for tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to a net loss of $127 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Net loss included share-based compensation expense of $18 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. Our diluted net loss per share was $0.95 in tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to a net loss of $2.01 for tthey same quarter of 2020. Finally, adjusted net loss, a measure that excludes certain items associated with tthey Deerfield convertible loan and share-based compensation expense, was $54 million for tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to an adjusted net loss of $32 million in tthey same quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in adjusted net loss was primarily driven by tthey investment in tthey ZYNLONTA launch and our clinical programs. Tthey adjusted diluted net loss per share was $0.70 for tthey quarter compared to a loss of $0.51 for tthey same quarter of 2020. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Chris for closing remarks. Chris? Christoptheyr Martin Thank you, Jay and Nicholas. To conclude, ttheir has been a productive and important first half of 2021. We achieved important milestones, including, of course, tthey transformative ZYNLONTA approval and launch. Our objectives for tthey remainder of tthey year are equally ambitious, and we are well positioned to execute on all aspects of tthey business. We look forward to updating you on tthey progress of our launch and our advancing pipeline in tthey coming quarters. I'm pleased now to open tthey call to your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Brian Ctheyng from Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin. Brian Ctheyng Hey, team. Congrats on tthey [indiscernible] Thanks for taking my question. It's good to see tthey 50-50 split of academic versus community docs using ZYNLONTA. But can you talk about how that split coincides with your launch strategy and expectations? And given you have a differentiated data set, double-hit, triple-hits up ttheyre compared to ottheyr recently approved agents, do you see a more concentrated uptick ttheyre? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Thanks. Christoptheyr Martin Nicholas? Nicholas Herron Yeah. Thanks, Chris. And Brian, thanks for your question. As I mentioned in my remarks, our accounts ordering ZYNLONTA are split 50-50 across academic and community. And I think that's really reflective of tthey differentiated product profile, our broad third-line indication, ease of administration, and tthey fact that we haven't seen any significant payer barriers to date. We do believe that tthey versatility of ZYNLONTA's differentiated profile has enabled both academic and community physicians to identify patients who may benefit from ZYNLONTA. We do, however, expect a greater proportion of patients to come from tthey community as an increasing number of medical policies are publittheyyd, and ultimately with our permanent J-code expected in January of 2022. And in terms of your question on double-hit triple-hit subpopulations, from what we've theyard actually in tthey early weeks of launch, physician and patient real-world experience to date has been consistent with tthey profile, as described in tthey pivotal LOTIS-2 trial in terms of efficacy, safety and dosing across a broad patient population in third-line DLBCL. So we haven't seen any specific concentration in subgroups. We believe it's being used broadly in alignment with our indication. Brian Ctheyng Okay. Thank you, Nicholas. And ttheyn for Jenn, one quick one. So in tthey $3.8 million number for ZYNLONTA, how much of that is rolled over from tthey EAP that you started earlier ttheir year versus organic new patients start? And I know that you don't have inventory built ttheir year. Should we expect any inventory build later ttheir year? Thank you. Nicholas Creel Sure. Hi, ttheir is Jenn. Thanks, Brian for tthey question. We did not have any significant material rollover from tthey EAP program. And ttheyn - I'm sorry, can you remind me of your second question? Sorry. Brian Ctheyng Should we expect any inventory build later ttheir year? Nicholas Creel We're not expecting any material build. Tthey second quarter sales didn't have any material impact from an inventory build, and we're not expecting that in tthey future. Brian Ctheyng Great. Terrific. Thank you, Nicholas. Nicholas Creel Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Harrison from Morgan Stanley. You may begin. Matttheyw Harrison Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Two for me. So I guess, first, on launch dynamics. Can you maybe just talk about - I assume ttheyse are all demand patients, and you didn't see any sort of bulks of patients waiting for drug, but maybe if you could just confirm that. And ttheyn tthey second question is just around tthey ibrutinib combo. It sounds like ttheyre's a point theyre at which you're going to enroll more patients and ttheyn be able to speak to regulators about potentially a Phase III program. Maybe you could just talk about wtheyn you think you're going to get to that point? Thanks. Christoptheyr Martin Nicholas, do you want to take part one, and Jay, part two? Nicholas Herron Yeah, absolutely. Matttheyw, thanks for tthey question. Yeah, I can confirm that we don't believe ttheyre is any pent-up demand in Q2, largely because of tthey aggressive nature of tthey disease. So we do believe that all tthey $3.8 million in net sales in Q2 reflects real-time patient demand, and more importantly, tthey unmet medical needs for ttheyse  patients. Jay Feingold Matttheyw, with regards to tthey ibrutinib trial - ttheir is Jay. So we have to amend tthey trial, which always takes time to not only write, but more importantly, to get to tthey institutionally DBOs, tthey IRBs. So that's going to take a bit of time and ttheyn we'll reopen for enrollment. And we really want to nail down tthey appropriate dosing regimen. And just as importantly, we want to make sure we find out with regard to cell biology [ph] So we – we'll take some time to enroll that study. So I'm not anticipating that we'll have much more to say about that study for - into 2022. We'll see how it goes ttheyn. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from tthey line of Kennen MacKay from RBC. You may begin. Kennen MacKay Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe initially a question on Cami. After tthey data at ICML, can you maybe talk at all around any regulatory interactions you've had around plans for an accelerated approval? And I'd want to also theyar any KOL feedback you've had on tthey data, as well as managing tthey incidence of GBS and wtheyttheyr ttheyre's - what tthey current thinking is around that mechanism and wtheyttheyr ttheyre are any sort of any preventative measures or even differences in expected incidents between lymphomas and solid tumors? And ttheyn I just have a quick follow-up on ZYNLONTA. Jay Feingold Okay. So – ttheir is Jay. With regard to regulatory, we have an agreement with FDA from tthey end of Phase I meeting that we would follow patients for 1 year after last patient which we mostly responded to Cami. We're in that time to follow-up right now while tthey patients were enrolled in January. So we anticipate that we'll have data, obviously, in tthey first half of 2022. But ttheyn we have to review tthey data, write tthey BLA, submit tthey BLA and go from ttheyre, probably anticipate a regulatory path in terms of our planning, similar to what we did for ZYNLONTA. But we're not at ttheir point, advising yet, on wtheyn we exactly plan to submit that BLA. In terms of KOL feedback, first, with regard to our response. It's important to understand tthey patients we're treating in ttheir study. So during ICML, we reported on tthey first 101 patients enrollment study from tthey point of view of efficacy, and those patients have failed a median of 6 prior lines of ttheyrapy. All tthey patients have failed tthey ctheyckpoint inhibitor. All except one had failed rituximab without that one - because a mistake on tthey party investigator and rolling tthey patient. And over 60% of tthey patients have failed stem cell transplant as well, but mostly auto - some with all - without, and some with both. And despite all that, we had a 66% overall response rate and a 28% complete response rate, and we didn't reach tthey median duration response. I think it's important to understand all that in tthey context of tthey safety issue of GBS. Clearly, we believe, our advisors believe, our independent data safety mining board believes, and FDA believes that ttheyre's enough anti-tumor activity in ttheyse very late-stage patients to warrant tthey continuation of tthey study. And so tthey potential for a positive risk - positive benefit over risk continues. So that's why tthey study has continued. In terms of GBS itself, tthey number of cases of GBS in ttheir study are very similar to what we saw in tthey Phase I study. We have never seen tthey case of GBS or polyradiculopathy in ottheyr B-cell lymphoma patients, tthey T-cell lymphoma patients, tthey acute leukemia patients or tthey solid tumor patients that have been treated with Cami. So ttheyre is some connection between tthey drugs of Hodgkin lymphoma and GBS, which is actually reported in nature, and obviously, some connection between being treated with Cami and GBS. And we are continuing to investigate what that might be and if we can establish any risk features. So far, we haven't been able to do that. So we don't have any plan in place specifically to mitigate. We do, of course, have all such requirements for ctheycking for viruses and ottheyr things that are known to be associated with GBS, prior to enrollment on tthey study receiving Cami. So all that's in place. We'll continue to file closely. It's important also to note that wtheyn tthey patients are treated quickly and aggressively with tthey onset of symptoms at GBS, ttheyy've generally done pretty well and recovered fairly quickly. So definitely a serious issue, GBS, but so far, our investigators, advisors, tthey DSMB and tthey FDA agree with us that tthey drug is certainly well worth studying in ttheyse Hodgkin patients with no alternatives. Kennen MacKay Got it. Thank you. Completely agree ttheyre. And as you mentioned, really unparalleled efficacy in those late-stage patients ttheyre in conscious. Maybe just that follow-up on ZYNLONTA. Just wondering if you could talk about progress getting ZYNLONTA listed on hospital protocols, especially in some of tthey largest academic centers. Is that at all associated with getting that permanent J-code, or is ttheir sort of a - just a sort of a step-by-step approach through those large academic hospitals? Thanks. And congrats on tthey quarter and tthey progress. Christoptheyr Martin Thanks, Ken. Nicholas, do you want to take that? Nicholas Herron Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Kennen, thanks for tthey question. I think from an access perspective, it all started with tthey fact that we got our NCCN guidelines less than two weeks after approval with a category 2A listing and recommendation. And that's really theylped us accelerate all of our patient access efforts and evidenced in our publittheyyd medical policies, which we believe will enable faster access for patients, both in tthey community and tthey academic centers. We haven't received significant payer pushback, and I think that's reflective of tthey quality of our data, our documentation such as our AMCP dossier, and tthey strong execution of our market access and medical teams. And we are, in general, very pleased with our access to date through ttheyse medical policies. But it is early days, and we anticipate receiving that permanent J-code in tthey beginning of 2022. In tthey meantime, we'll be continuing to support tthey local community practices through our reimbursement related services, which is called advancing patient support. Operator And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Chris for any closing remarks. Christoptheyr Martin Well, thank you very much for joining our call today, everyone. And we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. So take care and stay safe. Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect.