China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) Q1 2014 Earnings Call November 14, 2013 8:00 AM ET Executives Jemming Shang - Board Secretary Xianfu Han - Founder, Chairman and CEO Analysts John Tini - Private Investor Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey China Advanced Construction Materials Group Inc. Fiscal Year 2014 First Quarter Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ms. Jemming Shang. Thank you Ms. Shang, you may begin. Jemming Shang Thank you, Juan. And welcome all to our China ACM fiscal year 2014 first quarter conference call. I am Jemming Shang, tthey Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I would like to remind you that management’s prepared remarks contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Ttheyrefore tthey Company claims tthey protection of tthey Safe Harbor for forward-looking statement that is contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk factors but not limited to change from anticipated levels of sales, future international or regional economic and competitive and regulatory conditions change in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing in marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and ottheyr factors that may be included in tthey Risk section of our filing with tthey SEC. Accordingly, although tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, ttheyre can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any projection as to tthey Company's future performance represents management’s estimates as of today, November 14, 2013. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, future events or even change in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and our CEO; Mr. Weili He, Vice Chair and COO, Interim CFO; and Mr. Xinyong Gao, tthey Financial Controller of tthey Company. Now I have prepared remarks from Mr. Han and that have been translated into English and I will now read on Mr. Han’s behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Although, we experienced a year-over-year decrease in revenue growth for tthey first quarter of fiscal year 2014, we are glad that we did better than what we expected in ttheir quarter at tthey end of fiscal year 2013. We will continue our efforts to improve tthey collection of accounts receivables, expand our plant network and increase our client basis for tthey coming quarter to curtail future losses. For tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, we generated total revenue of approximately $10.2 million compared to approximately $30.8 million during tthey three months ended September 30, 2012, a decrease of approximately $20.6 million or 67.0%. Such decrease is due to a reduction in sales generated from tthey concrete division for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013. Our concrete sales revenue was approximately $9.7 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, a decrease of approximately $19.2 million or 66.3% compared to tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Tthey decrease in revenues attributable to concrete sales was principally due to tthey decreased sales in tthey areas in which we operate. Operations at one of our concrete producing plants were suspended due to tthey China International Garden Expo and a temporary suspension order imposed by tthey Beijing government for industrial activities in tthey area. In addition, China's central government continues to impose restrictions on tthey purchase of residential apartments in order to regulate housing prices in China. And China's economic growth has been decelerating since 2012, which has caused an adverse impact on tthey construction industry in China. During tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, we continued to supply concrete products to three railway projects throughout tthey China through our portable plants, specially our projects located in Anhui Province. Ttheyse three projects contributed approximately $0.4 million to our total revenue for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, a decrease of approximately $1.5 million or 77.1%, compared to tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Tthey decrease in revenues attributable to our manufacturing services segment was principally due to tthey suspension of operations of a number of our portable plants during tthey three months ended September 30, 2013. For tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, we a generated total cost of revenue of approximately $9.0 million compared to approximately $23.5 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012, a decrease of approximately $14.5 million or 62%. Tthey decrease in cost of revenue was principally due to tthey overall decrease in production from our fixed concrete plants in tthey Beijing area and a decreased production on manufacturing services compared to tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Tthey cost of revenue on concrete decreased by approximately $13.2 million or 61% for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 as compared to tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Such decrease was due to a decrease in our concrete production volume. Cost of revenue with respect to our manufacturing services was primarily due to our manufacturing services, which decreased by approximately $1.2 million or 75% during tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 as compared to tthey same period last year. For gross profit; Total gross profit was approximately $1.1 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 as compared to approximately $7.3 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Our gross profit for sale of concrete was approximately $1.1 million or 11.4% of revenue for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 compared to approximately $7.0 million or 24.3% of revenue for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012, a decrease of approximately $5.9 million. Tthey lower gross profit from concrete sales for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 compared with tthey three months ended September 30, 2012 reflects lower production volume while we were subject to similar level of fixed costs. Our gross profit with respect to our manufacturing services was approximately $0.03 million or 7.0% for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, a decrease of $0.29 million from $0.32 million during tthey three months ended September 30, 2012, while tthey gross profit margin decreased from 16.4% for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012 to 7.0% for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013. Such decrease was principally due to tthey decrease in revenue for manufacturing services for three months ended September 30, 2013 as a result of tthey decrease in tthey number of portable plants and a lower production rates at our plants. Provision for doubtful accounts; we incurred provision for doubtful accounts of $3.0 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, a decrease of $6.3 million as compared to $9.3 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. In accordance with our allowance for doubtful accounts policy, at tthey end of each quarter, we conduct an aging analysis of each customer's arrears to determine wtheyttheyr tthey allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. Tthey provision is 15% for accounts receivable past due more than 180 days but less than one year, 60% for accounts receivable past due out one to two years and 75% for accounts receivable past due beyond two years. Tthey allowance for doubtful accounts increased to approximately $39.5 million at September 30, 2013 as compared to approximately $36.5 million at June 30, 2013, as a result of tightening monetary policy by tthey Chinese government causing a shortage in cash and declining business of certain of our customers. We incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately $2.9 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, a decrease of approximately $0.3 million or 8.7% as compared to approximately $3.2 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Tthey decrease was principally due to a $0.1 million decrease in meals and entertainment expenses, $0.1 million decrease in office expenses and a $0.1 million decrease in rental expenses. Research and development expenses for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 was $0.2 million, a decrease of approximately $0.1 million or 29.4% as compared to approximately $0.3 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012. Tthey Company's research and development expenditure was maintained at a certain percentage of revenue. Tthey $0.1 million decrease was mainly due to lower research and development expenditures resulting from decreased revenue. For tthey three months ended September 30, 2013, we incurred a $1.4 million loss realized from tthey disposal of property, plant and equipment. During tthey three months ended September 30, 2012, we incurred a $0.4 million loss realized from tthey disposal of property, plant and equipment. Tthey increase of $1.0 million was due to disposal of certain vehicles. We recognized a net loss of approximately $5.8 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2013 as compared to a net loss of approximately $5.4 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2012, an increase of $0.4 million. Such increase in net loss was primarily due to tthey decrease in gross profits of our concrete sales and manufacturing services. And tthey increase in loss realized from tthey disposal of property, plant and equipment, which was offset by tthey decrease in tthey provision for doubtful accounts and tthey provision for income taxes. Tthey Balance ttheyyet overview; China ACM had a working capital of $33.2 million at September 30, 2013 including $6.9 million in cash and equivalents, $13.0 million in restricted cash, $11.1 million in short-term investments, $52.6 million in accounts receivable, $33.0 million in prepayments, $16.3 million in ottheyr receivables and $107.8 million in total liabilities. Shareholders' equity was $51.3 million compared with $56.7 million at June 30, 2013. Tthey total number of shares outstanding as of November 8, 2013 was 1.5 million. For our second quarter fiscal year 2014 and tthey fiscal year 2014 guidance; for tthey second quarter ending December 31, 2013, management expects to earn revenue of between $9 million and $11 million and incur between a net income of between $1 million and a net loss of $1 million, resulting in EPS of between $0.67 and minus $0.67 based on weighted average shares of about 1.5 million as of November 12, 2013. For tthey fiscal year ended June 30, 2014, management reaffirms our projected guidance that is to earn revenue of between $56 million and $58 million, net income of between $2 million and $3 million and EPS of between $1.35 and $2.02 based on weighted average shares of about 1.5 million as of November 12, 2013. Now I would like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator, please open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from tthey line of John Tini, a Private Investor. Please proceed with your question. John Tini - Private Investor First, I’d like to ask about tthey accounts receivable, you have gross balance of about $92 million in receivables and an allowance of $40 million. Do you have any expectations for how much of that you might be able to recovery over ttheir year? Xianfu Han Actually now it is quite difficult to provide an accurate estimation about tthey percentage which can be recovered. And what we can do now is try our best to do tthey necessary preparations and try to recover as much as possible. John Tini - Private Investor Ttheyn I would like to ask ttheyre has already been some news about tthey theyavy air pollution in Norttheyrn China in tthey cold season. Does ttheir create any risk that you might be subject to controls that would limit your ability to do business over tthey remainder of ttheir year? Xianfu Han Actually with regard to ttheir year maybe tthey influence will not be so serious and will not be so significant to our Company. But from a long-term perspective it is very likely that some traditional plants and traditional equipments of tthey production will be subject to tthey new policy which may come out at different levels, tthey central level or local level in order to control tthey air pollution and environmental pollution. So yes from tthey long perspective it is possible. John Tini - Private Investor In a long term perspective -- long term perspective? Xianfu Han Yes, in tthey long-term perspective some traditional equipment and tthey traditional facilities like pumps ttheyy will be subject to tthey controlling properties coming out at different levels. John Tini - Private Investor Ttheyn can I ask do you supply any concrete for city rail projects like subways or only for long distance? Xianfu Han Now actually in our business tthey part for long distance railways is only occupies a very small part. We also provide concrete product to city rail projects as like you mentioned and also we provide for many commercial housing projects in tthey city. John Tini - Private Investor Ttheyn could I ask you to share some description of tthey opportunity, tthey long-term opportunity for environmentally friendly business like concrete recycling or special materials that can reduce pollution from tthey air? Jemming Shang You mean from our Company’s perspective any…? John Tini - Private Investor Yes, from your Company’s perspective, how much opportunity does tthey Company see in those areas? Jemming Shang Mr. Han also firmly believes that tthey environmentally friendly technology, clean technology will be tthey major trend in ttheir concrete industry. And our Company actually has been working on some recent relevant R&D projects for a long time. And we are committed to contributing more efforts in ttheir area, but so far we haven’t had any specific and tactical, final results coming out from our [R&D] (ph) -- research. But we believe ttheir is something we should do and we will work harder on ttheir. John Tini - Private Investor Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for answering my questions and I look forward to positive results over tthey rest of tthey year. Thank you. Jemming Shang Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no ottheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I will turn tthey floor back to management for any concluding comments. Jemming Shang Okay, thank you. So now on behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han, our Vice Chairman and COO, Interim CFO, Mr. Weili He, Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director, Mr. Xinyang Gao, tthey Financial Controller and tthey rest of China ACM’s management team, thank you for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. And thank you for your participation.