China Advanced Construction Materials Group (CADC) F3Q13 Earnings Call May 16, 2013 8:00 AM ET Executives Xianfu Han – Chairman and CEO Weili He – Vice Chairman and COO, Interim CFO  Operator  Greetings and welcome to tthey China Advanced Construction Materials Group Inc. earnings call to report third quarter fiscal year 2013 results. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host [Jemming Shang]. Thank you miss, you may begin. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you. And welcome to China ACM fiscal year 2013 third quarter conference call. I am Jemming Shang, tthey Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that management’s prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Ttheyrefore tthey company claims tthey protection of tthey Safe Harbor for forward-looking statement that is contained in tthey Public Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk facts but not limited to change from anticipated levels of sales, future international or regional economic and a competitive and regulatory condition change in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing and marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and ottheyr factors that may be included in tthey risk section of our filing with tthey SEC. Accordingly although tthey company believes that such expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, ttheyre can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any cost additions as to tthey Company's future performance represents managements estimates as of today May 16, 2013. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, furttheyr events or even change in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; and Mr. Weili He, Vice Chairman and COO, interim CFO, Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of tthey Board. Now I have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and we will now read ttheir on their behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Although we experienced year over year decrease in revenue growth for tthey third quarter of fiscal year 2013, ttheir decrease was principally due to tthey suspension of some plants. In order to curtail future losses we will continue our efforts to improve tthey collection of tthey accounts receivables and trying to increase our client base for tthey rest of tthey year. For revenue; our revenue is primarily generated from sales of our advanced ready-mix concrete products and manufacturing services. For tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, we generated revenue of $7.2 million compared to $18.9 million during tthey same period in 2012, a decrease of $11.7 million or 61.7%. Tthey decrease in our revenue is due primarily due to decreased revenue from our manufacturing services and concrete sales for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013. Our concrete sales revenue was approximately $7.2 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, a decrease of $10.8 million or 60% from tthey three months ended March 31, 2012. Tthey decrease in revenues from concrete sales was principally due to tthey decreased demand of concrete sales in line with slowing down of tthey housing market and overall economic growth. Revenue from our manufacturing services segment was $5,616 for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, a decrease of $0.85 million, or 99.3%, as compared to tthey three months ended March 31, 2012. Such decrease in revenue was attributable principally to tthey suspension of operations of certain of our portable plants during tthey three months ended March 31, 2013. Gross Profit. Gross profit was $0.1 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, as compared to $2.1 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2012. Our gross profit for tthey sale of concrete was $0.6 million, or 9.0% of revenue, for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, as compared to $2.6 million, or 15% of revenue, for tthey same period last year. Tthey decreased gross profit margin reflects lower demand and lower prices for our concrete products in Beijing as compared to tthey same period last year. Our gross loss with respect to our manufacturing services segment was $0.6 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, flat with $0.6 million gross loss for tthey same period last year. Provision for doubtful accounts. We incurred provision for doubtful accounts of $1.3 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, a decrease of $2.3 million, as compared to $3.6 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2012. An estimate of doubtful accounts is recorded wtheyn collection of tthey full amount is no longer probable. Known bad debts are written off against allowance for doubtful accounts wtheyn identified. Tthey accrual ratio is 5% for accounts receivable past due less than one year, 50% for accounts receivable past due from one to two years and 100% for accounts receivable past due beyond two years. \ In accordance with our allowance for doubtful accounts policy, at tthey end of each quarter, we conduct an aging analysis of each customer's arrears to determine wtheyttheyr allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. In establishing allowance for doubtful accounts, we consider theirtorical experience, economy, trends in tthey construction industry, tthey expected collectability of amount receivable that are past due, and tthey expected collectability of overdue receivables. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of sales commissions, advertising and marketing costs, office rent and expenses, costs associated with staff and support personnel who manage our business activities, and professional and legal fees paid to third parties. We incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of $3.8 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, an increase of $0.7 million, or 22%, as compared to $3.1 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2012. Tthey increase was principally due to an increase in salary and employment benefit expense, and advertising expense. Net loss. We recognized net loss of approximately $8.8 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2013, as compared to net loss of approximately $4.2 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2012, an increase of $4.6 million. Such increase in net loss was primarily due to tthey decrease in gross profits of concrete sales and manufacturing service, tthey increase in selling, general, and administrative expense, and an impairment charge for long-lived assets. For balance ttheyyet overview. China ACM had working capital of $37.8 million at March 31, 2013, including $2.3 million in cash and equivalents, $4.3 million in restricted cash and $63.2 million in total liabilities. Shareholders' equity was $61.8 million compared with $79 million at June 30, 2012. Tthey total number of shares outstanding as of May 10, 2013 was 17.8 million. For guidance update. During tthey third quarter ended June 30, 2013, tthey management expects tthey company to earn revenue of between $13 million and $15 million, recognize net loss of between $8 million and $9 million, and EPS of between minus $0.45 and minus $0.50 based on weighted average shares of 17.83 million. In addition, tthey company updates its full year guidance for tthey fiscal year ending June 30, 2013, and currently expects to earn revenue of between $72 million and $75 million, recognize net loss of $25 million to $ 27 million, and EPS of minus $1.40 to minus $1.51 based on weighted average shares of 17.83 million. Now I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from tthey line of John Chi, a private investor. Tthey questioner has disconnected. Ladies and gentlemen, it appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any concluding remarks. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Chi, your line is live. You may proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Thank you very much. I am sorry, I got disconnected. I am very sorry about that. Thank you for waiting. I wanted to ask about tthey guidance that you provided for tthey fourth quarter guidance of about $14 million in revenue and a loss of about $8 million. So if compare to tthey third quarter tthey revenue increased about $7 million but tthey loss is about tthey same. So I was wondering if you were expecting any exceptional items, any write-downs or anything unusual in tthey fourth quarter. Xianfu Han Thank you, John for raising that question and I can address your comments on tthey guidance we provided. For tthey fourth quarter yes we did provide to public a quarterly guidance in tthey ballpark of $14 million to $15 million and ttheir revenue guidance reflects tthey management’s expectation that tthey fourth quarter is typically a better quarter than tthey third quarter because tthey third quarter is renewal quarter and end of tthey spring customer quarter and typically tthey lowest sales quarter – for every year. Ttheir guidance, if you compare with tthey last three years, Q4 sales number it reflects a significant slowdown. That is mainly attributable to several major factors such as tthey slowdown of tthey housing last year and ultimately is tthey company’s ongoing plan to relocate and replanning, relaunching its concrete ready mix production stations. As we disclosed in tthey update since tthey last quarter because tthey municipal government is requiring any production inside of urban area to be relocated out of downtown Beijing and tthey urban area of Beijing city. So not exceptionally but producers, manufacturers of concrete ready mix products we are in a process of re-obtaining tthey production lease and relocating ttheyir production facilities to a furttheyr distant location in tthey whole metropolitan area. So that revenue number reflects our opinion on how much we’re earning revenue for tthey fourth quarter and revenue wise we believe that (inaudible) we believe operating profit will be improved for tthey fourth quarter from tthey third quarter. We likely will achieve a better concrete operating profits, which means all our operating costs in terms of tthey material and labor will be less than $14 million to $15 million but tthey margin will be better – tthey margin will be better than tthey past quarter and tthey second quarter, however it will still be less than traditional 10% gross margin really because we are in tthey process of relocating and tthey additional shipping costs and tthey labor costs also – gross profit basis. Of that, operating wise, we expect to achieve at least tthey breakeven and on tthey G&A expense side, we do expect ttheyre’re a number of one-time charges such as additional accounts receivable allowance, net debt allowance accounts for certain each accountable receivable, last year we have been in tthey ballpark of $0.5 million – I am sorry, that will be in a ballpark of approximately 5 million. And lastly, we expect that we will incur some additional costs in ttheir portable station relocation and corresponding ttheir total of some fixed assets. And in tthey meantime in addition to ttheyse asset relocations, we are also acquiring and procuring new fixed assets or theyavy (inaudible). In tthey third quarter we purchased eight theyavy duty trucks, concrete top trucks and we invested. If you take a lot at our cash flow statement we invested roughly 6 to 7 million for ttheir theyavy duty part trucks on concrete. So it’s going to be launctheyd for new projects such as tthey new airport construction project. I hope ttheir theylps. Unidentified Analyst Could you give me an idea of how much of your capacity you are currently using? Because some of tthey capacity has suspended tthey accounts of or are you going to – half of it about today or how much it’s been in years right now Xianfu Han It’s caution to accurately or precisely for that, answers to your question I want to caution you that for 13 capacities associated with our high speed railway project, has to be tthey railway business has been idled for a while. And we expected that highly likely some capacities in that type of business will be eventually relocated or disposed to some extent if those capacities cannot be utilized. In tthey long term, in a certain region, however on tthey ottheyr hand, wtheynever ttheir high speed railway project can reignite it and re-ready and ctheymical to relaunch ttheyse capacities, fairly (inaudible). To address your question, for Beijing, in tthey Beijing market tthey capacity use will be – has been – because our total capacity has been shrinking, because to ttheir temporary relocation and redevelopment of ttheir production. Based on our case 30% to 40% will be fair aspect for tthey fourth quarter. Unidentified Analyst And do you have any sense of our second half of tthey year? Xianfu Han Fiscal year or a calendar situation year. In total? Unidentified Analyst Calendar year. Right just – it’s just do you see an improvement coming, or are you waiting for government policy or can you just tell me anything about you theyar some of your customers about later on tthey summer and fall ad maybe next winter. Xianfu Han To answer your questions I think I will address from S as perception First of all following of each kind of slows it from tthey acquisition. And tthey second quarter of tthey calendar which is tthey current we are in is a big sales quarter. I will provide in our guidance, tthey 140 to 150 nearly guidance reflects a couple of markets of our third quarter. So on tthey ottheyr hand we expected that returning to some extent ttheir year, however, tthey relocation due to tthey municipal government policies to strengttheyn tthey environmental protection slow down company pace to pick up ttheyse in our revenues because of our relocation. And overall we are confident and optimistic that tthey market is constantly improving. And we have been working diligently to relocate our existing production as fast as possible so that ttheir capacity can be regained at good rate as we can, wtheynever tthey market get pick up we readily launch ttheyse assets. Unidentified Analyst I also wanted to ask you have tthey allowance for doubtful accounts is now very high, $33 million, so those will be receivables as you broke down to zero value. Are you still trying to collect those accounts, what happened to those customers as ttheyy have gone out of business or – ttheyy don’t have money to pay, do you have any chance to recover that money? Xianfu Han We have allowance, net debt allowance can become receivable is very common for concrete read-mix producers and manufacturers in tthey recent one year or couple of years. Ttheir is mainly due to tthey liquidity capacity and tthey difficulties for our customers, our distributors will pay us in time. Even as us, one of tthey largest top 10 ready mix concrete producers and suppliers in tthey nation’s large – tthey concrete market, wtheyttheyr tthey (inaudible) markets. We not exceptionally encountered ttheyse difficulties in collecting account receivables. While we have managed ttheir age, tthey accounts receivables, we lost an integral plant with ttheir relocation. Wtheyn we relocate ttheyse plants, ttheyse production patients we’re actively seeking successors to take over not only tthey fixed assets but also some accounts receivables associated with tthey plant and ttheyse will reflect in our second quarter ’13, accounts receivable was sold togettheyr with tthey plan to fix under it. Not had tthey par value. And we expect that eight accounts receivable won’t be right on to zero and actually some of ttheym can be recovered with some residual value by cost ramping ttheym to successor as a condition for tthey success of tthey take over tthey some of tthey fixed assets we have furttheyr growth of flat. Unidentified Analyst I would also like to ask if I look at tthey property development companies, or commercial real estate – ttheyy are earning a lot of profit right now. Ttheyir business is going well, and if I look at your business supplying tthey construction companies, it seems very weak. So could you theylp me understand why tthey company is selling property or making a lot of money but tthey ottheyr business is weak. Xianfu Han That’s a very good question. Because real estate market in China in a property development market, tthey developers, tthey companies you mentioned are questioned, typically household pattern is different than ours. Ttheyy take it of onsets, deposits, theyavy deposits from tthey property – ottheyr than tthey market environment is tense, wtheyre tthey homeowners – we will only finance to through purchase both through tthey right at tthey time of closing, or hope to disclosing for tthey property market in China. Ttheyre are some markets tthey housing buyers, tthey homeowners will require that we pay 30% downpay for tthey area, 30-40% downpay for tthey property and basically we will require to pay 70% downpay to tthey developer tthey time wtheyn ttheyy sign ttheir contract, tthey commitment contract and tthey time wtheyn ttheyy can receive tthey keys of ttheyir property is three years forward. So ttheir is a key difference between tthey property development companies and tthey construction materials supplier. For construction material supplier, we supply ttheyse concrete materials, steel, cements, tthey developers’ right well in advance. And tthey will pay us back many months later after we deliver as ttheir is only market around over ttheyre. So I would say tthey comparable industry to analyze for tthey purpose of relative value, wtheyn you analyze ottheyr companies with ottheyr companies, I order through cements companies, I order through steel companies, and property development companies. Property development company is tthey leader in tthey real estate market. It is first wtheyn tthey market is happening recovery and however a little with tthey materials supplier in tthey second tier, and even third tier. Unidentified Analyst That’s all my questions. I appreciate your continuing support of tthey call. It’s easy to stand up and get tthey attention wtheyn tthey business is good but wtheyn tthey business is difficult, I think I appreciate your’re still able to explain tthey situation and answer questions. So thanks very much. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back to management for any concluding remarks. Xianfu Han Thank you. Well, on behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; our Vice Chairman and COO, interim CFO, Mr. Weili He, Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director and tthey rest of tthey China ACM management team. Thank you all for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow up questions. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.