China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call February 17, 2015 8:00 AM ET Executives Jemming Shang - Board Secretary Xianfu Han - Chairman and CEO Ken Ren - Independent Director, Board Analysts Operator Greetings. And welcome to tthey China Advanced Construction Materials Group Fiscal Year 2015 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Jemming Shang. Ms. Shang, you may begin. Jemming Shang Thank you. And welcome to China ACM conference call for tthey second quarter of 2015 fiscal year. I am Jemming Shang, tthey Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I would like to remind you that management's prepared remarks contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Ttheyrefore tthey company claims tthey protection of tthey Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements that is contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk as, but not limited to, changes from anticipated levels of sales, future national or regional economic and a competitive and regulatory conditions, changes in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing in marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and ottheyr factors that maybe included in tthey Risk section of our filings with tthey SEC. Accordingly, although, tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, ttheyre can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any projection as to tthey company's future performance represents management's estimates as of today, February 17, 2015. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, future events or even change in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of tthey Board. I'll now have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and will now read on Mr. Han's behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning. In tthey past quarter, tthey Government of China hosted tthey APEC meeting in Beijing to mitigate tthey adverse pollutions, tthey government ordered suspensions of industrial production in Beijing and vicinity area, larger, wider and longer than expected. Such suspensions had adversely affected certain industries and companies. Our company got affected as well for tthey quarter. However, for tthey rest of tthey year, we will continue our efforts to increase our client base and improve tthey collection of account receivables. In tthey ongoing third quarter, we are committed to sweat to stop loss and bring our business back to tthey normal track. We target to turn around as soon as possible and are cautiously optimistic to breakeven for tthey whole fiscal year as we had planned. For tthey second quarter fiscal year 2015 results, for tthey three months ended December 31, 2014, we incurred total revenue of approximately US$17.6 million and total costs of revenue of approximately US$16.1 million. Our gross profit for sale of concrete was approximately US$1.6 million or 9% of revenue. Tthey provision for doubtful accounts was US$1.4 million. And we incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately US$2.9 million. Research and development expenses were US$0.3 million. And we recognized net loss of approximately US$2.9 million, which was mainly due to tthey production suspension caused by tthey APEC meeting in Beijing. For tthey third quarter ended on March 31, 2015, we expect to earn revenue of between US$10 million and US$11 million, net income of between US$1 million and US$1.5 million, and EPS of between US$0.48 and US$0.71 based on fully diluted shares of 2.1 million as of February 15, 2015. For tthey full fiscal year ended on June 30, 2015, we expect to earn revenue of between US$70 million and US$75 million, net income of between US$1 million and US$2 million, and EPS of between US$0.48 and US$0.95 based on fully diluted shares of 2.1 million as of February 15, 2015. Now, I will like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator, please open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Jemming Shang Okay. Thank you. On behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; Mr. Ken Ren, tthey Independent Director and tthey rest of tthey China ACM management team, thank you for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.