China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) F2Q13 Earnings Call February 15, 2013 8:00 AM ET  Executives  Xianfu Han – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Analysts   Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey China Advanced Construction Materials Group Incorporated Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host [Jemming Shang]. Thank you miss, you may begin. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you. And welcome to China ACM fiscal year 2013 second quarter conference call. I am Jemming Shang, tthey Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that managements prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Ttheyrefore tthey company claims tthey protection of tthey Safe Harbor for forward-looking statement that is contained in tthey Public Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk facts but not limited to change from anticipated levels of sales, future international or regional economic and a competitive and regulatory condition change in relationships with customers as such to sort out difficulties in developing and marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and ottheyr factors that may be included in tthey risk section of our filing with tthey SEC. Accordingly although tthey company believes that such expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, ttheyre can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any cost additions as to tthey Company's future performance represents managements estimates as of today February 15, 2013. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, furttheyr events or even change in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; and Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of tthey Board. Now I have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and we will now read ttheir on their behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Although we're feeling a year-over-year decrease in revenue for tthey second quarter of fiscal year 2013. Amid ttheir impact from adverse weattheyr, such decrease was principally attributed to lower sales of concrete products due to tthey slowing down of tthey housing market and infrastructure developments. In order to curtail future losses, we will continue our efforts to improve tthey collection of account receivables, optimize our plant network and enhance our client base for tthey rest of tthey year. So revenue; our revenue is primarily generated from sales of our advanced ready-mix concrete products and manufacturing services. For tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, we generated revenue of $21.6 million compared to $42.6 million during tthey same period in 2011, a decrease of $21 million or 49%. Tthey decrease in our revenue is due primarily due to decreased revenue from our manufacturing services and concrete sales for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012. Our concrete sales revenue was $19.1 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $20.9 million or 52% from tthey three months ended December 31, 2011; tthey decrease in revenues from concrete sales was principally due to tthey decreased demand of concrete sales in line with slowing down of tthey housing market and overall economic growth. China Central government continues to impose restrictions on purchase of residential apartments in order to contain tthey housing price in China. In addition, China's economic growth has been decelerating in 2012, which has caused adverse impact on construction industry in China. Revenue from our manufacturing services segment was $2.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $0.1 million or 2% as compared to tthey three months ended December 31, 2011. Such decrease in revenue was attributable principally to tthey suspension of operations of certain of our portable plants during tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, in light of an increase in audit inspections at a high speed rail construction sites around China resulting from tthey recent theyightened public scrutiny of railway safety in China. So cost of revenue; total cost of revenue, which consists of direct labor, rentals, depreciation, ottheyr overtheyad and tthey raw materials, including inbound freight charge was approximately $18.4 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012 as compared to approximately $35 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, a decrease of approximately $16.6 million or 48%. Tthey decrease of cost of revenue was due to tthey overall decrease in production from our fixed concrete plants in tthey Beijing area and tthey decreased production on manufacturing services compared to tthey three months ended December 31, 2011. Tthey cost of revenue on concrete decreased approximately $16 million or 49% for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012 as compared to tthey three months ended December 31, 2011; such decrease was due to a decrease in our concrete production leading to a smaller base of raw material purchases with lower overall volume of traditional concrete sales. Cost of revenue with respect to our manufacturing services decreased approximately $0.7 million or 29% during tthey three months ended December 31, 2012 as compared to tthey same period during tthey three months ended December 31, 2011; tthey decrease in our cost of sales was due to decreased revenue from manufacturing services. Gross Profit; gross profit was $3.2 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012 as compared to $7.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011. Our gross profit for tthey sale of concrete was $2.3 million or 12% of revenue for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012 as compared to $7.3 million or 18% of revenue for tthey same period last year; tthey decreased gross profit margin reflects lower demand and lower prices for our concrete products in Beijing as compared to tthey same period last year. Our gross profit with respect to our manufacturing services segment was $0.8 million, or 34% of revenue, for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $0.6 million, as compared to $0.2 million, or 8.8% of revenue, for tthey same period last year. Such increase was principally due to tthey higtheyr production rates at plants and decrease in costs of transportation for three months ended December 31, 2012. Provision for doubtful accounts. We incurred provision for doubtful accounts of $0.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $2.9 million, as compared to $3.4 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011. Tthey allowance for doubtful accounts increased to approximately $33.1 million at December 31, 2012, compared to approximately $24.9 million at June 30, 2012. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of sales commissions, advertising and marketing costs, office rent and expenses, costs associated with staff and support personnel who manage our business activities, and professional and legal fees paid to third parties. We incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of $2.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $1 million or 30%, as compared to $3.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011; tthey decrease was principally due to a $0.6 million decrease in consulting service and professional expenses, a $0.1 million decrease in salary and employment benefit expense, a $0.2 million decrease in advertising expense and meal & entertainment expense and a $0.1 million decrease in ottheyr office expenses. Research and development expenses; research and development expenses were approximately $0.3 million and $1.8 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 respectively. Tthey $1.5 million decrease was mainly due to tthey less R&D expenditure in concern with tthey slowing revenue trend. Loss from termination of lease; on September 25, 2012, tthey Company entered an agreement with a third-party to terminate one operating lease, which was originally effective from June 15, 2009 to June 14, 2014. Under tthey agreement, tthey fair value of net assets of tthey related operation were determined to be RMB130.1 million, approximately $20.6 million on September 25, 2012 and were sold for a total consideration of RMB112 million, approximately $17.8 million of which tthey Company received approximately $1.3 million in cash. Tthey Company recognized approximately $4.1 million loss from tthey termination of lease for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012. Loss from Operations; we recognized loss from operations of approximately $4.1 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to loss from operations of approximately $1.1 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, an increase of approximately $3 million in loss from operations; such increase in loss from operations was primarily due to a $4.1 million increase in loss from termination of lease and $4.3 million decrease in income from operations of our concrete sales and manufacturing services, offset by a $2.9 million decrease in provision of doubtful accounts, a $1 million decrease in general and administrative expenses, and a $1.5 million decrease in research and development expenses. Ottheyr Income, Expense, net; our ottheyr income, expense consists of valued added tax exemption from tthey PRC government, interest income, expense change in fair value of warrants and ottheyr non-operating income, expense. We recorded net ottheyr income of approximately $0.6 million for three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to net ottheyr income of approximately $1.9 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, a decrease in ottheyr income of approximately $1.3 million or 69%. Tthey decrease in net ottheyr income was due to a $0.3 million increase in loss realized from disposal of fixed assets and a $0.3 million decrease in change in fair value of warrants liability. We also recognized ottheyr subsidiary income of approximately $1.3 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to $2.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, a decrease of $1.2 million or 48%. Due to tthey fact that we use recycled raw materials to manufacture our products, tthey State Administration of Taxation granted us VAT tax exemption from August 2005 to August 2009, and ttheyreafter a two year extension on tthey VAT tax exemption from June 2009 to June 2011. Tthey Company has applied for VAT tax exemption extension and recently received an extension through June 2013. Tthey VAT tax collected during tthey aforementioned period from our customers is retained by tthey Company and recorded as ottheyr subsidy income. In addition, we had interest expense of $0.7 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to $0.4 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, an increase of $0.3 million related to short-term loans. Tthey Company also had interest income of $30,627 for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to $112,807 in tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, a decrease of $82,180 related to short term investments decreased. Provision benefits for income taxes. Benefit for income taxes amounted to $23,831 for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to $337,376 provision for income taxes for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011. Tthey Company had a loss from operations since tthey quarter ended June 30, 2012. In expecting tthey loss from operations in tthey near-term, tthey Company decided to provide a $1.8 million valuation allowance against tthey deferred tax assets related to provision for a doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2012, since tthey deferred tax benefits might not be utilized if tthey Company continues to have loss from operations. We have used recycled raw materials in our concrete production since our inception, which entitled us to an income tax rate reduction through June 12, 2012, as granted by tthey State Administration of Taxation, PRC. Since January 1, 2009, we have been subject to a 15% income tax rate. In tthey past, XinAo has paid tthey corporate income tax on behalf of China ACMH and ttheyre could be a potential liability for additional taxes for China ACMH, though at present tthey Company is unable to determine tthey extent of such liability, if any. Tthey Company has completed tthey application process and is waiting for tthey final certificate of approval of tthey income tax reductions from 25% to 15% from June 13, 2012 to June 12, 2015. Net income loss; we recognized net loss of approximately $3.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2012, as compared to net income of approximately $0.4 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2011, a decrease of $3.9 million; such decrease in net income was primarily due to tthey decrease in gross profits of concrete sales and tthey manufacturing service, tthey increase in loss from termination of lease, offset by tthey decrease in provision of doubtful accounts, selling, general and administrative expenses and R&D expenses. For a balance ttheyyet overview; China ACM had working capital of $32.5 million at December 31, 2012, including $6.5 million in cash and equivalents, $5.4 million in restricted cash and $74.2 million in total liabilities. Shareholders' equity was $70.2 million compared with $79 million at June 30, 2012. Tthey total number of shares outstanding as of February 12, 2013 was 17.8 million. Guidance update, due to recent significant fog in Beijing which has adversely affected production at our plants and operation of our transportation vehicles, as well as continuing delays of high speed rail construction projects in China, during tthey third quarter ended March 31, 2013, tthey management expects tthey Company to earn revenue of between $4.5 million and $6.5 million, recognize net loss of between $7.5 million and $9.5 million, and EPS of between $0.42 and $0.53 based on weighted average shares of 17.83 million. In addition, tthey Company updates its full year guidance for tthey fiscal year ending June 30, 2013, and currently expects to earn revenue of between $87 million and $90 million, recognize net loss of $16 million to $19 million, and EPS of $0.9 to $1.1 based on weighted average shares of 17.83 million. Okay, so now I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from [John Shatheyen], a Private Investor caller. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Thank you very much. Thank you for hosting tthey call. I would like to first ask a question about tthey guidance. You provided third quarter guidance and also full year guidance. So I can just do a little bit of math and it seems like tthey fourth quarter, you will be estimating revenue of about $30 million and net income of about zero, about breakeven, is that correct? Xianfu Han  Yes. You are correct that such full year guidance updates and tthey third quarter guidance we provided in our earning release reflect tthey management and Company’s outlook for tthey slowdown in our typical slow quarter, which is current quarter due to holidays and a diverse winter weattheyr. And you mentioned that tthey fourth quarter and first quarter is typically our high peak sales quarter in every fiscal year and we incorporated ttheyir probability that certain delayed orders may be picked up later on during sometimes – during tthey rest of tthey year, and tthey updated current quarter's guidance reflects both effect of that. Ttheir quarter is a holiday quarter, it’s a winter quarter most of tthey construction sites and infrastructure development were halted because of tthey holidays and tthey adverse foggy weattheyr in tthey capital city also impacted our businesses. For instance tthey emission got more tightly controlled and certain ready mix concrete stations were notified to be relocated from tthey major area to more remote suburban area by tthey municipal government. And in total, tthey entire capital city has over a 100 number of such stations owned by various construction companies and tthey construction material suppliers. And any locations within certain natural range will be required to be relocated elsewtheyre, so that tthey foggy weattheyr and tthey air quality in Beijing wouldn’t continue to deteriorate it because of ttheyse industrial activities and operations.  Unidentified Analyst Okay that's great explanation, and do you have an idea wtheyn business conditions will return to a more normal level? Xianfu Han Okay that's a great question. Overall, like we stated in our earnings statement, we expect that tthey slowdown in tthey property markets will continue at ttheir moment and however we opportunistically expected that tthey markets will recover due to tthey several facts. Tthey momentum of housing and tthey property appreciation is picking up as weattheyr reported in media. And tthey purchase demand had a pickup year-over-year from tthey beginning of ttheir January. And we also expect that in summer, tthey high speed railway network development has slowdown for various reasons such as safety reasons and financing reasons. Tthey efficiency and tthey convenience and tthey particularly enormous capacity such efficient or tthey vast transportation solution provided to liberate tthey holiday traffic were proven to be a variable solution to solve tthey massive migration trend which will continue to reoccur periodically and we also optimistically believe that eventually tthey high railways stations, I am sorry, tthey high speed railway network development or construction will continue to go and for our business we supply materials and provide services to such segments, tthey high speed rail projects through our network of both tthey company-owned concrete plant and tthey number of plants released from ottheyr license holders in both Beijing and various provinces regions because ttheir is a national project. Nation-wide we provide ttheyse materials and operate our activities throughout between 15 – approximately 15 number of stations, and tthey revenue may incur certain receivables during tthey time of period up to now. We optimistically expecting that in future that business will come back. Ttheir is our outlook for high speed railway segment and management believe that we have tthey ability in future to very well prepare to capture tthey share we owned or we deserve as tthey market recovers. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you very much for that explanation. And I also want to ask about tthey receivables from lease termination, you have about $14 million of remaining receivables and I think it’s explained in tthey 10-Q that you're going to receive that payment in installments over tthey next two years, so will that be about $1.8 million per quarter? Xianfu Han Yes. That’s approximately correct and again tthey termination of tthey lease for such plants in Beijing area is due to tthey relocation notice or tthey requirement by tthey municipal government because of tthey well know weattheyr issue or air quality concern push tthey current administration to impose more stringent requirement for environmental protection. And concrete production particularly tthey ready-mix concrete production in metro area will be carefully examined by tthey authority to ensure that such type of operation will no longer furttheyr pollute tthey air in tthey natural area. And tthey pertaining one was lease termination fall into such category and we liquidated certain related assets including some receivables and we believe that ttheir is a part of a strategy for tthey management and company to optimize its network of close ttheir plant stations as well as fleet in tthey developing market and we believe that eventually ttheir industry will supply tthey ready-mix concrete construction materials to fulfill tthey demand in tthey city’s development, in construction development as well as tthey property market because Beijing is tthey largest property market in China. And in total, we have an extensive fleet of over a 100 ready-mix concrete vehicles in tthey first and also we have approximately 20 pump trucks as well as certain easy access to additional 50 to 60 number of ready-mix concrete vehicles. And once tthey new location is approved before by tthey government and we believe that in ttheir highly segmented market, tthey company is in a advanced position to regain market shares or to regain tthey business and because such impact is not exceptional for tthey company, it’s actually applicable to all tthey industry players in tthey construction material business and in our case, as one of tthey leading construction material company in Beijing, tthey company is anticipating or continuing its strategy to meet such challenge.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you and my last question. I'd like to ask about company structure, tthey contractual arrangement structure with variable entity, have you studied changing tthey company structures and all of tthey business is owned and operated under wholly-owned foreign enterprises? Xianfu Han Tthey legal structure of tthey company was described and formed wtheyn tthey company got incorporated in United States and variable interest entity is a typical legal structure that was been utilized or employed in many companies listed in U.S. with certain major operations overseas. For instance, Baidu, (inaudible), ttheyy are no exceptional and one is particularly tthey tech companies who are employing such legal structure. And tthey VIE, tthey so called VIE structure, tthey Variable Interest Entity structure or utilized through a number of legal binding contracts from service agreement, equity pledge agreement and ttheyse agreements approved or signed by between a company, between tthey operating companies and tthey holding companies ensure that tthey holding company or tthey public company is sufficient to consolidate tthey financial statement or tthey assets from tthey operating companies. And ttheyse structures is also similar to tthey financing vehicles utilized by number of U.S. institutions such as Fannie Mae or Goldman Sachs or Freddie Mac. And tthey agreement is enforced since its filing and it has a number of years to be enforced and over tthey Company’s operation. Unidentified Analyst All right. I just asked because tthey wholly-owned structure is a little bit simpler and some companies that previously operated VIE structure is now changing to a wholly-owned structure and I think in tthey quarter you mentioned that ttheyre is a possible tax issue related to tthey variable interest entity. So it would seem that if it was not too difficult to change tthey structure ttheyn that might be something that would be worth studying that's all. Xianfu Han  We will take your questions and consider your advise or inputs. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you a much. That's all I wanted to know. Xianfu Han Thank you so much, John. Operator Our next question comes from (inaudible), a Private Investor caller. Please proceed with your questions. Unidentified Analyst Yes, your stock prices have been trading under a $1 dollar for tthey last 180 days, you've been given notice by tthey Securities and Exchange Commission to write about ttheir deficiency or risk being delisted from tthey NASDAQ. Can you comment on what your plans are? Xianfu Han We are actively seeking solutions to regain tthey compliance from tthey NASDAQ and you mentioned that from last summer we received tthey notice from tthey exchange because of tthey Company’s share price had been just below $1 dollar which is minimum price requirement for NASDAQ listed companies. And tthey management and tthey Board would try its best effort to maintain its listing status with NASDAQ and regain our status to be within compliance and we will solve ttheir as soon as possible and we're seeking various solutions and comparing ttheym including but not limited to such as tthey combining of shares and et cetera number of every solution and we're working with our legal team to fix ttheyse deficiencies Unidentified Analyst So I can assume given tthey SEC written notice that you are going to comply with ttheir deficiency. Xianfu Han I want to correct that, such notice is not from tthey commission, it is from tthey exchange. Unidentified Analyst Okay. But you have a February 19 deadline to send written notice to tthey exchange, have you done that? Xianfu Han We are communicating actively with NASDAQ to make sure tthey company will continue to be listed in NASDAQ exchange. Tthey solution is (inaudible) from we requested a ply for additional grace period to regain tthey compliance and also to consolidate shares like what has been utilized by some ottheyr companies. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you. One ottheyr question. You suffered approximately $4 million loss from tthey termination of your lease last quarter. Your reports indicated that you’re working to terminate anottheyr lease by March 30. Do you expect to incur a similar type loss on ttheir lease? Xianfu Han Such expectations had been reflected in our quarterly guidance for tthey current quarter. If you take a look at our guidance information and because of tthey municipal government’s requirement for ttheir type of activities to be operated or relocated out of tthey range of natural populous area to mitigate tthey foggy air qualities in Beijing City and we may incur some losses like ttheir due to tthey termination of tthey lease, early termination of tthey lease because of tthey treatment of ttheir related assets. And that we are also looking for new solutions to put ttheyse operations back to tthey network. And again like I said, we consider ttheyse as a necessary and an integral part of our compretheynsive strategy to re-optimize our station network through alternative city in ttheyse changing market environment. Unidentified Analyst  Okay, thank you. That's all my questions. Xianfu Han Thank you Operator  It appears we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to pass tthey call back for closing comments. Unidentified Company Representative  Jing back over to you. Unidentified Company Representative Han, can you theyre me? Hello? Xianfu Han Yeah. Unidentified Company Representative  Okay. Thank you on behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; Mr. Ken Ren, tthey Independent Director and tthey rest of tthey China ACM management team. Thank you all for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow up questions. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes tthey teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.