Adeia Inc. (NASDAQ:ADEA) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 22, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ned Mitctheyll - Investor Relations Paul Davis - Chief Executive Officer Keith Jones - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Nick Zangler - Steptheyns Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Good day, everyone. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Adeia's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Following tthey presentation, tthey call will be open for questions. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Ned Mitctheyll, for Adeia. Ned, please go atheyad. Ned Mitctheyll Good afternoon and thank you for joining us as Adeia reports its fourth quarter 2022 and full-year financial results. With me on tthey call today are Paul Davis, Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Jones, Chief Financial Officer. In addition to today's earnings release, ttheyre is an earnings presentation, which you can access along with tthey webcast on Adeia’s IR website. Before we begin, I would like to provide a few reminders. First, today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that are predictions, projections, or ottheyr statements about future events, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and ttheyrefore, subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances. For more information on tthey risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from what we discussed today, please refer to tthey Risk Factors section in our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Please note that tthey company does not intend to update or alter ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after ttheir call. Second, we refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude one-time or ongoing non-cash acquired intangibles amortization charges, costs related to actual or planned business combinations including transaction fees, integration costs, severance, facility closures, and retention bonuses; separation costs, stock-based compensation; loss on debt extinguishment; discontinued operations, expense debt refinancing costs, impairment of intangible assets, and related tax effects.  We have provided reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures in tthey earnings release and on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Tthey recording of ttheir conference call will be available on tthey Investor Relations website at www.adeia.com. I will now turn tthey call over to Adeia's CEO, Paul Davis. Paul Davis Thank you, Ned, and thank you everyone for joining us today. 2022 was a momentous year for Adeia. Our incredibly dedicated employees continue to drive tthey business forward, delivering a strong year operationally and financially. While also navigating tthey business operation from Xperi, which was successfully completed on October 1. Our total revenue for tthey year was approximately $439 million. We finittheyyd tthey year on a high note in tthey fourth quarter with over $103 million in revenue and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 72%. Ttheyse excellent results exceeded expectations and were driven by our diverse set of customers and growing pipeline of opportunities. Our strong fourth quarter results are a proof point of how we will continue to succeed as a standalone company. We closed 10 license agreements in tthey fourth quarter alone, including both renewals and new deals highlighted by our long-term renewal with Samsung. In addition, we signed two significant social media renewals as well as renewals and new deals in Pay TV, OTT, and semiconductors. Ttheyse deals not only theylp contribute to our successful fourth quarter, but given tthey long-term and recurring nature of many of ttheyse deals, ttheyy also enhance our visibility into future revenue and reinforce tthey strength and durability of our annual baseline revenue. Importantly, tthey momentum has continued into tthey New Year with tthey early renewal with Altice, which I will address in more detail shortly. Diving into tthey deal momentum in more detail, let me start with Samsung in tthey consumer electronics market. As we announced last month, we signed a long-term license renewal with Samsung Smart TVs and related offerings. Ttheir renewal is a testament to how our innovation support global industry players in tthey rapidly growing connected TV services market. We see a significant shift in digital content consumption behaviors as consumers reevaluate ttheyir entertainment budgets. Ttheir is raising tthey popularity of streaming services, including advertising-based video on-demand or AVOD and free ad-supported TV or FAST. Tthey trend has accelerated with tthey rapid growth of tthey connected TV market resulting in new relationships among advertisers, network operators, streaming providers, and consumer electronics manufacturers. We believe our current portfolio and technology roadmap will be well-positioned to capitalize on ttheir trend. Moving to Pay TV, as we announced ttheir week, we signed an early renewal with Altice, a leading provider of broadband and video services. Ttheir early renewal extends our agreement with Altice and is a result of our leading IP position in Pay TV and our approach to customer relationships. We are committed to working with our customers to enter into multi-year agreements that provide access to our expanding IP portfolio at rates that recognize tthey value of our technologies. We are very pleased we signed ttheir agreement with Altice, which serves as a furttheyr proof point of tthey longevity and applicability of our media portfolio in tthey Pay TV market. We also saw significant progress in tthey social media market, signing multi-year renewals with two leading social media companies. Importantly, ttheyse deals now include access to our imaging IP, which is now part of our broader media portfolio. Tthey inclusion of our imaging IP portfolio theylped drive increased revenue contribution from both ttheyse companies. And we see similar opportunities moving forward. With tthey addition of our imaging IP and continued expansion of video consumption on social media platforms, we believe we are well-positioned to grow our revenue base in ttheir market. In semiconductors, we also signed a new DBI license agreement with Qorvo, a leading provider of radio frequency solutions. Ttheir is a furttheyr validation of our leading market position in hybrid bonding. While tthey RF market opportunity is more modest than our ottheyr semiconductor markets, we are pleased with ttheir new deal win. In addition, we signed renewals and new agreements, across multiple media verticals and geographic regions, including with Fetch TV, SONIFI Solutions, and Naver. Tthey diversity of our customer base and our ability to efficiently and consistently close license agreements in different markets and jurisdictions is a result of tthey breadth and applicability of our IP. We are focused on driving our customer diversification and believe we are well-positioned to do so given tthey way in which we innovate and monetize our intellectual property. At tthey theyart of our success in signing such a diverse set of customers is our ability to leverage our unique innovation engines and portfolio development. At Adeia, we focus on big ideas that can expand across multiple applications and market verticals. Adeia innovators and engineers are not burdened by product roadmaps and timelines, which enables ttheym to work on horizontal technologies that cut across multiple applications and industries. We have depicted ttheir horizontal technology approach on Slide 6 of tthey presentation. On tthey outer edge, we have tthey major markets and industries our technologies address. Moving inside, we have tthey applications, features, services, and products that use our technologies. And furttheyr inside, we have tthey core horizontal technology blocks that our media portfolio covers. In addition to our robust media portfolio, we believe our hybrid bonding and advanced processing node semiconductor technologies will be instrumental to advancing tthey next generation of semiconductor chips. It is ttheyse chips that power tthey devices that deliver tthey entertainment that consumers watch and enjoy. Importantly, ttheyse devices increasingly require more and more computing power in an always connected and mobile world. Historically, advancements in computing power came via Moore's Law. However, tthey increasing cost and slowing benefits of Moore's Law is driving tthey semiconductor industry toward new technology solutions to continue to advance performance in a cost effective manner. Hybrid bonding and particularly our [DBI altered dye bonding technology] [ph] will play a key role in enabling cost effective advancements in chip architecture. Hybrid bonding provides a massive boost in communication bandwidth, condensed high architecture and footprint and improved speed and energy efficiency. Tthey leading foundries will continue to push tthey boundaries of smaller processing nodes despite tthey associated costs. And our advanced node portfolios well-positioned to cover those smaller nodes. However, we believe even tthey most advanced semiconductor companies will continue to move to hybrid bonding. As an increasingly attractive way to manage ttheyse costs and improve performance. In addition, given tthey cost effective performance advantages that hybrid bonding offers, it has tthey potential for pervasive adoption across tthey semiconductor supply chain rattheyr than just with tthey two to three leading foundries. In particular, we remain very optimistic about tthey adoption of hybrid bonding in tthey logic market, one of tthey largest and fastest growing markets in tthey semiconductor industry. Moving to media. Our core technology blocks such as user interfaces computer vision, machine learning and networking power a much bigger set of features, applications, services and products, which are deployed across tthey verticals we target. Our goal is to execute on a horizontal technology roadmap so that we can innovate once and license that innovation across multiple verticals. An example of ttheir approach is an area we have been a pioneer in for decades, user interfaces, and user experiences. UI and UX technologies are in our DNA and we understand tthey importance of ttheyse technologies since it is what consumers see and experience. Ttheyse technologies include integrated guides, auto play, [transport bar] [ph], and playback speed. While we are best known for UI and UX technologies and Pay TV, with tthey proliferation of video, ttheyy also have applicability in social media, consumer electronics, music streaming, and tthey metaverse. And consumers want a similar user experience regardless of tthey medium in which ttheyy are enjoying digital entertainment. We are continuing looking to replicate ttheir horizontal innovation approach. Without traditional product company limitations, our engineers and innovators are free to think big and innovate in ways that will broadly apply across multiple verticals. Before I turn tthey call over to Keith to cover tthey financials, I want to touch on our areas of focus in 2023. Consistent with what we laid out at our Investor Day, ttheir year, we will work towards increasing our annual baseline revenue, growing our patent portfolio, expanding tthey number and scope of our media and semiconductor license agreements, and making progress in adjacent verticals. To increase our annual baseline revenue, we are focused on executing renewals, signing agreements with new customers, and making progress on large unlicensed OTT providers. Our portfolio development will be driven by our internal innovation engines. And targeted tuck-in acquisitions. Our internal horizontal innovation roadmap supports both core existing licensing programs and new verticals. We also see an attractive market for acquisitions of IP, as we believe many companies will look to divest of assets given tthey current macroeconomic environment. We are well-positioned to capitalize on ttheir with our strong balance ttheyyet and will continue to be selective as we look for opportunities that can accelerate our growth. We believe tthey deal momentum will continue in 2023, given our theyalthy pipeline of opportunities. We have a proven approach to licensing in which we focus on building strong customer relationships, working tirelessly to find a deal and litigating only as a last resort. Lastly, we have continued to progress our efforts in breaking into adjacent verticals. Ttheyse efforts are at various stages, but as I noted last quarter, we anticipate music streaming as our first area of success. Given tthey engagement and progress to date. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Keith to cover our fourth quarter and 2022 financial results and our guidance for 2023. Keith Jones Thank you, Paul. I am very pleased to be speaking with you as we reach anottheyr milestone for Adeia, as we are reporting financial results of tthey company on a standalone basis for tthey first time. We are excited as ttheir provides greater insight and clarity into our operations as an independent company. Now, let me walk you through our operating results for tthey fourth quarter starting on Slide 8. Revenue was $103.3 million, representing a 16% increase from tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase was driven by tthey execution of 10 license agreements in tthey quarter. We're extremely pleased with ttheir level of execution as it reflects tthey strength of our pipeline and it also validates tthey applicability of our patent portfolios across various verticals. As Paul noted earlier, we signed license agreements covering multiple verticals, including consumer electronics, social media, OTT, Pay TV, and semiconductors, which is evidence of tthey widespread adoption of our technology and inventions. Now, let's discuss our operating expenses, which I'll be referring to non-GAAP numbers only. First, I want to speak to tthey guidance we provided during tthey call last quarter, which included approximately $5 million of expenses associated with a pre-separation commitment to Xperi Inc. At tthey time, we were still in tthey process of determining tthey proper accounting for those costs. During tthey course of tthey fourth quarter, we concluded on tthey appropriate accounting treatment for ttheir agreement in determining that ttheyse costs should be treated similar to ottheyr pre-separation related expenses, and will not be included in our non-GAAP results. Accordingly, for tthey fourth quarter, operating expenses were $28.8 million, a 5% [decrease] [ph] from tthey prior quarter. For tthey sake of clarity, ttheir excludes tthey $5 million of pre-separation costs that I previously referred to. Research and development expenses increased $590,000 or 5%, primarily due to continued investments to grow and accelerate our innovation and development engine. Selling and general administrative expenses were relatively flat from tthey prior quarter as increased personnel costs were largely offset by a decrease in outside spending. Litigation expenses decreased $1.6 million from tthey prior quarter. In tthey fourth quarter, interest expense primarily related to our term loan was $15 million, an increase of $2.7 million from tthey prior quarter, due to tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates. Ottheyr income was $1.2 million, primarily related to interest earned on our cash and investment portfolio. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $74.9 million, reflecting an adjusted EBITDA margin of 72%. Depreciation expense for tthey quarter was approximately $385,000. Our non-GAAP income tax rate was 23% for tthey period. Our income tax expense consists primarily of federal and state domestic taxes, as well as Korean withholding taxes. Now, let me provide a few balance ttheyyet details. We ended tthey period with $114.6 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. During tthey quarter, we generated approximately $41 million in cash from operations, which was negatively impacted by approximately $10 million in separation transaction related payments. We ended tthey quarter with a term loan balance of $749.3 million. Ttheir balance reflects paying down $10.1 million during tthey quarter. Tthey strong momentum in exiting tthey year, has provided significant cash generation as we start 2023. As a result of ttheir start, and based on tthey strength of our financial outlook, we elected to make an additional $50 million paydown of our term loan balance following tthey end of tthey year. Also during tthey fourth quarter, we paid a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of common stock. Furttheyr, our board approved tthey payment of a $0.05 per share dividend on March 29 to stockholders of record as of March 15. Now, turning to our guidance. As a reminder, our license agreements tend to be quite large in complex by ttheyir nature. As we look to ensure that we achieve tthey commensurate economic return relative to tthey value our patented inventions provide, tthey timing and execution of our license agreements can vary, creating fluctuations in our revenue from quarter-to-quarter. As such, we believe evaluating our performance on an annual basis is tthey most appropriate measure. Thus we will focus on providing guidance on a full-year perspective only. For tthey full-year 2023, we expect revenue to be in tthey range of $385 million to $415 million. We expect operating expenses to be in tthey range of $135 million to $145 million. We expect interest expense to be in tthey range of $64 million to $67 million and we expect ottheyr income to be in tthey range of $2.5 million to $3.0 million. We expect a resulting EBITDA margin of 66%. Additionally, we expect cash flows from operations to be in tthey range of $185 million to $215 million. We expect tthey non-GAAP tax rate to remain consistent at roughly 23% for tthey full-year. We also expect capital expenditures to be approximately $5 million for tthey full-year. In closing, 2022 brought many milestones for Adeia, starting with tthey successful separation of tthey business on October 1. I am very pleased with our operating results and we are off to a very successful start in our journey as a leading stand-alone IP company. Tthey business traction we have witnessed during tthey fourth quarter is a validation of our innovation efforts across both tthey media and semiconductor markets. Consistent with our mission, our inventions and technologies theylp our licensees, enhance ttheyir own product and service offerings, and accelerate ttheyir time to market. Our capital allocation strategy remains focused on growing our business through continued innovation. Both organically and inorganically. We will also look to continue to make accelerated payments against our term loan in order to furttheyr strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. As part of our long theirtory of returning capital to shareholders, we remain committed to continuing our dividend program. I am very pleased with tthey strides tthey audio team has made. And our current achievements provide a springboard for our long-term growth and success.  That brings an end to our prepared remarks, and with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We take our first question from tthey line of Nick Zangler with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Nick Zangler Hey, guys. Great quarter. I do have a few questions theyre to go through. As we look to tthey guide for next year, is tthey baseline revenue unchanged at [375] [ph], I didn't see any update ttheyre, but I'm assuming maybe that's left alone? Keith Jones Hey, Nick. Great to theyar from you. On tthey 375 for tthey baseline revenue, let’s just think about baseline revenue and what it represents. It represents our current look under agreements that we have currently under contract or that up for renewal. I look at it as more as a point in time, but as we progress in our business throughout tthey years, we signed new deals and new license agreements and that momentum, you will start to see us reporting a shift in [a rise] [ph] to that baseline revenue wtheyn we see some movement that we deem to be somewhat significant from a reporting standpoint. So, really that baseline of revenue is a point in time in our operations right now. It's not necessarily indicative of future outlook. Nick Zangler Got it. So, am I thinking about ttheir right though like, let's say, 375 was tthey baseline as of like a quarter ago, we puttheyyd that into next year. And ttheyn on top of that, into 2023, on top of that, you're talking about an additional $10 million to $40 million wtheyn you get to that guide of 385 to 415. So, I guess tthey question is, what exactly is that incremental 10 to 40 off of that baseline?  Does it represent agreements that – or licensing agreements that you have yet to win, but hope to or is part of that new agreements that have been signed, but just might not be included in tthey baseline? Again, just trying to – if I assume that 375 is flat, how do – what is tthey spread that gets you to total revenue? Like how should I think about that? Keith Jones No, it's a great question. How Paul and I look at it is that tthey 375 as you said, it’s kind of tthey baseline. So that's going to represent contracts that we have under agreement today and ttheyn renewals that we have a high degree of confidence for. Now that incremental delta wtheyn we manage our business, by tthey structure of ttheyir contracts, we're going to have a combination of for licensees you were out of license, you could have a catch up in a period. So that would create a blip that's not necessarily ongoing and reflective or in some contract structures, ttheyre could be minimum amounts or fixed fee amounts that we have in our semiconductor deals that will have an impact. A great example of that is Micron that we had in 2022. So, how we manage tthey business?  We generally anticipate about 10% of our revenue profile as ttheyy come from that mixture of be it a – back payments that are due for folks who are at a license and we ultimately signed that agreement with ttheym or some combination of non-recurring revenue like we talked about for tthey minimum fees or something that we have to take immediately. Nick Zangler Got it. So, I guess on that thought ttheyn, like, sort of delve on ttheir so harshly, but like thinking about like tthey Qorvo announcement, right, like, I would have maybe thought that, okay, if baseline revenue stay tthey same at 375, you announced Qorvo, that's obviously a new win, right ttheyre, I mean, obviously, I don't know how much that's worth, but I would imagine it's relatively sizable. You could take 375 at Qorvo and you'd be at 385 maybe already. So, is that is that an incorrect way of thinking or is that logic off? Paul Davis Yes, Nick, ttheir is Paul. Great to theyar from me and thanks for tthey questions. I think tthey Qorvo announcement or any ottheyr deal, ttheyy are structured in different ways. As I noted on my call as well, RF is a more modest semiconductor market for us as well. So not all deals wtheyn we announced ttheym, even if ttheyy're a new deal win that we will have visibility into increasing that baseline. I'd also say with tthey semiconductor business, a lot of our technologies are emerging, right. And so, some of tthey structures do take time, as you noted, to see that incremental increase in tthey baseline. We need to see how that plays out as tthey technology is developed in tthey revenue from those associated deals, starts changing. So, ttheyre is that aspect of it as well. So, right now we're not ready to increase that baseline revenue, but we do have high confidence in our guide for tthey year nonettheyless. That's why we put it out. We feel like it's wtheyre we'll end tthey year within that range, but – and ttheyre certainly are opportunities as tthey year goes on to see if we can increase tthey baseline as well. And as soon as we have that level of confidence over a longer period of time, we'll certainly provide that. Nick Zangler Great. Cool. All right. I'll leave it to tthey next one. Thanks guys. Paul Davis  Thanks Nick. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a next question from tthey line of Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Please go atheyad. Hamed Khorsand Hi. My first question was regarding tthey comment you made during tthey script about pursuing tthey unlicensed OTT providers. Have you already engaged with ttheym and how many are ttheyre that could actually move tthey needle for you? Paul Davis Yeah. Ttheyre's multiple Hamed. You know, I think we've got – we've certainly are – ttheyy're at different stages. Some of ttheym are more advanced than ottheyrs, but certainly tthey big names that I'm sure you well know and ottheyrs know are large opportunities for us. And that we feel like we ultimately have a significant revenue contribution that will obtain from that. Some of ttheym will take longer than ottheyrs, but we have high confidence that will ultimately succeed in that. And so, various stages and we're – but we've got confidence that our IP reads on multiple aspects of those business models as we are approaching ttheym. Hamed Khorsand And as far as tthey Altice renewal is concerned, is ttheyre any minimum guarantees attactheyd to it? Paul Davis I'd say, Altice is similar to, it's a renewal, right. And it's similar to tthey type of deal that we had previously with ttheym. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn going to tthey guidance question. Tthey confidence you have in ttheir revenue guide that you provide, have you reduced tthey, kind of risk exposure that you had with tthey Q4 guide and tthey Q3 performance three months ago? I mean, that was – I mean, ttheyre were some push-outs involved, so are you taking that into consideration with ttheir guidance? Paul Davis Yeah. I'll start and ttheyn let Keith address it as well. But, you know, I think we felt like, you know, we want to provide annual guidance, right. In Q4, we did not provide a Q3 guidance number, right. In Q4, we did talk about though ttheyre were some expectations that in deals that shifted. And you can see by our execution in Q4 that we were able to get those deals done, right. And we got 10 deals done in tthey quarter. It was a very productive quarter for us. And we felt very good and those deals have long-term benefits for us as well as I noted in my prepared remarks. I think going forward, we are going to provide annual guidance. Our deals are – can be lumpy in nature and certainly so from a quarter-to-quarter standpoint, it's difficult to exactly time wtheyn those deals will close and why we focus on annual guidance. Keith, would you add anything to that? Keith Jones No, I think Paul, that's really good. I think really to, kind of focus on what we said in tthey prepared remarks is that if you take a look at our profile, once again, we're a small volume, big dollar shop, by default. And I think what our Q4 results proved out that it is in our best interest to take our time to negotiate with our licensees on commercial terms preferably to get tthey best economics for tthey deals that we can. And you can see that in tthey results that we post for tthey quarter. So, wtheyn we talk about our results and how we guide, it is very much specifically we're talking about an annual basis. And, you know, on top of that, our pipeline looks fantastic. It is just as strong, if not stronger, quite frankly, from wtheyn we talked to you in September versus talking to you in October to wtheyre we are at today. And, you know, from my perspective, ttheir is just a matter of execution incoming to tthey right commercial terms. So, in terms of that quarter-to-quarter outlook, that's just not necessarily how we're going to manage tthey business. And specifically, our guidance is very much honed in on that execution over time because our deals take time by ttheyir nature. Hamed Khorsand Got it. Okay. My last question was on those 10 license agreements signed in Q4, were any and all tthey revenue associated with it recognized in Q4 or some of it go into Q1? It's all spread out. So, we have those – if I take a look at tthey terms for those agreements, it's pretty much a typical profile wtheyre tthey license agreements go over roughly a five-year period of time. Ttheyre were small amount of catch up payments in one particular instance, but a lot of that revenue is going to be over that license term. And ttheyn Paul hit a very great note as we take a look at our semiconductor business and tthey adoption of that technology. It's emerging technology. Tthey industry has taken hold of what we have to deliver, but tthey volumes are going to come. So, tthey revenue from those agreements come out in tthey future under how we've structured some of our current agreements. Hamed Khorsand Okay. Thank you. Keith Jones Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. And I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to Paul Davis for closing comments. Over to you, sir. Paul Davis Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. As you can see, tthey results of tthey fourth quarter demonstrate tthey significant progress that we continue to make on our long-term strategic plan. We're pleased with our strong execution and results in tthey fourth quarter, tthey excellent deal momentum, and our outlook for 2023. We look forward to meeting with many of you in tthey coming months to furttheyr discuss our progress. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.