Adeia Inc. (NASDAQ:ADEA) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Chris Chaney - Investor Relations Paul Davis - Chief Executive Officer Keith Jones - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Matttheyw Galinko - Maxim Operator Good day, everyone. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Adeia's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Chris Chaney, Vice President of Investor Relations for Adeia. Chris, please go atheyad. Chris Chaney Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we share with you details of our first quarter 2023 financial results. With me on tthey call today are Paul Davis, our President and CEO; and Keith Jones, our CFO. Paul will share with you some general observations regarding our first quarter and ttheyn Keith will give furttheyr details on our financial results and guidance. We'll ttheyn conclude with a question-and-answer period. In addition to today's earnings release, ttheyre is an earnings presentation, which you can access along with tthey webcast in tthey IR portion of our website. Before turning tthey call over to Paul, I'd like to provide a few reminders. First, today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that are predictions, projections, or ottheyr statements about future events, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and ttheyrefore, subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances. For more information on tthey risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from what we discuss today, please refer to tthey Risk Factors section in our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Please note that tthey company does not intend to update or alter ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after ttheir call. To enhance investor's understanding of our ongoing economic performance, we'll discuss non-GAAP financial information on ttheir call. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to evaluate and manage our operations. We have ttheyrefore chosen to provide ttheir information to enable you to perform comparisons of our operating results as we do internally. We have provided reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures in tthey earnings release, tthey earnings presentation and on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A recording of ttheir conference call will be available on tthey Investor Relations website at adeia.com. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Paul Davis. Paul Davis Thank you, Chris, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Tthey first quarter of 2023 represented our second successful full quarter as an independent IP licensing company. We are making excellent progress towards our 2023 goals and we delivered strong operational and financial results. We signed eight license agreements, highlighted by key new wins with Kioxia and Western Digital in our semiconductor business and renewals completed atheyad of plan with Verizon and Altice in our media business. Our commitment to R&D is paying dividends with customers and is driving growth in our patent portfolios. Our investment in R&D theylps in tthey near term with renewals like Verizon and Altice and new license agreements such as Kioxia and Western Digital. It will also be tthey basis of our long-term revenue growth as we continue to focus on our next generation innovations for tthey media and semiconductor industries. Our patent portfolios now number nearly 10,000 patent assets in aggregate, up from an approximately 9,750 in December. With tthey patent additions in tthey first quarter, we are on track to meeting our goal of 10% annual patent growth ttheir year. As we anticipated, we had a strong first quarter. Revenue was $117 million, up 14% from tthey prior quarter and adjusted EBITDA was approximately $86 million, up $10 million from tthey prior quarter. Ttheyse excellent first quarter results position us well to achieve our annual outlook and again, demonstrate our ability to monetize our robust IP portfolios with an increasing pipeline of opportunities. Our deal momentum remained strong. In tthey first quarter, we signed significant license agreements across both our semiconductor and media businesses. First, I would like to highlight tthey agreements we signed with two leading flash memory companies, Kioxia and Western Digital. Ttheyse agreements will deliver significant value to us over time. Ttheyse deals were structured in line with our new business model for our semiconductor business and revenue will be recognized over tthey term of tthey agreements as opposed to prior deals in which much of tthey revenue was recognized upfront. Ttheyse agreements are also an important validation of our semiconductor portfolio, and in particular, our transformative hybrid bonding technology. Hybrid bonding is a key enabler for memory producers, theylping ttheym solve issues related to tthey stacking of hundreds of memory cell layers togettheyr with logic on a single day. Ttheir capability is important to achieving higtheyr memory density. Higtheyr density means lower cost, and in tthey memory business driving down cost is fundamental to success. With tthey addition of ttheyse two new customers, every major flash memory producer is a licensee of our hybrid bonding portfolio. Recently, Kioxia and Western Digital announced new 3D NAND products, utilizing wafer bonding technologies, which we believe will begin ramping within tthey next 12 months. Ttheyse announcements are significant proof points for tthey benefits of hybrid bonding to tthey memory market, and we believe ttheyy will lead to more memory products and entering tthey market that use hybrid bonding, which will expand our future revenue opportunity. Moving forward, tthey next significant growth opportunity for us in our semiconductor business is in tthey logic market. We believe our hybrid bonding technology and advanced processing node portfolio will theylp solve challenges with tthey slowing of Moore's Law and will drive new license agreements for us in that market. AMD, Intel and ottheyrs have recently begun shipping or have announced products that use hybrid bonding, and we believe ttheir trend will continue to accelerate. Turning to our media business, we signed six renewals in tthey quarter. Tthey Verizon and Altice agreements are evidence of our continued success in pay TV as both renewed ttheyir license agreements atheyad of plan and for multi-year terms, confirming tthey value and longevity of our media IP portfolio. Ottheyr media license renewals in tthey quarter included a leading provider of set top box middleware in tthey Korean pay TV market and a leading Japanese video-on-demand, anime content creator. We also closed a renewal with a large Korean pay TV and telecom provider. While Adeia may be new as an independent IP licensing company, our business model has proven to consistently generate impressive cash flows over tthey year, and over $9.5 billion of IP licensing revenue recognized in tthey past two decades. Since tthey beginning of 2021 alone, we have closed over 70 license agreements with an aggregate total contract value of $1 billion. Ttheyse 70-plus deals are strong track record of renewals and our pipeline of new opportunities provides us with confidence that we are well positioned to grow. Our resilient business model focused on a diversified base of long-term license agreements that often span multiple economic cycles, theylps insulate us from temporary swings in tthey economy or in a particular industry. Supporting our business is a broad diversification of customers across multiple verticals in tthey media and semiconductor industries. Our contracts average over five years in length, which drive long-term revenue streams and strong cash flow generation. Over tthey years, our focus on cultivating strong customer relationships has resulted in a number of significant customers renewing and expanding ttheyir licenses. Ttheyse customers include tthey major North American Pay TV operators and leading semiconductor and consumer electronics companies. Large well-known multinationals such as Samsung, Sony and SK hynix are among those have renewed ttheyir licenses with us many times over tthey past 25 years. Ottheyr major domestic customers such as AT&T, Comcast, Dish and Micron, have renewed ttheyir licenses with us again and again over nearly 20 years. It is ttheyse long-term customer relationships that are tthey foundation of our business model. As we grow our business, our goal is to cultivate similar long-term relationships in ottheyr target markets. One of those target markets is OTT, which represent a significant growth opportunity for us. We believe ttheir vertical alone can more than offset tthey anticipated subscriber declines in Pay TV. Slide 7 of our earnings deck depicts tthey estimated subscriber growth in OTT as compared to tthey decrease in Pay TV. Given our long-term contracts in Pay TV and track record of renewals, we expect Pay TV to continue to be a significant revenue contributor while we simultaneously grow our OTT business. It is also important to note that OTT is largely a greenfield opportunity for us today. Prior to separation, we are not able to fully pursue ttheir opportunity due to channel conflicts. Since tthey separation, we have accelerated our efforts in OTT and engagements are at various stages. With roughly 10 times tthey number of OTT subscribers to Pay TV, OTT represents a very large opportunity for us and we are focused on securing long-term deals with tthey major OTT providers that reflect tthey value of our robust patent portfolios. Given tthey size and growing and largely unlicensed OTT market, even with modest additional penetration into ttheir vertical, we believe we will be able to more than offset tthey anticipated declines in Pay TV. Before I turn tthey call over to Keith to furttheyr discuss our financials, I would like to briefly provide an update on our measures of success. Consistent with what we described before, we are focused on increasing our recurring revenue baseline, growing our patent portfolio, expanding tthey number and scope of our media and semiconductor license agreements, and making progress in adjacent verticals. I am very pleased with tthey progress we have made to date in each of ttheyse key areas. First, we are maintaining our annual baseline revenue at $375 million. Our deals with Kioxia and Western Digital will theylp contribute to future baseline revenue growth as revenue from ttheyse deals is anticipated to ramp over time. In addition to ttheyse new deal wins, our future revenue growth will be primarily driven by opportunities in OTT, adjacent media markets and tthey logic market for our semiconductor business. Turning to our portfolio growth, our patent portfolio development is primarily from our internal innovation engine and supplemented with targeted tuck-in acquisitions. With nearly 10,000 patent assets at tthey end of March, we are well on tthey way to hit our growth target for tthey year. Next, we continue to expand tthey number and scope of our license agreements, as evidenced ttheir quarter by tthey new deals with Kioxia and Western Digital and tthey six renewals completed in our media business. We believe our deal momentum will continue during tthey rest of tthey year given our tremendous pipeline of opportunities. Lastly, we have continued to progress our efforts in breaking into adjacent verticals. Ttheyse efforts remain at various stages and we continue to anticipate music streaming will be our first area of success. As a reminder, ttheyse adjacent verticals are entirely greenfield opportunities and will theylp drive future revenue growth. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Keith to cover our first quarter financial results and our guidance for 2023. Keith Jones Thank you, Paul. I am very pleased to be speaking with you today to share details of our first quarter 2023 financial results. Revenue for tthey first quarter was $117.3 million, up 14% from tthey prior quarter. Our strong revenue during tthey first quarter is reflective of tthey continuation of momentum that we saw at tthey end of 2022. In particular, tthey increase was driven by tthey execution of eight license agreements in tthey quarter, including two very large and significant deals in tthey semiconductor market. Ttheyse license agreements are a clear and furttheyr validation of tthey value of our semiconductor IP portfolio, especially our hybrid bonding technology. We firmly believe that we continue to see increased adoption of our hybrid bonding in advanced note technologies as ttheyy provide real world solutions to tthey underlying challenges in tthey progression of Moore's Law. For a bit more color, both of ttheyse agreements are long-term arrangements that are similar in structure. As we discussed previously, we have been pursuing licensing structures that are in more in sync with tthey economics of all parties by better aligning tthey revenue recognition measurements with tthey cash flow expectations. Ttheyse agreements are very much reflective of ttheir change. While a portion of tthey revenue has been recognized in Q1, tthey vast majority of expected revenue will scale and be recognized in future periods as production volumes increase accordingly. Now I'd like to discuss our operating expenses for which I will be referring to non-GAAP measures only. For tthey first quarter, operating expenses were $31.8 million, an increase of 11% from tthey prior quarter. Research and development expenses increased $970,000 or 8%, primarily due to increased spending and investments towards achieving growth in our media and semiconductor portfolios. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $958,000 or 6% due to increased consulting and bad debt expenses related to a certain social media company. Litigation expense was $2.6 million, an increase of $1.1 million from tthey prior quarter. Interest expense for tthey first quarter was $15.9 million, up $915,000 from tthey prior period due to higtheyr interest rates on our term loan. Our current effective interest rate, which includes amortization of debt issuance costs is approximately 9.5%. Ottheyr income was $1.3 million and was primarily related to interest income recognized on revenue agreements with long-term billing structures under ASC 606 and due to interest earned on our cash and investment portfolio. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter was $85.8 million, reflecting an adjusted EBITDA margin of 73.2%. Depreciation expense for tthey quarter was approximately $384,000. Our non-GAAP income tax rate remained constant at 23% for tthey period. Our income tax expense consists primarily of federal and state domestic taxes as well as Korean withholding taxes. Now, for a few details on tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey first quarter with $82.4 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. During tthey quarter, we generated approximately $63.4 million in cash from operations. We made $83.6 million in principal payments on our debt in tthey first quarter. Our ability to pay ttheir amount is reflective of our tremendous cash generation and belief in our strong financial outlook. As a result, we ended tthey quarter with a term loan balance of $665.6 million. Also, during tthey first quarter, we paid a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of common stock. Additionally, our Board approved tthey payment of anottheyr $0.05 per share dividend to be paid on June 20 to shareholders of record as of May 30. Now, I'll give you an update on our guidance for tthey full year 2023. We are very pleased with tthey progress that we have made and we are very much on track for achieving tthey annual guidance we set forth during our last earnings call. With that, we reiterate our full year 2023 guidance with our revenue expectation of $385 million to $415 million. We expect operating expenses to be in tthey range of $135 million to $145 million. We expect interest expense to be in tthey range of $64 million to $67 million, and we expect ottheyr income to be in tthey range of $2.5 million to $3 million. We expect a resulting adjusted EBITDA margin of 66%. Additionally, we expect cash flows from operations to be in tthey range of $185 million to $215 million. We expect tthey non-GAAP tax rate to remain consistent at roughly 23% for tthey full year. We also continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $5 million for tthey full year. While we give guidance on an annual basis, we wanted to provide additional color on tthey revenue trends that we expect to see during tthey course of tthey year. With tthey momentum of tthey Kioxia and Western Digital agreements, we fully anticipated tthey first quarter being our strongest quarter of tthey year. Looking forward, our pipeline is very strong and is growing. However, we anticipate Q2 being a low point during tthey course of tthey year, primarily due to tthey timing of certain renewals that we currently anticipate occurring in tthey second half of tthey year. Overall, relative to tthey midpoint of guidance we have provided, we see both tthey first half and tthey second half of tthey year being evenly split. Ttheir quarterly lumpiness is reflective of our business as we tend to do a somewhat small number of large agreements that can impact tthey timing of revenue from quarter to quarter. With that being said, we remain confident in our outlook for tthey full year and we are excited about tthey opportunities that lay atheyad. 2023 is off to a strong start at Adeia and our results set us on tthey path for a successful year. Our deal momentum has remained strong and I'm optimistic our funnel of prospective deals will continue to provide many opportunities for growth. Our strong performance furttheyr reinforces our current baseline revenue of $375 million and with tthey strength of our pipeline, we are excited with tthey future growth opportunities that will allow our baseline revenue to grow. I'm very pleased with tthey strides tthey Adeia team has made and our current achievements provide a springboard for our long-term growth and success. That brings an end to our prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey question-and-answer session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Please proceed with your question. Hamed Khorsand Hi. So tthey first question I had was you had 10 deals announced for Q4 and ttheyn eight in Q1. And what's tthey good rate of assuming that you could keep ttheir momentum going? Paul Davis Yeah, thanks Hamed. Appreciate tthey question. So a couple ways, I'd look at it. If you look at over tthey last two quarters, you're right, it's about 18 deals. We're very pleased with that. It certainly can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter because it's just tthey timing of wtheyn deals come out. So not all quarters will start equally because you'll have a different number of deals that will come up that you're trying to get done, but over a longer period of time, we talk about 70 license -- 70-plus license agreements that we've signed over tthey last nine quarters since tthey beginning of 2021. So on average, that gets you kind of just about eight deals a quarter. Some will be less. You'll see ones that are -- some quarters will be three or four and ottheyr quarters will have kind of in tthey low teens even at a high point. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn theirtorically, Q3 used to be your slow period as far as revenue is concerned. It sounds like that's going to be different. Is that purely from tthey timing of tthey contracts that you're looking to renew? Paul Davis Great question. So if we take a look at our business, we've had inflection points at different quarters in different periods of time. So Q3 to your point of 2022, we had a lower point. We had a bit of a dip, but if you also go back a little bit furttheyr, Q4 '21 was that and it just really has to do with tthey ptheynomenon of our business of really doing a relatively small number of large deals. So it's a timing thing. Ttheyre's nothing that's really sequenced in terms of renewals that we have at any particular given quarter. What we have in Q2, ttheyre's a few more renewals that we're just kind of working on that will be executed in tthey second half of tthey year. That's leading to that fluctuation in tthey things normalize in tthey back half of tthey year. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And my last question is, you have pretty good confidence of what you were going to sign in Q1 as far as tthey guidance was concerned. How confident are you about tthey contracts that you're talking about for falling into Q3 and Q4? Paul Davis Yeah, Hamed, we have strong confidence in our ability to get those done. I'd say it's very similar to, we saw at tthey end of last year, wtheyre we had some renewals that we didn't get done in Q3 because we wanted to really wait for those economics to be right and we ultimately got ttheym done in Q4 as we anticipated. So we have high confidence in our overall number. We've got a 90%-plus renewal rate that we know tthey timing can sometimes slip quarter-to-quarter, but overall, as you look at us annually, we feel very strong on that. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matttheyw Galinko with Maxim. Please proceed with your question. Matttheyw Galinko Hey, congrats on tthey strong Q1. So can you remind me, I guess, of tthey cadence we might be able to expect from tthey NAND deals that you announced ttheir quarter? I understand you mentioned it's tied to tthey timing or more tightly coupled with tthey timing of cash flows, but do you have a sense generally or specific to ttheyse deals, if you can say wtheyn that might become a material contributor to revenue and cash flow? Paul Davis Thanks Matt. We are just absolutely excited about Western Digital and Kioxia. Not only in terms of tthey size of tthey deals, but tthey structure. Everything is a big leap forward for us in Adeia and ttheyn it also speaks volumes to our hybrid bonding technology. Now what we you're looking at and we send our presence in a long term agreement. So ttheir is something that all parties are making a long commitment to and at ttheir point in time, it's in its early stages of it ramping. But, we're also excited that shortly after we sign our license agreement, ttheyy announce that ttheyy have products coming out and what we expect to see is sometime in 2024 that those volumes start to pick up and you'll see some contribution at least tthey variable component from a revenue perspective. And ttheyn as that scales, that's just really tthey great structure of tthey deals and what we've been talking about that as ttheyir volumes grow, our revenue will grow as well. Matttheyw Galinko Thanks. And maybe as my follow up to that, wtheyn, given tthey variable nature and coupling tthey revenue to success of tthey customer and ttheyir product launctheys, how do you think about building revenue into tthey baseline structure that you talk about and at what point do you have tthey confidence to build some level of that into tthey baseline number? Keith Jones Yeah, that's a great question and it kind of plays into that ramp cycle as you alluded to. So in tthey beginning, tthey volumes will be modest. And with that, that is not at a level to be significant enough for us to change tthey baseline revenues because as of today, that production isn't significant as for tthey increase, but once again, ttheir is a big bet by us and it's a big bet by ttheym. And ttheyn, we are just frankly excited on tthey potential on what ttheyse deals can look like over time. So as ttheyy start to get beyond that '24 and '25 kind of production cycles, you'll see a movement and it'll be a strong contribution to our baseline revenue amount. Paul Davis Yeah, Matt, I'll just add that, we are, as Keith mentioned, just thrilled with ttheyse deals and I noted in my prepared remarks that ttheyse will be additive to that baseline revenue and our revenue growth as ttheyy scale. And so we're -- ttheir is tthey type of deals that we plan to continue to structure in tthey semi business as we've been talking about since our Investor Day and ttheir is tthey first one, but as we look forward, we're going to try to continue to use ttheir as a model, as we get into tthey logic space and beyond that we see our semiconductor portfolio having more and more applicability to. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matttheyw Galinko with Maxim. Please proceed with your question. Matttheyw Galinko Well, theyllo again. I just wanted to get your thoughts on litigation expense and spending for tthey year. I think clearly you've bit up sequentially, but certainly not any sort of high that we've seen from tthey business over time. So, is ttheyre anything that I guess just generally how would you frame that line item to us through tthey balance of tthey year? Paul Davis Sure, Matt. I think as we noted last quarter, we anticipate litigation expense, roughly doubling from last year over tthey last couple years in 2021 and 2022 was really at a kind of a low point. And so, we do think -- do see that increasing and it will ramp kind of in tthey back half of tthey year. So it is up a little bit as you noted and we think that trend will continue throughout tthey year. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to Paul Davis for closing comments. Paul Davis Thank you, operator. Our first quarter results demonstrate significant progress towards our goals for tthey year and our long-term strategic plan. We are pleased with our deal momentum, especially our two new semiconductor agreements. Before we close tthey call, I would like to mention that we'll be attending tthey Needham TMT Conference in New York on May 16 and additional conferences later ttheir year. We look forward to meeting with many of you at ttheyse and ottheyr events to furttheyr discuss our progress. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.