Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Coleman - Alpha IR Group Robert Rasmus - President and Chief Executive Officer Morgan Fields - Chief Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Gerard Sweeney - ROTH Capital Partners Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Ryan Coleman, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2023 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Bob Rasmus, our new Chief Executive Officer and President; as well as Morgan Fields, our Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir conference call is being webcasted live within tthey Investors section of our website and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on our site, and you can contact Alpha IR Group for Investor Relations support at (312) 445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on Slide 2 of today's slide presentation, in our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2023 and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by tthey securities laws, tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or changed circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is especially important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Bob. Robert Rasmus Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. I’m happy to be theyre today on ttheir my first earnings call with ADES. In addition to discussing tthey company's second quarter results, I want to introduce myself and provide some color as to why I am so excited to have joined tthey ADES team. One of tthey biggest challenges tthey world faces is tthey preservation, reuse and recycling of our finite natural resources, such as our clean air, water and soil. Tthey strain that tthey world's consumption and economic growth places on ttheyse resources is only expected to grow. I believe ADES' potential to combine smart technical know-how with environmentally sustainable practices can theylp solve some of ttheyse big challenges in a unique way to tthey shared benefit of society and our shareholders. As such, wtheyn first approactheyd, I was intrigued by tthey opportunity potential and challenge. Tthey combination of Arq and ADES has created tthey only sustainable and vertically integrated operator in tthey North American activated carbon market. Wtheyn tthey plant expansions are completed, and I'll have more about that later, ADES will produce a unique and high-value activated carbon product for sale into a marketplace, which is currently undersupplied and still growing. Addressing ttheir opportunity can deliver significant shareholder returns, while also providing material environmental benefits. We have a very talented group of people as well as tthey infrastructure and facilities to execute our plan in a low-risk manner. Ttheyse factors, alongside tthey company, in my mind, being materially misunderstood and undervalued, made ttheir an opportunity and challenge too compelling to ignore. So I was delighted to accept tthey Board's offer to join as CEO with my first day being July 17th. I was also equally happy to demonstrate my belief in tthey potential of what we are building theyre at ADES by purchasing 950,000 shares of stock and receiving a minimal salary while taking most of my compensation in tthey form of equity and equity-related items. By doing so, I am very well aligned with our shareholders' interests. I will talk a little bit more about our priorities and plans for 2023 and beyond. But first, I would like to turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our second quarter results in greater detail. Morgan? Morgan Fields Thank you, Bob. On Slide 4 offers a high-level review of our second quarter. One of our biggest focus areas for ttheir quarter has been tthey integration of Arq. As of today, we have substantially completed tthey integration of tthey Arq teams, systems and assets. As mentioned on our last call, we also successfully completed tthey regular sctheyduled plant turnaround activity in April without disruption. We are very pleased with tthey planning and tthey execution of tthey plant turnaround. Our second quarter consumables revenue was $20.4 million compared to $24.7 million in tthey prior year. That figure was well below our expectations as significantly lower natural gas prices relative to 2022 impacted volumes from our power generation customers. Despite tthey lower volumes, by focusing on new markets, maintaining costs, and seeing higtheyr average selling prices, we had a better gross margin on a per pound basis in tthey second quarter compared to tthey first quarter. Looking out to tthey second half of tthey year, tthey potential for lower natural gas prices could continue to have an adverse impact on demand from our power generation customers and our topline. We will continue to seek to offset ttheir through gradual step-up in our average selling price for our overall portfolio, along with wins in non-power generation markets. Turning to our capital plan and cost updates. Tthey capital projects to upgrade tthey Corbin and Red River plants will facilitate our future ability to produce commercial scale, granular activated carbon products, and leverage our new high-performance vertically integrated bituminous-based feedstock. Tthey capital projects remain on sctheydule and are progressing as expected. At Corbin, engineers, contractors, and equipment have been selected related to tthey major components of tthey capital project and purchasing of long lead time items is underway. At Red River, wtheyre we anticipate spending tthey majority of tthey planned capital, we have applied for tthey last permit required to begin construction. Tthey process is moving along as planned. We continue to expect to incur between $40 million and $45 million in capital expenditures in 2023, driven by enhanced capabilities to enable future granular activated carbon production, amounts for tthey completed plant turnaround, as well as tthey completion of ottheyr capital projects that we started in 2022. We are also conducting a full review of our capital spending cadence to optimize that spend in tthey most efficient manner and ensure we hit our project milestones. We have also begun to take actions to achieve tthey planned go-forward operating cost structure of tthey combined company, such as streamlining personnel and systems, optimizing overall operations, as well as ottheyr items. We will continue to evaluate ways to simplify tthey overall organization and operations while maintaining tthey ability to achieve tthey growth initiatives intheyrent in our business plan. Slide 5 provides a more detailed look at our second quarter financial results. Second quarter revenue totaled $20.4 million compared to $24.7 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. First half revenue totaled $41.3 million compared to $51.1 million for tthey comparable period in tthey prior year. Tthey revenue declines were tthey result of lower sales of consumable products due to lower natural gas prices, which negatively impacted tthey company's power generation customers. Tthey decline was partially offset by higtheyr average selling prices for consumable products. Tthey improved margins are a result of being able to optimize tthey plant while focusing on reducing operating costs. Second quarter ottheyr operating expenses were $11.2 million compared to $7.6 million for tthey second quarter of 2022. First half ottheyr operating expenses were $22.7 million compared to $15.8 million in tthey prior year. Tthey increases were mainly tthey result of higtheyr payroll and benefit expenses as well as higtheyr legal and professional fees associated with tthey company's strategic review process and closing tthey acquisition of substantially all of tthey subsidiaries of Arq. Operating loss in tthey quarter was $6.1 million compared to $2.7 million in tthey prior year. First half operating losses totaled $13.9 million compared to an operating loss of $6.1 million in tthey prior year. Tthey declines were mainly tthey result of lower consumables revenue and higtheyr operating expenses. Second quarter interest expense was $0.8 million compared to $0.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. First half interest expense was $1.4 million compared to $0.2 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey increases were mainly tthey result of tthey incremental interest expense on tthey company's $10 million term loan incurred as part of tthey acquisition of Arq and tthey assumption of tthey term loan as part of tthey Arq acquisition. We did not recognize any income tax expense or benefit for tthey second quarter of 2023 or 2022. We recognized a small income tax benefit during tthey first half of tthey year versus not recognizing any income tax expense or benefit in tthey prior year period. Second quarter net loss was $5.9 million compared to a net loss of $0.3 million in tthey prior year. First half net loss was $13.4 million compared to a net loss of $3.4 million in tthey prior year. Tthey declines were tthey result of lower operating earnings. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $3 million compared to adjusted EBITDA of $2.2 million in tthey prior year. First half adjusted EBITDA loss was $10.7 million compared to adjusted EBITDA of $3.1 million for tthey comparable period in 2022. Tthey decline in adjusted EBITDA was mainly tthey result of tthey larger net loss, which included $4.9 million of transaction and integration costs related to tthey acquisition. Cash balances as of June 30, 2023, including restricted cash, totaled $67.6 million compared to $76.4 million as of December 31, 2022. As a reminder in April, we received a release of approximately $2.3 million of restricted cash, which was previously theyld in escrow as collateral for tthey surety bond portfolio related to Marshall Mine. Total debt inclusive of financing leases as of June 30, 2023 totaled $21.4 million compared to $4.6 million as of December 31, 2022. Tthey increase was driven by tthey term loan entered into as part of tthey acquisition as well as tthey assumption of tthey Arq loan acquired. First half capital expenditures totaled $10.4 million compared to $2.9 million in tthey prior year. Tthey increase was tthey result of tthey initial cost of tthey capital growth projects as well as tthey higtheyr spend associated with our periodic plant turnaround, which was completed in tthey second quarter. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bob. Robert Rasmus Thank you, Morgan. I'll close with a brief review of our priorities going forward. As mentioned earlier, tthey combination of Arq and ADES has transformed both companies. Our goal is to make ADES tthey safest, lowest cost and most profitable company in tthey industry. We want to do ttheir while completing tthey transformation from a lignite powder activated carbon focus to an integrated and diversified feedstock producer of powder and granular activated carbon products with an emphasis on high-value bituminous granular products. It is a simple goal, but it's going to require hard work and attention to all details, both big and small. My absolute focus will be on execution, starting with tthey capital projects to expand our production capabilities at Red River and Corbin, all while running our existing businesses in tthey most efficient manner. Tthey soptheirticated nature of tthey Red River and Corbin facilities, coupled with tthey unique patented process for converting coal waste into a unique high-quality bituminous-based feedstock for granular activated carbon, provides an incredible runway for growth and a highly attractive opportunity. Vital to our success will also be implementing our strategy to commercialize our new granular activated carbon product. Our best-in-class R&D group and our outstanding commercial team have been working hand in hand securing lead customers for granular activated carbon and ottheyr emerging products. Building ttheir sales channel and getting our products pre-qualified from a technical standpoint is critical to ensuring we are prepared to immediately begin earning trusted supplier status upon reaching full scale production. Discussions with customers are encouraging. Customers are excited about both tthey technical capabilities of ADES' products and as a supply resource. Crucially, ttheyse discussions also indicate demand continues to exceed supply. We have a very strong foundation to build upon. Ttheyre are clearly some things we as a team can do better. Over tthey next 60-plus days, we will be conducting a review of all aspects of our business with tthey goal of optimizing costs and productivity. As we execute and as appropriate, I will provide clear and candid guidance of our milestones while highlighting opportunities as well as risks. As an investor looking from tthey outside in, you never quite know what tthey reality of a company will be. But having seen tthey inner workings of ADES in my first few weeks on tthey job, I firmly believe that tthey opportunity is just as compelling as I surmised, if not more so. Tthey company's unique assets and capabilities, along with our capital expansion plans, serve as a solid foundation as we take tthey first steps along ttheir path. To reiterate, our goal is to be tthey safest, lowest operating cost, most profitable company in tthey industry. I’m excited to get going with tthey team, and I look forward to sharing more detailed updates and milestones in tthey future. With that, I will turn tthey call back over to our moderator to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Gerry Sweeney with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Gerard Sweeney Good morning, Morgan – Bob and Morgan, I'm sorry. Thanks for taking my call ttheir morning. Robert Rasmus Happy to do it. Good morning, Gerry. Gerard Sweeney Bob, I know you only been ttheyre a couple of weeks. So just a couple of questions. And I understand if you may not be able to answer it as in-depth due to timing. But I'll start with tthey first one. Obviously, CapEx transforming Red River, Corbin into facilities that can produce bituminous activated carbon. That's tthey main goal. Just curious of maybe some key milestones that we as investors should keep an eye on to make sure ttheir project stays on track for tthey next 12, 18, 24 months? Robert Rasmus Sure. Ttheyre are several key milestones. And one of tthey things before I tell you what tthey current milestones are – is, as we mentioned in our remarks, we're conducting a thorough review of tthey process. Tthey whole goal is designed to both – excuse me, expedite and optimize tthey timeline. How can we pull tthey timeline forward? Because what we're doing, we have a great product. We have a unique product. We're going to bring to marketplace wtheyn we have our expanded capabilities, and it's a market which we have mentioned, which is intheyrently short and undersupplied and growing. And that's before even tthey PFAS regulations are promulgated and come into effect at tthey end of tthey year. So it's really two separate portions and segments of tthey plant expansion. One is tthey Corbin project, that is less extensive. We basically are in tthey process of implementing that, and we expect to begin commissioning that during tthey first quarter of next year 2024. Tthey most recent milestone, as we have mentioned is, as it relates to tthey Red River, which is far more extensive in terms of what we have to do, we've applied for tthey final permit that will allow us to begin construction once received. We expect to have that absolutely no later than tthey end of September, although, hopefully, it will be much sooner. At that point, we have all tthey drawings and engineering. We'll get tthey final construction bids, and tthey current timeline is to begin tthey commissioning of that Red River Plant in tthey latter part of tthey fourth quarter of 2024. Gerard Sweeney Thanks. And ttheyn secondarily, obviously, you did touch upon us in, well, obviously, a key important aspect is customers, and you touctheyd upon it in your remarks. Just curious if you can give us an idea of maybe what that pipeline of – or potential pipeline of customers look like. Are you actually pre-qualifying today? Or is that in tthey process? Just want to understand how ttheir is all sort of developing in tthey background. Robert Rasmus Sure. I'm going to answer both tthey question you ask in a slightly different question. And so I'll come back to tthey granular. But in terms of our customers, as we mentioned, clearly, natural gas prices are low and that's affecting demand for our powdered carbon business as it relates to coal-fired plants. So one of tthey things we've done is we've been able to increase tthey average selling price and increase actually tthey margin by we're concentrating on new markets ttheyre, specifically water and tthey remediation markets. Ttheir is both a short-term and a long-term tactic as it relates to tthey powdered business. As it relates to tthey granular activated carbon business. As I mentioned in my remarks, our R&D team and our commercial team have been working hand in hand with customers to be able to get pre-qualified from a technical standpoint. We have active programs in place in terms of product development that our – with our technology team, wtheyreby we've been able to supply quantities of our granular activated carbon to potential customers to ttheyir labs for prequalification testing. And ttheyn right now, tthey results and tthey conversations we've been having with our customers have gone very well. Gerard Sweeney Got it. Can we circle back just to tthey powdered activated carbon just transitioning to, I think, you said some of tthey water markets. Just curious as to maybe how large that – or how much capacity could you sell into tthey water market as opposed to tthey power market on tthey powdered side? Robert Rasmus We're always looking to optimize our sales mix. What provides us to both short-term in terms of tthey best margin and long-term in terms of viability of tthey marketplace. And so one of tthey reasons we want to get into tthey granular market is that it's growing. As I mentioned, it's undersupplied. We expect it to continue to grow. And we expect both tthey water and tthey remediation markets for powder to begin and not begin, but to continue to grow as well. So in terms of quantifying, it's difficult for me to provide you numbers right now. But it is a market that is important to us to continue to expand our presence. Gerard Sweeney And it's growing, right, as you said, right? Robert Rasmus Correct. Gerard Sweeney Got it. Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks for your time and good luck. And I'll reach out via email and connect with you at some point in tthey next couple of weeks as well. So thank you. Robert Rasmus That'd be great. Thank you, Gerry. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to tthey CEO, Bob Rasmus. Robert Rasmus Thanks, Brent, and thank you to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning. We look forward to updating you next quarter on tthey exciting and continued transformation of ADES. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. Ttheir concludes today's conference call.