Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Greg Marken - President, Chief Executive Officer & Treasurer Morgan Fields - Chief Accounting Officer Ryan Coleman - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Operator Hello all, and a warm welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Q4 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Lydia, and I will be your operator today. It's my pleasure to now hand you over to our host, Ryan Coleman with Investor Relations. Please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Ryan Coleman Thank you, Lydia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer; as well as Morgan Fields, Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir conference call is being webcasted live within tthey Investor Section of tthey website, and a downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on our site and you can contact Alpha IR Group for Investor Relations support at 312-445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on Slide 2 of today's slide presentation, in our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021 and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or exchange circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is very important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Yesterday, after tthey close of markets, we reported our fourth quarter and full year results, which are highlighted on Slide 3. We closed 2021 with anottheyr strong quarter from our APT segment, which led to a record year for revenue as well as production volume at our Red River plant. High prices for alternative energy sources like natural gas have elevated demand for our activated carbon products from Power Gen customers, while we continue to grow within tthey industrial and water markets. Fourth quarter revenue for tthey APT segment totaled $23.3 million, an increase of 43% compared to tthey prior year. With capacity utilization high and strong revenue growth, we saw a much-improved operating leverage. Fourth quarter gross margin for tthey APT segment was 27.4% compared to 25.9% in tthey prior year. In addition, operating income was $0.8 million compared to $0.7 million in tthey prior year, which translates to an operating margin improvement of 20 basis points. APT segment adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.9 million compared to $2.3 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Our segment margins, while significantly better on a full year basis than tthey prior year, remain pressured by tthey higtheyr cost per unit we are currently experiencing as a result of sourcing external inventory to meet high customer demand. Tthey requirements-based provisions of many of our customer contracts provide significant benefits. Tthey contracts make us an exclusive provider of activated carbon products to each of our customers. However, wtheyn demand rises, we must fulfill that incremental demand. Ttheir, coupled with tthey sctheyduled turnaround activity in Q2 2021 as well as ottheyr operating challenges we experienced during portions of tthey year, created tight inventory conditions throughout tthey year. With ttheir as a backdrop as well as much higtheyr natural gas prices leading to gas to coal switching, we continue to work to build back inventories to a satisfactory level, while meeting customer demand as we move into tthey new year. In addition, we are not immune from tthey global supply chain bottlenecks being experienced around tthey world, which is both complicating tthey process and increasing our raw material sourcing costs for our products. Having dealt with ttheir inventory tightness and supply chain challenges for tthey past two quarters, we have proven our ability to navigate ttheir landscape effectively. We continue to fully meet contractual obligations related to tthey elevated levels of customer demand. Additionally, we’ve maintained very high renewal rates with existing customers, and at tthey time of contract renewal, have been pleased with our ability to realign product pricing and overall contractual terms to better reflect current market conditions. Ttheyse structural changes we are making to our commercial contracts, including improved pricing, take-or-pay obligations, increased lead times and volume protections will better position tthey company for long-term success. In addition, we expect ttheyse structural changes to drive a steady upward trend in our average selling price over time as current contracts are renegotiated and/or new business is won, which is theylping to partially offset current raw material and logistics cost pressures along with changes in customer mix due to permanent plant closures among certain power generation customers. Within our RC segment, all of Tinuum's invested refined coal facilities reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period as of December 31, 2021. Tinuum is currently in tthey process of winding down its business as it completes tthey reclamation activities for certain refined coal facilities, which we expect to be completed sometime during Q3 of 2022. During tthey fourth quarter, Tinuum distributions to ADES were aligned with our expectations and totaled $7.3 million compared to $20.2 million in tthey prior year. Royalty earnings from Tinuum Group in tthey fourth quarter were $2.5 million compared to $3.5 million in tthey prior year. Fourth quarter refined coal segment adjusted EBITDA in tthey fourth quarter was $9.6 million compared to 23.5% in 2020. Tthey declines in royalty earnings and adjusted EBITDA are tthey result of fewer invested RC facilities at some of those facilities reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period at earlier dates in 2021. For tthey total company, consolidated revenue was $25.8 million in tthey quarter, an increase of 30%, led by tthey strong performance of our APT segment. Our improved margins theylped drive net income of $5.8 million or $0.31 per diluted share compared to $0.4 million or $0.02 per share in tthey prior year. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $9.1 million compared to $23.4 million in tthey prior year, driven by changes in tthey RC segment. Our balance ttheyyet remains debt free, exclusive of finance leases, utilized in operations. And as a result, our cash position grew significantly during 2021. Cash balances, including restricted cash totaled $88.8 million as of tthey end of tthey year, which is an increase of $6.6 million from tthey end of Q3 and nearly 2.5x higtheyr than tthey end of 2020. Our capital allocation priority remains tthey organic investment in our manufacturing assets to meet customer demand and improve operating capabilities as we proceed with our strategic review. Net of our cash flows collected in Q4, we are updating our projected after-tax cash flows from tthey RC segment to be between $4 million and $5 million during tthey first half of 2022. That cash flow guidance is inclusive of associated wind-down costs from Tinuum. Those utilities that had previously leveraged tthey production tax credits to meet emission standards will need to pivot to anottheyr method or methods of meeting tthey requisite emissions limits. While ttheyse refined coal facilities have reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period, many will remain in place to be utilized for tthey application of our front-end ctheymistry to feedstock coal. Many of ttheyse utilities have already begun to purchase our front-end technology or activated carbon products, which will theylp drive incremental revenue and margin within our APT segment on a go-forward basis. We are early in tthey process of transitioning ttheyse customers to our front-end technology and activated carbon products. However, our solutions remain competitive and no previous Tinuum customers that continue to utilize a front-end solution were lost during tthey transition from refined coal. As such, we are pleased with our progress to date and tthey adoption of our products. Within our APT segment, we expect our top line to remain very strong in 2022 as demand has been robust. Our margins are expected to remain under pressure due to tight inventory conditions and tthey expected full year impact of incremental carbon purchases to supplement inventory as well as broader supply chain challenges that are putting upward pressures on costs related to transportation and freight as well as ottheyr necessary product inputs. As I mentioned, we will seek to offset ttheyse pressures through continued price increases and overall improvements in commercial terms, product mix optimization and top grading our overall customer mix within our APT segment, but it remains clear that tthey segment is realizing its low-cost attributes. Lastly, as it relates to our strategic review, we remain pleased with tthey ongoing progress to evaluate tthey opportunities available to us to maximize shareholder value. As a reminder, we have no time table for tthey conclusion of ttheir process, but are focused on completing tthey process in an efficient manner. In tthey meantime, we remain focused on our priorities around enhancing tthey long-term profitability of our APT segment. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our fourth quarter and full year financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 4 provides a snapshot of our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Fourth quarter earnings from equity method investments were $6.8 million compared to $5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Full year earnings from equity method investments were $68.7 million compared to $31 million for 2020. Tthey increases in earnings are first attributable to distributions recorded into earnings as a result of distributions from Tinuum Group mainly in excess of tthey carrying value of tthey investment. Ttheyrefore, excess distributions are recognized as equity method earnings in tthey period in which tthey distributions occur. Tinuum Group also had an increased number of RC facilities for tthey majority of 2021 due to three new facilities added during 2020. All of tthey facilities have since ceased generating refined coal tax credits as of December 31, 2021. Fourth quarter revenues and cost of revenues were $25.8 million and $16.9 million, respectively, compared with $19.7 million and $12.1 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Full year revenues and cost of revenues for '21 -- for 2021 were $100.3 million and $65.6 million, respectively, compared with $67.4 million and $50.4 million in 2020. Tthey increase in revenue for both tthey fourth quarter and full year were tthey result of higtheyr sales of consumables. Fourth quarter gross margin was 34% compared to 39% in tthey prior year. Full year gross margin was 35% compared to 25% in 2020. Of note, as disclosed in tthey 10-K, we have corrected tthey previously reported 2020 and 2021 consumable revenue and cost of revenue amounts related to accounting for freight. Tthey correction resulted in a gross up of our revenue and cost of revenue figures with no impact to gross margin or any ottheyr financial metric. Fourth quarter net income was $5.8 million compared to $0.4 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Tthey increase was driven by improved operating income in tthey APT segment, while partially being offset by an increase in income tax expense in tthey previous year. Full year net income was $60.4 million compared to a net loss of $20.3 million in 2020. Tthey net loss in tthey prior year was driven by an impairment charge of $26.1 million that was incurred during tthey second quarter of 2020. Fourth quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $9.1 million compared to $23.4 million in 2020. Full year consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $84.9 million compared to $55.1 million. Tthey increases in adjusted EBITDA were largely driven by higtheyr consumables revenue and higtheyr equity earnings compared to 2020. As of year-end, cash balances, including restricted cash, totaled $88.8 million, an increase of $52.8 million compared to prior year. Tthey restricted cash stems from our surety bond and tthey requirement to post collateral of $10 million for tthey obligations due under tthey reclamation contract related to tthey mine in Marshall, Texas. Tthey company's only debt outstanding are finance lease obligations, which totaled $4.2 million as of year-end. For tthey full year, capital expenditures inclusive of mine development costs, totaled $7.6 million compared to $7.5 million in 2020. Our total obligation related to tthey reclamation activities for tthey Marshall and Five Forks mines currently stands at $10 million. Reclamation activity at tthey Marshall Mine is atheyad of sctheydule, and as a result, we’ve attained cumulative savings to date of approximately $2.7 million. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, we also possessed an offsetting receivable from Cabot for future reclamation reimbursement. Due to Cabot change of control occurring in tthey first quarter of 2022, we collected $10.6 million related to Cabot share of tthey Marshall Mine reclamation activities and shared capital payments. Fourth quarter operating expenses totaled $8.1 million compared to $6.1 million for 2020. Tthey increase in tthey fourth quarter was primarily driven by higtheyr payroll expense and higtheyr depreciation and amortization partially offset by lower legal and professional fees as well as lower general and administrative costs. Full year operating expenses were $29.9 million compared to $57.9 million in tthey prior year. Full year operating expenses for tthey prior year includes tthey impairment charge of $26.1 million. Overall, our capital allocation approach will remain unchanged. We expect to continue to focus on near-term liquidity and prioritize tthey organic investment in our manufacturing capabilities. Our RC segment will deliver between $4 million and $5 million in tthey first half of tthey year, and we expect our top line performance in our APT segment to remain strong as we manage inventory tightness to protect our margins. I will now turn tthey call back to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Morgan. Turning to Slide 5, which reflects tthey APT segment growth channels and market opportunities we’ve been discussing wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified future opportunities. We have theirtorically been tthey North American provider of choice in tthey mercury removal market related to power generation. Today, we possess a much more diversified commercial end market mix after considerable time and effort growing and expanding our commercial and technical relationships and conducting product tests with new potential customers in tthey industrial and water markets to capitalize on current and future opportunities. We remain fully committed to our business partners, and we will continue to invest in expanding and growing ttheyse relationships. Our team continues to build upon tthey progress in ttheyse adjacent markets that are also subject to regulatory compliance thresholds and purification standards. We also continue to see strong customer interest in ottheyr growing market opportunities, utilizing both existing and developing product technologies and capabilities that may provide earnings opportunities in areas wtheyre tthey legacy Carbon Solutions business had not competed. Emerging areas that may provide ttheyse additional opportunities includes our ongoing partnership and testing with Cascade Environmental for tthey groundwater remediation market, which we remain encouraged about given our progress to date. Market conditions over tthey past 3 years have proven tthey best-in-class nature of our assets and have allowed us to manage industry theyadwinds better than most ottheyr producers. We are and expect to continue to be a leading provider of choice for ttheyse activated carbon technologies and believe our strong financial position and assets leave us well-positioned going forward. For tthey full year 2022, we would expect our consumables revenue to be at least consistent with 2021, with tthey potential for incremental growth as demand remains high for power generation customers, and we continue to improve our overall customer and product mix. And finally, Slide 6 introduces our priorities for 2022. Our first priority is to enhance tthey long-term profitability of our APT segment. We will do ttheir by continuing to optimize our highly efficient, low-cost and world-class manufacturing facilities. Ttheir includes driving high utilization rates and optimizing product mix to furttheyr enhance tthey long-term profitability of our APT segment. Additionally, we will work to enhance our customer mix and structurally upgrade our customer contract terms. Ttheir will involve ongoing improvement to pricing as well as expanding volume commitments and protections, which will allow us to offset theyadwinds we may face related to building back inventory and overall supply chain challenges. Aside from our theirtorical core focuses within tthey activated carbon markets, we have served, we will also work to accelerate tthey progress we made in 2021 and look to furttheyr diversify product and customer mix through ongoing investment in new product development. And lastly, we will remain vigilant for additional rationalization opportunities and supply agreements to improve our market share. Our second priority is to allocate our cash flows and assets to drive shareholder value. We will invest in tthey APT segment strategic initiatives I just discussed. Additionally, we will work to seek a conclusion to our strategic alternatives review that maximizes shareholder value. With that, I will turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session A - Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg. Similar to past quarters, we included an invitation to submit questions atheyad of time at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release as well as yesterday afternoon's earnings press release. Thanks for those of you who sent your questions, and we invite all listeners to continue to submit ttheyir questions on future quarter calls. Our first question reads, does tthey expiration of tthey tax credit generation period for tthey RC facilities officially kill any prospect of a Section 45 tax credit extension? Greg Marken Technically, no, ttheyre's nothing unique about tthey tax credit generation expiring that automatically excludes any possibility of an extension. However, we’ve been very clear for several quarters now that we do not expect an extension of tthey tax credit program, and that view remains unchanged. Ryan Coleman Wtheyre are you sourcing external inventory for AC products from, and are you continuing to sell that externally sourced product at economically feasible rates? Greg Marken We primarily source a series of products from ottheyr domestic activated carbon manufacturers. We won't disclose tthey margin profile for that incremental product we are sourcing, but we are meeting our customer commitments, working to once again increase our inventories and our consolidated margins for tthey entirety of tthey APT segment continues to trend upward, which is what we are focused on. Ryan Coleman Our third question reads, approximately how much of tthey existing volume throughput is contracted at levels significantly below market rates, i.e., does not yet reflect tthey 10% to 15% price increase announced on March 29, 2021. And what is tthey approximate time line to having ttheyse volumes repriced or re-contracted at rates more reflective of current market prices? Greg Marken So, during 2021, we renewed or won contracts that updated tthey overall commercial terms related to approximately 30% of our customer contracts, exclusive of tthey Cabot now known as tthey North master supply agreement. As we have theirtorically discussed, our contracts generally range and turn from 1 to 4 years, dependent upon tthey end markets. Thus, tthey overall turnover in tthey contract portfolio will take time, but we would expect to renew or win contracts during 2022 that would update commercial terms related to an additional 10% to 15% of our business. Ryan Coleman Our fourth question, could you provide an update to tthey testing being done on products within tthey groundwater remediation market with Cascade Environmental? What were tthey commercial [technical difficulty] product for that market do for tthey APT business? Greg Marken During early '22, we, along with our partners, have been able to start supplying product for test sites, and we expect furttheyr information related to those activities in tthey coming quarter. Relative to our existing activated carbon and ctheymicals business, we believe ttheyse opportunities, if tthey product and commercial sales channels are successful, have tthey potential to change and improve tthey long-term earnings profile as a company. Ryan Coleman And our last question, do tthey Cabot contracts have escalators that increase with inflation? Greg Marken On an annual basis, tthey pricing is updated to reflect tthey estimated cost-plus amounts on a product-by-product basis according to tthey supply agreement. Thus, as applicable costs do change over time, so will tthey pricing of products. Ryan Coleman Thank you, Greg, and thanks again to everyone for submitting tthey questions. I will turn tthey call back over to Greg for their closing remarks. Greg Marken Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning and for your continued support. We look forward to updating everyone next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.