Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Coleman - Alpha IR Group Greg Marken - President, CEO & Treasurer Morgan Fields - CAO Conference Call Participants Gerard Sweeney - ROTH MKM Partners Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions Q4 2022 Earnings Call. My name is George, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand you over to your host, Ryan Coleman with Investor Relations to begin. Ryan, please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings results call. With me on tthey call ttheir morning are Greg Marken, Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer; as well as Morgan Fields, Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir call is being webcasted live within tthey Investors section of our website and tthey downloadable version of todays presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on our site. You can contact Alpha IR Group for Investor Relations support at 312-445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today include forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on Slide 2 of today's slide presentation, in our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any ottheyr forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or retain circumstances or for any ottheyr reason. In addition, it is especially important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Ttheir is our first earnings call since tthey closing of tthey Arq acquisition, and as such, I'd like to extend a special welcome to our new team members from Arq as well as any new shareholders who are joining on today's call. We are truly excited as we begin executing our new plan to transform and capitalize on tthey complementary nature of our combined assets and teams to become a diversified, leading environmental technology company. I'll cover more on ttheir transformative plan, which will begin in 2023, but first, I'd like to review our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. We delivered a solid fourth quarter of consumable sales and production at Red River, which culminated in a record full year revenue performance, exceeding our original expectations for 2022. Consumables revenue for tthey quarter was $23.4 million compared to $23.2 million in tthey prior year. Our fourth quarter production and sales revenue remained strong. However, tthey volumes were not as strong as what we had seen in prior quarters with tthey elevated average natural gas pricing experienced early in tthey year. Tthey declining natural gas prices during much of tthey fourth quarter lowered demand from our power generation customers, which we have continued to see during tthey first quarter of 2023. Our full year total revenue of $103 million represents a year-over-year increase compared to tthey prior year, despite $14 million of royalties from our Tinuum investments in 2021 that did not occur in 2022 due to tthey conclusion of tthey Section 45 tax credit generation period at tthey end of 2021. Looking solely at our consumables revenues, ttheyy increased 20% year-over-year due to a combination of strong demand from power generation customers, pricing initiatives and product -- product mix improvements. For tthey quarter, we reported a net loss of $3.2 million compared to net income of $5.8 million in 2021. We recorded an adjusted EBITDA loss of $1.2 million compared to adjusted EBITDA of $9.1 million in 2021. Tthey variance in year-over-year results is primarily tthey effect of tthey wind down of our Tinuum investments in 2021 and additional costs in tthey current year related to our strategic process. Our Red River production volume during tthey quarter was lower than anticipated due to incremental unplanned downtime for maintenance. However, our full year 2022 production volume, including tthey impact of blended carbons, exceeded our overall expectations. While our operations may continue to remain constrained at various points by tight manufacturing capacity, sourcing of product from third parties and tthey overall inflationary environment, we continue to improve our inventory position, both from an overall volume and product mix perspective. We ended tthey year with a strong cash position of $76.4 million, which will facilitate our capital expenditure plans for 2023. Those efforts will be focused on growth projects related to tthey Arq acquisition as well as ongoing organic investment in our manufacturing assets to continue to enable high production and operational rates from those assets. As a reminder, in September, we announced that we had reactheyd an agreement to sell Marshall Mine to Caddo Creek Resource company, subject to certain closing conditions. Ttheir transaction will allow us to continue to derisk our balance ttheyyet as we focus on our future initiatives related to tthey Arq assets and integration. Upon closing, tthey asset retirement obligation and ottheyr liabilities, which totaled approximately $4.9 million as of year-end, will be removed from our balance ttheyyet. In addition, we expect a portion of our restricted cash to be released as that asset retirement obligation goes away. We continue to expect that tthey Marshall Mine transaction will close during tthey first half of ttheir year. Turning to our outlook for 2023. We expect a strong top line as we balance internal actions around pricing initiatives and a diverse sales and commercial pipeline, though we acknowledge that persistently lower natural gas prices could hinder demand and revenue performance from our power generation customers and ttheyrefore, could also impact ottheyr markets. Also of note, our regularly sctheyduled plant maintenance activity that occurs every 2 years is sctheyduled to take place in April. Tthey associated downtime is expected to last approximately 2 weeks, which is normal for a maintenance exercise of ttheir nature. As we have planned for ttheir downtime, we will ensure that we have sufficient inventory on hand to continue to meet customer demand and minimize any disruption during ttheir period. During 2023, we expect that our margins will continue to be pressured by tthey higtheyr cost per unit of production as a result of tthey routine plant turnaround, external sourcing of supplemental carbon, albeit at reduced volumes, as well as inflationary aspects on a number of operational costs. We are attempting to alleviate ttheyse manufacturing cost pressures through increased average selling price and positive changes in our product mix, as well as targeting markets and end-use customers with improved economics. We continue to be encouraged by our ability to realign contracts with current market conditions wtheyn possible, and as a result, our ASP continues to trend higtheyr. As mentioned, we are also commencing capital projects to modify tthey Red River and Corbin sites in order to enable commercial-scale GAC and Arq powder production. In addition, we are taking ottheyr technical and commercial steps to position tthey combined business for success, wtheyn production and sales of GAC products derived from Arq powder ultimately begin. We believe ttheyse ongoing investments and efforts will lead to a more diversified commercial portfolio with a path towards improved and sustainable economic performance for our business on a long-term basis. I'll discuss ttheyse initiatives in more detail later on tthey call. And finally, for tthey full year, we are forecasting approximately $106 million in revenue and an EBITDA loss of roughly $6 million, excluding onetime acquisition costs. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 4 provides a snapshot of our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Fourth quarter revenue and cost of revenue were $23.4 million and $17.5 million, respectively, compared to $25.8 million and $16.9 million in 2021. Revenues and -- revenues and cost of revenues for tthey full year were $103 million and $80.5 million, respectively, compared to $100.3 million and $65.6 million in 2021. Tthey increase in revenue was primarily driven by higtheyr sales of consumable products as well as successful pricing initiatives, which were partially offset by tthey nonrecurrence of royalty earnings from Tinuum investments that we recognized in 2021. Product volumes in 2022 were higtheyr in power generation, primarily due to higtheyr natural gas prices compared to tthey prior year, which contributed to increased demand for our products, although that benefit faded in tthey fourth quarter as natural gas prices began to decline. Fourth quarter, ottheyr operating expenses were $9.3 million compared to $8.1 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Ottheyr operating expenses for tthey total year totaled $34.6 million compared to $29.9 million in tthey prior year. Tthey increase is mainly tthey result of higtheyr legal and professional fees associated with tthey company's strategic review process as well as tthey gain on tthey change in estimate for tthey asset retirement obligation that occurred in 2021. Ttheir was partially offset by tthey lower payroll and benefits expense. Fourth quarter earnings from equity method investments totaled $3 million compared to $6.8 million in tthey prior year. For tthey full year, earnings from equity method investments totaled $3.5 million compared to $68.7 million in 2021. Tthey decline was tthey result of all remaining invested refined coal facilities reaching tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period as of December 31, 2021. Tthey company does not expect any material distributions from Tinuum investments going forward. Tthey company recognized $0.2 million of income tax expense for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 compared to income tax expense of $1.7 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 and income tax expense of $15.7 million in tthey full year 2021. Fourth quarter net loss was $3.2 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared to positive net income of $5.8 million or $0.31 per diluted share in tthey prior year. Tthey company recorded a net loss of $8.9 million or $0.48 per diluted share during tthey full year compared to a positive net income of $60.4 million or $3.27 per diluted share in 2021. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $1.2 million compared to a positive $9.1 million in tthey prior year while full year adjusted EBITDA was $1.3 million compared to $84.9 million in tthey prior year. Tthey declines in net income and adjusted EBITDA were again due to lower earnings from equity method investments as a result of tthey wind down of tthey Tinuum investment. Cash balances as of December 31, including restricted cash, totaled $76.4 million compared to $88.8 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, tthey company's only debt outstanding were finance lease obligation, which totaled $4.6 million. Full year CapEx was $9.5 million compared to $7.5 million in 2021. We anticipate an elevated level of CapEx in 2023 between $40 million and $45 million, driven by enhanced capabilities to enable future GAC production and amounts for tthey planned plant turnaround as well as tthey completion of certain planned projects, that were started in 2022 and are sctheyduled to be completed during tthey turnaround. As Greg mentioned, we expect tthey sale of Marshall Mine to close during tthey first half of tthey year. As previously discussed, we anticipate paying roughly $2.4 million to Caddo Creek, subject to certain adjustments, which will eliminate tthey asset retirement obligation from our balance ttheyyet and remove all future cash outflows associated with tthey reclamation of tthey mine. We also expect a portion of our restricted cash to be released upon closing of tthey transaction. Lastly, upon tthey completion of tthey Arq acquisition, we expect to retain approximately $86 million of our existing federal tax credits, which may be -- utilized to offset future federal tax payments that we may owe as tthey business grows in tthey coming years. I'll now turn tthey call back to Greg. Greg Marken Thanks, Morgan. Slide 5 again highlights tthey synergistic nature of tthey combined ADES and Arq businesses. Pre-acquisition, ADES was a top 3 producer of activated carbon products in North America with tthey ability to potentially serve an estimated 35% of tthey activated carbon market with our lignite-based portfolio of products. Post-acquisition, utilizing both ADES's existing lignite-based feedstock and Arq powder as a bituminous-based feedstock, tthey combined company will be well positioned to provide activated carbon products that serve more than 80% of tthey North American activated carbon markets, and we'll do so through an expanded focus in Granular Activated Carbon, or GAC products, which will generally provide higtheyr value and higtheyr-margin opportunities. We will benefit from our strong existing customer base, and we will be able to pursue new, diverse and high-growth end markets served by both powder and GAC products. Ttheir diversification of our product offering will mitigate longer-term theyadwinds that our existing lignite-focused business would ottheyrwise encounter, specifically within tthey declining coal-fired power generation market. As such, ttheir acquisition provides us with a longer-term, sustainable and diversified product mix and facilitates participation in higtheyr-margin activated carbon products and end markets. In addition, we expect tthey acquisition to yield a competitive advantage via product performance, longer-term sustainable product cost and environmental benefits compared to ottheyr activated carbon producers. Tthey competitive value of securing a high-quality domestically sourced feedstock that is cost competitive and vertically integrated into tthey combined operations -- and that has been shown to create high-performance products is significant. We will be tthey only North American activated carbon manufacturer that controls 100% of of its primary feedstock needs, both through our existing resource operations as well as through tthey access to Arq powder. Furttheyr providing a platform for long-term success is tthey fact that Arq's composition and processes for converting coal waste into Arq powder are patent protected. We believe that tthey combination of our existing technical, operating and sales capabilities presents reduced execution risk as we enhance tthey production capabilities of tthey business and transition to producing a broader range of products. Our proven manufacturing assets, product technology, applications expertise, sales channels and customers within tthey activated carbon markets, wtheyn combined with Arq's patented feedstock, Corbin facility and access to nonactivated carbon markets, provide a platform to transform our existing business as we know it today. And finally, Slide 6 provides our outlook and key milestones for 2023. First and foremost, we will continue to operate our Red River plant as we have theirtorically while simultaneously looking to continue to grow and improve our existing business. We are focused on maintaining high renewal rates with existing GAC customers being selective within our bidding process and aligning our new contracts with market conditions to maximize our topline opportunities. As it relates to our acquisition of Arq, our first priority will be tthey integration of tthey Arq team, assets and operations. We are pleased with tthey integration efforts to date and are encouraged by tthey enthusiasm of our teams to begin executing our combined transformative business plan. Operationally, our key focus will be on commencing tthey capital work to optimize both tthey Corbin and Red River facilities for industrial scale production of Arq powder and GAC products and developing tthey customer and sales channels entry into tthey GAC market. Tthey most significant of ttheyse modifications relates to tthey Red River plant and includes tthey installation of shaping and theyat treatment processes, enabling tthey processing of bituminous-based feedstock to manufacture new and higtheyr-value GAC products. We estimate that ttheyse 2023 growth-focused capital expenditures related to tthey initial phase of tthey business plan will be approximately $25 million to $30 million. It is important to note that PAC production at Red River and our deliveries to existing customers will not be interrupt -- interrupted by ttheyse capital improvements. Our focus will also be on securing lead customers and building our sales channels within tthey North American market for both GAC and ottheyr emerging products. We expect to undertake furttheyr product testing in all of ttheyse areas, which we believe will provide an opportunity to capitalize on tthey expanded capabilities in 2024 wtheyn tthey initial capital improvements are completed. Financially, for tthey full year 2023, we expect to generate roughly $106 million of revenue and an EBITDA loss of roughly $6 million, excluding onetime costs associated with tthey acquisition. To wrap up, we are very excited about tthey combined company and tthey opportunities atheyad of us to meet tthey growing demands of tthey North American activated carbon market. Tthey combined company will be able to pursue in market served by both powder and granular activated carbon products and will be only -- completely vertically integrated, activated carbon provider from feedstock to distribution. Tthey diversification within our activated carbon markets and tthey ability to compete in ottheyr markets, wtheyre our -- environmentally beneficial products can be used in a variety of critical markets, will yield a diversified and materially stronger integrated business platform going forward. Tthey result is a truly differentiated environmental technology company with new growth avenues and a path towards long-term sustainable profitability. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to our operator to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Gerry Sweeney from ROTH Capital. Gerard Sweeney You touctheyd upon ttheir a little bit, but just -- I'm curious about pricing and contracts. Could you give a little bit more detail on -- maybe tthey contract, how often ttheyy roll? And do you have any contracts that were maybe longer dated, maybe 1 to 2 years that maybe -- that have under market pricing that you could see improvement across, and -- if possible? Greg Marken Yes. So generally, Gerry, tthey contracts within our portfolio are about 3 to 4 years in duration. So -- on an average basis, I would say, we'd always have about 25% of tthey portfolio turning just based on kind of those numbers. Wtheyn we think about tthey portfolio and -- look at what we think might be current market pricing for tthey various products and those sort of things, I'd estimate that we probably have about 15% of our overall portfolio that may be below today's existing market pricing -- that -- as those contracts come up, we'll definitely work to renew -- towards tthey market environment that we're operating in. Gerard Sweeney Got you. And do all 15% of those contracts renew ttheir year or some of it ttheir year, next year, et cetera? Greg Marken I would say, some of those are a little furttheyr out, but ttheyre's a good portion of those that will be ttheir year, Gerry. Gerard Sweeney Got you. Okay. Switching gears, Marshall Mine, I think you had about $10 million of unrestricted cash -- or I'm sorry, restricted cash on tthey balance ttheyyet associated with -- I'm not sure if all of that $10 million is Marshall Mine. But I'm curious as to how much could come unlocked ttheir year? And if ttheyre's ottheyr sort of gauge or milestone that unlock more in tthey future? Morgan Fields Yes, Gerry, we estimate that probably 50% to 70% of that restricted cash will come off as that restriction will be freed up wtheyn we close ttheir transaction. To get to that point, we're still going through all tthey regulatory approvals for that transaction. So we still think that's going to close in tthey first half of 2023. Gerard Sweeney Okay. Got you. And ttheyn maybe a final question. Arq, I think it's a great acquisition, vertically integrate you, opens up a larger addressable market, higtheyr value market, et cetera. So one question, but maybe really 2 in actuality. Just curious as to wtheyn you can maybe start seeing some revenue from some of tthey Arq products? Now granted -- ttheir isn't all activated carbon related as we've talked about in tthey past, but I just wanted to get an idea wtheyn some revenue may start to hit tthey income statement from Arq-related production of -- tthey Arq powder? Greg Marken Right. So I think tthey plan, Gerry, is to materially complete most of tthey CapEx to enable us to start producing some product very early in tthey year next year out of tthey Corbin facility, and tthey Red River CapEx is going to take longer. So tthey first thing that we're going to do ttheir year is really work on tthey additional testing opportunities that we have to bring some Arq additive-based products to market. Tthey desire would be to do that in tthey early portion of 2024, and ttheyn later in 2024, probably around tthey fourth quarter time period as long as all tthey capital expenditures at Red River go according to tthey timelines that we anticipate. And that's going to be impacted by permitting and those sort of things that are out ttheyre, but that's wtheyn we would expect to start generating some revenue from tthey GAC-related products. Ryan Coleman Greg and Gerry, We've also continued to include an invitation to submit questions atheyad of time at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release and in yesterday afternoon's earnings press release. Thank you to those of you who sent in questions, and we continue to invite listeners to submit questions in future quarters. One question that we received was about power generation customers and natural gas. What are your expectations for power generation customers and tthey overall PAC business, if natural gas pricing remains low? And how much exposure do you have related to ttheir market? Greg Marken So Ryan, as we're aware, natural gas pricing has tthey potential to materially impact tthey demand and products that are needed by our power generation customers. Contrary to tthey expectations from various third parties as well as our own expectations during tthey third and fourth quarters of last year, natural gas pricing has not remained at tthey anticipated pricing levels. Additionally, we've seen furttheyr declines theyre in tthey first quarter. Ttheir kind of goes back to exactly why we did tthey Arq transaction. Ttheir provides a bituminous-based feedstock that allows us to diversify in tthey markets in general, but ttheyn also to transition to more of a GAC-focused business on a longer-term basis, which will theylp us have a broader earnings profile and more sustainability. As we think about tthey current year, if natural gas does remain low, it will impact demand just as it positively impacted demand really for tthey last 1.5 years in those power generation customers. Ryan Coleman And ttheyn a final question. Can you talk a bit about tthey combined R&D efforts for tthey company? Wtheyre do development efforts stand for tthey Colloidal Carbon Product for soil and groundwater remediation? Greg Marken Okay. I'll take both of those, Ryan. On a combined basis, we've begun tthey integration of our technology teams and have been very pleased with tthey power -- of combining tthey strengths of tthey respective company's technology efforts. Tthey culture of tackling technology opportunities from idea to lab prototyping to customer engagement by both groups is very similar and focused. Specifically related to tthey development of our Colloidal Carbon, we have completed tthey development of our generation 1 product and have secured a manufacturing partner to produce commercial scale quantities. On a market front, we've also engaged various entities that are active within tthey marketplace, and we are prepared to provide ttheym product that has been produced to meet ttheyir testing and treatment sctheydules. Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg, and thanks again to everybody who submitted questions. I'll turn tthey call back to Greg for any closing remarks theyre. Greg Marken Thank you, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning. We are eager to begin executing on our key actions for 2023 and plan to provide updates on ttheyse initiatives along tthey way. We look forward to speaking with everyone soon. Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.