Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADES) Q1 2022 Results Conference Call May 10, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Coleman - IR Greg Marken - CEO, President & Treasurer Morgan Fields - CAO Operator Hello and welcome to tthey Advanced Emissions Solutions First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Bradley and I will be coordinating your call today. I would now hand you over to our host, Ryan Coleman, with Investor Relations to begin. Ryan, please go atheyad. Ryan Coleman Thank you, Bradley, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our first quarter 2022 earnings results call. With me on tthey call today are Greg Marken, Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer; as well as Morgan Fields, Chief Accounting Officer. Ttheir conference call is being webcasted live within tthey Investors section our website and downloadable version of today's presentation is available ttheyre as well. A webcast replay will also be available on our site and you can contact Alpha IR Group for Investor Relations support at (312) 445-2870. Let me remind you that tthey presentation and remarks made today includes forward-looking statements as defined in Section 21E of tthey Securities Exchange Act. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance and business prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified on Slide 2 of today's slide presentation, in our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as expressly required by securities laws, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update those factors or any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, developments or exchange circumstances or for any ottheyr reason.  In addition, it is especially important to review tthey presentation and today's remarks in conjunction with tthey GAAP references in tthey financial statements. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Greg. Greg Marken Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. Before we discuss our results, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone listening that as of December 31, 2021, all of tthey remaining refined coal facilities reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir respective tax credit generation periods. As a result, we will no longer have separate reportable segments for our investments with Tinuum Group and Tinuum Services, and I will -- and will only report our results on a consolidated basis going forward. Turning to our first quarter highlights on Slide 3, demand for our activated carbon technologies remained strong throughout tthey first quarter supported by both macroeconomic and industry factors. Sales of consumable products were $26.4 million, which reflects year-over-year growth of 42%. Our gross margin was 18.5% compared to 24.6% in tthey prior year, as tthey need to supplement production with third-party sources of activated carbon to meet customer demand increases our average product cost, as tthey average cost of third-party activated carbon purchases is higtheyr than tthey cost of producing comparable products in-house. We recorded a net loss for tthey period of $3 million, compared to net income of $13.7 million in tthey prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was 0.9 million compared to 26.1 million on a year-over-year basis. Tthey declines in both earnings and adjusted EBITDA are most materially tthey direct result of our reduced distributions and earnings from Tinuum Group and Tinuum Services compared to tthey prior year due to tthey wind down of our former refined coal segment. Tinuum’s first quarter 2022 distributions to ADES totaled 2.5 million, which was in line with our expectations. With strong capacity utilization and our operating facilities, we continue to source supplemental inventory from third parties to meet sustained customer demand. Importantly, production volume and our Red River Plant exceeded our internal expectations for tthey quarter, allowing us to increase inventory levels within tthey quarter as we prepare for tthey seasonally strong upcoming summer months.  As a result, we are feeling incrementally more comfortable with our inventory position and our ability to more efficiently meet customer obligations. However, we do anticipate general inventory tightness and supply chain challenges to remain in effect throughout 2022. And we expect ttheyse cost pressures to continue to impact margins for tthey remainder of tthey year. We are working to offset ttheyse cost pressures through price increases related to our consumable products previously announced over tthey past 12 months. We have maintained high renewal rates on current contracts and we have been pleased with our ability to negotiate more favorable contractual terms as those contracts have come up for renewal, or as new business opportunities are pursued.  As a result, we have seen our average selling price trend higtheyr over tthey past few quarters, which is partially offsetting cost pressures related to areas such as inventory and logistics. Tthey more holistic structural changes that we are making to our commercial contracts, including improved pricing, take-or-pay obligations, increased lead times and volume projections, will better position tthey company for long-term success. However, as we discussed in March, tthey turnover of our contractual portfolio would generally occur over tthey course of three to four years, based on general contract [regulations] within our customer base.  Regarding our capital allocation, our priority remains tthey organic investment in our manufacturing capabilities to ensure production, improving tthey operating profile of our manufacturing assets and fulfilling customer obligations. We ended tthey first quarter with a cash balance including restricted cash of $89.8 million and our only remaining debt outstanding or finance lease liabilities, totaling $3.9 million.  As it relates to our strategic review, we remain pleased with tthey ongoing progress to evaluate opportunities available to us to maximize shareholder value. We have stated since day one that ttheyre is no timetable for tthey conclusion of ttheir process and that its continuation has in no way impeded our day-to-day operations, or attracted from our focus on enhancing tthey long-term profitability of our Red River Plant. We are encouraged with wtheyre tthey process currently stands and we'll provide updates as appropriate going forward.  Turning to our outlook for tthey remainder of 2022. We expect our top line to remain strong, as demand for our activated carbon technologies has been robust and we continue to improve our overall contractual terms on contracts. As stated previously, our margins are expected to remain under pressure due to tight inventory conditions and tthey anticipated full year impact of incremental carbon purchases to supplement inventory, as well as broader supply chain challenges that are applying upward pressure on costs related to transportation and freight, as well as ottheyr necessary product inputs.  As I mentioned, we continue to seek to offset ttheyse pressures through overall improvements in commercial terms, product mix optimization, and top grading our overall customer mix. Our inventory position has improved incrementally and we are cautiously optimistic in our ability to realize furttheyr improvements in tthey coming quarters.  Lastly, we expect to collect net after tax cash flows from Tinuum of between $0.5 million to $1 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Tinuum is currently in tthey process of winding down its business as tthey end of tthey Section 45 tax credit generation period occurred at tthey end of 2021. Utilities that had previously leveraged tthey production tax credits to meet emission standards are transition to ottheyr methods of meeting requisite emissions limits. While ttheyse refined fuel facilities have reactheyd tthey end of ttheyir tax credit generation period, many will remain in place and some may be utilized for tthey application of our front-end ctheymistry to feedstock coal. A number of ttheyse utility customers have already begun to purchase our front-end technology or activated carbon products, which will theylp to drive incremental revenue and margin on a go forward basis. We continue to transition ttheyse customers to our front-end technology and activated carbon products and our solutions are competitive. No previous Tinuum customers that continue to utilize a front-end solution or lost during tthey transition from refined coal. As such, we are pleased with our progress to date in tthey adoption of our products. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Morgan to review our first quarter financial performance in greater detail. Morgan Fields Thank you, Greg. Slide 4 provides a snapshot of our first quarter financial performance. First quarter revenues and cost of revenues were $26.4 million and $21.5 million, respectively, compared to 22.6 million and 14 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey increase in revenue was tthey result of a $7.9 million increase in tthey sales of consumable products, which more than offset tthey revenue benefit of $4.1 million in prior year royalty earnings from tthey former refined coal segment. We collected our final royalty payment during tthey first quarter of 2022 related to royalties earned in tthey fourth quarter of 2021.  First quarter ottheyr operating expenses were 8.2 million, compared to 8.3 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey decline was primarily tthey result of lower depreciation and amortization expense, which was partially offset by higtheyr payroll and benefits as well as higtheyr legal and professional fees generally related to tthey strategic process. First quarter earnings from equity method investments were 0.8 million compared to 18.3 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey decrease in earnings from equity method investments is tthey result of all remaining invested refined coal facilities reaching tthey end of ttheyir tax generation period as of December 31, 2021. First quarter interest expense was $0.1 million, compared to $0.8 million in tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey decrease in interest expense was primarily driven by tthey full repayment of tthey company's senior term loan during tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey company did not recognize income tax benefit or expense for tthey first quarter of 2022 compared to income tax expense of $4.5 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey company reported a net loss of $3 million for tthey first quarter of 2022 compared to net income of 13.7 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey change was primarily driven by lower earnings from equity method investments as a result of tthey wind down of tthey Tinuum investments.  First quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was 0.9 million, compared to 26.1 million in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease in adjusted EBITDA was primarily tthey result of a decline in earnings from tthey former RC segment related to our Tinuum investments, which contributed 27.2 million of adjusted EBITDA during tthey first quarter of 2021.  As of March 31, 2022, our cash balances including restricted cash totaled $89.8 million, an increase of $1 million compared to tthey prior year. Tthey restricted cash stems from our surety bond and tthey requirement to post collateral of $10 million for tthey obligations due under tthey reclamation contract related to tthey mine in Marshall, Texas. Tthey company's only debt outstanding are finance lease obligations, which totaled $3.9 million as of tthey end of tthey quarter.  Our total obligation related to reclamation activities for tthey Marshall and Five Forks mines, currently stands at $8.3 million. Reclamation activity at tthey Marshall Mine remains atheyad of sctheydule, and as a result, we have attained cumulative savings to date of approximately $2.7 million. Additionally, due to Norit’s change of control occurring in tthey first quarter, we collected $10.6 million of reimbursements related to Norit share of tthey Marshall Mine reclamation costs, shared capital payments and ottheyr amounts owed from Norit to a third-party.  And now I will turn tthey call back over to Greg. Greg Marken  Thank you, Morgan. Slide 5 reflects tthey activated carbon growth channels and market opportunities we have been discussing wtheyre we are eittheyr currently active or have identified future growth opportunities. Historically, we have been tthey North American provider of choice in tthey mercury removal market related to power generation. Today we possess a much more diversified commercial in market mix after considerable time and effort, growing and expanding our commercial and technical relationships and conducting product tests with new potential customers in tthey industrial and water markets.  We remain fully committed to our business partners and will continue to invest in expanding and furttheyr developing ttheyse relationships. Our team continues to build upon tthey progress in ttheyse adjacent markets, which are also subject to regulatory compliance thresholds and purification standards. We also continue to see strong customer interests in ottheyr growing market opportunities, utilizing both existing and developing product technologies and capabilities that may provide earnings opportunities in areas wtheyre tthey legacy carbon solutions business had not previously competed. Emerging areas may provide ttheyse additional opportunities which includes our testing within tthey groundwater remediation market. We remain excited about ttheir opportunity given our progress to date.  Market conditions over tthey past three years have proven tthey best-in-class nature of our assets, and have allowed us to manage industry theyadwinds better than most ottheyr producers. We are an expect to continue to be a leading provider of choice for ttheyse activated carbon technologies, and believe our strong financial position and superior assets have as well positioned going forward. For tthey full year 2022, we expect our consumables revenue to be comparable with 2021 with tthey potential for incremental growth, as high demand for our power generation customers continues and as we continue to see an overall improvement in customer and product mix.  And finally, slide 9 outlines our priorities for 2022. Our first priority is to ensure tthey long-term profitability of our Red River Plant and manufacturing operations. We will do ttheir by continuing to optimize our highly efficient low cost and world class manufacturing facilities. Ttheir includes driving high utilization rates and optimizing product mix to furttheyr enhance tthey long-term profitability. Additionally, we will work to enhance our customer mix and structurally upgrade our customer contract terms. Ttheir will involve ongoing improvement to pricing as well as expanding volume commitments and protections which will allow us to offset theyadwinds, we may face relating to building back inventory levels and overall supply chain challenges. Aside from our core focus within tthey activated carbon markets we have theirtorically served, we will also work to accelerate tthey progress we made in 2021, and look to furttheyr diversify product and customer mix through ongoing investment and new product development. Lastly, we will remain vigilant for additional rationalization opportunities and supply agreements to improve our overall market share. Our second priority is to allocate our cash flows and assets to drive shareholder value. We will invest organically to enhance tthey operating profile of Red River and we will work to seek a conclusion to our strategic alternatives review that maximizes shareholder value. With that, I will turn tthey call back over to Ryan to move us to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session  A - Ryan Coleman Thanks, Greg. Similar to past quarters, we included an invitation to submit questions atheyad of time at tthey bottom of tthey conference call announcement press release as well as yesterday afternoon’s earnings press release. Thank you to those of you who continue to sending your questions and we invite all listeners to submit ttheyir questions going forward.  Our first question, wtheyn would you expect outsourcing of activated carbon from third parties to end and is ttheyre anything ADES can do to grow capacity in tthey meantime? Greg Marken  We expect to continue to purchase carbons from third parties at higtheyr levels throughout tthey remainder of 2022. Wtheyn compared to theirtorical periods. We will continue to evaluate market conditions, normalized inventory levels and internal production capabilities as we plan for 2023, which will theylp us estimate tthey required levels of third-party sourcing that will likely be needed going forward. As it relates to growing capacity, we continue to work to improve and optimize tthey Red River facility production capabilities, and have seen volume improvements during Q1 of 2022 that have allowed us to increase our inventory levels while meeting current demand. We will continue to optimize our plant operations in order to realize higtheyr production capacities through tthey remainder of tthey year into tthey future. Ryan Coleman Our second question, is ttheyre cost sharing with Cabot for obtaining tthey potentially high cost outsource product? And is ttheyre anything related to Cabot’s changing control that could alter tthey terms of tthey master supply agreement? Greg Marken  Each year tthey prices for tthey products sold to Norit, formerly known as Cabot are reevaluated and adjusted for tthey following year, based on anticipated volumes, tthey impacts of such volumes on product mix manufacturing and related production costs. Regarding tthey second part of tthey question, aside from tthey applicable change control payments that have occurred during tthey first quarter of 2022, which were contemplated wtheyn tthey master supply agreement was originally executed, we continue to operate under tthey terms of tthey master supply agreement as written as we were required to fulfill our obligations to Norit. Ryan Coleman And our third question, it's now been one year since tthey strategic review announcement with no public updates. Is ttheyre anything that you can offer investors on tthey direction of tthey strategic review process? Greg Marken  It's a great question. While we are certainly sympattheytic to investor's desire for more detail regarding tthey status of our strategic review. We are also very appreciative of ttheyir patience. It has always been our desire and intention to provide updates as appropriate and required by public company regulations. That being said, we have no timeline for tthey process’s ultimate conclusion. It is very difficult to predict tthey timing or tthey evolution of a process like ttheir, given tthey sensitivity of tthey discussions involved, as well as tthey need to preserve certain confidentialities. While tthey process has drawn out, tthey fact remains that we are pleased with wtheyre things stand within tthey process and are hopeful that we can provide an update soon. Despite tthey duration of tthey process, it has not detracted from our ability to run tthey business, as demonstrated by tthey results and operational improvements achieved within tthey business during ttheir past year. Ryan Coleman Thank you, Greg. And thanks again to everyone who submitted ttheyir questions. I'll turn tthey call back over to Greg for closing remarks. Greg Marken  Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call ttheir morning, and for your continued support. We look forward to updating everyone next quarter.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.