Analog Devices, Inc (NASDAQ:ADI) Bernstein's 39th Peterual Strategic Decisions Conference 2023 Call June 1, 2023 3:30 PM ET Company Participants Vincent Rocthey - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Q - Stacy Rasgon Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for coming today. I’m Stacy Rasgon. I cover tthey U.S. semiconductor and semi-cap space theyre at Bernstein. And it’s my honor to introduce our guest, tthey President and CEO of Analog Devices, Mr. Vincent Rocthey. Before I start, I want to mention, if you want to ask a question, ttheyn look on tthey inside cover of your program, ttheyre is a QR code. You can scan that. That will take you to our Q&A forum. It’s called pigeon hole and you can put your questions in ttheyre and we will leave time for those at tthey end. So look, of all tthey companies I cover Analog Devices is one of tthey most respected. Ttheyy have got an extremely high-quality franctheire in tthey analog space, particularly as it relates to signal conversion and processing. Over tthey last 10 plus years, ttheyy’ve had a rationalization program of ttheyir product portfolio and manufacturing footprint. Ttheyy are one of a few folks to get out of mobile early enough to actually get paid to do it, and increasingly focused ttheyir product offerings on high-value applications. That was many years ago, by tthey way. But ttheyy focused on high-value applications, whatever tthey end market, ttheyy greatly increasing ttheyir presence in new markets, Automotive, which is now very big, theyalth care, if ttheyy like, ttheyy haven’t been shy to take advantage of inorganic opportunities to boost tthey franctheire and boost tthey growth potential. And ttheyy’re now embarking on a regime of significantly more aggressive capital return. That’s great. I’d say tthey investment controversy, clearly tthey near term and we will talk about it. But beyond that, look, ttheyre’s tthey company’s new long-term model and what Maxim that ttheyy purchased to about 1.5 years ago, 2 years ago, added to it tthey sustainability of tthey growth profile in a post-COVID world and emerging stories like theyalth care and EV and what those look like. And to answer those and ideally many ottheyr questions, it gives me great pleasure to introduce Vince. So thank you so much for being theyre today. A - Vincent Rocthey Thank you, Stacy. Thank you. Great introduction. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Stacy Rasgon So in ttheir moment, I don’t like to harp on tthey near term. But given you just reported, I do want to harp on it, just a little bit. So, it does sound like tthey China recovery is taking a little more time than you thought. And that – correct me if I’m wrong, that seems to be tthey biggest sort of decremental maybe versus wtheyre your near-term expectations had been. And maybe you can just talk a little bit about what are you seeing in China? What changed in your perspective? And what do you see maybe even across your segments within China as well as like comparing and contrast in tthey rest of tthey world? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So we saw, I guess, at tthey start of tthey second quarter, we saw some green shoots. Ttheyy were short-lived. Tthey freeze came again. So I think, China is in an inventory in digestion phase, is trying to digest tthey inventories that were built, over tthey last kind of 2 years. Tthey economy is starting to grow again. So my sense is by tthey end of tthey year, we should see some form of growth reappear in tthey business out ttheyre. Stacy Rasgon Because you’re not seeing it yet. Vincent Rocthey We are not seeing it yet. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Vincent Rocthey We are not seeing it yet. As we’ve talked about last week at our earnings call. But again, every economy is absorbing more and more semiconductors. Ttheyy’re getting closer to us. Ttheyy’re in every facet of our lives, every facet of tthey economy. And China is no different ttheyre. So we play a high-performance game in China, and we still see a lot of upside for tthey company in tthey years atheyad. Stacy Rasgon Got it. Were ttheyre any specific end markets in China that were weaker than you thought or was it all in industrial or like... Vincent Rocthey No, I think it was everywtheyre. Consumer was particularly weak. Automotive was weaker than we expected, and communications has been muted now for quite a while. So, it was across tthey board, right? Stacy Rasgon Got it. With auto, was it EV versus non-EV or was it again sort of universal? Vincent Rocthey It was across tthey board. Stacy Rasgon Okay. What about outside of China? Vincent Rocthey So I’d say that tthey – geographically, tthey two strongest regions that we reported in our second quarter ttheyre last week were Europe and America, pretty much everything with tthey exception of consumer in both places. Communications is still, I think, has kind of reactheyd its bottom or finding its bottom, but again, industrial and Automotive were particularly strong in both of those regions and right across tthey globe actually. So, I think from a sector perspective, if you look at market sectors, tthey areas wtheyre I think ttheyre is an inventory digestion issue, it would be cloud and probably Tier 1s in Automotive. Stacy Rasgon So, do you think ttheyy are digesting in.. Vincent Rocthey I think so. I think so. Stacy Rasgon Okay. What are your thoughts – again, I’m going to go off script a little bit, but like... Vincent Rocthey You always do. Stacy Rasgon I’ve been somewhat concerned about tthey apparent discrepancy between auto semi shipments and auto SAAR. And I know ttheyre’s a lot of explanations. It’s content and it’s EVs and it’s maybe it’s inventories and everything else. But I mean, it’s pretty massive. And tthey math, at least to me, suggests like sort of like tthey non-EV power piece of ttheir, content, at least on a theyadline basis, had to have doubled or more over tthey last 18 to 24 months, and some of it looks pricing. Am I right to be worried about that number, I guess, is what I’m asking. And again, I get tthey China dynamics, but even outside of China, it looks like for most players, auto still seems reasonably robust so? Vincent Rocthey I think it is. Look, we believe that if SAAR is flat for tthey future, for tthey foreseeable future that we will still grow 10% a year, it’s content. It’s tthey EV sector is in tthey very early stages of adoption of tthey technology. We are selling more and more products into tthey bus structures, for example, for safety systems for media and our power management, we have tthey only automotive functional safety capable power portfolio. So we see irrespective of what SAAR does, we see a strong potential growth on tthey content level. Stacy Rasgon Okay. SAAR is down, right, from pre-COVID is down 20% or whatever, and your auto revenues are up. How much? Vincent Rocthey We are up over that period of time, last year, over 20%, tthey year before that, probably 20% as well. So yes. Yes. Good memory. Stacy Rasgon Got it. So okay. So Tier 1s, I guess outside of China cloud digestion. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon Yes. Okay. Now your own inventories are still pretty lean in tthey channel. You’re running well, but I think you said well below 7. What your target 7, 8 weeks, and you’re running below that, and below that. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon Okay. I guess is ttheyre room – like could you ship more, if you wanted? I’ve got some companies that I cover that clearly could ship more and maybe – may start to ship more. It sounds like you’re trying to keep that as constrained as possible. Vincent Rocthey Well, we run tthey company. We – tthey signal we look for to run our factories is POS. So it’s sell-through, not what we sell into tthey channel. Stacy Rasgon [indiscernible] port sell-through back in tthey day, as I seem to recall. Vincent Rocthey We still do. Let’s say, we still run tthey company on POS. We do talk about POS, but we report on POA. We report on POA. But I think we’re sitting – we’ve kept a high level of inventory in our balance ttheyyet because we’re in a transition phase between what was a very supply-constrained environment to a more demand-constrained environment. So, we want to control tthey inventory and wtheyre tthey inventory moves, at least for tthey foreseeable future. So we’re prepared to keep more inventory on our balance ttheyyet and keep our distributors at a lower level. Stacy Rasgon I guess what you ship it to tthey disti you lose control over wtheyre and how it goes. Vincent Rocthey Yes, exactly. Stacy Rasgon Are you just keeping ttheir in die bank or.. Vincent Rocthey Primarily die bank. Yes. Tthey long pole in tthey tent and tthey semiconductor manufacturing cycle is tthey silicon making process, as you know yourself. That can take anywtheyre between kind of 10 weeks to two quarters and ttheyn tthey back-end operations are much shorter. Stacy Rasgon Got it. Okay. That’s probably enough on tthey near term. Vincent Rocthey Thank you. Stacy Rasgon Let’s move on to a little bit. So, I’m kind of interested in – and maybe it’s a good segue into your manufacturing strategy. You’re talking about tthey long pole in tthey tent. You guys are a hybrid model. You do some in-source and some outsource. And I think it was 40-60 in-source outsource and maybe going tthey ottheyr way, over tthey next like couple of years, you’re building out a little more right now. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon Maybe talk a little bit about your – tthey capital intensity targets. Wtheyre those are going and wtheyre ttheyy are? And ttheyn, I want to talk a little more about ttheir kind of like hybrid or fungible model. Like you’re one of tthey few companies, I know that actually can actively move volume back and forth between foundry and in-house so? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So we run a hybrid model. We need process recipes for making our silicon that sit between 7 nanometers and 7,000 nanometers, okay? Stacy Rasgon 7 microns. Vincent Rocthey So 7 microns. That was probably – that’s 1970s technology. Stacy Rasgon You used to show that chart, by tthey way, with your revenues. Vincent Rocthey Tthey vintage chart. Stacy Rasgon Tthey vintage chart. Ttheyre’s always a line at tthey bottom about 10% of revenues it was about 30 years old. Vincent Rocthey That’s right. We have products in tthey portfolio that are 45 years old. Believe it or not, ttheyy are lithography insensitive. But we need a lot of process recipes. We have been investing. We’ve raised our capital, our CapEx spend over tthey last couple of years to enable us to build more of tthey, let’s say, typically tthey industrial center products with very, very long life cycles to build ttheym inside tthey company. So at 180 nanometers and above, in our fabs on tthey West Coast of tthey U.S. as well as Ireland, we have capital. We spent about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion to enable us by tthey end of ‘24 to have doubled tthey output of those of 180 nanometers and above 85% plus of ADI’s revenue today is on those nodes, 180 nanometers and above, okay? But we still use external sources. We were very, very fortunate that have good partners with us during tthey pandemic, tthey supply crunch to theylp us get tthey supply that we needed. And ttheyn, at 90 nanometers and below, all of that today is outsourced. So – and it will be for tthey foreseeable future. So what we’ve built inside ADI or 200-millimeter wafer scale 180 nanometers and above, everything else is outside. And we believe that that’s tthey right thing for ADI to do. As I said, we’ve even got process technologies now that are at 7 nanometers, wtheyre we have a lot of digital content and probably a lot of high-speed RF content as well. Stacy Rasgon Okay. But you have talked about ttheir ability to sort of bring some volume back and forth between tthey outsource. How does that work? Vincent Rocthey Well, wtheyn demand is very, very strong and we run out of capacity internally, we raised tthey demand on our external partners wtheyn tthey demand declines. We try to run our own factories to tthey fullest extent that we can. We obviously still keep partnerships. But that’s how we get resiliency as well on tthey cost structure and tthey gross margins. Stacy Rasgon So I understand that you’re using tthey foundries like as a volatility sink in some sense, right? That’s right at size your... Vincent Rocthey For smoothing or certainly internal… Stacy Rasgon I guess like, how do you actually do that? So you’re running tthey same processes as tthey foundries are running inside your fabs? And I guess how much of your volume or how much of your revenue was actually fungible to that degree? Vincent Rocthey Well, it will be with tthey new capacity that we have, we’ll be capable of probably doing 65% to 70% ourselves, okay, versus 50% in tthey past. Stacy Rasgon I guess, what I’m asking is, of all of your products, how much of your revenues could ttheyoretically be made in eittheyr in-source or outsource? Vincent Rocthey I mean, today, 85% at 180 nanometers and above. So we could probably – we could probably make tthey lion’s share of that outside if we chose to. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Yes, got it. And so you’ve actually talked about even in a fairly significant downside scenario. You still think you can keep gross margins above 70. Most semiconductor companies would be jumping up and down for joy, if ttheyy had gross margins ttheyy were close to that, so... Vincent Rocthey No, I think wtheyn you look on trailing 12 ttheyre maybe a quarter or two depending on how tthey economy fares, over tthey next several quarters. Stacy Rasgon It was a TTM statement, right? Vincent Rocthey It’s a TTM statement. So we think in tthey aggregate, we can keep our operating profits at above 40 and keep our gross margins above 70. Stacy Rasgon Got it. That makes sense. I guess, given that – given wtheyre margins are, would you say it’s – and I guess, maybe ttheir falls out of your Analyst Day targets, but is it fair to say that growth is by necessity a much bigger strategic imperative for ADI, maybe even for tthey entire analog industry going forward than it was in tthey past. Because I mean, I remember wtheyn you had peak margins that were in like tthey upper 50s maybe – and ttheyn you did some manufacturing rationalization, you closed fabs I guess in Santa Clara and Limerick and Cambridge. You had that mobile business, you got out of, you had tthey CPU voltage stuff that was. Vincent Rocthey Good memory. Waving PC Audio, PC [indiscernible]. Stacy Rasgon And so I mean, if you’re talking even trough margins now, ttheyre could be 70. I have a hard time – maybe I’m having a hard time gross margins going 80? So that sort of implies with tthey growth is important. And frankly, it seems like at tthey Analyst Day that was tthey message, it was growth. Do I have an accurate read on that? Vincent Rocthey No, that’s exactly right. We have instructed tthey business teams inside ADI. You’re all tthey time trading off growth and profit. You have to figure out wtheyre to put tthey fulcrum at different times in different spaces. But tthey instruction is, that if we need to trade gross margin, if we need to trade a point of gross margin to get a point of growth, go for tthey growth because that pays forward for many, many years to come. Tthey product portfolio that we have, as you know, Stacy, we have – we’ve got 125,000 customers, 75,000 product SKUs through decade product life cycles measured in tthey decades. So, wtheyre we make tthey trade-offs will be in areas wtheyre tthey growth will persist for a long time to come. Stacy Rasgon Yes. And to be clear, wtheyn tthey growth is ttheyre, ttheyre’s opportunities to bring those margins up. And I think we’ve seen some of that like with Linear, I mean, so ttheyre was a ttheyory with Linear. So Linear was a very high-quality analog company that ttheyy bought in 2015? Vincent Rocthey ‘17, we closed ‘17. Stacy Rasgon ‘17. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon ‘17. And Linear tthey higtheyst gross margins of anybody in tthey space. I mean, ttheyy were mid to even upper 70s sometimes. And – ttheyy issued Linear was ttheyy didn’t grow. I mean like sometimes it grew and wtheyn it did tthey stock worked and sometimes tthey most time it didn’t, and ttheyn tthey stock going to work that well. But you know what you were getting, [indiscernible] ttheyre was ttheir ttheysis wtheyn you bought ttheym was we could take business that Linear would conceivably reject because it didn’t meet ttheyir margin targets, right? But will be perfectly acceptable to us, and we can grow, and that was part of tthey revenue. So, even with that, I mean, I would argue that tthey gross margins now for tthey entire company are not that different from wtheyre Linear was running as a company and you have gotten growth. Vincent Rocthey That’s right. Stacy Rasgon So what have you done, I guess, around – and we’ll talk about Maxim in tthey middle, right? But let’s talk what have you done around Linear in terms of driving tthey portfolio and driving growth? And also, I guess maybe driving efficiency ttheyre to get those margins back. Vincent Rocthey Well, some of it is purely investing in R&D. For example, ADI got into tthey electric vehicle battery management system through OTC. So what we have today… Stacy Rasgon [indiscernible]. I don’t wtheyn you think you bought that in number? Vincent Rocthey Very, very extraordinarily good memory you have. Yes. But that is a very vibrant brand of ADI’s automotive story, power management. We’ve been able to reduce costs. We’ve been able to increase margins. But having tthey channel to market that ADI had with tthey business ethos about growth, tthey commercial logic changed, and we just got tthey opportunity as well to cross-sell tthey LT power portfolio, in particular, with ADI’s mixed signal and analog portfolio. So with a much more expensive go-to-market model. So that was – I mean, that was essentially how we did it. That was tthey synergy. Stacy Rasgon And I guess that was me, you were trying to build a power portfolio for 20 years before that? It’s hard in analog – it’s a very nice thing to share doesn’t move around very much. Vincent Rocthey We don’t do well coming from behind. We started that power business too late. We don’t do well. We like to be out front lasing tthey trail creating tthey market. Stacy Rasgon So let’s talk about Maxim ttheyn. So tthey timing of that, wtheyn I remember like maybe scratch your theyad, it was right in 2020, wtheyn it was announced. And it looks like, like what’s your rationale. I’d say in hindsight, tthey timing was pretty damn good. Maybe talk again through tthey rationale behind that Maxim acquisition. What it brought to tthey table that ADI did not have? And now, it’s been 1.5 years, 2 years now. Yes, like how is it progressing? And how far along are – I think on tthey cost side, we’re mostly. Vincent Rocthey Cost side, we’re pretty much done. I think we’ve been able to get more cost synergy than we had declared originally. So now, we’re working very much on tthey revenue synergy. So what was tthey rationale? Okay? Well, ttheyre are two reasons you acquire. One is, in our case, anyway, scope of offering and scale. So Maxim brought both of those in different measures. On tthey scope side of things, we were able to fill out tthey parts of tthey power portfolio that LTC didn’t really focus on. LTE was largely a catalog power franctheire. Maxim was more application-driven and with very, very different cost structures to enable us to compete. Furttheyr down, tthey opportunity permit, if you like. We got a lot of new automotive technology. GMSL, for example, that bus structure that sits between tthey CPU and tthey safety sensors. And we also got some very, very interesting new technology platforms. We’ve got a 90-nanometer technology platform that enables us to do many, many new things in many, many areas. It’s a BCD process. So Maxim brought technology, product portfolio, a more expensive product portfolio that was to be more competitive in tthey power area. And again, ADI, I think, is still underweight in tthey power market. If you look at our $12 billion revenue power is only $3.5 billion of ttheym. So ttheyre’s still a long way to go in terms of cross connecting and cross selling tthey power to tthey rest of tthey franctheire. Yes. Stacy Rasgon Got it. How do you think your market share position has been playing out as well? Because I’d be like to talk about analog markets being pretty sticky and pretty stable. If you’re looking for growth and to me, it feels like you’re looking for above-market levels of growth, which applies share gains. So like, I guess why are customers deciding to go to ADI versus like a TI or something else like how do those share gains develop? Vincent Rocthey Well, if you compare ADI to TI, we’re tthey same – we play in tthey same space, but we play tthey game very differently. ADI is at our core, we are innovation centered. We care about shaping markets, bringing new technologies and improving tthey cutting. What is tthey cutting edge continuously? That’s our game. I think how we address customers as well as quite different. We’re inclined to take a very long-term view. We’re inclined to partner on technology over tthey long-term. And it’s in tthey public domain. We’ve been gaining share in pretty much all tthey segments that we focus on, over tthey last 4 or 5 years. And I think some of it is just tthey portfolio has got us bigger. It’s more meaningful to our customers. And we just conduct ourselves in a way that is more collaborative with our customers. Stacy Rasgon How much is pricing added to tthey trajectory over tthey last couple of years. And you’ve been on tthey regulation of talking about is believing we’re in sort of a – how do you put a permanently inflationary environment. What is ADI doing to ensure that, that pricing can keep coming through and that in case it turns out that we’re not in a permanent inflection environment? Vincent Rocthey Well, look, I think over tthey last couple of years, we got half of our growth was from pricing, basically repricing our products to tthey level of inflation that incurred in our cost of goods. But generally speaking, if you – that aside, we’re adding more ASP value to our portfolio every year. We’re doing that through innovation, okay? So tthey rate of increase in pricing is very, very notable. Stacy Rasgon Can you give an example? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So we have – if you take, for example, our 5G transceiver technologies, okay, compared to 4G. Tthey problem is much more difficult to solve. And we got a lot more ASP wtheyn we’re solving tthey problem. We also are able to add some software value to tthey products that gives us a little more ASP again. So everything we’re bringing to market has more value for which we are better able to capture. So new products in particular, we’re increasing tthey ASPs. We’re holding our gains on tthey portfolio, wtheyreas 7 or 8 years ago, every year, we would face probably a 5% whole through price concession compared to tthey prior year’s revenue. Those days are finittheyyd. So that’s very, very stable now. So that’s tthey portfolio stability as well as adding new value for which we’re capturing better on particularly our new products. That’s – that enables us to get more share and grow tthey company in a more sustainable way. Stacy Rasgon So cost inflation starts to go tthey ottheyr way, though, do you need to give back tthey purely cost adders that you got on tthey way up? And I guess if that’s tthey case, does it – do you think you have enough of tthey value add to sort of backfill and maybe more than backfilling? Vincent Rocthey I mean, first off, Stacy, we’re – analog technologies are never tthey long pole in tthey tent, customers don’t necessarily focus on squeezing tthey last center of our products. Stacy Rasgon What’s your average ASP actually? I never asked you that question before? Vincent Rocthey Well, let’s say ttheir, it’s 3x tthey industry average, and it’s about 4x more than our closest competitor. Stacy Rasgon Okay. So TI said earlier today, it was like $0.40. Vincent Rocthey So ttheyre you go. So that’s it. Yes. So that’s – I mean, that’s what we’re doing. And I think if pricing goes tthey ottheyr way, our cost go tthey ottheyr way, I don’t foresee we’ll be giving back tthey prices. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Okay. Okay. Let’s talk about tthey end markets a little bit. Maybe we start with auto. And so auto – I remember wtheyn I started covering you guys, like you actually had auto inside your industrial business. It was still small, and it’s no longer smaller. Is that, if I can remember, 20% or 25% of revenue now? Vincent Rocthey I think it’s 22% of revenue now. Stacy Rasgon Yes. How much of that is EV? And maybe even broader, is tthey EV opportunity that you have like solely within that battery management system or is it broader than that? Vincent Rocthey Well, battery is – let’s see, it’s probably – it’s probably less than 20% – probably less than 20% now of tthey of tthey auto business. We have thousands of parts that we sell to every automotive customer. So it’s highly diversified. So tthey in-cabin is probably in-cabin electronics, probably half. Tthey rest is electrification and power. Stacy Rasgon So what are tthey new applications that let you grow like 10 points above SAAR? Vincent Rocthey In-cabin electronics, we play in kind of mid high-end systems. So, we do everything from tthey core audio and media processing to transporting that along our A2B bus, road noise cancellation is becoming a key feature as well now in cars. So those things will enable us to, I think, over a sustainable period of time to grow 10% plus, we have a growth expectation in tthey automotive business to be able to grow kind of low double digits, kind of 12%, 13%. Stacy Rasgon Maybe ttheir is a good opportunity to remind folks what your – at least your Analyst Day targets were for growth by segment. I can’t remember, see we have Lucarelli theyre. Vincent Rocthey Okay. Industrial areas. He’s ttheyre. So I think Mike will correct me. But industrial, so we reset tthey expectation from 4% to 5% to kind of 8% to 10%. We said industrial we thought would be kind of 7%, 8%. Automotive low double-digits. Consumer in tthey kind of 7%. What am I missing? My Communications 10%, I think we said, right? So ttheyre you go. Stacy Rasgon Got it. I guess, Communications might be a little more cyclical than some of tthey ottheyrs in consumer – we’re – it’s clearly an inventory situation going on consumer. Vincent Rocthey Yes, but we think consumer will in tthey second half of tthey year will recover. And it’s a very different business for us ttheyse days as well, compared to wtheyre we were 5 years ago. Stacy Rasgon It’s not Apple anymore, right? I mean I remember tthey... Vincent Rocthey It’s that plus, plus, plus. Yes. So it’s highly diversified within each customer. We have lots of products, lots of applications. And we’ve more focused, we’ve put more focus into. Stacy Rasgon Got it. Let’s talk about industrial. So what are tthey – again, industrial, I mean, it can be like hundreds of end markets and thousands of products and tens of thousands as what are tthey broad sort of like segments within industrial wtheyre you guys play? Vincent Rocthey So number one would be factory automation. So that’s everything from robotics and anything that sits between tthey factory operating system at tthey edge, right up to tthey information technology interface. So that’s one piece. Aerospace and defense, that’s anottheyr key piece of it, instrumentation, everything from very, very dense automatic test equipment for testing semiconductors, systems, TVs and so on and so forth. Stacy Rasgon How is that ATE business doing right now, by tthey way? Vincent Rocthey Better than a bit, you think. Stacy Rasgon Okay. I remember anottheyr downturn like went to zero, right? Vincent Rocthey Yes. You know what’s interesting in that business now. Ttheyre are many, many secular tailwinds in that sector. Now wtheyn you think, for example, about tthey new computing systems. AGI driven computing, that requires an enormous amount of – I think, I’ve lost my microphone theyre. That has a requirement of enormous amounts of instrumentation, automatic test instrumentation, computing power. Stacy Rasgon Do you guys do theyre Vince? Put it up to your collar. Vincent Rocthey How is that? Sorry about that. Yes. So look, ttheyre are sectors of tthey electronics industry that require just tremendous amounts of computing power and sensing power in ttheyse instrumentation systems. Wtheyn you think as well of all tthey discoveries that are going on in theyalthcare, right? All tthey new ttheyrapies, drug discovery. All of that uses, lots and lots of scientific equipment as well, which we participate in. So again, tthey portfolio is very balanced. We use and think that way before, but I think ttheir instrumentation for ADI is electronic bench equipment as well as scientific equipment for discovery and diagnostics. Stacy Rasgon So it’s no longer just like semiconductor test equipment in your 80s [indiscernible]. Vincent Rocthey Exactly. Exactly. Stacy Rasgon So do you count that as industrial like as automated test or do you count that as theyalthcare because I want to ask about theyalthcare. Vincent Rocthey Well, theyalthcare is now getting on for $1 billion within tthey ADI portfolio. Wtheyn we report our industrial numbers, we include theyalthcare in that. Stacy Rasgon At some point, you split it out or auto was [indiscernible]. Vincent Rocthey That’s inevitable. We will split out theyalthcare. It’s highly profitable, highly diversified. I talked last week during tthey earnings call about different facets of theyalthcare, one of ttheym being automation, robotics. I think, Mike is bringing a recovery microphone. Is that right? Vincent Rocthey No, it doesn’t work. Stacy Rasgon Can you guys turn tthey. Ttheyre you go. Vincent Rocthey Thank you. Thank you. Stacy Rasgon We persevere. Vincent Rocthey Hopefully. No echo on ttheir one. Yes. So we would include tthey automation of theyalthcare in tthey theyalthcare segment, even though it’s a robotics application because it’s in tthey hospital environment. And I think more and more, what you’ll see is tthey lab will move into tthey operating ttheyater as well. So ttheyre will be a lot of real-time diagnostics done to age tthey pain care, tthey operating routines and so on and so forth. Stacy Rasgon How has theyalthcare been growing sort of relative to tthey broader industrial segment? In dollars now. Vincent Rocthey Yes. So we – wtheyn we started really putting focus on ttheir theyalthcare business, about a decade ago, it was sub $100 million. So it’s been growing about double digits for tthey last – ttheir will be tthey 8th year of double-digit growth. So it’s been very, very strong. Everything from clinical grade vital signs monitoring in tthey hospital, now moving into tthey home in tthey clinic, automation we’ve talked about. And of course, x-ray and ultrasound ttheyse systems are becoming very, very challenging to develop technologies for. We know, for example, in tthey x-ray system. We are producing ttheyse compound monolithic system subsystems that reduce tthey size and so ttheyir photonics to digital conversion systems. And ttheyy dramatically reduced tthey size of tthey interface between tthey scintillators and wtheyre tthey data is processed. Take 5% of tthey energy to produce tthey image tthey equivalent image in tthey old systems. So ttheyre’s a tremendous amount of value in tthey technologies that we’re developing. And we are now also – we’ve brought on echo to bits ultrasound system. We have brought a solution to market that’s at tthey very, very early stages. So basically, in something handtheyld, you can produce really, really high-quality images anywtheyre in tthey clinic are way, way outside tthey hospital environment. Stacy Rasgon Got it. So, you said your long-term growth target for comm was 10%. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon Why is that higtheyr than your long-term growth target for industrial, which I think and let’s say, I thought it was high-single digits? Vincent Rocthey Yes. It’s high 7%, 8%. It’s a market that has at least theirtorically moved more slowly. It’s tthey markets distributed over tens of thousands of customers, hundreds of applications. It’s just harder to read it. It’s easier for us to say in tthey communications market, it’s ttheyse 10 customers in ttheir cluster, ttheyse 10 customers in that cluster. So, tthey dynamics are different. I think tthey adoption of technology into tthey system is a shorter cycle than industrial. Stacy Rasgon So, wtheyre are we in that comm cycle now? Like what – I guess what drives that 10% growth wireless versus wired? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So, tthey portfolio is roughly split half wireless, half wire today. Wired is really about cloud. It’s about tthey data center, for example, largely optical in its focus to optical communications. Our wireless business is communications infrastructure, 5G or run and ttheyn ttheyre are many variants coming on 5G as well. Ttheyre is 5G.MIL, for example, coming. So, wtheyre are we, I think as I said earlier, tthey data centers, tthey cloud activities are digesting a lot of inventory. So, I think that will take probably a couple of quarters to come back. Wireless infrastructure in Asia, I think is in reasonable shape, particularly India. America has been slower than we expected and Europe has been also below our expectations. But I think ‘24, we should see anottheyr CapEx cycle that will boost that business in tthey Western world. Stacy Rasgon Got it. So, maybe tthey data center comments is a good segue to sort of perennial at least at ttheir conference, tthey AI question. So, like what is ADI’s AI story, besides tthey fact that it has A and I in tthey ticker? Vincent Rocthey Very well know. Yes, we are atheyad of ourselves. So look, we have more and more of our products ttheyse days are using software, using more algorithmic technology. We have a significant number of software engineers with over 1,000 software engineers at ADI. We are now bringing products to market that not only have kind of linear algorithm routines, but we are also now putting machine learning, neural networking and more and more of our products, in tthey products around tthey products and even in tthey customer engagement. Stacy Rasgon How does that work, since can you give me an example of what does it looks like? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So, if you take, for example, power management, you have got very, very complex solutions. We are multiple rails and you have got to keep tthey loops very stable and predictable maybe ttheyse power loops. We are using machine learning to keep tthey loop stable and to provide more accuracy. So, tthey hardware gets you so far, tthey machine learning technologies theylp us tune tthey loops with more accuracy. Stacy Rasgon So, is it like a processor that’s sitting ttheyre togettheyr with it that controls it? Vincent Rocthey Exactly. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Yes, something ttheyre. Everybody forgets you have a digital business too. Vincent Rocthey We do. Yes, we do. Actually, we have about – our digital business, we use digital basically in everything that we do now, but our standalone digital business generates about $0.5 billion of revenue. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon You used to report, I think like, by product, you had DSPs. Vincent Rocthey We use tthey data converter DSPs, but we figure is more meaningful to report now by market. So, you don’t theyar about tthey technologies as much anymore. Yes. Stacy Rasgon Got it. I want to ask some broader strategic question. So, you are one of tthey – you have been a consolidator in tthey space and your larger competitor did that in tthey past and hasn’t done that in quite a while. And ttheyy always get tthey question, do you think it was a mistake to sit it out. And you always get tthey question, oh, do you think you paid too much money for ttheyse assets. I would argue that I mean both approactheys have ttheyir merits and I am not going to argue that tthey acquisitions that you have done haven’t worked out well. I think ttheyy have worked out quite well. Ttheyre does seem to be a pivot now. Let’s say, it sounds like you are sort of – you have been fairly directly communicating that we are done with large-scale M&A, and we are going to focus now on cash return. You have got leverage targets, which I think you are running quite a bit below those leverage targets right now. And return 100% of free cash flow, just I guess what’s driving that decision? Is tthey portfolio wtheyre it needs to be, or are ttheyre just no more assets to consolidate, or why ttheir…? Vincent Rocthey Well, I would say, first and foremost, we have tthey full breadth of technology that we need on tthey analog side. We are very happy. I am thrilled with tthey acquisitions that we have done and what ttheyy have been able to bring to ADI. And by tthey way, we are still in tthey relatively early stages of integrating Maxim. So, that’s job number one, make sure that we fully integrate Maxim that we get. We have gotten tthey cost synergies. We want to make sure we get tthey revenue synergies. Stacy Rasgon Yes. So, what were tthey targets for tthey revenue synergies, again? Vincent Rocthey We said $1 billion, $1 billion or, I think by 2027. And I think we are well on track to be able to do that. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Vincent Rocthey So, we are all tthey time looking at smaller acquisitions that took in. Ttheyy tend to be very application-specific. Ttheyy tend to be more system savvy and software savvy, more so than hardware. And we are doubling down on our digital investments inside tthey company to make sure that we can provide tthey full suite of digital technologies to meet our customers and ttheyir software application layer by tthey end of tthey decade, which I think is going to be important, particularly in an era of natural language processing capabilities. Stacy Rasgon Got it. We have got about 10 minutes left. I actually have quite a few questions theyre from tthey audience, actually feel like going to tthey lightning round. Vincent Rocthey Let’s do it. You are going to do it anyways. Stacy Rasgon I am going to do it anyways, but I will make you feel good about it. China lagging edge investment, how do you think about long-term competitive dynamics given regionalization? And I would even broaden that out, like maybe, if you could talk a little bit just about broader competition in China. Get ttheir all tthey time. And especially now, I think what ttheir question is getting at, because China’s ability to build out a leading edge ecosystem is pretty much stymie, ttheyy are going to have to double and triple down presumably on lagging edge. What’s your broad view of like China competition and what ttheyy are doing? Vincent Rocthey Well, look, we have a very vibrant business in China. What I can tell you is that tthey engagements with our customers are still very, very robust. And we are still designing in across tthey spectrum of industrial automotive applications. Communications was obviously, wtheyre we had because of tthey geopolitical tensions that changed tthey trajectory of that business. But I think overall, as long as ttheyre is a market in China for high-performance semiconductors, high-performance analog semiconductors, ttheyre is a market for ADI. Stacy Rasgon Are ttheyre any local Chinese competitors that you would argue could supply some of those high-performance semiconductors? Like how many Chinese like competitors do you guys watch? Vincent Rocthey I mean if you are a competitor, wtheyre do you start. First off, you have got to be able to match us on performance, okay. We have 125,000 customers, 75,000 product SKUs. We are investing $1.7 billion a year in R&D to keep us atheyad. So, I don’t foresee direct competition from tthey start of tthey community in China. Does it mean that certain parts of our portfolio could over time be converted, sure. But my sense is as long as we keep innovating, stay close to our customers, keep playing on tthey cutting edge, ttheyre is a market for ADI. Stacy Rasgon I will even broaden tthey question beyond China. So, we talked about tthey ottheyr thing, you and TI. And it does seem like you are sort of playing in different tiers. Wtheyre do you see like tthey biggest competition in more – how would I call it tthey value-add analog industry maybe, in tthey same kind of areas and value-add that you guys are doing like who is – who do you guys compete against tthey most? Vincent Rocthey Well, it’s clearly TI. TI is a very, very able competitor. But as I have said, we play different games. But we see each ottheyr a lot, at tthey whole spectrum of customers across tthey globe. Beyond that, maybe in some of tthey communications areas, we might see broad come a bit. But wtheyn it comes to – we are very much theyavy analog play. Ttheyy are more of a digital play. So, I think we see some specialty players in different areas. But TI on a scale level is our biggest competitor. Stacy Rasgon Was tthey issue with Xilinx still going on was around ORAN or was that settled? Vincent Rocthey You mean tthey suit, tthey case, that’s done. Stacy Rasgon That’s all done. Vincent Rocthey We came to a good agreement. Stacy Rasgon Okay. Do you have an innovation measure, like revenue from products introduced in tthey last 3 years or something like that? Vincent Rocthey I mean externally, we report revenue from products released in tthey last 10 years. Obviously, we look at – tthey figure of merit for us is gross margin, gross margin over R&D within different time windows. We look because gross margin is tthey proxy for innovation value. So, you can look at revenue, you can look at gross margin. Over and over ttheyre on tthey Internet and R&D is what you are spending to get it. So, that’s tthey primary figure of merit inside ADI for R&D effectiveness. Stacy Rasgon That’s an interesting. Is that how you – do you use that metric wtheyn you are determining what to invest in? Is that like what tthey process looks like? Vincent Rocthey Well, we tend to look at tthey market opportunity, tthey customers, tthey – how we perceive customers will value tthey technology that we are building. So, now we tend to – we always believe that if tthey innovation is good enough, tthey margins follow. Stacy Rasgon Got it. Given your increase in CapEx and subsequent increase in internal production, how might that change your margins in tthey short-term and over tthey long-term? Vincent Rocthey Well, our CapEx was elevated last year. It’s elevated ttheir year. And ttheyn next year, we get back to a more normalized kind of 5%. So, we are running 7%, 8% right now, but that’s tthey end of tthey big spending if you like, on tthey CapEx. So, with all that said, even with a downturn theyre and that spend, we will be producing gross margins at tthey 70-plus level. Stacy Rasgon Got it. Vincent Rocthey And what was tthey ottheyr part of that question, Stacy? Stacy Rasgon What was tthey ottheyr? No, short-term and long-term, I think you answered it. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Stacy Rasgon Do you have any trailing edge products that could be replicated in China, as a response to tthey export ban on leading edge equipment? And I guess ttheyre is probably also a hidden question ttheyre. China, like coming down on Micron, for example, any concerns ttheyre? Vincent Rocthey Yes. I mean it’s possible. But tthey things we are doing, first off 80% of ADI’s revenue is contributed by thousands of products that contribute less than 0.1% of tthey overall revenue. Wtheyre do you start if you are going to compete with that portfolio, sure, it’s possible. But in tthey world of analog, you need to be precise. It’s very much a precision industry, high performance. So, on tthey trailing edge, I don’t think so. I think if anything, it might be tthey leading edge, but I don’t foresee that. Stacy Rasgon Got it. How do we think about spending requirements going forward? Is wage inflation an issue? Vincent Rocthey Well, it has been. I mean over tthey last couple of years. But we are – tthey labor market has changed very much. Wtheyn we look at tthey statistics, tthey – I would say, we are getting back to a more normalized balance in attrition and hiring, but interest rates are to take care of inflation over tthey next couple of years. And I think we will get back to a more normalized I would say wages have been inflated for tthey next couple of years, tthey rate of change every year, but I think that will normalize in tthey next year or 2 years. Stacy Rasgon Got it. It’s not on theyre, but I am going to ask it. CHIPS Act, how is ADI benefiting from tthey CHIPS Act and what are your broad thoughts on tthey subsidization and regionalization of semiconductor manufacturing? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So resiliency, I think is upfront and center for every semi company, including us, okay. We want options for our silicon. And I mean that’s one of tthey reasons we invested internally as well to get more optionality on our own manufacturing. We want to make sure that we have tthey ability to acquire one to two new units to procure whatever products we need in areas that are acceptable to our U.S. Asian and European customers. So, we have – we announced a large expansion of our fab in Ireland, two weeks ago. That qualifies for European CHIPS Act funding. And our expansions theyre on tthey West Coast, ttheyy are tthey most expensive of all tthey investments we have made, that also qualifies for U.S. CHIPS Act funding. So, we are going through that process right now. And we are also – we have got R&D activities that qualify. We are part of tthey Norttheyast consortium that’s working on a lot of advanced technologies with some of our peers, research institutes and so on. So, ttheyre are many facets to CHIPS Act in America and Europe, and we are benefiting both on tthey R&D side as well as tthey manufacturing side in both areas. Stacy Rasgon Got it. So Vince, we are coming up at tthey end of our time. We got around two minutes left. I will give you a [indiscernible] box. Why should always nice investors buy your stock? Vincent Rocthey Well, first off, I think very, very tactically, we are trading below tthey S&P average right now. So, it’s – I think it’s a buying opportunity. But also, wtheyn you think about tthey semiconductors are tthey better rock of tthey modern economy, modern life, modern economy, we play a critical role ttheyre. But ADI fundamentally, you can talk all you want about AI computing and so on and so forth. But you have got to feed those beasts with useful data. And ADI is wtheyre tthey data is born. We pick tthey most important sources of data in tthey world of physics, biology and ctheymistry, that’s our game, so and that game will persist for many, many, many decades to come. So, it’s a very resilient franctheire. Obviously, we have got tremendous life cycles in tthey portfolio. We have a lot of optionality built in as well to tthey business model because we cover many, many different applications, with ttheyse – tthey variety of different life cycles. And I think it’s – tthey growth prospects for tthey industry in general, are very strong. It took semiconductor, tthey semiconductor industry from kind of 2000 to 2020 to double its size, we could double that size in tthey next 10 years, and I think ADI will play a large role in that. Stacy Rasgon Got it. I think that is going to be a place to leave off as any. So, Vince, thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Vincent Rocthey Thank you, Stacy.