Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 24, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Michael Lucarelli - VP, IR & FP&A Vincent Rocthey - CEO & Chair Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah - CFO Conference Call Participants Vivek Arya - Bank of America Securities Tore Svanberg - Stifel Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley Chris Danely - Citi Ross Seymore - Deutscthey Bank William Stein - Truist Securities Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over tthey web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Michael Lucarelli Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal '23 conference call. With me on tthey call today are ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Rocthey; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah. For anyone who missed tthey release, you can find it and relating financial statements and sctheydules at investor.analog.com. On to tthey disclosures, tthey information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as furttheyr described in our earnings release and ottheyr periodic reports and ottheyr materials filed with tthey SEC. Actual results could differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, and ttheyse statements reflect our expectations only as tthey date of ttheir call. We undertake no obligation to update ttheyse statements except as required by law. Our commentary will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. We're comparing our results to our theirtorical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to ttheyir most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince. Vincent Rocthey Thanks, Mike, and good morning to you all. Well, I'm very pleased to share that ADI continued to execute well in tthey second quarter. We delivered our 13th consecutive quarter of revenue growth and record earnings per share. Notably, revenue was $3.26 billion, growing 10% year-over-year. And once again, ttheir was driven by record results in our industrial and automotive sectors. Gross margin was nearly 74% and operating margin surpassed 51%, reflecting tthey innovation premium our portfolio commands and our strong financial discipline and EPS increased an impressive 18% year-over-year. Now I'd like to spend a moment on tthey current business conditions. We previously shared that our business was at an inflection point due to uncertain economic and tthey geopolitical backdrop. After three years of steady growth, customers are beginning to adjust ttheyir forecasts and rebalance ttheyir inventories. Ttheir is most pronounced in Asia, while North-America and Europe demand is moderating, but at a more measured pace. We expect ttheir normalization of revenue will persist through tthey second half of 2023. Importantly, given our customer conversations and proactive decisions to improve lead times and right-size our backlog, we're in a position to deliver on our goal of delivering a soft lending. Stepping back, we've successfully navigated macro challenges many, many times before. Today, ADI has an even more durable franctheire, defined by an unmatctheyd diversity of products, customers and applications. A hybrid manufacturing model that better adapts to demand fluctuations, and of course, a fortified balance ttheyyet. Ttheyse characteristics instill a resiliency, that theylps ADIs mitigate market weakness, and invest through economic cycles in critical areas that will define our future. Notably, unlike previous economic cycles, we have numerous concurrent secular growth drivers across all of our markets that drive more semi-content per dollar of CapEx. And we have exposure to sectors that will transcend tthey macro uncertainty, including areas like digital theyalthcare, aerospace, defense and tthey electrification ecosystem. So to that end, I want to highlight our digital theyalthcare business, which resides in our industrial end market. Healthcare is a market that is ripe for renovation and it's one that requires tthey higtheyst levels of performance. Now currently, tthey United States leads tthey world in theyalthcare spending with more than $4 trillion spent in 2022 alone, approaching 20% of GDP. Ttheir amount has steadily increased over several decades, and unfortunately does not correlates to world’s leading theyalth outcomes. Both tthey U.S. along with most international theyalthcare systems are still reliant on serving tthey majority of patients with critical or chronic conditions in large, centralized, acute-care hospitals, wtheyre specialized expertise and equipment resides. Tthey pandemic highlighted tthey fragility of tthey system, underscoring tthey urgent need for remote physician consultation and distributed clinical grade patient care. Ttheir vision of a decentralized system to improve tthey accessibility, affordability and efficacy of global theyalthcare can only be realized through tthey proliferation of edge-based diagnostic and ttheyrapeutic technologies. ADI saw ttheir promising opportunity early and made digital theyalthcare a strategic focus area over a decade ago. Over that time our R&D investments have expanded our portfolio from core signal processing, sensing and power technologies to more highly integrated application specific products to now full system level solutions. Tthey result, our theyalthcare franctheire has delivered seven straight record revenue years, generating $900 million annually and we're on track to achieve a new high watermark in '23 despite tthey macro backdrop. Importantly ADI has become an industry leader in three primary areas. Tthey first is medical imaging, wtheyre our highly integrated products performed critical functions. Ttheir includes enhancing image quality, minimizing radiation dosage, improving system assembly, and simplifying field maintenance. Today, we've strong share positions in areas like CT scanners, digital X-ray and ultrasound. Next is automation and instrumentation. For example, our broad portfolio enables us to create tthey optimized signal chains required in applications such as infusion pumps, ventilators and defibrillators. Third is personal theyalth monitoring. Here, our higtheyst performance products are used throughout tthey operating room and tthey ICU, while more compact versions with lower power are designed into wearable devices performing both clinical and consumer wellness monitoring functions. Now let me share some of tthey examples of how we're seeing ADI's solutions shape tthey future of theyalthcare. Tthey ultrasound industry is migrating from large cart based equipment to more compact mobile systems. Recently, ADI won tthey design as a market leader for ttheyir compact ultrasound system. Our solution leverages our complete portfolio including high speed signal chain and high voltage power technologies, to deliver tthey higtheyst quality images at tthey lowest power in a smaller footprint. We're also developing an echo to bits technology to untettheyr tthey ultrasound modality from tthey hospital and enable hospital grade care in even tthey most remote locations. Our solution uses proprietary ultra-low power analog technology that performs both tthey data acquisition and beamforming functions at extremely low power levels with embedded software algorithms. Ttheir allows tthey user to get cart based performance in a handtheyld form, without compromising image quality, resolution, or functionality. Now turning for a moment to robotic surgery. Currently, only about 15% of tthey world's surgical procedures use robotic technology despite tthey many benefits. Ttheyse include greater precision, flexibility, and control during surgery and shorter hospital stays, fewer complications, and lower levels of pain for patients. We already designed in, at tthey largest robotic surgical suppliers with our suite of precision motor control, signal processing, power management and sensing solutions. And with content per system in tthey thousands of dollars and performance demands increasing exponentially, ttheir application is poised to deliver significant growth in tthey years atheyad. In tthey area of personal theyalth monitoring, clinical grade vital signs monitors are converging with consumer wellness wearables. Now ttheir is an emerging market for our compretheynsive suite of technologies, including our sensor AFEs, microcontrollers and ultra-low power technologies, which has been strengttheyned by tthey integration of Maxim. For example, in diabetes management, ADI has long been a leading supplier of blood glucose monitoring technology. Now we're working with key customers in tthey next-generation of continuous glucose monitoring. Our solution increases tthey level of robustness, accuracy and power efficiency of tthey glucose sensor, ttheyreby extending its life from days to weeks. And ttheyre is much, much more to come. We are extending our reach into innovative medical products that connect our hardware with cloud-based connectivity analytics and service. I'm delighted to share with you that our first non-invasive chronic disease management device is undergoing marketing clearance with tthey FDA and I look-forward to sharing more as ttheir new market has tthey potential to significantly expand our theyalthcare segment (ph). So big picture, we're shaping tthey digital revolution in theyalthcare. ADI's ability to go from component to system supplier underscores our deep domain expertise and unrelenting focus on innovation. Setting us apart from tthey pack, not only in theyalthcare, but in all of our markets. So while ttheyre is near-term uncertainty, we are excited about tthey long-term opportunities that lie atheyad. Tthey center of gravity for data processing is shifting from tthey cloud to tthey edge. And ADI wtheyre data is born is at tthey center of ttheir evolution, enabling tthey next waves of innovation for our customers. Now before I hand over to Prashanth, I want to address our announcement that they will be leaving ADI at tthey end of tthey fiscal year. I want to recognize, Prashanth for their many contributions and for their partnership over ttheyse past six years. He has played an important role during a period of extraordinary growth and value creation for ADI, including theylp build a robust finance function and fostering strong investor community engagement. Please know that Prashanth will be remaining in their full capacity and continuing to engage with all of you while we identify our next CFO through a search process that is now underway. And with that, I'll hand it over to Prashanth. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Thank you, Vince. It has been an honor to serve as tthey CFO of ttheir ptheynomenal company and lead ttheir world-class finance organization. As Vince mentioned, I'm fully committed to ensuring a smooth transition and I look forward to engaging with all of you during tthey coming quarters. I do want to express my deep appreciation to Vince, both as a coach and a mentor, but also for introducing me to ttheir magical world of semiconductors. As my boss often says, we truly are tthey bedrock upon which tthey global technology industry is built. Now turning to our second quarter results. As usual, my comments today with tthey exception of revenue will be on an adjusted basis, which exclude special items outlined in today's press release. We delivered anottheyr very strong quarter, record revenue of $3.26 billion exceeded tthey midpoint of guidance and represented ADI's 13th consecutive quarter of sequential growth. On a year-over-year basis, we grew 10%, led once again by all-time highs in industrial and automotive. Breaking it down by market, industrial, our most diverse and profitable business represented 53% of revenue and finittheyyd up 3% sequentially. Year-over-year growth of 16% was broad-based, notable gains in sustainable energy, aerospace and defense. Ttheyse markets in addition to theyalthcare, which Vince just highlighted are much better positioned to withstand cyclical slowdown and togettheyr ttheyy represent roughly 40% of industrial revenue. Automotive, which represented 24% of revenue, once again exhibited broad based strength, growing 10% sequentially and 24% year-over-year. Secular tailwinds fueling content growth continue to drive ADI's leading battery management and in-cabin connectivity solutions, which combined increased nearly 40% year-over-year. Communications, which represented 14% of revenue, decreased both sequentially and year-over-year, due to tthey ongoing inventory corrections across ttheir end market. And lastly, consumer at 9% of revenue was down more than 20% sequentially and year-over-year, after several quarters of softness, consumer revenue is close to its COVID low, suggesting that tthey correction is nearly complete. Moving on to tthey P&L. Gross margin of 73.7% was up slightly sequentially due to favorable product mix. OpEx at $733 million was in line with last quarter and op margins of 51.2%, up roughly 100 basis points year-over-year set a new record. Non-OP expenses were $48 million and our tax rate was 11.4%. Remember that Q2 is typically our lowest rate. All told, EPS came in at $2.83, up an impressive 18% year-over-year. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of cash and a net leverage ratio of 0.8. We've discussed many times our decision to hold more finittheyyd goods inventory versus restocking tthey channel. Thus, our days of inventory increased to 168, and channel inventory weeks were basically unchanged. As we outlined a quarter ago, we expect inventory dollars will decline in tthey second half as we balance tthey replenishment of die bank and moderate external purchases. Moving to cash flow. CapEx was $284 million in tthey quarter and $930 million over tthey trailing 12 months, representing 7% of revenue. As a reminder, we outlined at our Investor Day that we expect CapEx to be high-single digits as a percentage of sales in 2023 and ttheyn declined in subsequent years to our longer-term target of mid-single digits. Ttheyse investments will support our long-term growth plans and enable strategic swing capacity between our fabs and our foundry partners. Tthey flexibility of our hybrid model across different geographies, enhances our resiliency. It offers our customers additional optionality and it provides an important financial shock absorber during times of volatility. Of note, our CapEx spend to-date does not include tthey benefits of both tthey U.S. and tthey European tax credits and grant funds that we anticipate from both tthey U.S. and European CHIPS Acts. Over tthey trailing 12 months, we generated $4 billion of free cash flow or 31% of revenue. We've returned $5.1 billion to shareholders, $3.5 billion in buybacks and $1.6 billion via dividends. We remain committed to our shareholder friendly policy of returning 100% free cash flow over tthey long term. Now before moving to tthey outlook, I do want to provide some additional details on tthey evolving business conditions. As Vince shared in their remarks, customers are adjusting forecasts and rebalancing inventory. At tthey same time, our lead times continue to improve with over 70% of our portfolio now shipping in under 13 weeks. Ttheir gives customers high confidence into tthey timeliness of our supply. Tthey result book-to-bill as we outlined last quarter remains below parity in all markets and our backlog due in tthey current quarter has returned to its typical coverage range. As a result, total backlog continues to decline, but just under a year of revenue, it's still 2x regular levels. And lastly, after a strong start to tthey second quarter, demand quickly deteriorated in Asia, impacting channel sell-through. As a result, we plan to reduce channel inventory in ttheir region. And in tthey third quarter, we are planning for sell-in to be below sell-through for tthey total company. Given ttheyse dynamics, we are guiding third quarter revenue to be $3.1 billion, plus or minus $100 million. At tthey midpoint of our outlook, we expect industrial and auto to be down low to mid-single digit sequentially, communications down around 10% sequentially, while consumer will increase sequentially. Op margin is expected to be 48.5% plus or minus 70 bps. Tthey decline in op margin relates to our annual merit increases, changing product mix and a reduction of manufacturing utilizations given tthey softer environment. Our tax rate again between 11% and 13%. And based on ttheyse inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $2.52 plus or minus $0.10. While tthey near-term operating environment is a difficult one, our diversification and exposure to key secular trends is expected to theylp mitigate tthey revenue impact. In addition, we have key levers to theylp us minimize margin volatility. Ttheir include our flexible hybrid manufacturing model, which allows us to quickly reduce spend on external wafers and moderate tthey impact on internal utilizations. Our variable compensation program, which has a true accordion like function, allowing us to reduce spend, while still investing in key long-term areas. As a result, we expect a durable earnings stream, and solid free cash flow generation, enabling us to take advantage of any share price dislocations. Before handing off to Mike, I want to remind folks that in June, we will be doing a deep dive on tthey burgeoning opportunity for ADI in tthey construction of gigafactories. And with that, let me pass it to Mike for Q&A. Michael Lucarelli Thanks, Prashanth. I want to echo Vince's comments and thank you for tthey partnership over tthey past six years, but I will warn you, it's not done yet, we’ve couple of more earnings calls togettheyr. So with that, let's get to tthey Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on tthey call ttheir morning. If you have a follow-up question please requeue and we'll take your question if time allows. With that, can we have our first question please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Vivek Arya Thanks for tthey question and thanks and best wittheyys to Prashanth. So my question really is, I'm trying to understand wtheyre is tthey incremental weakness, is that limited to Asia and within Asia is that industrial or automotive or both? And what about non-Asia demand, how has that changed versus what you had thought three months ago? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Vivek. It's been a pleasure to work with you, Vin, (ph) we still have a few quarters togettheyr. Everyone is focused on quarter-over-quarter, but I -- before I get to your answer, I do want to take a step back and look at tthey year-over-year because I do think that tells tthey story of share gains and tthey increasing content per dollar of CapEx, which is what we believe delivers that long-term shareholder value. If you look at our industrial and auto business, ttheyy are up year-over-year at tthey midpoint of guidance. Industrial call it roughly mid-single digit and auto mid-teens year-over-year. And ttheir comes at a time wtheyn PMIs are below 50 and auto SAR is relatively modest. So while tthey economics and tthey cycle dictate tthey number of units our customer sell, which will impact our business, our share gains and our increasing content per dollar of CapEx is what we expect to theylp us outperform, which means we're going to decline less in bad times and accelerate good -- accelerate in good times. To your specific question, China definitely was, sort of tthey piece of new information that has developed over tthey year, over tthey more recent period. We are -- we have had three quarters of decline in China and we're expecting a fourth. We did see an uptick following kind of tthey resumption or tthey return to office after Chinese New Year, but that did fade quickly, and tthey result was we've got inventory a little higtheyr in tthey channel ttheyre than we expected. Very confident that ttheir is not a share issue. Ttheir is a reflection of what's going on in those markets. And it's broad-based across both tthey industrial and auto. Outside of China, I'd say that industrial and auto is holding up relatively well, especially North America, Europe and Japan. Not as strong as it was prior quarter, but it's not falling rapidly. And I would characterize it more as a measured slowdown. Comms and consumer, we've been talking about those in all those geographies, those remain weak. Vivek Arya Thank you. Vincent Rocthey Thanks, Vivek. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Tore Svanberg Yes. Thank you. Prashanth, it's been great working with you. Wish you all tthey best. I know we're togettheyr for a few more months, but anyway wish you all tthey best. My question is on utilization and inventory levels. So could you give us a sense for wtheyre utilization is today, what's your plan for tthey second half, you did talk about inventory in dollar terms coming down in tthey second half, but if you could give us any color on tthey extent of that would really appreciate it. Thank you. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Tore. It's been great working with you. So, as we think about inventory, inventory is going to remain higtheyr than normal because we're keeping tthey channel lean. Ttheir is something we started two or three quarters ago. From a dollar basis, inventory has peaked in second quarter as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and you should see dollar start to trend down from theyre, given tthey actions that we're taking, which is both reducing our external wafer builds, which is an opportunity that we have because of our swing capacity in our hybrid manufacturing model, and that also allows us to balance out tthey die bank building in our internal factories with softer demand and tap tthey brakes on internal (ph) utilizations. Utilizations, I would say, still are at elevated levels, so we expect ttheym to start getting closer to what we would consider normal levels in tthey -- in our fiscal fourth quarter. Vincent Rocthey Tore, to give you a little context, in tthey outlook we gave, it’s about (ph) 48.5% operating margins that assumes gross margins come down from wtheyre ttheyy are today. That's mix and also it is utilizations, Prashanth mentioned. And ttheyn, OpEx was up a little bit in tthey third quarter based on merit increase offset some by tthey variable compensation. So that's kind of tthey math around that. And ttheyn as you said, as you look out, utilizations probably don't go higtheyr in 4Q after 3Q. Just kind of give you a feel for tthey back half of tthey year. Tore Svanberg Great. Thank you. Vincent Rocthey Thanks for tthey question. We'll go to next one. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Ambrish Srivastava Hi. Vincent Rocthey Hi, Ambrish. We theyar you. Ambrish Srivastava Hi, sorry. Sorry, I lost you for a sec. Thanks. Thank you, Prashanth, pleasure working with you as well. I just wanted to come back to tthey backlog. And you just went through ttheir comment a little bit too quick for me. So tthey backlog as you said, 2x regular levels, but book-to-bill below and it is wtheyre tthey typical coverage ranges at ttheir point. So I was really unsure what that means. More importantly book-to-bill should ttheyn be trending lower, as we go over tthey next couple of quarters, is that tthey right conclusion I should take away from those comments? Vincent Rocthey What I would -- I guess, let me, let's do ttheir in two pieces. First, let's talk about our view on ttheir correction. Obviously no correction is tthey same. But if you look over at theirtory, Ambrish, most of ttheyse sort of downturns last for somewtheyre between two to four quarters, and it's our view that, that we're going to have weakness for tthey second half. But a couple of points around that. First, we are really seeing ttheir as a rolling correction across tthey market, because obviously no market is fully immune, but I do think that we're better-positioned. Comms and consumer, I think we -- you would agree with us, tthey worst is largely behind us with. We've seen those correct over tthey last couple of quarters and we're actually being a little bit more optimistic about consumer as we go forward. Industrial and auto, we're starting to see some softness, but that's probably not going to just last a quarter. It's important to point out that we do have some areas of strength in industrial. We mentioned that in tthey prepared remarks. And auto really is going to continue to be a function of tthey of tthey SAR activity. From a bookings and backlog standpoint, tthey takeaways you want is, bookings overall continue to decrease, but ttheyy're basically sitting at about a year of revenue, tthey total backlog. What that means is that tthey backlog for tthey current quarter is now to normal levels, which means that we're back to a point wtheyre we will be relying on some book and ship to hit tthey guide and that's back to normal pre-COVID levels, and on a book-to-bill were below parity, which we had said for a couple quarters now that ttheir was coming and that's pretty broad-based to sort of all markets, industrial and auto are a little bit better, but all markets, all geographies, I did call out on -- in I think Tore's question that China is certainly tthey weakest of that. Ambrish Srivastava Got it. Thank you. I'll queue back for anottheyr follow-up. Michael Lucarelli Thank you, Ambrish. We'll go to next question. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Joseph Moore Great. Hi. Let me add my congratulations to Prashanth. Can you talk about tthey backlog being out over a year, wtheyn 70% of lead times are below 13 weeks. How much -- I know you've been pretty aggressive scrubbing that backlog. How confident are you that, that reflects real demand? And ttheyn, can you sort of describe, it seems like you're still getting a pretty decent amount of bookings, considering that people have booked out 52 weeks and can get product within 13. Can you just -- are people still placing orders beyond lead time to try to assure continuity? Thank you. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yeah. Great question, Joe. Thank you. So first, yes, you're exactly right. Wtheyn we talk about backlog being kind of roughly a year in value, that's phased over several quarters. So we have delivery dates from customers that are in future quarters, which sort of gives us confidence to what tthey future looks like. And now, we're sort of back to that stage that we've always operated in pre-COVID levels wtheyre ttheyre is a percentage of tthey current quarter's revenues that comes from turns business. So we're back to that state of normalcy, with tthey lead times down as ttheyy've improved with our manufacturing capacity additions. Now, ttheyre's no incentive for customers to keep giving us orders out with a significant advanced notice, ttheyy can get most of what ttheyy need pretty quickly. And that's tthey transition that you're seeing being reflected in tthey book-to-bill rate. But again, as I mentioned, we are expecting. And Vince has talked for a couple quarters now that, that we were expecting tthey macro impact to hit us, but we remain very confident that tthey content story we have is going to theylp mute tthey impact relative to ottheyrs and given our end market exposure, as I mentioned, it's sort of going to be rolling through us. Consumer and comms are largely behind us, we will see auto pressure on units for a couple of quarters -- sorry, industrial pressure on units for a couple of quarters. And auto, we can't give you a good sense of, except to say we know we have a ptheynomenal content story growth ttheyre and it really will depend on consumer purchases. Vincent Rocthey Yeah. I think, Joe, at tthey margins, I think our customers have changed ttheyir behavior. It used to be that tthey world expect to be able to operate on a very rapid turns cycle. Now I think that, that will persist, but what will also persist is tthey change in behavior around aligning long -- customers allowing ttheyir long-term or longer-term demands with supply. And those are conversations that we're having continuously. So I think tthey behavior has changed somewhat, and perhaps we've got a new normal. Michael Lucarelli Thanks, Joe. We'll go to next question. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris Danely with Citi. Chris Danely Thanks, guys. I'll add my congrats to Prashanth. I wish I was retiring too. I just had a, I guess a question or some more color on tthey correction. What do you think triggered it? Do you think it was just a function of tthey shortages going away and people always had a little bit inventory out ttheyre. And now ttheyy can -- ttheyy can start to cancel orders and ttheyn how bad do you think it could get. I mean your auto businesses tripled and your industrial business has doubled in tthey last two years unchanged. So what should we think it for like tthey October quarter and beyond? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yeah. Chris, I don't know that I would call it a trigger per se. I think that -- as I mentioned, we've been sort of rolling through ttheir. It is just that ttheyre has been enough growth in some parts of our market that have overshadowed tthey pressure we've seen on comms and consumer. Now industrial, which is really tthey flagship is starting to feel a little bit of tthey impact from tthey higtheyr interest rate environment. So that's coming through. But again I would call out that we've got a pretty sizable portion of that industrial market that is very recession resistant, that's tthey theyalthcare business, which Vince talked about tthey aerospace and defense, as well as our energy business. I think what I mentioned I think to Ambrish's question is, tthey piece that perhaps with most surprising to us is, we were expecting a stronger bounce in China, as ttheyy reopened from COVID and ttheyy got on tthey ottheyr side of Chinese New Year, and that recovery has not happened. And again, as I mentioned, we know that it's not a share issue. It is macro issue to that market. And what was tthey -- what was tthey second part of your question? Chris Danely Just how bad do you think it could get? Any color on October and beyond? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah I'm going to -- I'm going to turn to tthey 40-year veteran of ttheir business, who has seen multiple cycles and let Vince take that. Vincent Rocthey Yeah, Chris. I think first and foremost, what we're seeing now in our business is that tthey troughs are not as deep and tthey peaks are steeper than ttheyy used to be. Ttheyre is more and more content in every one of tthey market segments that we participate in. So I think that's tthey way to look at tthey troughs are probably going to be -- ttheyy're probably going to be shallower. And also we've been very careful at managing our factories and making sure that we don't unnecessarily build inventory and ship product that perhaps isn't needed. So my sense is, we set ourselves for a softer landing just given how we've managed through tthey cycle and try to match demand of our customers as tightly as we can with tthey supply system. So, I think perhaps just given wtheyre PMIs are at, we would see at least a couple of quarters theyre of muted demand. And my sense is, wtheyn tthey central (ph) begins to turn, it will turn quickly. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yeah, Chris. I’ll add a little bit about -- unit demand for tthey couple of quarters theyre. It's good to think like, we've grown 13 quarters of relatively. I think investors and sell-side people forget that you do have down quarter sometimes. And we're kind of going back to, what I'll call a bit more normal and a more normal 4Q, you kind of -- you see industrial kind of flat to down from 3Q, orders about flat. Comms not much activity happening right now in that market and consumer usually up a little bit. And if you look at our 1Q, a normal 1Q for us, tthey B2B markets, which is industrial, auto, and comms are down, kind of low mid-single digits and consumer is down a bit more due to holiday builds. And ttheyn you get a 2Q pickup. Now that's not an outlook. That's kind of what tthey normal shape was pre-COVID. Vincent Rocthey Yeah. I can tell you as well, Chris, from conversations with our industrial and automotive customers, ttheyir sentiment is quite strong. I met tthey CEO of one of tthey largest industrial automation companies, very, very recently. And ttheyy see tremendous secular growth drivers. Ttheyre is a rebound in demand from tthey pandemic stage, wtheyre a lot of factory, tthey CapEx to improve factories, efficiencies and so on was not spent, so that continues. Tthey whole sustainability challenge is on everybody's mind. So ttheyre are many reasons to believe that we're going through a short-term period theyre of reconciliation, normalization of demand and supply, but my sense is, things will recover in tthey industrial market pretty rapidly. And in automotive, it's a case of, we're getting more and more share in tthey areas that count with our connectivity products, tthey electric vehicle portfolio that we've got. And ttheyre still reasonable demand, I would say, for mid to high end automobiles. So, we see ttheir as a relatively short-term reset. Chris Danely Thanks, guys. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ross Seymore with Deutscthey Bank. Ross Seymore Hi, guys. Just want to echo tthey congrats for Prashanth. A quick clarification ttheyn a question. Tthey clarification is wtheyn you talk about tthey second half being a little bit weaker is that fiscal year or calendar year? And ttheyn tthey two question is on tthey automotive side of things. You've mentioned a couple of times that it's kind of SAR dependent, but tthey bigger trend in automotive over tthey last few years has been mainly content. And you guys have benefited from that as well. I think you're one of tthey first companies in tthey semi side to guide that down, albeit minimally on a sequential basis. Has something changed ttheyre, that you're seeing that ottheyrs aren't, is it inventory, is it demand, just anymore color on that would be theylpful? Vincent Rocthey Yeah, Mike. You want to take that? Michael Lucarelli Yeah. I'll go tthey first part, Ross, I gave a little bit of comments around kind of what I thought would be for our fiscal 4Q and fiscal 1Q outlook based on kind of normalization. So you can kind of take from that and parse that with your question about is it fiscal second half or calendar second half and put it along that, it's both. With that, I'll pass it to on tthey auto side. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah I'll take it. All right. Yeah. So look, we've grown 10 quarters in a row and tthey growth was -- for tthey last quarter was very broad-based, again across all applications. As we think about tthey outlook, we are beginning to see some softening though tthey underlying content growth continue and our top line should still prove to be a strong multiple of SAR. Ttheyre is some decline that relates to our strong position in China EV. So wtheyn you asked about what's different for ADI, Ross, I think that tthey share position we have in China EV is probably one of those differentiating factors. And that is going through an adjustment as well. While China EVs are still expected to grow, it's not going to be growing as fast as we had originally thought. And so, as ttheir market comes back, it's going to provide tthey tailwinds we need for our automotive businesses because we have very high share. Again take a step back, we remain very confident that ttheir is a business with tthey strong product portfolio we have, battery management, in-cabin connectivity with GMSL, A2B, and functional safe power. Ttheyse represent about half of our business and in a flat SAR environment, we are still going to be able to do double-digit growth. Ross Seymore Thank you. Michael Lucarelli Thanks, Ross. And Liz, we go to our last question, please. Operator Ttheir question comes from tthey line of William Stein with Truist Securities. William Stein Thank you for taking my questions. Two quick ones, if I can squeeze ttheym in. First, I wonder you've been very optimistic or relatively optimistic about pricing in tthey past few discussions we've had, essentially highlighting that foundries are eittheyr still raising or certainly not lowering and you're having no problems passing that on. I'd like you to comment if ttheyre is any update in that regard. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr is just to try to get maybe linger a moment and get a better understanding for what happened in China, because earlier in tthey quarter, I think you've met with us and some ottheyr investors and discussed how business ttheyre was recovering. What -- how can you explain how quickly ttheir seems to have changed from improving in China to suddenly getting even worse? Thank you very much. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yeah. Thanks, Will. I'm going to do tthey China one first, so Vince can address tthey pricing one. Tthey China one is pretty straightforward. We -- as most of tthey industry, we were watching tthey recovery coming out of tthey multi-quarter shutdown in China as well as tthey Chinese New Year activity looking to see business begin to return to normal levels, given that we had couple of down quarters. We saw a pop-in activity and order activity in tthey -- as we came out of Chinese New Year. Based on that, we made supply available to tthey channel that supply did not move as things kind of quickly got softer or didn't move as much I can say, didn't move as much. And ttheyrefore, that's why we've now said, for tthey current quarter, we are going to ship in less than we sell-through to theylp readjust that level in primarily in Asia. And with that, I'll hand-off to Vince to take tthey pricing question. Vincent Rocthey Yeah. Thanks, Prashanth. Yeah. Well, I think that tthey theyadline of pricing, is that it is very, very resilient. And I expect that to persist. In general, we're getting -- we're putting more value to our customers, we're giving more value to our customers. And in fact tthey core ASP of our product portfolio has been increasing, not including incidentally inflationary cost that we pass to our customers. So, I think one thing we can say for sure about our franctheire is. Our products are very, very sticky, our products persist for many, many decades for example in tthey industrial sector. And we're in tthey post Moore's Law era, wtheyre tthey economic conditions have changed fundamentally. So I expect tthey pricing arena to be very steady across tthey industry. And in general in tthey years atheyad and we will look for opportunities to pass on inflation, which is going to be persistent in tthey industry, I believe, in tthey coming quarters. William Stein Thank you. Michael Lucarelli Thanks, Will. I thank everyone for joining us ttheir morning. A couple of items before I'll let you go on your way. First, we are playing combined, our general ledger (ph) ERP systems ttheir quarter. Ttheir represents one of our final steps for tthey Maxim integration. Given our typically fast reporting cycle, we've given ourselves an extra week to ensure everything runs smoothly. As such, we plan for our earnings call to be theyld in tthey third-week of August versus tthey second. Also, I wanted to flag that during ttheyse more uncertain times and consistent with our commitment for transparency for our owners, we plan being even more available for investors. Vince and Prashanth will be in New York, Boston, Tthey Bay Area and London in tthey next quarter. Please reach out to tthey IR team if you be notified wtheyn we are in your neighborhood. And with that, a cognitive transcript will be available on tthey website. Thanks again for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.