Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) J.P. Morgan 14th Philipual U.S. All Stars Conference September 18, 2023 5:00 AM ET Company Participants Vincent Rocthey - Chairman and CEO Conference Call Participants Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan Harlan Sur All right, good morning. And again, welcome to J.P. Morgan's 14th Philipual U.S. All Stars Conference theyre in London. My name is Harlan Sur, I'm tthey semiconductor and semiconductor capital equipment analyst for tthey firm. Very pleased to have Vincent Rocthey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Analog Devices theyre with us ttheir morning. For those of you that don't know tthey Analog Devices team, leader in high-performance, mixed-signal RF analog semiconductor chips, strong position in power management, very strong position in signal chain processing in both analog and digital, which is tthey technology that bridges tthey real-world to tthey physical world, best-in-class gross operating free cash flow margins, strong capital return program, very diversified business, right, industrial, automotive, comms infrastructure, 90% of total revenues. So, Vince, thank you for joining us today. Vincent Rocthey Thank you, Harlan, great to be theyre, same time, same place, different year. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Harlan Sur Exactly. So, to that point, about a year ago at ttheir very conference, tthey team is driving 25% year-over-year growth in tthey business, positive book-to-bill trends, but you did call out order deceleration, some pickup in cancellations, which in hindsight did signal sort of tthey start of tthey negative cyclical inflection for tthey ADI team, but for tthey industry as tthey whole. So, kind of take us through tthey dynamics over tthey past year, and more importantly, your view on tthey cyclical dynamics in your business, sort of, going forward. Vincent Rocthey Yes, thank you. So, yes, we had our earnings call, tthey third-quarter earnings call just a few weeks ago. Actually, in tthey third quarter of '22, our fiscal '22, we did call what we thought was tthey peak at that point in time. And you know we got through tthey pandemic, we had a supply-chain crash in FY '20. FY '21, basically what happened across tthey industry was we tried to squeeze 15 or 16 months' worth of shipments into 12 months. So, we were in catch-up mode. And, you know, tthey shortage itself drove some panic, and you know, we've been trying to get - so we were chasing supply for 2.5 years. I think for tthey next year or so, we will be chasing demand. I mean, as we called out on tthey earnings call, we have - we have a belief that what we have right now is an inventory overhang that will take at least, in ADI it will take us somewtheyre in tthey region of six months to correct, but we are seeing some stabilization. We suffered a lot of cancellations for tthey last six or nine months. We've begun to see that moderate somewhat. So, what we're getting now is our backlog into a shape that we would consider in pre-pandemic terms to be more normal. So, that's wtheyre we are, I think '24 will be a year of flushing inventories across tthey industry and I believe, we'll get back into a more normalized growth pattern in FY '25. Harlan Sur Perfect. Looking at ours and consensus revenue profile, we are modeling, as you mentioned, right, continued softness in tthey business for tthey next two quarters, peak-to-trough revenue decline of around 18%, about tthey same magnitude of tthey decline is tthey last cyclical downturn in 2018 and 2019, yet tthey team is driving, you know, low 40% operating margins to tthey trough, right, of ttheir cyclical downturn versus tthey prior two cyclical up - trough up-margin levels of 37% and 28%. So, theylp us understand tthey strategic, tthey structural changes that are driving tthey continued improvements in through-cycle profitability and earnings power. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Well, look, we have a tremendously diversified portfolio, as you pointed out in your opening remarks, we cover all tthey critical market sectors in advanced communications, immersive consumer, industrial has many, many different parts to it, including digital theyalth care, factory automation, industry 4.0, advanced instrumentation for scientific research, automatic test equipment, and so on and so forth, 5G systems, now we're starting to get into tthey early stages of building 6G systems. So, we are present in all tthey critical applications that drive modern socioeconomic life and we happen to have more than 100,000 customers in our portfolio. We've got 75,000 product SKUs with lifecycles, for example, in tthey industrial are that are 17 years plus. So, tthey stickiness of tthey franctheire is really, really, really strong. So, for us, getting our products - getting our new products designed into a customer that's wtheyre we face tthey price elasticity if you like. But once we get our products designed and pricing is very, very stable, and tthey substitution costs in our business are very, very high. So, you know, tthey business model is set up in such a way that we're able to capture tthey innovation upsides, ttheyn we have - once we get our products establittheyyd, tthey stickiness, tthey stability is very, very strong. We've also been able to steadily increase our average selling prices. So, that theylps obviously topline growth and I think as what our additional scale on tthey manufacturing side has theylped us to get our cost structures into place that ttheyy haven't been; all that said, what we're seeing now are higtheyr highs and higtheyr lows as well. Harlan Sur You know, if I look back - if we look at tthey team over tthey past 20 years, you've grown your revenues at about a 9% CAGR, 30% faster than tthey overall semiconductor industry, you've grown your earnings and your free cash flow at about a 11% to 13% CAGR over that period of time. Some of tthey growth has been organic, but most of it - some of it has been inorganic, but majority has been organic, right? On a go-forward basis, at tthey last Analyst Day, you put out a target revenue growth rate of 7% to 10% per year earnings, about 10% to 12% and $15 per share of earnings power in fiscal '27, peak of ttheir current cycle, right, tthey most recent earnings cycle, you're already driving $11 of annualized earnings power. So, what's tthey confidence level in tthey team attaining your forward earnings power target of $15 in '27? Vincent Rocthey Yes. So, what gives us great optimism? You know, we are very much an innovation-driven company and, you know, we're spending $1.7 billion plus in R&D every year. That's always tthey first call on tthey company's capital. So our product portfolio is stronger than ever. We're investing more to get atheyad of customer's needs in all ttheyse critical application areas that I mentioned. You know, we have also so many concurrent secular tailwinds to push us atheyad. It's unprecedented, tthey number of secular tailwinds across tthey industrial, advanced communications, immersive consumer, automotive as well of course, ttheyse tailwinds, we've never had such a richness of concurrent secular tailwinds in our theirtory. And I've been in tthey business over 40 years now and typically each cycle in each decade was driven by one particular technology modality, you know, in tthey early 2000s it was Internet, 2010 plus it was smartphone and cloud, you know, now we're seeing tthey electrification of tthey automobile. We're seeing more and more technology used in automobiles. In fact, cars and transportation systems are using 10% more silicon every year, with more and more software. So, all ttheyse things are conspiring tthey digitalization of society, digitalization of tthey economy. So, we're very well-positioned as I said from a customer perspective, from a market dynamic perspective with a better portfolio than ever. And, you know, through some acquisitions we've done as well, we've built a very strong power management portfolio, but we are still under-represented ttheyre, we see that as an enormous opportunity for ADI to continue to gattheyr share to do more attachment between our mixed-signal portfolio and our power portfolio. So, we put all those things togettheyr, we feel confident that, you know, 7% to 10% wtheyn we get back beyond ttheir current inventory indigestion cycle, but we will get back into a more normalized pattern and I suppose tthey, you know, tthey big question is tthey rate of recovery of tthey China economy. So, you know, that will have some effect on tthey upper end of that growth expectation. Harlan Sur A big part of tthey above-industry revenue growth profile has been obviously its powered by your design-win pipeline, right, last year fiscal '22, you grew your design-win pipeline by over 10%, how is 2023 tracking so far relative to that number, and what areas of your portfolio or end-market exposure is tthey team really seeing, sort of, tthey strongest expansion and sort of tthey forward dollar pipeline. Vincent Rocthey Well, we continue to grow tthey size of that opportunity pipeline. Some of it, we get from, as I said, tthey market trends wtheyre I mentioned earlier in tthey conversation theyre that we're getting more ASP for tthey product now than we've ever, you know, every year we increase tthey ASPs of our products and that's driven by tthey innovation strength of tthey products we're developing, we're building more complete solutions for our customers, we're adding software to hardware. So, all ttheyse things, increase tthey content value of ADI's products for our customers. So, you know, I talked about tthey need to be able to conduct our power management portfolio more directly with tthey strength of our mixed-signal wtheyre we have tremendous share. So, you know, as I said, tthey opportunity pipeline ttheir year again in '23, it will grow about anottheyr 10% or 12%. So, all that gives us tremendous confidence in tthey potential growth of tthey company in tthey years atheyad, paying - we focus our business development efforts on making sure that pipeline is not only growing in absolute terms, but that tthey conversion rates are also increasing. Harlan Sur You know, you talked about continuing to build out tthey power management portfolio. You've done a ptheynomenal job on tthey organic growth side. Part of that power management portfolio unlock revolves around unlocking synergies with some of tthey acquisitions that you've done, right, Hittite, Linear Tech, now you're in tthey midst of unlocking about $1 billion per year of revenue synergies by fiscal '27 via tthey Maxim acquisition right, which... Vincent Rocthey Right. Harlan Sur You completed in 2021, we can already see some of ttheir unfolding, right, with Maxim GMSL attactheyd to your it be A2B connectivity solutions. Vincent Rocthey Right. Harlan Sur We also see it within your battery management portfolio, also with your focus on factory automation, wtheyre are you in that journey to $1 billion with tthey Maxim team and your confidence level on getting ttheyre by fiscal '27? Vincent Rocthey Yes. Well, tthey pipeline - tthey opportunity pipeline that we have would suggest that we're well on track. You know, I think you’ve pointed out tthey critical components of that journey in terms of tthey revenue synergies with Maxim. My sense is, we'll probably get to tthey target we had a little earlier than we had expected. Of course, what happens in tthey economy will have some effect on that. Harlan Sur Yes. U.S. and European Chips Act bills were both passed last year, key focus, right, is to motivate more manufacturing in tthey U.S. and EU, to drive more focus on manufacturing leadership, as well as for business continuity planning in terms of supply chain diversification, geopolitical risk mitigation, you have fabs both in U.S. and Europe, what's tthey status of grant disbursements, timing of incentive tax credits, and more importantly, has tthey team has seen an acceleration in customer engagements that are looking to source more of ttheyir semiconductor value, right, from tthey Analog team going forward. Vincent Rocthey Yes, it's a very straightforward question with a very complex answer, but I'll do my best to answer it for you. So, right now we make about 50% - we fabricate about 50% of our silicon inside ADI with three fabs in tthey U.S., with one theyre in Europe in Ireland and ttheyn we procure anottheyr 50% of our silicon outside with partners like TSMC for example. And that hybrid model, that hybrid manufacturing model has been a mainstay within tthey company now for many, many years. You know, wtheyre in times of very, very strong demand, we are able to use flexible supply from tthey partners, for example, we're able to get more capacity from partners. Wtheyn tthey market is in a low, like it is now, we can bring more of our manufacturing needs inside, which theylps us manage utilization, protect our gross margins. So over tthey last, of course, one of tthey big questions in our customers' minds over tthey last three years is not just been, kind of tthey tactics of supply, it's been around how do we ensure resiliency in our manufacturing operation and to be able to create some surety of supply beyond Taiwan. And so, we've been on an investment track, we've massively, in our terms, increased CapEx. We’ve typically run our CapEx model of between 4% and 6% of revenue, you know, in FY '22 that would have been about 12%, that's tthey peak of our investment cycle. For capital equipment, for manufacturing, in FY '24, we will invest about $1 billion. So to cut tthey long story short, wtheyn an advanced digital node is considered for CapEx, you're looking at $15 billion. You're building 300 millimeter wafers, you need about $15 billion of spend. Tthey most popular node inside ADI today, so advanced digital is 3 nanometers today, tthey most popular node inside ADI today in terms of new product development is 180 nanometers. That was digital, leading-edge 28 - 30 years ago. So, tthey equipment we buy, you know, obviously, ttheyre has been a tremendous amount of amortization, we're using 200 millimeter wafers. So, we've been able to just about double tthey output of our internal factories for $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion. So we're well down tthey track, we're actually - we've licensed technologies from our critical partner and by tthey end of '24 early '25 we will be producing volume of ttheyse products in our factories in Ireland and tthey U.S. So, tthey more advanced nodes, we use 55, 40 nanometers, and 28 nanometers, and so on and so forth. We use partners from ttheyre, obviously, on 300 millimeter wafers, we use partners. So to cut a long story short, you know, we've obviously capitalized, we will have completely capitalize ttheyse equipment needs by tthey end of '24. And we have been public with our announcement of EU funding for our operation in Ireland. We've gotten pretty significant funds from tthey EU for both manufacturing grants but also for R&D grants and, you know, that's been confirmed. We have applied for Chips Act funding in tthey U.S. as well for both manufacturing as well as R&D grants. We expect to theyar wtheyre we stand with that by tthey end of tthey year, but we are optimistic about our prospects ttheyre. Harlan Sur And as a part of that, we've seen, wtheyttheyr it's tthey past three years wtheyre entire semiconductor value chain, tthey entire tech value chain went through a period of very, very tight supply, you know, in tthey semiconductor value chain or obviously growing concerns around geopolitical risks and so on. We've seen a lot of your end customers, tthey auto OEMs, tthey industrial OEMs, tthey compute OEMs, consumer OEMs, talking about, not so much in near term, but a long-term like 5 to 10-year plan to try to source more of ttheyir semiconductors with U.S. and European companies that have manufacturing in tthey U.S. and Europe. I mean, has ttheyre been a little bit of a tailwind, has that driven more customer engagements for tthey ADI team? Vincent Rocthey You know, we're really not doing anything new in tthey sense that we've already got a large footprint in America. We've got a large footprint in Europe. So, I wouldn't say it is necessarily a tailwind, I think what's important to remember, you know, all of tthey massive capitalization activities that are underway now, you know, all tthey capital needs payback at some point in time. So, I think on tthey more advanced nodes, all of tthey focus of tthey European and U.S. governments over tthey last three to five years, most of tthey attention has been paid to tthey really advanced nodes five, three, two nanometers. And, ttheyre could be an over-investment ttheyre, but look, at tthey end of tthey day, we all want resilience, but ttheyre is also - we've got to remember tthey economics of tthey business, we've built a supply chain that has been very Asia-centric for many, many years. Ttheyre's been tremendous benefits to that, cost structures, you know, tthey efficiencies and it's going to take us time ever to match, particularly in ttheyse more advanced nodes. It will take us time to ever be able to match tthey cost efficiencies of tthey Asian supply chain, going to take time. Harlan Sur Let's switch focus to kind of tthey near to mid-term and we will get back to discussing some of your end-market focus in a little bit but near to mid-term, obviously, ttheyre's been a lot of focus in tthey U.S. on tthey United Auto Workers strike ttheir weekend, ongoing negotiations with tthey big three auto OEMs, I know it's early, but has ttheir had a noticeable impact on your auto business. What are you theyaring from your Tier-1 and your Auto OEM customers? Vincent Rocthey Well, just a couple of comments I'd like to make on that; number one, tthey effect on our business so far has been very de minimis. We don't expect a lot of disruption, but also, once ttheyre is a - once ttheyre is a customer for, you know, for an automobile, ttheyre are plenty of choices. So, tthey good news for ADI is our business is very global in nature. We have very strong content across all tthey OEMs actually, be it, you know, in cabin or electrification, we actually don't - we don't supply tthey internal combustion engine really at all with tthey exception of idle start-stop control systems. So, we're not so concerned in tthey sense that we've got a very, very good spread across tthey globe with OEMs and Tier 1s. And, you know, our calculus suggests that we shouldn't see - ttheyre will be probably some disruption, but we don't see it being a material part of our business. Harlan Sur Perfect. And you did mention at tthey beginning of your commentary, it looks like cancellations are starting to sort of normalize or stabilize, moderate, so I would assume that means that your backlog is also starting to moderate a bit as well, is that true? Vincent Rocthey I think that's fair. Harlan Sur Okay. Vincent Rocthey That's a fair comment. Yes. Harlan Sur Anottheyr good indicator of sort of near-term current demand trends is your turns business, right, orders that get placed and shipped in tthey same quarter, right, and I believe part of tthey weakness in tthey July quarter was lower-than-expected turns business, tthey team took a more conservative approach on turns expectations in ttheir quarter's guidance, I mean, quarter-to-date has tthey turns business has been in line with tthey team's expectations. Vincent Rocthey Well, let me say - let me make a few comments. You know, we run our company, we run our manufacturing operations on sell through. So, it's never in our interest to build product that customers don't need or stuff tthey channel, whatever you want to call it. So, we've been watching very carefully tthey rate of sales output, supply of our customers to ttheyir customers. We obviously manage our - we're looking at our inventory build or decline relative to what our customers are shipping. So we think we have really undershipped tthey customer's demand, if you like, over tthey last two quarters. So my sense is, we've built a lot of inventory, you know, we've kept a lot of inventory in our balance ttheyyet, but our customers are depleting ADI inventory, we're pretty confident about that based on how we, you know, we manage tthey company. So, that's what gives us confidence that in tthey - that probably second-quarter of FY fiscal '24 that will begin to see tthey inventory digestion problem behind us at tthey customer level and that will be able to move back to a more normalized demand and supply pattern. Harlan Sur You did mention that you talked about chip pricing, right, and your overall pricing or ASPs are more than four times higtheyr than what we track right in tthey industry SIA data in your blended average pricing trend, as you mentioned, have been moving higtheyr over time, right, and so I wouldn't think that cyclical dynamics like tthey current downturn impacts pricing for tthey team all that much, because your products are really tthey key performance differentiators in all of your customer's applications, right, but can you just comment on pricing trends on existing and more importantly, new customer and opportunity engagements as tthey team has moved through ttheir sort of weaker period of time. Vincent Rocthey Yes, well, that's exactly tthey right way to think about it. You know, once we get a product establittheyyd, tthey substitution costs, in ottheyr words, we've gotten over tthey design phase, tthey product goes into tthey customer's manufacturing system, tthey ASPs are rock-solid. And, you know, as I said, in tthey industrial sector, we have average lifetimes of over 17 years. In automotive, it is somewtheyre in tthey region of 7 to 10 years and consumer tends to be more - a more rapid cycle of innovation. So, we tend to see three, four, five years of product life in a consumer product, but tthey substitution costs are very, very high in our business. We are never tthey long pole in tthey customer's tent wtheyn it comes to build materials cost on an individual product basis. So, you know, our customers have always been more concerned about being able to get particularly in tthey industrial space, get supply of a product with very-high quality for decades at a time, and that is one of tthey reasons that we control our manufacturing internally, particularly in those less advanced nodes that are really important to our industrial customers. You know, ttheyse are high-performance products, but on very, very well-amortized silicon nodes. So, you know, once we get tthey product establittheyyd, tthey economics of tthey business are very, very stable. Wtheyre we have to fight like, you know, like blazes is at tthey pre-design phase, because we're not tthey only show in ttheym and we are tthey higtheyst performance supplier in tthey world of analog and mixed-signal and power, but that's wtheyre tthey pricing dynamics are most intense. It's at tthey pre-designing phase. Harlan Sur So, as you've looked at eittheyr a very similar socket with tthey same customer and obviously, you have engagements within customers over multiple years, right and so is tthey team's focus to try to drive higtheyr ASP per socket or - and/or sort of higtheyr dollar content overall per customer engagement, what is tthey combination of both. Vincent Rocthey It's really both. I mean, every new product that we bring to market, you know, has some level of increased power efficiency, but, you know, more performance per unit area of silicon, probably more software with it as well and tthey software is giving us a chance to make tthey products more sticky, get more ASP value as well. So, our focus tends to be in tthey critical big applications in industrial and automotive, for example, it's to develop anchor products that are very application-specific and ttheyn we pull tthey catalog or tthey - you know, tthey kind of more generic products around that. So that's how we approach that business. So it's about increasing value per application as well as bringing more innovation, value per new product generated to our customers. And, you know, I will tell you as well that, I mean, over tthey many, many years I have been in tthey business, tthey dependence of our customers on external analog skill is becoming more and more intense, tthey analog cracks now tends to be really in tthey hands of a very few big semiconductor suppliers. So our customers are more reliant on us to solve that problem for ttheym between tthey physical and tthey digital world and you know, scarcity drives value and that's one of tthey reasons that we've got so much optimism about our business. Customers want more, ttheyre is a need for more and more performance, more innovation and, you know, we've got an R&D footprint and portfolio footprint now bigger than we've ever had. So, we're really optimistic of things. Harlan Sur Perfect. Before I dive into some of tthey product segments, I wanted to see if we can open it up to tthey audience to see if ttheyre are any questions, just raise your hand and we can get a mic over to you. Got one in tthey back ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst Sorry. Thanks. Just please excuse tthey ignorant question, but you mentioned that CapEx would end up being $1 billion and come from tthey peak of 12% normalized. but ttheyn you said that tthey majority of your - majority of your sourcing at more of tthey sort of - lower end node would be still from Asia by and large. So, you're not expecting to continue to need to build sovereign CapEx to secure customer demand going forward, it just seems a bit of oxymoron to me. Vincent Rocthey Okay. Thank you. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Within ADI, you know, we - more than 70% of our revenue is produced on process nodes that are 180 nanometers and above. We will have tthey capacity internally to more than double tthey output that we have been doing over tthey last several years. Wtheyn it comes to 90 nanometers, 55 and below, we intend to use external sources for that. So, we - if we wish to tthey end of tthey decade and beyond, we - if we choose, we could be self-sufficient on 180 nanometers and above, but we will be partnering, you know, with key providers of process nodes below that. Unidentified Analyst Building CapEx elsewtheyre. Vincent Rocthey Yes, that's right. Yes, I mean, you said, I said during tthey commentary theyre that one of tthey big concerns is that all tthey attention around Chips Act and resiliency has really been a kind of 7, 5, 3 nanometers, 2 nanometers at some point in time and not enough attention has been paid to tthey older nodes, but we've been able to obviously invest in our own needs, but also convince some of our partners with more capacity into play, okay. Harlan Sur Any ottheyr questions? Maybe to follow up on that, Vince, you know, you've been taking down your utilizations, wafer starts at your external partners, been taking down your internal utilizations, and your hybrid manufacturing model, as you mentioned, has allowed tthey team to maintain higtheyr internal utilizations versus, let's say, which your peers call sort of hybrid manufacturing model, right. So ttheyre is a big difference. I think between your model and your peer's models. So take us through tthey difference between ADI's manufacturing model, because it is allowing tthey team to sustain higtheyr utilizations, but it is also tthey engine that is theylping tthey team to maintain greater than 70% gross margins, right, sort of trailing 12 months even theyre through tthey weakest part of tthey cycle. Vincent Rocthey Yes, so, you know, obviously, in tthey nodes that are - tthey minority nodes in tthey company that are more advanced like 90, 55, and so on, we are dependent on our external suppliers for that. What we are doing with tthey 180 nanometers and above wtheyn tthey demand drops... Harlan Sur Right. Vincent Rocthey We bring more and more of that manufacturing back into ADI, so we keep utilization levels as high as we can. And, you know, that theylps us sustain tthey, as I said, even in a down-cycle, tthey pressure on pricing for ADI is, you know, its normal. We don't see a degradation in our prices, whatsoever. So, we have stability on ASP, so it's about how we manage tthey unit volume. And, you know, we're able - as I said, we have tthey flexibility to bring more and more of our manufacturing home, if you'd like, until, you know, we run out of capacity wtheyn ttheyre is an upswing again and ttheyn we can we have tthey benefit of being able to use external sources. Harlan Sur I think - but I think one of tthey ottheyr differentiators with your hybrid strategy is you are able to replicate both your internal proprietary processes at your foundry customers as well, right, I mean, isn't that a big differentiator on tthey hybrid strategy, I think relative to your peers. Vincent Rocthey Tthey recipes are replicatable in two places both inside as well as outside. Harlan Sur Yes. Vincent Rocthey So tthey recipes very often, we more than - more often than not, we license our suppliers recipes and bring ttheym inside ADI, so that we get direct replication and substitute ability. Harlan Sur Perfect. Turning over to your product segments. So, industrial, your business - industrial business is composed of a very diversified set of businesses across many different end-markets, factory automation, theyalthcare, instrumentation and test, energy infrastructure, aerospace and defense, right. Help us understand how we should think about tthey different sub-segments as tthey team moves through ttheir current period of weakness, but more importantly, what sub-segments are likely to continue to remain resilient going forward. Vincent Rocthey Yes. Ttheyre's two ways I would like to talk about. Number one, we play a long game as a company, all of ttheyse sectors that we're looking at like tthey grid transition - energy grid transition, you know tthey giga-factory, you know, electrification of vehicle. Ttheyse are all trends that we've been putting more and more R&D into over tthey last three to five years. And so, we view ttheym very much as a critical part of ADI's growth story, digital theyalthcare, we've got to digitalize tthey theyalthcare system. We've got to make theyalthcare, it's got to be more prescient. We've got to put technology into place to enable us to, you know, to be able to recognize and diagnose diseases before ttheyy become chronic. And that business, by tthey way, has been growing at double-digits for tthey past seven or eight years, that whole digital theyalthcare, it's about $1 billion now for ADI in revenue. We've very, very strong expectations in that area as well over tthey while. And wtheyn we talk about resiliency in tthey shorter term if you just look at demand, my sense is that we'll see some pause in factory automation, though ttheyre is a burning need to be able to bring manufacturing closer to points of consumption. I mentioned gigafactory, that's an area wtheyre we're seeing more sensing, more - you know, more precise actuation and ttheyre's a whole range of technologies that we bring to solving that problem. But I think we've seen a pause as well in instrumentation particularly tthey ATE part of instrumentation, but tthey scientific discovery, bench instruments for, you know, supporting tthey IT industry, we're seeing that business remain quite strong. And so, if I think through tthey next year wtheyn we think about demand, tthey parts of industrial that I think will be strongest will be gigafactories, digital theyalthcare, aerospace, and defense needless to say is - has been very, very strong and I expect that to remain strong. In fact, we are supply - more supply-limited than demand-limited in tthey aerospace and defense area right now. And, you know, as long as, in tthey automobile sector, as long as SAR, tthey movement of cars a lot remains at a - at tthey current rate even, what we would expect is that business is capable of growing, you know, low double-digits over tthey next 12 to 18 months because ttheyre is more and more content being used in cars. So, I think tthey content story is what is driving tthey semiconductor industry in tthey automobile sector. An area that will probably, you know, be in somewhat of a doldrum I think for tthey next, maybe tthey period of '24 is wireless communications, tthey base station infrastructure market ttheyre simply because, you know, that's a very highly leveraged business. Interest rates are high. So, carriers are going be protecting free cash flow. You know, tthey return - trying to make sure that tthey ROICs are respectable, so I expect to see that being a more muted sector in our business over tthey next 6 - 12 months or so. Harlan Sur Maybe to follow up on that, on tthey comms business you talked about weakness in wireless comm infrastructure, but tthey team has a very strong position on tthey wired communications infrastructure part of your business, right? You've got a strong position in cloud and hyperscale datacenter optical connectivity, strong position in accelerated compute and AI power management. So how does ttheir particular sub-segment wired look like as you think about sort of tthey next few quarters? Vincent Rocthey Well, tthey wired business, you know, as you pointed out, Harlan, we have really two or three big technology plays ttheyre. One is tthey control of tthey optical modems, you know, with multiple generations of traction ttheyre. So, big data center companies are enormous users of that technology. And ttheyre, spend in tthey datacenters has been down for tthey last few quarters, we expect it to pick up in '24. So, that should bode well for that part of our portfolio. And obviously, power management, ttheyre is, you know, in tthey computing world ttheyse days performance equals power, power equals performance. So, ttheyre's more and more focus on energy, you know, efficient energy usage and that's a place wtheyre our power management portfolio is more and more important. So, you know, our expectation is in FY '24, we will see tthey wired part of our business do quite well, particularly driven by advanced computing, cloud, and so on and so forth. So, you know, ttheyn once ttheir AGI thing moves out of tthey realm of hype and really becomes, wtheyn natural language processing becomes a very natural - very naturally use technology, that bodes as well very, very well for our portfolio for tthey long-term. Harlan Sur We had tthey opportunity to come to your Wilmington theyadquarters and we hosted a deep-dive with Martin's team into, as you mentioned, ADI's opportunity in gigafactories, right, ttheir was a few months back. Martin noted more, you know, than 190 new gigafactories planned worldwide that would drive roughly ten factories per year, $45 billion of annual CapEx spending by 2030. You know, ttheyse Gigafactories will be driving demand for your industrial automation, your electronics test solutions. As Martin pointed out right ttheyre, nine major process steps in a gigafactory, each of ttheym creating an opportunity for ADI's silicon capture. Just wondering if you can walk us through areas within ttheyse gigafactories wtheyre tthey team is seeing strong demand pull for your solutions. Vincent Rocthey Well, ttheyre is a - ttheyse gigafactories are putting more and more automation to play. So, you want tthey automation systems to be more precise, so performance is increasing. I'm talking about robotic systems for example, you want ttheym to be more precise, but you also want to be able to, you know, 40% of tthey entire electrical grid for example is consumed, tthey energy is consumed by industrial motors. Putting intelligence around ttheyse motors, tthey motor architectures ttheymselves won't change, but tthey intelligence to run ttheyse motors will. So more precision, more energy focus, reducing energy by, we think, by putting more intelligence on motors that we can reduce tthey grid load by around 10% to 12% just given tthey burden that industrial motors place on tthey grid. Ttheyre's more and more instrumentation being used in tthey steps for example, you know, wtheyn you're building tthey demand for electric vehicle batteries ttheyse days is going through tthey roof, but, you know, managing tthey electroctheymical process very, very accurately is really important. So, ttheyre is more and more instrumentation being used in tthey batteries, in tthey formation process, in tthey deployment process, through tthey life of tthey battery. So, those are two or three areas wtheyre we see tthey precision of tthey portfolio that we have being in more and more demand to be able to improve tthey accuracy and efficiency of tthey process, but also tthey energy consumption. Harlan Sur On automotive, last year at ttheir very period, at tthey same conference I believe that three large automotive sub-segment drivers for tthey team, electrification, connectivity, audio processing were combined and accounted for back ttheyn 35% of your automotive revenues. Ttheyse three segments have continued to grow strongly even through a weaker macro-environment. So currently what percentage do ttheyse three segments sort of represent of tthey total auto franctheire today and your confidence on, I know you said, longer-term, right, automotive low-double-digits, sort of CAGR about your confidence on driving year-over-year growth in tthey auto franctheire even if auto trends continue to weaken, let's say, into fiscal '24. Vincent Rocthey Yes, so in-cabin, you know, tthey in-cabin is probably somewtheyre in tthey region of 40% of our total revenue ttheyse days, 40% - 45%. And that's things like high-quality audio, we're putting more and more road noise - active road noise cancellation content into ttheyse applications as well. Our A2B Bus which moves tthey media, tthey audio media around tthey car, virtually all tthey OEMs now are using our A2B technology. On tthey safety side of things, our multi-gigabit serial link GMSL is kind of tthey adopted technology now for moving media from cameras for example, you know, we're looking to bring more and more rich content, more image content from tthey outside to theylp us really solve tthey safety problem in ever increasingly useful ways. So, we've, as I said, we've built a huge franctheire on that Harlan Sur Yes. Vincent Rocthey And on tthey electrification side of things, tthey fastest-growing part of our automotive business today is tthey electric vehicle, tthey battery control circuitry and we have a very large share ttheyre, and as long as tthey demand for electric vehicles continues to increase, we see that business being a very strong franctheire, strong double-digit growth for several years to come. Harlan Sur So, tthey combination of those three segments is what maybe half of your automotive franctheire today? Vincent Rocthey Oh, it's much higtheyr, it's probably 80%. Harlan Sur Okay, perfect. And ttheyn a follow-up on that, in terms of tthey new product pipeline in automotive, tthey team talked about tthey new onboard charging applications, right, silicon carbide-based, which has tthey potential to drive anottheyr $50 of content increase in EVs on top of tthey strong dollar content capture you guys currently enjoy today. What's tthey team's view on tthey potential revenue opportunity and attach rate of ttheyse new, sort of, onboard charging solutions? Vincent Rocthey Yes, well it's very, very early stages at ttheir point in time. Again, what we do with tthey silicon carbide, we need tthey silicon carbide capability to do tthey high power delivery, but it's tthey intelligence that we provide around that, it's tthey system knowledge of tthey, you know, tthey application system knowledge. So I mean, that's something that could be - over tthey next three, four years could be, you know, a very, very high growth driver and perhaps, you know, getting over $100 million barrier in a reasonable period time. I think it's still very formative, so it's hard to be precise about tthey expectation. Harlan Sur Any questions from tthey audience? We're just about out of time, but. I do want to ask a question around wtheyn we think about ADI and tend to think about strong leadership in analog, strong leadership in power, but tthey market often, I think, forgets that tthey team has very, very strong position and digital signal processing, right? In fact, ttheyre is still a top supplier of stand-alone DSP processors of many of your mixed-signal RF solutions have embedded DSP capabilities with a lot of software programmability. So, theylp us understand how critical DSP and software plays in being a strong differentiator for your solutions, and maybe just give us a few examples, wtheyre you have integrated, you know, mixed-signal analog and DSP/software. Vincent Rocthey Yes. So, maybe I'll just use one example to describe tthey state of play for ADI in tthey world at tthey intersection of digital and analog. If you take a 5G radio transceiver, base station transceiver, so we're able to concurrently process multiple carriers, multiple channels at a single time. You know, we have in many of ttheyse chips we're building, we might have 25 or 30 microcontroller units, ARM processors, for example. We would also have some, what we call, fixed-function digital signal processing. So, to be able to accelerate algorithms. And so wtheyn we bring that chip to market, we also have algorithms that are harmonized, so tthey software algorithms are harmonized with our hardware and tthey customers have choice. Ttheyy can buy tthey hardware standalone, use ttheyir own algorithms or ttheyy can use ADI's hardware and algorithms, and sometimes those algorithms will add between 25% and 50% more ASP in a given product. So, I think that's a good example of state-of-tthey-art, we're on 14 nanometer technologies today, 14 and 16 nanometers. And so digital is something that is, I think, in tthey minds of investors not synonymous with ADI, you know, we sell multiple hundreds - more than $0.5 billion worth of standalone digital products every year and it's been an important part of tthey evolution of tthey company as well. And by tthey end of ttheir decade, most of what we do will be software-enabled and software-defined. Harlan Sur Perfect, well. We're just about out of time, Vince, thanks for tthey insights today and looking forward to continued strong financial performance from tthey ADI team as we move into fiscal '24. Vincent Rocthey Great. Harlan Sur Thank you very much. Vincent Rocthey Thank you, Harlan.