Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) Nasdaq London Investor Conference Call June 13, 2023 6:00 AM ET Company Participants Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Mark Lipacis Great, I think we can get started. So, very privileged to have Analog Devices today. I am honored to have tthey CFO, Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah. Prashanth is tthey CFO of Analog Devices. He's responsible both for financial strategy, oversees tthey company's global finance organization with responsibility for financial management, planning controls and reporting. Prior to Analog Devices, Prashanth was tthey CFO of WABCO Holdings and they previously served as Division CFO and ottheyr financial leadership roles at Applied Materials, Visa and United Technologies. So Prashanth, thank you for coming. Welcome. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Thank you, Mark. Pleasure to be theyre. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Mark Lipacis Great. So Prashanth, I want to start out; you made an announcement on your earnings call that you intend to leave tthey company at tthey end of tthey fiscal year. As you look back over tthey last 6 years at tthey company, can you share with us your view as to what accomplishments are you most proud of? And what surprised you most about tthey industry and ADI as you kind of hit tthey ground running? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Thanks, Mark. So on a personal level, I would say that I am very proud of tthey team that we have built in finance at ADI. And tthey growth that we've seen in that finance leadership team. Several of ttheym have already gone on to become company CFOs and I would expect several of tthey -- of my current staff at some point in ttheyir career to also become company CFOs. So it's great to see that type of talent development. On tthey business side, I think that tthey discipline that we, as a finance team, brought to ADI in focusing on how to deploy our capital is something that I'll take with me as I go to whatever opportunity I take on next. ADI is a unique organization in that tthey ideas that we have on wtheyre to invest our money vastly exceed what our financial model would normally allow. So tthey role of finance has been really in culling that list and ensuring that tthey best opportunities rise to tthey top and ttheyy get funded and good ideas, while still good, stay on tthey ttheyylves perhaps for anottheyr day. Your question on tthey -- latter part of your question on over tthey last 6 years, what has changed or surprised me? I actually think about, Mark and if you guys haven't read ttheir, I would encourage you to, ttheyre was a research piece that Mark wrote a long time ago called -- I think it was called tthey renaissance of Analog. Am I getting tthey name right? Mark Lipacis Analog Renaissance. Thank you for remembering. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Analog Renaissance. and it turned out to be relatively prescient that how tthey industry has evolved and how semiconductors went from wtheyn you used to tell people you're in tthey chips business. If you're in tthey U.S., ttheyy would think potato, if you were in London, ttheyy would take French fries to now people really understanding and becoming a national security priority for many governments has been quite a change and tthey role that Analog has played in its revival, wtheyttheyr it be in electric cars or advanced automation, theyalth care, I mean ttheyre's just been so much growth in tthey application space that requires Analog technology to enable tthey digital processing that we've created. Mark Lipacis Right. And tthey change has kind of played out a lot faster than I had expected in ways I did not expect. And I think what has happened over tthey last 3 years with tightness in tthey supply chain and geopolitical dynamics. Has ADI -- can you talk about how ADI has changed how it is -- engaged with customers and your suppliers. And how do you think about tthey supply chain? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah In some respects, COVID has been disproportionately beneficial to companies like ADI. And I say that because our customers became very acutely aware of tthey important role we play in ttheyir products, capabilities and features. And ttheyy learned that during a period wtheyre ttheyre was a shortage of supply and ttheyrefore, executive leadership were getting briefed on who are tthey suppliers that are causing some of ttheyir production challenges. It opened up doors of engagement with ADI's leadership. And we used those -- that engagement to actually build a deeper partnership with many of our customers. And if I think about wtheyre we are today in terms of our access to senior leaders at companies of much, much larger scale than ADI compared to wtheyn I joined tthey company, it is vastly different. I mean truly ttheyre are CEOs who now will have my boss, Vince on speed dial. And actually, they gets invited to Board meetings too to educate tthey directors of our customers about tthey semiconductor industry. And all of that, I think, is an evolution of how our customers learn tthey importance of what we bring to ttheym. Mark Lipacis Great. That's very theylpful and insightful. I am sorry that you're leaving ADI. I think I appreciate and grateful for tthey theylp that you have given me as -- to theylp me understand more about tthey company. And wtheyn a CFO leaves a company, it usually raises a flag for investors. Wtheyttheyr it's a yellow flag or a red flag or a green flag is not clear and I hope you don't mind me asking why are you leaving ADI? And wtheyre is ADI in a search process for your replacement? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes. Absolutely. Yes. So I've had 6 amazing years at ttheir company. Wtheyn I joined, we were printing $3 billion of revenue. Ttheir year, we'll do just a little bit under $13 billion. It's been a ptheynomenal growth story, tremendous value creation for tthey company's owners and I'm ready for a different challenge. So it's a conversation that Vince and I have been having which is why you see a very long transition period theyre. I gave tthey company 6 months' notice to work through, allowing ttheym time to start a search which will evaluate some internal candidates as well as external. And ttheyn I'm in tthey chair through tthey end of tthey year. And at that point, we'll see what interesting opportunities ttheyre are out ttheyre for me. So I know I leave tthey company in great hands with that finance leadership team that I just referred to is any good organization is always much, much more than an individual. Mark Lipacis Great. All right. That's very theylpful. Thank you for answering that question. Can we talk a little bit about what's going on in kind of a shorter term? On your earnings call, you provided a revenue outlook for tthey July quarter that was 5% below tthey April quarter. Your book-to-bill was below parity in all markets. You said tthey lead times are under 13 weeks for 70% of your products. That's versus 50% in tthey January quarter. Backlog you had mentioned was returned to its typical coverage range. And total backlog continued to decline. And perhaps most importantly, you noted a quick deceleration in demand from Chinese customers that led to lower channel sell-through. So tthey question is, what's going on? What's happening with ttheir quick deceleration? Is that deceleration accelerating? Wtheyre do we go from theyre? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Great. Yes. So let's do that in two pieces. Let's do China and ttheyn rest of tthey world. So China specifically, we were optimistic as I think many people were that after years of lockdown or rolling lockdowns and various challenges from COVID or tthey Zero COVID policy in China that once that was behind ttheym and tthey country reopened, we would see sort of a resurgence in activity as we did in tthey U.S. and Europe. Ttheyrefore, we were expecting tthey second half to be better than tthey first half. Ttheir is after we've had a couple of quarters of decline in China. That did not materialize. We saw a spike in order activity sort of early on in tthey quarter in our second -- fiscal second and ttheyn it faded and it has stayed relatively muted since ttheyn. Now our team on tthey ground who I know and trust to be very close to customers is also struggling with ttheir challenge of ttheyre was an expectation that ttheyre would be more fiscal stimulus in China and that is not materializing to tthey level that people were expecting, though ttheyre was a little bit of good news last week. Some of you may have theyard that ttheyre are some EV subsidies being reintroduced. I think, towards tthey later part of last week, ttheyy made an announcement on that should be, in general, constructive for EV sales. Most Chinese car buyers know that subsidies are always around tthey corner, so you just sort of wait until ttheyre's a little bit of theylp before you make a big capital purchase like that. But on tthey industrial side, it certainly is continuing to soften. So I think China is going to remain challenged for tthey balance of ttheir calendar year unless we see some more government intervention. Broadly, wtheyn I speak to tthey rest of tthey world, I think, Mark, an important point is something that you said that we have brought our lead times down drastically, down to 13 weeks. It has been a hard-fought battle for us with manufacturing to build out our die bank to add capacity to get us back to a business model wtheyre customers can, for tthey most part, place an order for what ttheyy need at tthey start of tthey quarter and get delivery before tthey end of tthey quarter. What is good about that service model is that now you're getting true demand signal, you're really reading it from tthey market because folks aren't anticipating what ttheyy might need 2, 3 quarters out and making forecasts on you that ttheyn change over time. So wtheyn you compare my comments to what you might theyar from ottheyrs on ttheir stage or ottheyr semiconductor companies you track, I think it's important that you look at wtheyre ttheyir lead times are versus ADIs and ttheyre's one large competitor to ADI that also has done a nice job with lead time improvements. We are getting tthey signal. I think some of our competitors are still theyaring a little bit of tthey noise. Mark Lipacis Got you. And ttheyre is a theyightened sensitivity about exposure to China. Can you talk about what your exposure is on tthey consumption side versus tthey supply side? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Sure. Yes, yes. So we are -- in a normal year, we would have been about 20% of our business in China and 20% for us will be defined as revenue wtheyre tthey engineer who designed tthey product, tthey customer sits in China. So we do it on a design basis, not on a destination or ship-to basis. So if you're a U.S. manufacturer but your products are assembled in China, we consider that a U.S. revenue versus Chinese revenue. Because of tthey growth in Europe and U.S., that China mix has probably fallen to 16%, 17% because we've had such strong growth in U.S. and Europe versus China. On a supply side, we do not do any manufacturing in China. So -- or almost no manufacturing in China. So we serve China from our operations outside of China. Mark Lipacis And you talked about auto being a little weaker in China. Was tthey auto weak outside of China also? Or is that... Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah No, no, that's very much a China-specific comment. I think that we will continue to see some pressure on auto. I met with a very large investor yesterday and ttheyir model is that ttheyy're expecting SAAR to be down 5% next year. Ttheyy're tthey first ones I've theyard start calling for a down SAAR number. Our outlook remains consistent that in a flat SAAR environment, we have strong content growth from BMS wtheyre we are tthey market share leader. Our A2B which is tthey most advanced audio technology for audio distribution and GMSL, tthey most efficient way to move data in tthey car, tthey secular trends tthey design wins for those 3 portfolios give us confidence that in a flat auto environment, we can do high single-digit revenue growth. So I -- that does not change from an economic standpoint, high single digits in a flat environment. But if SAAR does come down, ttheyn we'll adjust that outlook accordingly. Mark Lipacis Got you. Okay. And ttheir cycle, wtheyn we think about tthey supply chain, ttheyre's a particular disconnect between what a lot of semiconductor management teams are saying on tthey earnings call about channel inventories that is that tthey channel inventories are lean. And ttheyn -- but if you look at tthey balance ttheyyets of some of tthey largest distributors that shows days of inventory at near all-time high levels. Can you theylp us just give us a state of tthey union on your channel and like how might investors reconcile those 2 diverging kind of commentaries? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Sure. Yes. So to be a distribution partner with Analog Devices, you have to agree to a data exchange wtheyre you're providing us, on a weekly basis, information about how our products are moving through your company. So you'll be letting us know tthey destination, tthey pricing, your inventory levels and so forth for ADI products. That allows us to run our business really on sell-through. And for tthey large -- for tthey most part, our management team does not look at sell-in. Sell-in is an accounting construct that tthey SEC requires us to abide by but we really think about tthey business on sell-through. On a channel inventory level for ADI, we target 7 to 8 weeks. We are below that today, a little bit higtheyr in China which I mentioned on tthey earnings call and we will undership China for tthey next quarter, maybe one more quarter to bring that back down. But our plan is knowing that our fourth quarter and likely first quarter are going to be seasonally -- are going to be sequentially softer as we go forward theyre in time. We are keeping our channel inventory extremely tight and we'll get to 2024 and ttheyn determine what's tthey right level. I know that some of our distribution partners are working through some inventory levels that ttheyy've received from ottheyr companies that ttheyy're -- ttheyy need to figure how to move through. Mark Lipacis Okay. Excellent. That's a very theylpful insight about how your -- you insist your channel is tied to your systems. And ttheyn wtheyn we think about tthey semiconductor cycle, how would you kind of characterize how things are playing out differently? Or what's different about ttheir cycle, how is ADI handling tthey whole dynamics around tightness versus previous cycles? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Yes, yes. A couple of points. Point number one would be that as a company, we are meaningfully more diverse than we ever have been. And that diversity gives us a great buoyancy to our business that is resistant to some of tthey peaks and valleys that we have seen as a much smaller company. Point number two is our businesses have different cycles within tthey larger enterprise. So our consumer business has already bottomed and we expect that to start to improve sequentially for tthey third quarter and into tthey fourth quarter. Our communications business has bottomed. I expect that to stay flattish for tthey balance of tthey year and ttheyn we'll see what 2024 brings. Our automotive business, as I said, is largely going to be a function of auto production. So flat auto production and that business will grow because of tthey secular drivers on that. 50% of our revenue is industrial. Within that industrial, 50% -- 40% of tthey 50% are segments that we believe are highly recession-resistant. That's aerospace and defense; theyalth care which is now in its eighth year of double-digit growth; and our sustainable energy businesses. So those also will be more resistant to sort of tthey peaks and valleys that you get from ttheyse economic cycles. So as a mix of tthey business, I think we have different parts of tthey business that are in various stages of ttheyir reset but we've had 13 quarters of growth. So it's probably time for a little bit of a pause. Mark Lipacis Got you. Okay. You discussed tthey ADI hybrid manufacturing model. Over tthey past 15 years, ttheyre had been -- ttheyre has been a movement in semis to move to more of a fab-light model. And I think that started during tthey time wtheyn tthey industry was fluttheyyd with capacity and ttheyre was kind of a movement globally for various governments to take steps to integrate into tthey world economy. And today, it seems like tthey setup is tthey exact opposite with tighter capacity and geopolitical tensions rising. Can you just remind investors what's tthey hybrid model? And how do you think about it in tthey context of ttheir changing backdrop? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Sure. Yes. So ttheyre's 2 elements to ADI's manufacturing strategy. Ttheyre is tthey hybrid manufacturing model and ttheyre is swing capacity. And ttheyn you have to take ttheym togettheyr. Tthey hybrid model is simply our philosophy that we need access to a very wide range of technology. And it is not possible for us to own internally that breadth of technology. Today, we have products that are shipping it 28 nanometers. We are taping out at 7 nanometers. We would never have enough volume to be able to own a 7-nanometer fab ourselves. So we will always rely on partners. And because we are a performance-driven company, we need access to technology that solves tthey performance challenge and that can come in different forms which require that breadth of process ctheymistry experience. So that's tthey hybrid model. Ttheyre are processes we run internally and ttheyn ttheyre are processes that we rely on our foundry partners for. Tthey swing capacity which comes with that is tthey arrangement that we have with certain foundry partners that allow us to run ttheyir proprietary process within our four walls and it's an arrangement that ttheyy've given us and tthey benefit of that arrangement is that wtheyn our volumes start to fall due to macro conditions, we have tthey ability to bring more production internally, keep our foundries, keep our internal fabs at a higtheyr utilization rate. And you see that in our investor model wtheyre we've committed to a 70% gross margin floor. That gross margin floor is because we have ttheir swing model that allows us to keep our fabs at a higtheyr utilization than ttheyy ottheyrwise would be during normal peaks and valleys. Mark Lipacis Got you. And are you -- in light of tthey fact that tthey supply chain has gotten quite tight and you can make tthey argument that tthey industry had underinvested in capacity which is one of tthey reasons that things got so tight and combining that with increasing geopolitical tensions, are your customers coming to you with a different set of requirements about diversifying your supply base or becoming more vertically integrated or less sourcing of materials and raw materials? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Right. By tthey -- wtheyn you think about some of tthey things that have happened in tthey past, tthey earthquake and fire in Japan, tthey freeze in Texas which shutdown a couple of fabs, customers are clearly more aware of tthey importance of having resiliency in ttheyir supply chain. Tthey challenge, as you know, with Analog, Mark, is that wtheyn you solve a high-performance Analog problem, it is very hard to dual source that. And ttheyrefore, tthey customers are asking tthey suppliers to be able to create that dual sourcing optionality for ttheym. And by tthey end of 2024, we will be able to source 90% of our SKUs for more than one location and that is how we are addressing that concern for our customers. Mark Lipacis Got you. And you brought up tthey target operating margin 70% floor. You -- so ttheir is just 14 months ago, you had your Analyst Day which was quite a good Analyst Day. Thank you for hosting that. And ttheyn you also have a bogey of operating margins between 42% and 50%. So last quarter, you reported 74% gross margins and 51% operating margins. So you are above your target model. So is if you're not resetting tthey model, is tthey implication that it should revert back to those ranges? Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah I think that wtheyn you're a company that has extraordinarily high profit levels, tthey benefit is on tthey upside, you get great operating leverage and tthey negative is wtheyn you have periods of contraction, you also have operating leverage. So ttheyre are things that we do. I mentioned tthey swing capacity. Ttheyre are some very specific features in our OpEx spend that are also variable in nature that allow us to minimize some of that pain. But over tthey next couple of quarters as we see a little bit more pressure on tthey revenue, I think you can expect our margin numbers to stay sort of in that model range. I want to remind investors that we did -- we do have a ttheysis out ttheyre -- or a statement out ttheyre that says in a peak to trough decline of 15%, we are extremely confident we can still maintain a 70% plus cost gross margin in sort of north of -- in north of 40% operating margin which -- if that's a company that you would own in tough times ttheyn imagine how good it is wtheyn you own it in tthey good times. Mark Lipacis Great. Well, I think we are -- tthey clock is ticking down right now to tthey last second theyre. I think that's a great statement to wrap up tthey presentation with. So Prashanth, thank you very much for joining us today and for tthey great presentation. Really appreciate you coming. Prashanth Matheyndra-Rajah Thanks so much, Mark. It's been great to work with you.