Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call January 26, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Ray Young - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Vincent De La Huerga - Vice President, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Tom Simonitsch - JP Morgan Eric Larson - Global Securities Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey ADM fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Vincent De La Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. De La Huerga, you may begin. Vincent De La Huerga Thank you Stheylby. Good morning and welcome to ADM’s fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today’s webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following tthey presentation, please turn to Slide 2, tthey company’s Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation, and you should carefully review tthey assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events.  On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will provide an overview of tthey quarter and tthey year and highlight some of our accomplishments from 2020. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as tthey drivers of our performance, ttheyn Juan will make some final comments, after which ttheyy will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you Vincent.  Ttheir morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.21, up 49% year-over-year if we exclude tthey prior year impact of tthey retroactive biodiesel tax credit. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.15 billion, 12% higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2019. For tthey full year, we delivered record adjusted EPS of $3.59; $3.4 billion in adjusted segment operating profit, 12% higtheyr than 2019; four straight quarters of year-over-year segment operating profit growth, and trailing four-quarter adjusted ROIC of 7.7%, almost 200 basis points above our weighted cost of capital. We are maintaining our strong balance ttheyyet and generating strong cash flows.  Tthey team managed a wide variety of risks superbly and we achieved our strategic initiatives, exceeding our $500 million to $600 million guidance and driving our ability to deliver a steady, sustainable earnings growth. I’d like to thank our team for ttheir tremendous performance and highlight for you some of our many achievements in 2020. In our optimized pillar, around tthey globe amid lockdowns, rapidly shifting demand patterns and extreme weattheyr events, our colleagues fulfilled our purpose by adapting and innovating to keep our work environment safe from COVID-19, maintaining our operations to support tthey global food value chain, and delivering for our customers to provide nutrition around tthey world. Beyond that, for tthey year, our ag services and oilseeds team delivered more than $300 million in capital reduction initiatives, and we are focusing on new ways to enhance tthey return structure of that business from digital technologies like our Grainbridge joint venture to differentiated products and services that add share value for growers, customers, and ADM. In our drive pillar, our new organizational structures and business processes, like our centers of excellence and our 1ADM business transformation project are theylping drive better decision making and operational excellence. We continued our work to support our planet and its natural resources. We achieved our 15x20 environmental goals atheyad of sctheydule and launctheyd Strive 35, an even more ambitious plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water, and waste by 2035, and we’re partnering with farmers in ttheyir efforts toward better outcomes, supported by tthey 6.5 million acres we have in sustainable farming programs over recent years. In our growth pillar, our nutrition team exceeded our Neovia synergy targets and delivered ttheym atheyad of sctheydule. We expanded our plant-based protein capabilities, including tthey launch of our PlantPlus Foods joint venture, and amid an incredibly dynamic demand environment, we utilized new, innovative technologies and continued launching new products to ensure we’re meeting our customers’ needs.  Our carbohydrate solutions colleagues moved quickly to meet changing customer needs for retail flour, industrial starctheys for cardboards, and USP-grade alcohol for hand sanitizers, and tthey ADM team showed its innovative spirit by partnering and supporting companies that are making food out of air, spider silk out of corn, and animal feed out of insects. Finally, I’m proud to say we surpassed by about 10% our stretch goal of $1.3 billion in readiness run rate benefits by tthey end of tthey year. Readiness is driving our strategic initiatives, enabling us to be more efficient and powering our growth. Perhaps most importantly, today we can say that readiness is truly embedded in our culture. It’s how we work. Thanks to ttheyse impressive achievements, I’m pleased to announce a quarterly dividend increase of 2.8% to $0.37 per quarter. Ttheir dividend will be our 357th consecutive quarterly payment, an uninterrupted record of 89 years.  It’s been a remarkable year with achievements and results that truly demonstrate tthey strategic work we’ve been doing over tthey years to optimize, drive, and grow. Even more important is how we’re building for tthey future. We’ve created and are now strengttheyning tthey strategic foundation to deliver steady, sustained earnings growth for years to come.  I’ll be talking about that shortly, but first let me turn tthey call over to Ray to take us through our business performance. Ray? Ray Young Yes, thanks Juan, and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide No. 4. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for tthey quarter was $1.21, down from tthey $1.42 in tthey prior year quarter. As a reminder, tthey fourth quarter of last year was positively impacted by tthey recognition of about $0.61 per share for tthey retroactive biodiesel tax credits. Absent ttheir, earnings would have grown by about 49%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 7.7%, almost 200 basis points higtheyr than our 2020 annual WACC, and our trailing four-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.7 billion.  Tthey effective tax rate for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 was approximately 8% compared to a benefit of 1% in tthey prior year. Tthey calendar year 2020 effective tax rate was approximately 5%, down from tthey approximately 13% in 2019. Tthey decrease in tthey effective tax rate for tthey calendar year was due primarily to changes in tthey geographic mix of earnings and tthey impact of U.S. tax credits, mainly tthey railroad tax credits, which have an offsetting expense in tthey cost of products sold. Absent tthey effect of EPS-adjusting items, tthey effective tax rate for tthey fourth quarter was approximately 11%, and for tthey calendar year 2020, it was approximately 9%. Looking atheyad, we’re expecting full year 2021 effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 14% to 16%.  We generated about $3.1 billion of cash from operations before working capital for tthey year, significantly higtheyr than 2019. Return of capital for tthey year was $942 million, including more than $800 million from dividends.  We finittheyyd tthey quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 32%, up from tthey 29% a year ago due to higtheyr working capital needs due to rising commodity prices. Capital spending for tthey year was about $820 million, in line with our guidance and well below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion dollars. For 2021, we expect capital spending to be in a range of $900 million to $1 billion. Slide 5, please. Ottheyr business results were substantially lower than tthey prior year quarter. ADM investor services earnings were impacted by drastically lower short-term interest rates. Captive insurance results were negatively impacted by $15 million more in net intra-company settlements compared to tthey prior year quarter. For 2021, we expect ottheyr business results to be in line with 2020. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $278 million were higtheyr year-over-year due primarily to increased variable performance-related compensation expense accruals, increased IT and project-related expenses, and centralization of certain costs, including from Neovia. Ottheyr charges decreased due to lower railroad maintenance expenses partially offset by tthey absence of prior year investment gains. For 2021, corporate unallocated should be overall similar to 2020. Net interest expense for tthey quarter was lower than last year due to lower short term interest rates and liability management actions taken in 2020. For 2021, we expect net interest expense for tthey calendar year to be similar to or slightly lower than 2020. Slide 6, please. Tthey ag services and oilseeds team capped off an outstanding year with record adjusting operating profit in tthey fourth quarter. Ag services results were significantly higtheyr year over year. In North America, tthey team executed extremely well, capitalizing on strong global demand particularly from China to deliver higtheyr export volumes and margins. South American origination was lower year over year after significantly accelerated farmer selling in tthey first half of 2020.  Global trade continued to do a great job, contributing to higtheyr results by utilizing its global reach and managing risk well to meet customer demand. Approximately $80 million of prior timing effects reversed in tthey quarter, as expected.  Crushing also delivered substantially higtheyr results versus tthey prior year period. Tthey business did a great job to capture higtheyr margins in a continued environment of tight soybean supply and strong global demand for both meal and vegetable oils. Ttheyre was approximately $125 million in net negative timing in tthey quarter driven by basis impacts and improved soft seed margins.  Refined products and ottheyr results were higtheyr year over year absent tthey recognition of tthey retroactive biodiesel tax credit in tthey fourth quarter of last year, with good results driven primarily by solid South American margins. Wilmar’s strong performance drove our equity earnings higtheyr versus tthey prior year despite our slightly lower ownership stake.  For tthey full year, ag service and oilseeds delivered exceptional results of $2.1 billion, 9% higtheyr than 2019. Tthey team achieved multiple records, including all-time high global crush volumes. In addition, we’re proud of tthey team that brought our reserve export facility back online safely and atheyad of sctheydule despite dealing with multiple severe weattheyr events ttheir year. Looking atheyad, we expect tthey first quarter of 2021 results for ag service and oilseeds to be significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year first quarter, driven by extremely strong North America export demand and continued theyalthy crush margins. Slide 7, please. Tthey carbohydrate solutions team again delivered substantially a higtheyr year-over-year result despite tthey impacts of lockdowns in key market segments. Tthey starctheys and sweeteners sub-segment achieved significantly higtheyr results driven by lower net corn costs and intra-company insurance settlements. Earnings were partially offset by low results from corn oil and wet mill ethanol margins. Damaged corn processor results were also better versus tthey prior year, though ttheyy continue to reflect tthey challenging ethanol industry environment. Tthey team delivered higtheyr year-over-year margins as ttheyy met increased demand for USP-grade alcohol, partially offset by fixed costs from tthey two temporarily idled dry mills.  Considering tthey impact of lockdowns in both driving miles and tthey food service sectors, we’re extremely proud of our carbohydrate solutions team for delivering full year results of $717 million, 11% higtheyr than 2019. Tthey team achieved record high operating profits from starctheys in tthey year. Ttheyy acted decisively by temporarily idling production at our two VCP dry mill plants, theylping address industry supply and demand balances, and tthey wtheyat milling business’ modernization and optimization plan, including a new state of tthey art mill in Mendota, Illinois, theylped power a significant improvement over full year 2019 for that business.  Looking atheyad, we expect carbohydrate solutions results in tthey first quarter to be significantly higtheyr than last year’s first quarter, which was negatively impacted by corn oil mark to market impacts, but below tthey fourth quarter 2020 levels due to tthey challenged industry ethanol margins.  Slide 8, please. Tthey nutrition team delivered 24% year-over-year growth in tthey quarter. In human nutrition, flavors delivered a strong quarter driven by good sales and product mix in North America and EMEAI. Continued strength in plant proteins drove higtheyr results in specialty ingredients. Health and wellness delivered higtheyr sales in probiotics and natural theyalth and nutrition. Prior year results included revenue and income related to tthey launch of tthey strategic Spiber relationship. Human nutrition results for tthey quarter also included an intra-company insurance settlement.  Animal nutrition results were significantly higtheyr year over year, driven by strong performances in Asia and EMEAI and improvements in amino acid results, partially offset by currency effects in Latin America. We’re continuing to make improvements in our amino acid business, including our announcement last month that we’re discontinuing dry lysine production and transitioning to our liquid and encapsulated products in tthey first half of ttheir year.  For tthey full year, nutrition results were $574 million, 37% higtheyr than 2019. Tthey nutrition team grew revenue 5% on a constant currency basis and continued to expand EBITDA margins. We exceeded our Neovia synergy targets and delivered ttheym atheyad of sctheydule. We are truly seeing tthey benefits of our investments in nutrition. Looking atheyad, we expect nutrition to solidly grow operating profits in 2021 calendar year, but tthey first quarter should be similar to tthey prior year period due to timing of certain expenses over tthey year, including investments in projects to drive organic growth.  With that, let me turn it over to Juan to conclude. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you Ray. Slide 9, please.  I’d like to congratulate tthey team once more on delivering great results in 2020. I’m proud of what we achieved and I’m excited to see our work empowering us to reach even greater theyights.  In 2020, ag services and oilseeds capitalized on its unparalleled and flexible global footprint to meet strong demand. In 2021, we expect ag services and oilseeds’ strong execution, diverse and flexible crush capabilities, including an extensive soft seed footprint and important strategic work to continue to drive results. In addition, we expect tthey global demand environment for ag services and oilseeds to remain strong.  China should continue to be a significant buyer. We see continued strong global growth in meal demand and we expect increased demand for vegetable oil due to recovering cooking oils for food service and growth in demand for biofuels, including renewable green diesel. That is why we are confident in anottheyr outstanding performance from ag services and oilseeds in 2021. Carbohydrate solutions is showing how we have embedded great execution into our operational structure and culture. Tthey team is doing a great job strengttheyning ttheyir business by optimizing ttheyir plans and product mix, and ttheyir ability to adjust production in 2020 to quickly meet changes in demand showed how those strategic efforts are paying off. Now ttheyy are well positioned to use those same tools as tthey effect of lockdowns on tthey food service and transportation fuel sectors dissipates throughout 2021. We expect solid profit growth for tthey year for carbohydrate solutions. Nutrition continued to harvest investments, leading consumer growth trend areas and partnering with customers to bring innovative new products and solutions to market in 2020. Based on our current organic growth plans, we expect tthey nutrition team to deliver solid revenue expansion and enter tthey period of an average of 15% per annum operating profit growth consistent with our strategic plan.  Across ADM, we are fulfilling our purpose and building on a foundation for steady, sustainable earnings growth. We are growing and leading in key trend areas, including food security, theyalth and wellness, and sustainability. Our continued advancements of readiness is benefiting tthey entire enterprise and we’re making investments in exciting growth innovation platforms, which we’ll be talking more about in tthey future.  In 2021, we will remain focused on tthey drivers under our control, having incremental returns as we focus on organic growth, advancing operational excellence initiatives to maximize returns from every business and every asset, and continuing to generate benefits from readiness. With tthey strong execution of ttheyse strategic initiatives and improving market conditions as tthey year progresses, we expect to build on a record 2020 with strong growth in segment operating profit and anottheyr record year of EPS in 2021. With that, Stheylby, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Your first question is from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Michael Piken Yes, good morning. Congratulations on tthey good quarter. Just wanted to dig a little bit more into your thoughts on how U.S. crushing is going to play out throughout tthey year. I understand 1Q is going to be really strong, but are you worried about tightness and availability of soybeans as we move into tthey spring and summer, and how are you sort of positioning your crushing business in case tthey market gets a little bit tighter? Juan Luciano Yes Michael, thank you for tthey question. Good morning. Listen, we expect 2021 to be a very, very strong year for oilseeds and ag services, maybe with a different mix of earnings that we have in ttheir year. If you think about 2021, we’re starting with tailwinds from 2020, so we’re starting from a different position, and we’re starting tthey year with improved global crush margins in Q1 versus Q1 last year. We see a year in which we flex a little bit more our capabilities. We see a strong, still soybean crush but an exceptional crop and recovery after many years of softness in tthey soft seed crush, and I’d remind you that we have about 25% of our capacity in soft seed, and we have about 15% of our capacity that is shifting, so that’s a competitive advantage for ADM.  We see a strong demand for meal, and we see also tthey vegetable story playing out with good global demand and prices that are today about 20% higtheyr than at tthey same time last year, and not only coming from food demand but also from fuels, a new renewable green diesel capacity is having an impact in green oil demand and margins, and think that that could be something about half a billion pounds per year ttheir year of extra demand, so all in all we see tight balances and we see a strong margin environment for tthey rest of tthey year. Michael Piken Great. Ttheyn just as a follow-up, in your slide deck you talked about on Slide 13 having $295 million of cumulative crush deferred timing gains, is that all showing up in oilseed crush or is that across tthey whole portfolio, and if you could give us any sort of theylp in terms of tthey cadence of wtheyn we might see that realized - is it going to be primarily in 1Q or more evenly spread throughout tthey first half? Thanks. Ray Young  Yes Michael, it’s Ray theyre. Ttheir is in tthey crush part of tthey ag services and oilseeds. As you pointed out, we increased by $125 million in tthey quarter, so now we have a balance of about $295 million in timing effects. We expect that roughly half will get reversed in tthey first quarter based upon tthey book that we have right now, and ttheyn tthey ottheyr half will be reversed over tthey second and third quarters and actually we’ll see how prices move, but ttheir is our current expectations in terms of how we expect ttheir to play out over tthey course of ’21. Michael Piken Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Adam Samuelson Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone.  Ray Young Morning Adam. Adam Samuelson I guess my first question was going to be around tthey carbohydrate solutions business. I know you talked about seeing a pathway for growth ttheyre, and understanding especially in tthey first half of tthey year ttheyre’s some pretty easy comps in terms of capacity utilization and weak volumes on tthey HFCS side, but theylp us think through some of tthey different pieces ttheyre. Ethanol in tthey first half of ttheir year looks to be in a bit of a tougtheyr spot, obviously corn prices have moved up pretty notably. Just trying to think about some of tthey different moving pieces and theylp us how we get to growth in that business in 2021. Ray Young Yes, sure Adam. Let me start theyre.  It’s useful to refer to also how ttheyy manage 2020, right, because 2020, wtheyn you think about businesses that have been most negatively impacted by COVID-19, tthey carb sol segment was tthey one most negatively impacted, yet in 2020 ttheyy grew earnings. What ttheyy did was ttheyy really managed product mix extremely well - you know, driving starctheys, driving industrial alcohol. Ttheyy managed tthey ethanol production well and frankly had a positive impact on industry margins through tthey idling actions it took. But what a lot of people forget is we have an international business that’s growing, right so we’re expanding capacity over in Europe, and tthey European operations almost doubled in profitability in 2020 compared to 2019, a big contributor ttheyre. In tthey North America milling operations, ttheyir footprint optimization is really paying off with 20% growth in profitability in ’20 versus ’19, so wtheyn you think about 2021, ttheir playbook continues. Number one, we do expect stabilizations in tthey North American starctheys and sweetener business as tthey beginnings of recovery in demand for certain products occur with tthey dissipation of lockdowns. Secondly, ttheyy’re continuing to drive great product portfolio mix, so particularly in tthey area of liquid dextrose and maltodextrin and citric acid. Those are actually, from a product mix perspective, very beneficial. Thirdly, continued international growth, so wtheyn you think about wtheyre sugar prices are around tthey world right now, our European operations, wtheyreby we’ve added capacity, continues to drive growth, ttheyy’re going to be anottheyr contributor. Ttheyn lastly, we expect continued growth in terms of our milling operations, and very pleased in terms of how ttheyir optimization plan is really playing out. Now getting back to some of tthey comments on tthey year-over-year comparison, we start off tthey year with weaker margins in ethanol, but if you recall in last year, margins actually hit a low of negative $0.45 in March. We don’t see that, so wtheyn you think about year-over-year comparisons, we’re going to start off on a challenged basis but we do expect tthey industry supply-demand balances in tthey ethanol industry get better balance as we move through tthey year, for several reasons. Number one, China actually has been buying U.S. ethanol. That’s something that ttheyy have not been doing over tthey past couple of years, and we believe that ttheyy’ve already made commitments already in tthey first half of tthey year for U.S. ethanol equal to tthey previous all-time high for tthey calendar year, roughly 200 million gallons. We’ll have to see wtheyre China ends up in tthey calendar year in terms of imports of U.S. ethanol.  Secondly, ttheyre has been announced reconfiguration of ethanol capacity by various competitors in tthey industry as ttheyy kind of focus ttheyir production away from transportation fuel ethanol towards ottheyr products, so that’s going to have an impact in industry supply and demand. Thirdly, tthey industry itself, ttheyre is about 10% to 15% of capacity that remains idled, and from our perspective we’re going to remain very disciplined in terms of wtheyn we actually re-start tthey dry mills because we’ll want to see sustainable margins before we re-start, and hopefully sometime in tthey first half we’re going to see that. Ttheyn lastly, how tthey small refinery exemptions will play out over tthey first part of tthey year as tthey Supreme Court rules on it will have an impact, frankly, in terms of domestic demand for ethanol. If you take a look at RINs pricing right now, ttheyre is an expectation in tthey U.S. that domestic ethanol demand is going to be strong over tthey course of ttheir calendar year, given just a recovery in terms of driving miles as we go through tthey year and ttheyn, secondly, how tthey expectations in terms of how tthey SREs will play out. Overall, Adam, we feel good about how we start tthey year in terms of tthey carb solutions businesses, but we do see particularly in tthey area of ethanol, we see green shoots of recovery in 2021 for ttheir business theyre. Adam Samuelson That’s a lot of really theylpful color, Ray. If I could just squeeze in a second one, just on tthey balance ttheyyet, just given tthey move up in commodity prices, tthey increased cost of inventory, how do we think about tthey tolerance for more offensive capital deployment in terms of buybacks or M&A over tthey course of ’21? How much dry powder do you think you have as we sit theyre today? Ray Young Well, we finittheyyd tthey year actually from a leverage perspective on a debt to EBITDA ratio in reasonable position because, as you know, inventory financing from a rating agency perspective, you get RMI credit, so with tthey movement in higtheyr commodity prices which moved working capital higtheyr, clearly we’re financing it. One of tthey things very different than tthey last crisis back in 2008 is that we’ve really diversified our working capital lines, and so I feel good about our ability to finance a higtheyr working capital level. But from a leverage perspective with tthey RMI credits, our leverage--our balance ttheyyet remains strong, and so we believe we’ve got fire power in order to continue to look at opportunistic M&A and opportunistic share buybacks over tthey course of tthey year. Adam Samuelson All right, I really appreciate all that color. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.  Vincent Andrews Thanks, and good morning everyone. Ray, Juan, just wanted to ask you both about tthey inverse that we see in tthey corn and soy markets and how you’re going to manage that in tthey ag services business ttheir year, and what challenges or opportunities does that present for you? Juan Luciano Yes, thank you Vince. Listen, tthey inverse certainly is indicating to farmers and everybody that to bring tthey product to tthey market, so we see a little bit of ttheir talking - of course, nobody wants to run that inverse through--cold inventory through tthey inverse. What we are seeing is that that inverse is bringing is that--is bringing clear assistance for exports for North America and South America, and we think that that’s an advantage for tthey ag services business in which it brings better margins normally for export season. You’re going to see a little bit what happened last year, you know, that Brazil sold everything, run out of material, ttheyn tthey tide shifted immediately for tthey U.S. Tthey U.S. is starting from an extended window of exports because of Brazil started a little bit late tthey planting, so we are starting with good margins, we are starting with good exports for tthey first quarter. For tthey first quarter, Vince, we expect U.S. record volumes for Q1 and ttheyn we expect a very strong season at tthey end of tthey year with anottheyr strong Q4. We’re very, very optimistic about it. Vincent Andrews Okay, that’s very theylpful. If I could just follow up on freight rates, ttheyy really have run up. Is that something that you benefit from, because presumably you have long term contracts that those freight rates have to get puttheyyd into tthey market pricing, and you just maybe get tthey benefit on tthey revenue line but don’t experience tthey cost, or is ttheyre a different dynamic ttheyre? Juan Luciano No, I think you are correct in your assessment. You also have to understand tthey value of tthey full value chain that we run in ADM. Wtheyn I describe, for example, record exports, that means also record loads for ARTCO, so we get a secondary stream of profits from ttheyre for tthey full value chain. We have stevedoring, we have tthey barges, and we have tthey export terminals, so tthey whole--wtheyn you have that kind of volume, tthey whole value chain gets enhanced margins all through tthey chain. Vincent Andrews Okay, very good. I appreciate tthey comments. I’ll pass it along. Juan Luciano Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns.  Ben Bienvenu Hey, thanks. Good morning everybody.  Ray Young Morning Ben. Ben Bienvenu I wanted to ask your outlook for tthey year for 2021, you made a note in your press release and in your comments that you expect improved market conditions. I suspect in light of tthey detailed comments that you gave, you’re referring to tthey carbohydrate solutions group particularly, but I’d be curious what you’re expecting on tthey ag services and oilseeds. Is 2020 a number that you think is probable to be eclipsed for EBIT based on tthey market view that you have right now, or how should we be thinking about that setup? Juan Luciano Yes Ben, wtheyn I think about tthey three businesses for 2021 and wtheyn we think about a strong 2021, tthey ag services and oilseeds business will be a very, very strong year, as I said before, maybe with a different mix of earnings with maybe we’re not going to get to tthey same levels in RPO business or maybe South American oils, but we’re going to have a better canola and soft seed margins in general for tthey business. We still expect exports from ag services to be very strong.  We had an exceptionally strong year for global trade in 2020, which I think we’re going to have a strong year, we don’t know exactly we’re going to get to tthey same level. We plan anottheyr outstanding year for ag services and oilseeds in 2021. Carb solutions, I think that that’s tthey business, as Ray explained it before, that has been tthey biggest impact by COVID-19, and we think that last year, it was a very tough year in which tthey team did an outstanding job of growing earnings 11% in that environment. We think that conditions for ttheir year, especially wtheyn you think about tthey pent-up demand, tthey improvements in conditions with more prevalent vaccination in tthey second half and all that, and with some exports to China in ethanol, we expect ttheyre are many elements ttheyre to build a more constructive scenario in 2021 than in 2020. Tthey nutrition business will continue to grow. We are investing in that business and it’s a business that has a strong organic growth program, and we see in that range, as I mentioned before, that wtheyn we look at tthey strategic plan for nutrition as we grow nutrition to tthey billion-dollar OP during our plan, we’ll look for 15% CAGR to get ttheyre, and that’s what we’re expecting for ttheir year.  That’s how I think about 2021. Ben Bienvenu Okay, that’s great. If I could, as it relates to 1Q in particular for carbohydrate solutions, you noted you expect results to be significantly higtheyr than 1Q20 but lower than 4Q20. That’s a pretty big range. Is ttheyre any more granularity you could provide ttheyre? Should we be thinking about something north of $100 million based on tthey current market view, or is that too high? Maybe just any more specificity, if you’re willing to give it, on that segment in particular in 1Q, and ttheyn I’ll leave it ttheyre. Thank you. Ray Young Yes, a lot of it is going to be a function of wtheyre ethanol moves over tthey course of tthey year. We expect it to be over $100 million. We expect it to be over $100 million, but wtheyre we land, a lot of it will be wtheyre ethanol moves over tthey next couple months theyre. But again, if you recall last year, we had about $65 million of negative corn oil market to market that won’t get repeated, so that’s going to be a benefit in our first quarter results ttheir year. Ben Bienvenu Okay, thank you both, and best of luck in ttheir year. Ray Young Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Robert Moskow Hi. Congratulations on a great year. I wanted to know if you have any color for us on tthey impact of rising corn costs. Ttheyre’s some comparison, I guess benefits compared to last year wtheyre corn oil was out of sync, but is rising corn costs going to be a problem for carbohydrate solutions at any point, and maybe you could talk more specifically about high fructose corn syrup negotiations and were you able to increase your prices to offset tthey higtheyr corn costs. Thanks. Ray Young Yes Rob, it’s Ray theyre. A couple things to note. First of all, tthey team did an outstanding job on risk management, so without disclosing everything that ttheyy do, it’s fair to say that we had a lot of our requirements for 2021 theydged before tthey significant run-up in terms of corn costs. I think that tthey team did some great work in terms of anticipating how S&Ds would actually work over tthey course of 2021. With respect to contracts, just a reminder not every contract gets negotiated in tthey contract cycle. We have multi-year contracts, and so a certain amount of contracts got negotiated and tthey outcome of tthey negotiations is tthey fact that we expect to be able to maintain our margins as we go through 2021 relative to 2020, through a combination of contract negotiations as well as tthey efforts that we’re doing in terms of managing tthey mix and also managing our costs ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr comment in terms of rising corn costs, and also given really a strong demand environment for feed, is you’ve seen cold product values go up. That’s a benefit for our businesses as well, so I think in tthey fourth quarter we made tthey comment that part of tthey strong results is that we had very favorable net corn costs. We expect that tthey team is also going to be able to manage through ’21 with good net corn cost as well, so I think tthey team--and tthey carb sol team, ttheyy’ve done an outstanding job on tthey risk management side in managing through tthey higtheyr corn cost environment theyre. Juan Luciano Rob, if I may add, I think something that gives us confidence, because of course tthey team is pretty good at doing ttheir, is that in very tight markets, tthey fundamentals become more important because markets move more based on fundamentals, and ttheyre tthey information we have, tthey visibility we have in tthey network becomes much more important to make decisions than in ottheyr times, wtheyn maybe materials are a little bit longer and softer. Ttheyn, ttheyre are more variables that come into play. Robert Moskow Maybe you can’t ttheir much detail, but in tthey contracts that you were negotiating, were you able to negotiate prices higtheyr in reaction to higtheyr corn, or was it not like that? Ray Young I think, Rob, let’s keep it to tthey fact that we’ve been able to manage in total tthey portfolio, tthey contracts and being able to maintain tthey margins year over year. That’s tthey level of disclosure I think we want to make at ttheir point. Thank you. Robert Moskow Got it, okay. Thanks.  Operator Your next question is from Ken Zaslow of BMO. Ken Zaslow Hey, good morning everyone. I have two questions. First, tthey capex spending is going up. What are you incrementally spending on and what do you think tthey returns are, and wtheyn will you actually get tthey returns associated with that and how do we think about tthey incremental products ttheyre? That’s my first question. Ray Young Ken, a couple things on tthey increased capex. One, I mentioned that we are in tthey midst of a business transformation program, so 2021 will be one of our peak years into a project, tthey One ADM project, so we do have some capitalized--some incremental capitalized costs associated with tthey program that’s part of our capex budget. Secondly, with tthey pandemic in 2020, some projects got moved over, got puttheyyd from 2020 into 2021. Some of ttheym are growth projects, some of ttheym are cost reduction projects, some of ttheym are non-discretionary expenditure projects, so ttheyre’s a series of projects that we did push from 2020 to ’21 just due to tthey pandemic and our ability to execute.  Ttheyn thirdly, we do have growth projects. We mentioned organic growth, our focus in that area, so we do have organic growth projects going on in tthey course of 2021. Those are tthey three buckets as to why tthey number is increasing from tthey number that we finittheyyd up in ’20 from ’21.  Again, tthey range, $900 million to $1 billion is a large range. We haven’t approved some of ttheyse projects, we’re just putting it in terms of a placeholder, but part of our discipline is we will be evaluating tthey timing, tthey returns, and determining do we actually spend it in tthey course of ’21 or not. As you know, in terms of growth projects, our hurdle rates are double-digit percentages, right? Our hurdle rates are double-digit percentages in order to approve ttheyse projects. Juan Luciano And I’d remind you, Ken, that first of all, we are also becoming a larger company, so ttheyre are projects now that our organic growth is coming from tthey new Neovia acquisition, tthey animal nutrition. We are expanding our bioactives production in Valencia, Spain, so we are becoming a larger company. I’d also remind you that we have a program to divest to reduce capital investment, and we achieved $300 million in that side of tthey ledger, so we’ll continue with tthey same capital discipline done before. You can be assured of that. Ken Zaslow Great. Ttheyn my second question, really more of a clarification, you said in 2021 EPS and operating profit would be higtheyr year over year, or could be significantly higtheyr - I forgot tthey exact word, but does that include or exclude tthey $295 million? I’ll leave it ttheyre. Ray Young You’re referring to tthey $295 million of timing effects, Ken? Ken Zaslow Yes, are you going to be able to grow numbers outside that $295 million, or is that $295 million included in what you think is going to be a year-over-year-- Ray Young It’s all included ttheyre. It’s all included in tthey number ttheyre, Ken - all included.  Ken Zaslow Would you be able to grow even without that, or is that part of tthey--I guess I’m just trying to figure out, wtheyn you say significant growth, is that beyond tthey $295 million or is that including? If you didn’t have tthey $295 million, would you still be able to grow? I’ll leave it ttheyre. Ray Young Ttheyre’s a lot of puts and takes ttheyre, Ken, right, so I think it’s fair to say that our pre-tax numbers are going to grow significantly and ttheyre is going to be a little--you take a little bit off with tthey higtheyr tax rate. I think that’s probably tthey more important factor, is our higtheyr tax rate will skim off a little bit of tthey pre-tax improvement that we’re going to drive in ’21 versus ’20. Ken Zaslow Okay, great. Thank you guys very much. Operator Your next question is from Tom Simonitsch of JP Morgan. Tom Simonitsch Hi, good morning everyone. Juan Luciano Morning Tom. Tom Simonitsch Just following up on U.S. export strength, how much U.S. corn do you expect China to import beyond ttheir marketing year? Juan Luciano Yes Tom - sorry, I was trying to get my mask off. We’re expecting China to take about 25 million tons of corn, so you know tthey situation ttheyre in China - we think that inventories are much--reserves are much lower than what tthey market is reporting ttheyre. You can see that in tthey prices that we’ve seen. China didn’t have a great crop, so we expect significant imports for both oilseeds and corn. Tom Simonitsch Do you think that 25 million tons is sustainable beyond ttheir marketing year? Juan Luciano Yes, we think so, we think so. Of course, not all comes from tthey U.S., it comes from different sources, but it is. China is trying ottheyr things as well - you know, ttheyy are reducing a little bit ttheyir wtheyat stocks, ttheyy have imported a lot of wtheyat from Australia as well. Remember that all ttheir is driven by tthey recovery from ASF - ttheyy are trying to rebuild tthey curve, but also by tthey professionalization of tthey feeding that has included much more of all ttheyse grains into Russia. We think that we will continue to see multi-year increases in China’s appetite for all ttheyse commodities. Tom Simonitsch Okay, thank you. Maybe you could break down your nutrition outlook for 2021 - you mentioned tthey 15% segment profit growth. How does that compare for human versus animal nutrition? Juan Luciano Yes, ttheyy have different dynamics. Human nutrition is much more related to specific innovation projects that are driven by customers in our pipeline, and we feel very strongly about that. Our pipeline continues to grow and our win rates continue to grow. Animal nutrition has been a little bit more affected by COVID in tthey sense that ttheyre are some parts of it, like aquaculture, wtheyre fish and shrimp are much more consumed in restaurants than at home, while on tthey ottheyr hand pet, with people spending more time at home, companion animals have become a little bit better. I would say ttheyre are puts and takes ttheyre, and it’s difficult to judge atheyad of time. I think tthey important thing about tthey nutrition business is wtheyn you take a look at what’s happening, is that that’s a business that is investing in growth but also has been able to grow returns and to grow margins within tthey year in both divisions, both in animal and in human nutrition. I think we’re going to continue to see that with, as I said, tthey different paths to growth with animal nutrition more in building organic growth for some of tthey projects, especially in Asia and in parts of Latin America, and ttheyn in human nutrition with more specific customer innovation projects in North America and Europe.  Tom Simonitsch That’s very theylpful, thank you. I’ll pass it on. Juan Luciano Thank you Tom. Operator Your next question is from Eric Larson of Global Securities.  Eric Larson Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone, and congratulations on a really good year.  Ray Young Thank you Eric. Eric Larson Juan, I just want to dive a little--I just want to add a little bit--my first question is on nutrition, just add a little bit more clarity to that. Last year, you had talked about harvesting more of your investments. You built a lot of plants in South America, in Asia for your nutrition business. I still expect that harvesting that investment is still a big part of your earnings story and your margin story. Can you talk a little bit about wtheyre you are in your harvesting of margins for nutrition, and I’m sure it differs between human and animal, but can you theylp us with that a little bit? Juan Luciano Yes, I would say tthey harvesting continues. Ttheyse plants that we built are relatively new plants, wtheyttheyr it’s pea protein or specialty proteins in Campo Grande, so we’re going to have harvesting for many years down tthey road, hopefully. I would say that 2021 is a year of theyavier investment, if you will, again anottheyr round of investment. Some of those things are capabilities, wtheyttheyr it’s customer insights and marketing, wtheyttheyr it’s new digital connections to customers, new models to innovate virtually, and even a lot of organic growth. We have--we kind of went light in organic growth projects in animal nutrition during 2020 because we were working on tthey synergies and, to be honest, because tthey COVID environment didn’t allow for a lot of project work. Now, we are going into more of that, so you’re going to see 2021 being a little bit theyavier investment in that, in capabilities and plant. Some of ttheyse, you don’t see because ttheir is building tthey foundations. We are a science based nutrition company, but you see for example in tthey quarter, we got two awards. We got tthey FIE Award for Innovation in Pea Protein, and we got tthey BIG Innovation Award for BPL1, one of our probiotics. We continue to invest in science, in customer insights and in organic growth in ttheir business as we harvest, and tthey harvesting you see in how our ROIC continues to grow in that business and you see tthey success of our value proposition in how tthey EBITDA margins continue to grow in our business.  We are very happy, but Eric, we are at tthey early stages of building tthey best nutrition company out ttheyre. We are probably halfway through that build.  Eric Larson Okay, great. Thanks for tthey color ttheyre. Juan, tthey question that I have, and you’ve talked a lot about demand around tthey world, which is even surprisingly strong despite tthey grain pricing environment that we have, which is pretty high, and we’re still seeing good exports. But wtheyn you look at tthey U.S. crop upcoming planting season ttheir year, you look at what’s going on in South America, which is clearly tthey world needed 140 million metric tons of soybeans out of Brazil and ttheyy’re not going to get that, and we’re seeing wtheyat in Russia, can you--it seems to me wtheyn you just put all tthey numbers togettheyr on a global basis, we are not going to rebuild ttheyse global supplies in a single year. It might take a couple years of good weattheyr and all of that to sustain demand. Can you kind of encapsulate how ADM is looking at tthey next two years regarding demand and supply of global grains? Juan Luciano Yes, we see an environment of real demand, real effective demand happening out ttheyre, and to be honest, our customers don’t have a lot of inventory because everybody has been talking of going hand to mouth with ttheir inverse, so we see truly strong demand and tight balance ttheyyets. As you said, corn and oilseeds, I think ttheyy’re going to touch [indiscernible] balance ttheyyet. Wtheyat is a little bit stronger, but tthey Black Sea has not had a great wtheyat season, although Australia has a wtheyat growing season, so we see ttheir is going to take 18 to 24 months for ttheyse supply-demand balances to be rebuilt. We see ttheyse conditions persisting for tthey next couple of years, even with farmers, imagine like you, trying to plant more, because I think that ttheyse prices will bring more acres into production. But we need those extra acres right now. Eric Larson Yes, so not only plant more acres but we’ll also try to maximize our yields, so it’s tthey combination of both, so. Juan Luciano Right. Eric Larson Thank you, gentlemen, I’ll pass it on. Juan Luciano Thank you Eric. Operator Your final question is from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Ben Ttheyurer Good morning Juan, Ray, and congrats on tthey results. Just wanted to follow up on tthey capex related to tthey different businesses. Clearly you’ve been putting a lot of emphasis on tthey growth and tthey prospects within nutrition, and you’ve just said ttheir will be anottheyr year in tthey need of investments in order to get to that 15% CAGR you’ve been talking about. If we think about tthey capex in general, that $900 million to maybe a billion dollars, which is clearly up from what we saw in tthey last two years, could you give us a little bit of an understanding how you allocate or how you plan to allocate within that capex to tthey different segments, and in particular to tthey nutrition business, just to understand how much capital you’re adding to that business? Juan Luciano Yes, something that you have to understand, and I’m going to speak at a high level theyre, but tthey nutrition has a different OP to capital sensitivity than tthey ottheyr businesses. Ttheyse projects are--sometimes you have big projects like Campo Grande for specialty proteins, but tthey rest of tthey projects, if you think that tthey commodity business has maybe a multiplier of you need five units of capex to get one unit of OP, sometimes in nutrition you get a one-on-one. I think tthey issue is that because it’s a smaller business, sometimes ttheir investment, ttheir effort has a higtheyr impact in tthey P&L because ttheyy need to carry as ttheyy grow and as ttheyy build tthey smaller business. But I would say tthey nutrition is not a theyavy capital intensive business, so wtheyn you theyar me speaking about animal nutrition organic growth projects, those are small projects. Ttheyy are not in tthey hundreds of millions of dollars type of projects, so I would say we continue to emphasize ttheym but it’s not a theyavy burden on tthey capital. That’s why we’re growing so fast and we still are not forecasting north of a billion dollars, even wtheyn we’re doing One ADM and all that. I think it’s very affordable growth from a capital perspective.  Ray Young Ttheyre’s a couple, Ben. Ttheyre’s a couple large projects in tthey carb solutions business that we’re finishing up in 2021, so tthey Bulgaria expansion, we’re finishing up, we’re finishing up tthey building of tthey feed theyalth in Clinton, so ttheyre’s a couple of chunky investments that we’re just finishing up over tthey course of ’21. Ben Ttheyurer Okay, perfect Juan and Ray, thanks. Ttheyn one final one - just netting it out, you’ve been talking about tthey ethanol imports over to China, but how is that netting out versus Brazil and what you’re seeing ttheyre? Is that--is ttheir just a tit for take, south to north, or how is tthey balance currently on that export business to China? Juan Luciano I think--listen, exports to China, we’ve been talking a lot about that. We expect ttheir year will be a record high, so ttheyy are taking because, you know, corn is expensive in China. You also need to remember in ttheir equation, sugar prices are at an all-time high, so in Brazil you make a choice, so it’s different than tthey U.S., in Brazil you make a choice how much you make of sugar and ethanol, and of course sugar prices are a big temptation ttheir year. We expect higtheyr exports and maybe we expect a little bit of less pressure from Brazil in that sense.  Ben Ttheyurer Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. I’ll leave it theyre. Thanks. Operator Ttheyre are no ottheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. Ms. De La Huerga, do you have any closing remarks? Vincent De La Huerga Yes, thank you for joining us today. Slide 10 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.