Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Bank of America 2021 Global Agriculture & Materials Conference March 3, 2021 2:00 PM ET Company Participants Ray Young - Executive Vice President & CFO Conference Call Participants Luke Wattheyyr - BofA Securities Luke Wattheyyr Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. My name is Luke Wattheyyr and I’m an analyst on tthey U.S. Ctheymicals teams with Bank of America. And today it’s my pleasure to host Ray Young CFO of ADM, one of tthey world’s largest [agriculture] processors in tthey world. And tthey leading ingredients provider for animal and human theyalth products. Before get started ray will provide some opening remarks and ttheyn we will jump on to Q&A. For anybody ttheyy want to ask questions please feel free submit tthey question Veracast app and I would be happy to lay ttheyse questions to Ray as we go to tthey session. With that Ray thanks for joining us today and floor is yours. Ray Young Thanks Luke and thanks having me gain ttheir year. Ttheir always is one of my favorite conferences to attend given tthey one for tthey weattheyr and location as tthey Midwest winter winds down. I know ttheir year we are going to be ttheir virtually. So I will be [indiscernible] for my opening remarks. First, I hope all of you attending today are well, safe and theyalthy. I did remember one year ago wtheyn tthey COVID-19 outbreak was starting to spread in United States that was my last visit before tthey country went into lockdown in mid-March. It is incredible that’s been a full year we have adopted to ttheir pandemic environment. For ADM 2020 was an important year not only that we [indiscernible] our purpose of unlocking nature during which tthey lives [indiscernible] around tthey world and we did ttheir as I keeping tthey global food supply chain flowing without disruptions in tthey pandemic, but in 2020 we were able to [indiscernible] ttheir purpose and also provide strong financial performance and returns for our shareholders. Record adjusted earnings per share of $3.59, adjusted segment operating profits 12% higtheyr than 2019, adjusted ROIC almost 200 basis points above our annual weighted average cost of capital. We are very, very proud of what our ADM colleagues achieved in 2020 and doing it in a safe manner. Now, as I look atheyad to 2021, it's hard to believe that we've already got two months behind us already. I am confident in tthey momentum from 2020 continuing ttheir year and beyond, we do expect strong growth and operating profit anottheyr record year in earnings per share. Sustainability is playing front and center in our strategy in our growth plans. Tthey foundation has been built for sustainable earnings and returns growth in tthey years to come. And most importantly, we're going to continue to fulfill our purpose of unlocking nature and enriching life. With that, let's start-off our chat, Luke. Thank you. Luke Wattheyyr Great, thanks, Ray. So if we just [indiscernible] with our audience, since you and Juan have been managing tthey company for tthey past 5, 10 years, ADM has undergone quite tthey transformation. You've made purchase -- a large purchase in 2014 of Wild Flavors, you've invested some businesses, acquired ottheyr smaller businesses, done quite a bit of capital reduction initiatives and ottheyr things like that. So can you talk about while you've been at ADM, however, tthey priorities changed during that time? And kind of what are your key priorities now? Ray Young Well, look, let me let me talk a little bit about really tthey evolution and tthey transformation from three different perspectives. Tthey first from tthey company purpose perspective. Secondly, from tthey business portfolio perspective, and thirdly, just from a financial targets perspective. So first, on purpose, companies do evolve over time. And for ADM, for those who are old enough like me, who may remember tthey tagline supermarket to tthey world. Well, that was tthey purpose many years ago. Today, we still have a noble purpose relate to feeding tthey world. But our purpose has furttheyr evolved to meet tthey three important global trends that we've identified. Number one, global food security, two theyalth and well-being of people, and third, sustainability. That's why our new purpose revealed last year is unlocking nature enriching lives. And we've been evolving to meet ttheyse trends over tthey past six years under one's leadership. Second on business portfolio, you can see that we've adjusted our business portfolio to meet ttheyse three evolving trends. on global food security, you've seen how our global trade, business and ag services have four to five ttheyir supply chain purposes, and focus on businesses such as destination marketing, took in order to feed tthey different parts of tthey world, we made sure risk management is around our important asset base. And improving our asset base using precision EVA to make sure that tthey assets that we have retained deliver on returns to our business. On theyalth and well-being you've seen tthey development of our nutrition business over tthey years, but tthey acquisition of Wild Flavors back in 2014, a series of bolt-ons, organic growth investments, expansion of R&D and innovation, including tthey area of probiotics and tthey gut microbiome and in tthey recent acquisition of Neovia in tthey animal nutrition space. We are now one of tthey largest nutrition companies in tthey world. And on sustainability, you can see that we've moved into products that are better for tthey environment, wtheyttheyr it be alternative proteins or starctheys for recyclable packaging or partnerships with companies that are creating new materials to replace petroleum based products, or being an important feedstock supplier for renewable green diesel. Thirdly, and lastly, from a financial objectives purpose, we've been very, very clear, we want to increase tthey returns on our business to our capital providers with a 10% ROIC objective. We want to grow early and increasing EVA with a more predictable and sustainable earnings stream, regardless of tthey industry cycle in ag. And we want to continue to be great stewards of capital for shareholders with a balance cap allocation that includes a very important dividend component. So that's how I kind of summarize tthey transformation that we've been going on for tthey past couple of years though. Luke Wattheyyr That's theylpful. And maybe wtheyn you look 5 to 10 years out, how do you see ADM transforming itself in tthey next 5 to 10 years? I know you've focused a lot on nutrition and optimizing your core assets. But, what does tthey ADM look like to you in that 5, 10 years? Ray Young I think we're going to basic build upon what we've done over tthey past couple of years. And I do think, again, tthey three trends identified food security, theyalth and wellness, sustainability, ttheyse are going to be critical components in terms of how we're going to be driving our strategy, executing and frankly growing our company theyre. So ttheyrefore, you should continue to see us being very, very consistent in terms of first what driving things are under our control. But frankly, again, leveraging tthey trends that we're seeing in terms of growing our business furttheyr into tthey future theyre. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. So let's turn to tthey market conditions. Clearly, we're in a different operating environment than we've seen over tthey last five years, you've seen agricultural commodity prices rise significantly soybean, corn, canola even sunflower seeds are hitting highs that we haven't seen in several years theyre. Anything stocks and important countries are low demand for soybean, [indiscernible] oil seem to be increasing. So wtheyn we look at tthey ag environment right now. What are tthey key elements in your mind driving ttheir change that we've seen? And how sustainable is that in your view? And how does that impact your business do you think over tthey next eittheyr ttheir year or next year and how we go from theyre? Ray Young Well, first Luke, we expect a very strong 2021, as we stated in our last quarterly earnings call with continued strong execution of our strategic initiatives and improving market conditions as tthey year progresses. And we expect to build on a record 2020 with strong growth in operating profits anottheyr record year of earnings per share. So wtheyn we think about tthey fundamental backdrop of global demand, we're seeing ttheir continue, right we're seeing ttheir continue, we expect, again, with a recovery from post COVID-19 return of many elements of demand that frankly, were pretty weak last year in 2020. So wtheyn I take a look at tthey segments, as example ag services and oil seeds, I expect robust demand from China to continue, which we believe is really a medium-term ptheynomenon. Ttheir is not a one year ptheynomenon, because as an example, tthey hog theyrd continues to rebuild in China and with tthey professionalization of tthey hog theyrd and tthey fee. Inclusion rates of feed, wtheyttheyr it be from soybean or from corn is going to continue to increase. So we see strong -- continued strong demand coming from China. In respect to soybean meal or ottheyr types of meals, we expect tthey global demand to continue to fall to 2% to 3% trend rate that we've talked about in tthey past. And lastly, ttheir new element of vegetable oil demand we expect strong demand for oils, vegetable oils, because of really tthey new renewable green diesel element that we've seen recently occurring theyre in United States and around tthey world. In carbohydrate solutions, which again, ttheir is tthey segment, probably most negatively impacted by COVID-19 in 2020. We're expecting that tthey recovery as a country returns to more normality in terms of demand, driving miles to food service sector, we expect tthey market condition to vastly improve for carbohydrate solutions in tthey second half of ttheir year. And ttheyn with respect to nutrition, which probably was less impacted by a lot of factors that impacted tthey world last year. We expect nutrition to continue to drive ttheyir growth rate in terms of both revenue and profitability and we probably talked about tthey billion dollar operating profit objective in 2024. And so we think that we're going to be on a trajectory towards that in 2021. And so just to conclude on ttheir subject, we expect that tthey environment that I described theyre is not just a one year environment, we think ttheir is a multiyear environment that's unfolding in front of us for ADM. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. So looking at that opportunity, particularly China, because I think that is something that people are asking ttheymselves, how sustainable are Chinese imports? Because ttheyy've imported quite a bit of corn, which we haven't seen ttheym do. And ttheyy're obviously importing very strong levels of soybeans, is your view that and you mentioned ttheir a little bit earlier, as your view that right now ttheyy're importing what ttheyy can consume or do you think that ttheyre is some kind of putting it into inventory to save, because China has made a focus to preserve ttheyir self sufficiency. But do you think that ttheyy can't really do that all in one year, it's going to be a multiyear ptheynomenon? Ray Young I think tthey main reason why China is aggressive buying agricultural products from around tthey world is just fundamental demand. I mean, that's tthey primary driver as to why China has been aggressive importing last year. And we expect ttheym to continue to be aggressive importing ttheir year. Wtheyn you think about China, ttheyy recovered from COVID-19 very rapidly, in ttheir -- particular, in tthey second half of tthey year, and you saw strong domestic growth in ttheyir economies ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr important ptheynomenon that's occurring in China is tthey rebuilding of tthey hog theyrd after tthey African swine fever issues that we had several years ago. I know, ttheyre's been talk about a resurgence of ASF in China recently, particularly in norttheyrn provinces and little bit of central provinces. But we think that ttheir is going to be contained, I think tthey Chinese government will be very focused on containing ttheir outbreak. I think tthey sanitary conditions and a lot of ttheyse newer farms, ttheyse larger farms are much better than what ttheyy had several years ago. And ttheyy've also shifted a lot of tthey hog raising away from smaller farmers or what I call tthey backyard farms into tthey professional hog racing operations, wtheyreby tthey conditions, tthey sanitary conditions are far better and ttheyy can actually control tthey disease. So tthey rebuilding of tthey hog theyrd, which will result in feeding more professional feed, theynce, higtheyr inclusion rates, is going to drive continued strong demand for feed. And so as an example, we talked about 100 million metric tons of soybean imports into China in 2021, I think we feel very comfortable with that number, it's maybe even going to pick up a little bit higtheyr than that. And ttheyn tthey big delta in 2021 will be corn. You know, we've talked about China importing 25 million metric tons of corn in 2021. And that's much higtheyr than traditionally that ttheyy will buy maybe 5 million metric tons from around tthey world. And ttheir is just an example of tthey fact that ttheyir corn reserves have come down dramatically. In China, ttheyy've had some corn crop issues last year's due to tthey typhoon. But again, it gets back to more professional rations and higtheyr inclusion rates of soybean meal and corn mill in terms of ttheyir feed. So ttheir is fundamental demand Luke, which is driving what China is doing in terms of importation of agricultural products from around tthey world. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Luke Wattheyyr And maybe one more on China earlier ttheir year, ttheyy made a fairly substantial purchase of ethanol. And I think ttheyre are questions over wtheyttheyr that was more of an opportunistic purchase or could be tthey start of a larger buying program. Ttheyy said in tthey past, ttheyy talked about doing an E10 policy. Do you have any views ttheyre on what could develop ttheyre or is your views ttheir is more opportunistic or as more potential? Ray Young I think ttheyre's more potential Luke. I think we indicated in tthey last call that we felt that China's already made commitments to about 200 million gallons of ethanol imports from United States in tthey first six months of tthey year. And ttheyy're actually doing that right now. So we feel good about that. Now, we'll have to see what ttheyy're going to do in tthey back half of tthey year. But don't forget, tthey recovery of tthey Chinese economy, which means more driving miles more gasoline demand. And ttheyre are provinces within China ttheyy already have a 10% blend rate in terms of ethanol, right. So you don't need to expand tthey mandate of tthey 10% blend in order to actually require more ethanol in tthey country. Natural recovery of tthey economies particularly in ttheyse provinces is going to drive more ethanol demand. And again, with higtheyr corn prices in China, and frankly a little bit of a shortage of corn. I suspect some of tthey ethanol plants within tthey country are a little bit challenged in terms of producing ethanol and theynce, I think tthey importation decision is based upon tthey need for additional ethanol in order to kind of fuel tthey requirements in tthey country. It will be interesting as to wtheyttheyr China ttheyn eventually starts moving towards a national E10 mandate or national E10 blending requirement. That's something we're going to keep our eyes and ears on to see wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to move in that direction or not. Luke Wattheyyr Great. And looking at more recent events, just a week, maybe a few weeks ago, our U.S. appeals court made a ruling that is expected to significantly tighten small refinery waivers, which is something that has plagued tthey ethanol industry, particularly under tthey Trump administration, a lot of those forgiven during their time. So it looks like ttheir could be a tailwind for you, for those in tthey ethanol industry. Maybe looking more broadly, are ttheyre any ottheyr opportunities you see for furttheyr policy tailwind under tthey new administration, wtheyttheyr it be an expansion of tthey renewable fuel standard or even an expansion maybe a national mandate for tthey low carbon fuel standard that we see in California? Ray Young Well, we are encouraged in terms of tthey 10th circuit court decision, which basically ruled that some of tthey waivers that were granted in tthey past for small refiners were invalid. It was also a very encouraging that recently, tthey EPA actually issued a statement as well indicating tthey supported tthey 10th circuit court decision that disallowed some of ttheyse exemptions that were granted. You know, as ttheir case is now going to tthey U.S. Supreme Court and we'll have to determine how tthey U.S. Supreme Court rules, I think ttheir will probably be towards tthey end of tthey second quarter wtheyn ttheyy'll make a ruling, and ttheyn we'll find out what tthey decision is. But what's very important is that even in tthey absence of that particular decision, how tthey small refinery exemptions going to work in tthey future is going to be different than tthey past. So EPA is already determined that if ttheyy're going to grant in tthey future, small refinery exemptions or SREs, ttheyy're going to make tthey appropriate adjustments in terms of tthey required blending that so called 15 billion gallon mandate, ttheyy'll make tthey appropriate adjustments in order to do that. So tthey way we talked about internally is in tthey future a 15 billion gallon renewable fuel standard required means 15 billion gallons, wtheyreas in tthey past with tthey SREs 15 billion gallons, meant to say 13.5 billion gallons. And so ttheir is very important, right? Ttheir is an important, very important in terms of what's going to happen in our ethanol industry going forward, because it's going to require people to comply with tthey 15 billion gallons as opposed to seek waivers. And if ttheyy can't blend, ttheyy're going to have to basically buy rings in order to meet ttheyir obligation. And you've seen what has happened recently, in terms of rings prices, ttheyy've started trading above $1 a gallon. So tthey markets are anticipating all ttheir. So our sense, in terms of what's going to happen ttheir year in terms of tthey ethanol industry is that we should actually start seeing a better supply and demand balance in terms of ethanol stocks. You know, we're actually very encouraged that ethanol stocks have actually started coming down right now, a lot of that driven by tthey cold weattheyr shutdowns that occurred in tthey month of February in tthey industry, right. But we do think that a combination of how tthey SRE is going to be treated going forward. In combination with frankly, a recovery of driving miles in tthey United States is particularly as tthey vaccines get rolled-out and people start returning back to a little bit more normal life and people start driving again, I think that's going to be a positive for SMDs in terms of ethanol. Now with respect your question on tthey Biden administration, and clearly, ttheyy're going to be very supportive about favorable environmental policies and so. What we see, how ttheyy're going to evolve tthey renewable fuel standards wtheyn it comes up for reassessment in a couple of years from now. But clearly, I think tthey movement for example California low carbon fuel standards, and I suspect that many ottheyr states in tthey United States will move in that direction in order to frankly to support a theyalthier environment for tthey country theyre. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. And maybe looking at tthey low carbon fuel standard, something that's been talked about quite a bit recently that I'm sure you've theyard ton about is renewable diesel. So wtheyn you look at ADMs, participation in ttheir market, clearly, ttheir could be just simply a use for your soybean and corn oil, actually. So if you view ttheir as largely a demand driver for those oils, soybean oil particularly or do you think that ADM could move furttheyr down tthey value chain to a JV or should that market develop more? Ray Young Well, Luke, I don't see ADM, becoming a refiner of renewable green diesel. I don't think from a cap allocation perspective we want to go down that particular route. Why I do believe that ADM will be an important feedstock supplier to tthey renewable green diesel industry. Wtheyn you take a look at tthey supply demand balances and tthey growth of renewable green diesel. Now, people talked about 3 billion gallons of new renewable green diesel capacity over tthey next three or four years and let's assume that even two-thirds of that materialize you're talking about 2 billion gallons right. And that will require about 15 billion pounds of feedstock. That's a lot of feedstock, wtheyn you have -- and to give you a perspective what 15 billion pounds means I mean last year, we pride U.S. industry probably produce about 24 billion pounds of soybean oil, right. And so in order to meet ttheir incremental demand, clearly, unused cooking oil within recovery tthey food service sector, ttheyre's going to be more unused cooking oil available to go towards renewable green diesel operations. I think that you're probably going to see some diversion of exports of soybean oil from tthey export markets into tthey domestic market, you're probably going to see some shift between biodiesel and renewable green diesel. But regardless how you kind of do tthey arithmetic, it's going to be an environment wtheyreby soybean oil is going to be very, very valued by tthey industry as an important feedstock to support tthey growth of renewable green diesel. So we think ttheir is going to be a very favorable multiyear ptheynomenon for tthey North American soy crush industry. And so from our perspective, what are we doing? Well, first of all, we're looking to debottleneck our plants in order to make sure that we can actually provide incremental supply. Well, we look at expansion. Well, we always look at low cost expansion. So I call Brownfield opportunities that can actually add incremental capacity. But I do think ttheir is a favorable environment, frankly, a very favorable environment for vegetable oil demand over tthey next five years as an example, because I think that people always ask me what about tthey electrification of trucks right, now tthey electrification theyavy duty trucks is probably on a horizon far longer than let's say, passenger cars. And so I do believe renewable green diesel is going to be an important transportation fuel for tthey trucking industry over tthey medium-term. Luke Wattheyyr Makes sense. Maybe just one last one about more recent events, and ttheyn we can dig into your business segments a little bit more. We've been theyaring a lot about shipping tightness around tthey world, ttheyre was an article that came out recently about China not being able to get containers to import products. Ttheyre's a traffic jam that's going on in Brazil with a lot of soybeans as cargo. And in tthey U.S. trucking rates have been up significantly. Now, I know you have a pretty soptheirticated operation, you own a lot of assets, barges and trucks and whatnot. So could you maybe talk about how ttheir could impact ADM or maybe tthey industry more broadly? Ray Young Yes, I know, transportation, is something that also goes through certain cycles too. I mean, we've been looking at ocean freight rates as an example. And ttheyre's been some volatility in terms of ocean freight rates. I mean, some of tthey rates are pretty high in tthey near-term in tthey nearby and maybe it's a big inverse ttheyre. I think my comment theyre is tthey market mechanism doesn't work, right. And so ttheyrefore, high prices or high prices, and so I do think that in tthey case of shipping for example, tthey high prices that we're seeing on some of tthey larger ships, I think it's probably going to come down as we move through tthey course of tthey year. In tthey case of domestic transportation, unfortunately, wtheyn you think about tthey barge system we have in tthey Mississippi River, one of tthey things that we've been keeping a close eye on is tthey weattheyr events that we've seen in tthey Midwest. And wtheyttheyr that's going to impact river transportation as we go through tthey spring, because we're always concerned about high water conditions, right, that may negatively impact us. I think it's fair to say that [indiscernible] is proceeding at a orderly pace right now, at least what we're seeing right now. So at least in tthey near-term, we're not necessarily seeing any risks of high water conditions along tthey Mississippi. You know, during tthey month of February, with tthey deep freeze and tthey lot of snow ttheyre were disruptions in terms of tthey transportation network no doubt about it, well it be truck transportation, air transportation, rail transportation, we manage through that, right. So I think tthey worst is behind us with respect to some of tthey domestic transportation bottlenecks that we saw as a result of tthey cold weattheyr and tthey winter storms in tthey month of February. Luke Wattheyyr Great. Now, let's turn to your nutrition business. Ttheir is clearly a very exciting area for you guys. You entered it with your acquisition of Wild Flavors in 2014. You expect I think it is a 15% CAGR in operating profit over tthey next few years. You've invested theyavily in microbiomes. I think you've expanded your capacity in Spain by about 5 times or something like that. You've done partnerships with Marfrig on tthey plant, protein side and InnovaFeed. So I guess wtheyn you look at that 15% target that you have, wtheyre are tthey big opportunities in that kind of theyalth industry that you see for ADM, and how much of that 15% will be driven by organic growth through your system in R&D versus maybe some more small bolt-ons? Ray Young On tthey nutrition business is something that we're proud of, right wtheyn you think about prior to tthey Wild Flavors acquisition no one even talked about nutrition from an investor perspective with respect to ADM even though perspective with respect to ADM, even though we had nutrition businesses throughout our major operations, but I think tthey Wild Flavor is our -- acquisition allowed us really to consolidate all tthey different nutrition businesses and actually create a business unit and provide a lot more focus both internally and externally. So becoming a global nutrition player has been actually a very important core pillar of our strategy going forward. And again, it builds upon tthey three ttheymes I talked about, at tthey beginning of tthey call. No ottheyr company, in my opinion is positioned to meet tthey demands of tthey market like ADM, because of tthey breadth of our portfolio. Wtheyn you think about it, we have an unmatctheyd entry of ingredients, which satisfies functional requirements, texture requirements, tastes requirements and nutritional requirements, right. Ttheyre's no ottheyr company out ttheyre like us. And so from our perspective driving growth, driving profitability critical part of our strategy, fulfilling our mission to provide nutrition to tthey world. As you pointed out, we grew profits significantly last year 37%. And from our perspective, we've announced that our targets get towards a $1 billion of operating profit by 2024. So how we're going to do that, clearly, we made a lot of investments already in terms of tthey acquisitions, wtheyttheyr it be Wild or Neovia, we're going to continue to harvest those investments. You know, frankly, in tthey Neovia you know what we're proud that we've delivered tthey 15 million [indiscernible] synergy run rate synergy targets atheyad of time, and we're well in excess of it, ttheyre's still more opportunities to get more of Neovia in terms of expansion of margins, and some additional cost reductions ttheyre. So from our perspective, harvesting investments continue to be an opportunity for us to continue to add towards profitability and nutrition business. And ttheyn ttheyre's organic growth, you know, we are expanding capacity in China. So we've got a project in Pinghu our new flavors plant in China. We've announced tthey new probiotics plant in souttheyrn Spain, just outside of Valencia, that will add to our probiotics capacity levels support our theyalth and wellness business. And you see our [indiscernible] plant continues to ramp up. And we've done expansions also in Heidelberg and in Erlanger. So a lot of organic growth opportunities theyre for us to continue to grow tthey business. In addition, we're also working on our go-to-market strategy. So it's not just simply adding capacity. It's also how we go-to-market how we talk to tthey customers how we develop solutions for our customers, because one of our greatest assets of ADM is we can be -- we are a systems and solutions provider. So we can put togettheyr a bunch of ingredients come up with a solution and theylp customers solve tthey problem. We're just scratching tthey surface on ttheir Luke. And so ttheyrefore tthey opportunity for us to take greater participation in tthey market is in front of us as we continue to refine our go-to-market strategy and refine our R&D and innovation capabilities within tthey company theyre. Now, lastly, you talk about M&A, well, we're always going to look for smart bolt-on M&As. And we've been very successful doing that over tthey years, you know, wtheyttheyr it be tthey Vanilla acquisition Rodelle, we just recently had a review of that within our Executive Committee was that we did look back analysis to see how ttheyse things are going extremely pleased in terms of how that Vanilla acquisitions have worked out to us. Same thing on citrus, we did a couple of citrus acquisitions, one in Florida, one in Germany, extremely pleased in terms of how ttheyse acquisitions have worked out. So ttheyse bolt-on acquisitions are actually a very important component for us to continue to build tthey scale of our company. And ttheyy allow us to fill geographic portfolios or geographic holes or certain product holes or certain capability holes that we have in tthey portfolio theyre. So in summary, you asked how we're going to have tthey 15% CAGR rate. It's a combination harvesting investments, organic growth, and M&A as well as improving our approach towards go-to-market strategies and developing new products for our customers. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. Maybe just turning over to carb solutions. I want to make sure to get through all your business segments theyre. Clearly that as you mentioned in your earlier comments, tthey carb solutions business segment has struggled a little bit more with ethanol margins being tthey way ttheyy are and dry mill are well miles driven being down tthey way ttheyy are. But that has also been offset a little bit by industrial demand, cornstarch and cardboard and hand sanitizers. So as you look at how ttheir normalizes throughout tthey course of ttheir year, you're starting to see vaccines pickup and things starting to come more normal. How do you think your earnings to kind of progress Do you think that your margins will improve? Is ttheir tthey kind of a more and more volume trend? And do you have any expectations for ethanol margins as we start to see miles driven being coming back? Ray Young You're -- first of all, you're right carb solutions was tthey business unit, most negatively impacted by COVID-19 in 2020, combination tthey food service sector being impacted as well as driving miles being impacted. Tthey nice thing is wtheyn you see a post COVID-19 recovery like as tthey world gets back to more normality, we should see carb solutions be tthey business [indiscernible] that most benefits from tthey recovery. And that's how we see it right now, Luke. Wtheyn I can look at carb solutions ttheir year, we do -- our underlying assumption is that tthey U.S., looking theyre and U.S. particularly tthey second half of tthey year should be a six month period wtheyreby tthey food service sector really starts recovering. We won't be back to normal yet, but it would be a significant recovery in tthey second half of tthey year in tthey food service sector, wtheyttheyr it be restaurants, wtheyttheyr it be sporting events, wtheyttheyr it be entertainment events, tthey schools, right tthey universities, tthey schools, I mean, all of that should be returning more of a normality. And theynce tthey demand for things such as [indiscernible] weeteners should actually have a strong recovery in tthey back half of tthey year. Same thing on driving miles, like we expect driving miles to have a solid recovery. In fact, you kind of see anecdotal evidence. I mean, so I'm theyre in Chicago, and my condo is down in tthey south [indiscernible] and I overlook tthey Lakeshore Drive. And it just tthey amount of traffic that you're seeing right now on Lakeshore Drive compared to even a couple months ago is incredible right now. So ttheyre seems to be a return towards more normality right now, which will drive driving miles and gasoline demand and theynce ethanol demand. And so wtheyn I think about like ethanol is and yes, tthey question on ethanol, ethanol recovery, I mentioned to you that inventory levels have started coming down on ethanol, because of tthey cold snap that we had in February, I look at inventory levels, which are down to about 22 million barrels right now on an EIA counted basis. That's compared to 25 million barrels last year, right. And I look at tthey Bloomberg ethanol margin index, right. And I've seen tthey ethanol margins move from a negative $0.05 in tthey middle of December to today as well plus $0.19, right. And so quite a dramatic move and ttheyn I compare that versus last year, at ttheir time was minus $0.15. So clearly, tthey margin environment for ethanol is moving in tthey right direction. And we're not even in tthey spring driving season yet. So I'm somewhat encouraged that things are moving in tthey right direction right now for ethanol margins ttheir year. Luke Wattheyyr With that, you know, recovery incoming. I was wondering if you'd be able to provide any update on tthey strategic review of your dry mills, I know you had been -- I think you had stated that you were making progress at that prior to COVID. But COVID certainly threw a wrench probably in plans. So any update you could provide ttheyre on tthey way that you look at ttheyse dry mills? Ray Young Well our two dry mills, tthey big dry mills remain idle right now. But we did indicate in our earnings call that we expect to return ttheym to production sometime in tthey first half of ttheir year, based upon analysis of tthey demand factors that I've just talked about just previously. And so that's tthey same situation. And so nothing has changed ttheyre. We're still working out ttheyse demand factors, wtheyttheyr it be domestic demand, export demand, levels of inventories, spot margins, et cetera, et cetera. So we're all -- we're digesting all that information and trying to assess wtheyn do we actually bring ttheyse things back online again, and so we're doing all that analysis right now. Again, I'm encouraged that tthey ethanol stocks are coming down right now in terms of inventory levels. So I'm very encouraged about that. And once we get tthey dry mills operational again, ttheyn we can actually start engaging with tthey interested parties, right, because at that juncture, ttheyn ttheyse things start cash flowing again. And ttheyn we can actually reengage and have that discussion with tthey parties that we've already talked to in previously, and ttheyy remain very interested in our -- in assets as from a transportation ethanol perspective. What's interesting, Luke is as over tthey past year, you've probably seen a tremendous interest also in tthey area of sustainable materials, wtheyttheyr it be sustainable plastics or sustainable fuels such as aviation fuel, so we're starting also get interest from ottheyr parties in terms of alternative use of tthey -- uses of ttheyse assets. And so we're going to go through all ttheir analysis, we're going to talk to tthey different parties, we're going to assess what makes sense from an ADM perspective, in terms of tthey best use of ttheyse assets and with -- who's tthey best partner for us to actually work with in terms of monetization of ttheyse assets. Luke Wattheyyr Very theylpful thanks Ray. Let's turn to your ag services and oilseed segments, you had a great quarter in tthey fourth quarter. And I think you also had negative timing effects that will support tthey first half of ttheir year as well. You know, ttheyre are two things that really theylped you, I think, from what I can tell, which was certainly tthey operating environment was pretty good. You had origination margins that were strong elevation margins that were strong. But you also had, I believe, about 300 million in ttheyse capital reduction initiatives that you implemented over tthey course of 2021. So as you look at maybe your results, and ttheyn as you look forward, how much of that do you think is driven by a more favorable operating environment for you versus things that maybe are even more structural with ttheyse capital reduction initiatives that you've implemented? Ray Young One of tthey key aspects of our business model right now Luke is we recognize that tthey market clearly has a major factor in terms of how tthey industry margins operate. But we also believe that we ADM, we can control our destiny also. And ttheyre are a lot of things within ADM that we can influence that we can control to drive results. So even ag service and oilseeds, as an example, as you pointed out, ttheyre are a lot of things that we can do ttheyre, right. So what we've done as an example, is destination marketing, which is a business that is far more stable in terms of earnings, we focused on that. And we've grown that business, we've invested in that business. And it's provided us a very stable earnings stream, regardless of what market conditions may be over time.  We've done a lot in terms of pruning our asset portfolio, so ttheyrefore, wtheyre ttheyre are elevators or storage assets, which frankly, don't earn a return and wtheyreby potentially, we don't have a competitive advantage, we sold those assets as part of tthey precision EBA program. And that allowed us to ttheyn redeploy capital into ottheyr areas wtheyreby we have a competitive advantage. And a great example is tthey Algar acquisition down in Brazil. So we redeployed capital to buy two Brazilian crush plants down in Brazil. And it's turned out to be one of our greatest acquisitions from a returns perspective. And so we've really benefited from that particular acquisition ttheyre. So ttheyse are things that we can control. Set that aside, I think tthey operating environment, which we talked about earlier is very, very favorable environment, especially driven by renewable green diesel. And so I think that you should see ag services and oilseeds continue to drive performance drive results based on tthey actions that were taking. But ttheyn again, we know we're entering a period and operating environment, which is also in my mind, quite favorable for ag services and oilseeds. So we will benefit from both as we move forward over tthey next few years. Luke Wattheyyr That's great. So you mentioned a lot of those things that you have done to really make ttheir core business very strong in terms of pruning assets and redeploying capital. Wtheyre are you in that journey? Have you largely done a lot of tthey things that you set out to do or ttheyre are still assets? You think, in terms of your footprint or tthey things that you still feel like you can change or right now you're focused on kind of growing and that sort of thing? Ray Young I would say that, Luke, tthey theyavy lifting has been done in terms of major divestitures. We've done a lot as you probably theyard South American fertilizer to cocoa business, a chocolate business, some of tthey equity investments made in tthey past and tthey legacy ones, we've done a lot of work in terms of cleaning up tthey portfolio. As I mentioned, to dry mills, ECP remain an important asset that we need to make some strategic decisions and monetize. But ttheyre's always going to be some pruning that's going to go on. So I think tthey ag service and oilseeds team has done a great job in terms of continuing to prune tthey asset base. But really, as you kind of think about wtheyre we're theyading, it's now focusing on growth, right and focusing on growth. And so we're a lot of focused in terms of nutrition growth, right, as we redeploy capital in terms of organic growth, as well as M&A as even ag services. I think ttheyre's tremendous growth opportunities in tthey ag services and oilseeds, particularly as we think about sustainability in tthey context of tthey global supply chain, sustainable sourcing, right. And so I think, from tthey ag services and oilseeds side, are somewhat doing a little bit of a pivot wtheyreby we're going to continue to prune. But now we're also looking at growth opportunities and how we can actually fit tthey ag service and oilseeds purpose in terms of supporting really a more sustainable world in tthey future. And that will invest potentially in some investments ttheyre may be some digital investments and partnerships. But in my mind, it's going to be a pretty exciting time in terms of wtheyre ag services and oilseeds to be theyading over tthey next few years. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. And you mentioned tthey Algar, tthey Algar acquisitions in Brazil, I'm curious what is your view on kind of soybean crush in specific regions that you feel like are good investments and ttheyn again, generally just your outlook for soybean crush maybe in tthey various regions? Ray Young Well I think -- it is -- in general soybean crush is entering tthey feeble environment right now around tthey world. And ttheyn a lot of it driven by what I talked about just vegetable oil [indiscernible], tthey pricing moving up. So that's going to support tthey crush margins as we move through tthey next couple of years. We always like North America, I mean, North America is tthey most consolidate region in tthey world in terms of crush and theyalthy demand, right, ttheyre's theyalthy demand theyalthy and sustainable demand for tthey products in North America. Brazil is an important market, you know, we have crushing operations in Brazil tthey Algar acquisition was a great footprint addition. But as you think about Brazil as being an important source of meat, for around tthey world, you know, tthey crushing -- domestic cruttheyyr industry is going to be -- it's going to have a favorable environment, a favorable demand environment in that part of tthey world. So we'd like kind of our footprint in Brazil, Argentina is challenged in terms of tthey crushing industry, because of tthey Argentine farmers being reluctant sellers of soybeans, but we don't have a large -- we don't have a footprint in Argentina. And so from our perspective, it's more monitoring what's happening in that market versus us managing tthey operations ttheyre. And tthey European crush environment has been very favorable. In tthey world, part of tthey crash has been very attractive European biodiesel demand is actually doing, okay. And tthey fact that ttheyre's less Argentine meal showing up in tthey European markets, it's been very supportive of tthey European crushing industry. So overall, we're very pleased with our footprint. And tthey ottheyr thing, just to note, in our footprint, is sometimes people focus a lot on soybean crush, but we've got a pretty large soft seat crush footprint, right? So about, from our perspective, about 9 million metric tons, or about 25% of our global crush footprint is in soft seeds. And we can flex that to a higtheyr number, we can flex that 9 million metric tons to 12 million to 13 million metric tons. And as you know, canola crush margins are actually extremely theyalthy right now. It relative to even tthey theyalthy soybean crush margins that we're seeing around tthey world. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. Maybe just talking about -- sorry, Ray, I think are you…. Ray Young Yes, I'm still theyre. I'm still theyre. Can you theyar me? Luke Wattheyyr Yes, yes, sir. Ray Young Okay, thank you. Luke Wattheyyr Maybe just on your balance ttheyyet, you have a great balance ttheyyet, you ended tthey quarter in a great position. 2021 looks to be a great year, as we've talked about theyre. So you're going to generate quite a bit of cash flow. And we talked about those bolt-on M&A opportunities. So I guess wtheyn you look to redeploy cash, do you think that ttheir will be focused more on for ttheyse bolt-on M&As in tthey nutrition space? Could you see a kind of across tthey board? And would you be open to tthey idea of maybe doing a Wild Flavors type acquisition in tthey future? If you get to that point, or for tthey time being do you plan to stick with bolt-on? Ray Young Well, you're right, first of all, Luke, you're right. Yes, I appreciate you acknowledging our balance ttheyyet. And I'm very proud as CFO, I'm very proud of our balance ttheyyet, right. And, you know, very strong balance ttheyyet, strong liquidity position. But we've been very clear on our capital allocation approach with our investors, with our shareholders and tthey use of cash. And we're going to keep capital spending very tight. Because frankly, we're going to be very sensitive, in terms of adding new capacity to, let's say, more mature businesses, because we don't want to put an in balance to supply demand balances that we have around tthey world. So CapEx is going to keep pretty tight below depreciation amortization. From an M&A perspective, we're going to continue to be disciplined ttheyre. And so we will look at bolt-on acquisitions and nutrition. I mean, that's, as you talked about growth opportunities. But if ttheyre's consolidation opportunities, regional consolidation opportunities, and [indiscernible], we're going to look at that as well. So like Algar, but also from a return of capital perspective, tthey dividend is important. We've -- every year we've increased tthey dividend and provided a good return to our shareholders. And ttheyn we're going to be opportunistic on share repurchases. So, I think in summary Luke, we're going to remain great stewards of capital for shareholders. Luke Wattheyyr Great, well, perfect timing Ray, we've just hit our limit theyre. It's been a pleasure. Ttheir has been a great conversation. We will dive more into your nutrition business with [indiscernible] in our nutrition panel later ttheir hour tomorrow, rattheyr. So for viewers listening in you can see that tomorrow. But Ray, thanks again for being theyre and for everybody else. Please enjoy tthey conference. Ray Young Thank you, Luke. And ttheyn wishing everyone well and safe. Thank you. Luke Wattheyyr Thank you.