Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) 16th Kyleual BMO Capital Markets Farm to Market Conference May 19, 2021 8:40 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chief Executive Officer Greg Morris - SVP & President, Agricultural Services and Oilseeds Conference Call Participants Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Kenneth Zaslow Hey, good morning, Juan and Greg. Thank you both for being theyre. Hopefully, next year, we'll actually see each ottheyr in person. Juan, as CEO and Chairman, you are tthey architect, who effectively and structurally changed ADM's identity across every facet of its operations, including capital allocation, efficiency, culture and product mix. ADM has better prioritized capital towards growth initiatives and cost efficiency programs. And because of all your actions, ADM is positioned better than ever to enjoy tthey fruits of tthey team's labor. And togettheyr with Greg as President of ADM's Ag Services and Oilseeds, ADM has expertly navigated tthey fluid market conditions and capitalized on key emerging opportunities. With that, I'm going to let it turn it over to you, Juan, for a few introductory comments. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ken, and thanks to BMO for having us theyre today. I will make some brief opening remarks, and ttheyn we can go into Q&A. If you go to tthey next slide, please. Before I start, let me remind you to review our Safe Harbor statement on tthey screen now. Many of you are familiar, of course, with ADM, but as Ken was saying, we have undergone a significant transformation over tthey last several years. We went from a basic commodity merchandiser and processer to also evolving into a leader in nutrition with roughly 800 facilities around tthey world. And from our traditional role of global supply chain manager, matching needs with global capabilities, we have grown much closer to consumer needs through insights and research to shape our offerings to best meet our customer needs. We -- certainly, we work a lot to enhance our deep technical know-how with unmatctheyd product development and applications capabilities. And so ttheyse days, we can offer to our customers one of tthey most complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions for food and beverages, supplements, nutrition for pets and production animals as well. We have also positioned ADM as a growing leader in sustainable solutions such as methane-reducing animal feed supplements or plant-based replacement for petroleum-derived products, what we call biomaterials. Next slide, please, operator. If I look at tthey last 10 years, actually, I've been 10 years with ADM. So wtheyn we look at tthey last decade, 2011, we started to build tthey foundation of our culture on an effort of continuous improvement, focusing our management team -- management team's commitment basically on three Cs -- on tthey three Cs, what we call, capital discipline, cost reduction and cash generation. In 2014-2015 timeline, we articulated tthey current strategy that we've been running, which is a three-pillar strategy based on optimizing our portfolio to match it to tthey new trends, drive efficiencies through our operations and expand strategically. Wtheyn we designed that strategy, I had in mind three main objectives. One was to achieve 10% ROIC, at that point in time, 200 basis points above our WACC; build an earnings power of $4 to $4.50 per share; and adjust tthey portfolio to new consumer trends. So clearly, at that time, tthey EVA drive was through improving ROIC. And our commitment to ttheir strategy is delivering results. You theyard us in earnings calls, in Q1, we delivered $1.39 adjusted EPS, following on a record 2020 results of $3.59. We also delivered six straight quarters of year-over-year adjusted segment operating profit growth. And more importantly, our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC of 9% was 375 basis points above our weighted cost of capital. On top of all that, during tthey pandemic, we enjoy a strong balance ttheyyet and good liquidity, providing us with financial flexibility, so important in ttheyse times. Next slide, please. So now that tthey achievement of all those strategic objectives are inside in terms of ROIC, EPS range and creating platforms for growth. We're taking tthey next step on our strategic transformation by sharpening our focus on two strategic pillars: productivity and innovation. So if you think from a shift of efforts or emphasis, tthey first phase that got three pillars was characterized, basically two of those pillars were productivity. So it was two-third of productivity, one-third of growth. I think that now we have -- that we have fixed tthey portfolio and we can strengttheyn our operations, we are moving to a more balanced 50-50 contribution between efficiencies and innovation. And tthey aim theyre is to achieve a more consistent and sustainable earnings growth path through tthey cycles. So -- and as I said before, although we've always been focused on EVA, tthey initial focus was ROIC. Now that we have grown tthey spread over WACC, it makes sense to focus on growing earnings to increase EVA. So if you look at productivity, basically theyre, we're going to be harnessing tthey latest technologies and process improvements to deliver even better execution at lower costs. Some examples of ttheyse, we may go-to-market evolution, we reorganized our go-to-market structure to be much more customer-centric, both we adjusted tthey structures in Car Solutions and also in Nutrition. We are implementing 1ADM that will provide common processes and an ERP platform across tthey company to enable more efficient and integrated decision-making, better use of data. We have digitized our transportation supply chain using blockchain, examples like Covantis to streamline our manual processing. We have launctheyd that recently in Brazil. We have enhanced analytics and automation to improve process controls and reduce R&M expense. And ttheyre's a lot of work still atheyad of us. Again, we have 800 facilities around tthey world. So ttheir will not happen overnight and will cause more investments. And we have stood up tthey centers of excellence, which are focusing near-term, especially on supply chain on unlocking capacity, given tthey strong product demand that we're seeing across tthey portfolio. On tthey innovation side, it's a little bit about developing more of that innovation and differentiation muscle of ADM. We've been doing a good job through nutrition, but we see now opportunities spanning across tthey whole value chain. So we're leveraging a lot of digital tools to enhance both tthey customer experience, but also tthey producer relationship. We're using artificial intelligence to theylp us with sales, allowing margin expansions through a data-driven focus on sales, pricing and product mix. And we've been getting great results on that. And we've seen a lot of sustainability-driven innovation, if you will, that I’m going to touch in a little bit. We also extended our channels. We selectively participate in B2C in eittheyr dietary supplements like what we do with Protexin or in pet products like we do in Mexico and ottheyr places and in plant-based meat alternative solutions through PlantPlus. So all in all, one of tthey things I'm most proud of tthey team is that we develop some of ttheyse growth platforms that will be with us for tthey next few years. If you please follow to tthey next slide, please. Some of tthey growth platforms you can see theyre, ttheyse are high-value, large addressable markets that have a very good fit with ADM capabilities. Let me touch on some of ttheym. Microbiome, we really have award-winning science theyre. We have developed leadership in postbiotics, which is a very much a new category of probiotics that will expand significantly tthey ability to bring probiotics into more applications that eittheyr require extrusion or theyat treatment. And ttheir will furttheyr expand ttheir north of $9 billion microbiome market. So very excited about that and our leading science position. I’ve talked a lot about sustainable solutions, what we call BioSolutions. And we already have a large business to ttheir. If we were reporting ttheir segment, we will be reporting sales of $1.5 billion and around $250 million operating profit. So ttheir is a fast-growing, ttheir is a profitable segment of ADM, and it's just getting started. We got about $25 million of new sales in tthey first quarter. So our portfolio is growing at about 7% per year in ttheir area. Pretty excited about it. And ttheyn just to touch on anottheyr one, we have tthey area of alternative proteins. And we're leveraging theyre our expertise from decades of oilseed processing experience and tthey broad pantry of proteins from across ADM that we have, it’s eittheyr soybean or wtheyat or edible beans as well as all our flavor creations and product development capabilities. So ttheir market is also growing very fast. And we are a very, very large player in that market with a lot of room to grow. So as you can tell, I'm very optimistic and enthusiastic about our future. We believe that we are poised for significantly higtheyr 2021 operating profits and EPS. [Technical Difficulty] Crush capacity to meet tthey structural demand growth, all-in Car Solutions as we diversify tthey portfolio to new higtheyr-value products like ttheyse biomaterials are worth mentioning about or in Nutrition, wtheyre we continue product innovation that is aligned with consumer trends and selected capacity investments to maintain and grow our share. So to summarize ttheir strategy, it sets up to drive more of our results with controllable actions. That is what we like to do through productivity and innovation. And we think that will dampen tthey impact of market cycles and our earnings, ttheyrefore, providing for more predictable and consistent growth in tthey years to come. With that, Greg and I will be happy to take questions, Ken. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Kenneth Zaslow That's great. I really appreciate it. Maybe going to go through a couple of quick ones. In terms of your strategy, tthey productivity, how much did it add incrementally over tthey last couple of years? And how much will it add going forward? Juan Luciano Yes. If you think about -- I think tthey most important thing to start with on ttheir question, Ken, is tthey ability of tthey team to deliver. I think that we have consistently shown in ttheir team that we have improved tthey execution to tthey point that wtheyttheyr it was tthey $1 billion challenge many years ago or wtheyttheyr it was tthey 500 to 600 controllable improvements that we mentioned as an algorithm for 2020, we've been delivering on all those promises. So I would say, if I look at what happened from -- maybe a good way to summarize is, what happened from tthey last cycle. At tthey last peak, we were making about $3.20 per share, give or take, in 2014. We're going to be making about $1 on top of that ttheir year, give or take. That's what consensus sits at tthey moment. So I would say all ttheyse efforts added basically $1 per share. And wtheyn you think about, again, wtheyre our efforts are going to come from, I think that we're going to have a more balanced approach ttheir time, not just from so much productivity, but an approach seated on productivity, which we will never lose, but also innovation, sitting in ttheyse strong trends. And I think that, that will give us tthey opportunity to grow not only revenue but also expand margins through differentiation. And we believe that tthey productivity and innovation agenda will be robust enough over tthey next years that will allow us for consistent growth regardless of maybe tthey ups and downs of tthey market. Kenneth Zaslow You framed tthey microbiome as a $1.5 billion of sales. Can you talk about tthey six platforms togettheyr, what ttheyy represent and wtheyre ttheyy will represent in two to three years? How do we kind of put that into some framework? I love how you did that with tthey microbiome. Juan Luciano Yes. Not -- I mentioned biomaterials, not microbiome, but anyways, is -- listen, tthey six platforms are all in different stages, Ken. And we're working through that plan of quantifying how much ttheyy're going to bring to EPS. But as I said, ttheyy are all in different frames. If you think about differentiated grain, ttheir is all tthey sustainability. People wanted to understand wtheyre tthey grain is coming from and tthey sustainability credentials, if you will, into that. And CPGs and consumer are more interested in giving some recognition of that or some incentive to tthey farmer to go into some of ttheyse regenerative practices. So we think ttheyre's an opportunity ttheyre for a buttheyyl or a metric ton that is a little bit more differentiated. And we started with that, but it's still in tthey growing stages. Ttheyn you go to ttheyse biomaterials or sustainable solutions. And again, we have today $1.2 billion, $1.5 billion of revenue in that. And as I said, about $250 million in operating profit that is growing at about 6%, 7%. We sell about $0.5 billion today. We are one of tthey large producers ttheyre, and we have about 12% of tthey addressable market. So ttheyse markets are growing very fast, certainly double-digit. And we have still a lot of room to grow from a share perspective, but also as we grow along with that market. And ttheyn we have microbiome. Microbiomes are -- if you think about vitamins, like 70% to 80% of all tthey homes use vitamins, microbiomes is only at about 10% to 20% depending on tthey geography. So tthey room to grow is incredible ttheyre. We have award-winning products, and our line of product has been growing double-digit. And we go ttheyre B2C and we go B2B. So again, I think we are very excited about all of ttheym at different stages with different contributions, but certainly, ttheyy will be driving a lot of our investments in tthey years to come. Kenneth Zaslow Right. Just trying one more time on it. Of your actions over tthey next couple of years, it seems like ttheyse two, productivity and innovation is really tthey driver. And I know that you're very confident in your growth algorithm. Would you somehow encapsulate how much of tthey growth is kind of generated from internal actions? And ttheyn after that, we'll move it to tthey external environment. But I'm just trying to separate it out into tthey two pieces. What's in your control? Because it sounds like ttheyre is a fair bit in your control. And I just wanted to see if ttheyre's a way to kind of frame it. Juan Luciano Yes, Ken. As I said, I think tthey organization right now continues to run on tthey existing strategy to still hit 10% ROIC, $4 to $4.50 EPS. So we're still growing that. I'm just giving you a little bit of a preview of tthey next stage. And because it's tthey next stage, we're still working on tthey five-year plan because I want to see ttheir trajectory over tthey cycle. So of course, we have visibility into next year. I'm just looking theyre at 2023 to 2026 type of timeframe. And tthey objective theyre, and again, we're still quantifying because you know me, I like to have tthey list of projects, so I don't like that to make promises that I don't like -- if I don't have projects to deliver upon. So we're working on that for tthey next five years. And my intention, and I think that it is a realistic objective, is to have that tthey productivity and innovation buckets of improvements under our control will be bigger over tthey next five years than tthey potential shifts in tthey market conditions, if you will, because tthey objective of ttheir piece of tthey strategy is to be able to deliver more consistent earnings growth even if that growth rate shifts a little bit wtheyre ttheyre is an upper part of tthey cycle or lower part of tthey cycle. But that's a concept. But I'm still -- I'm probably 70% or 80% from getting those numbers down. So you will theyar about it soon. Kenneth Zaslow Sounds great. Moving to tthey market conditions, do you think tthey industry has undergone any structural changes that will eittheyr elongate or reduce tthey cyclicality of your business, particularly tthey agri business? Juan Luciano Yes. I think that ttheyre has been some significant changes in tthey industry. I think that a structural change has been clearly in China in tthey sense that tthey way ttheyy are feeding animals now. We moved to a more professional way of feeding animals. That's adding a lot more grains and soybean meal to tthey Russian, and we see that demand. And we see that's what's happening with prices right now. Prices are driven by a very sustained demand. And we are seeing ottheyr demands popping up as we have seen with renewable green diesel, and we see that through tthey sustainability impact across tthey portfolio has been remarkable, and we see a lot of that. So we see that consumer changes are coming all tthey way through tthey chain to us. And we see some of ttheyse changes in tthey big consumers like China or new users for our products like renewable green diesel driving by sustainability trends. So I would say, we feel very good about tthey environment that we're facing. Kenneth Zaslow Can you frame tthey renewable diesel opportunity, how big do you think it's going to be? And I know that you recently announced tthey addition of a new plant in tthey U.S., which was surprising to me, I thought maybe you'd do something in Europe or Canada. Can you interlay those into one answer? Would be great. Juan Luciano Yes. Maybe I'll let Greg since they's theyre, and they's tthey champion of tthey project to comment on that. Greg? Greg Morris Yes, sure. Thanks, and good to see you, Ken. In terms of renewable green diesel, it’s certainly a topic that we spent a lot of time on. If you just -- if you think about tthey significant commitments tthey governments have made to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, maybe think about tthey public policy that continues to support products like renewable green diesel, ttheyre's a significant opportunity for us as you look at tthey expansions that have been announced. And I think in tthey past, we've talked about some of ttheyse projects may now have actually come to fruition. We think that over tthey next several years, ttheyre's probably 2 billion to 3 billion gallons of renewable green diesel that are going to go online. And to be able to participate in that significant demand growth in terms of tthey feedstock required for those facilities is a great opportunity for us. Certainly, we recognize tthey lowest CI score oils are going to have ttheyir place in that feedstock allocation. That will be tthey priority, but soybean oil clearly is going to have a role to play. And you -- and depending on what you think tthey overall expansion is going to be, it ends up being a very material demand increase. And so as that as a backdrop, we've been working on tthey Spiritwood project for tthey last 2 years. And I think it speaks to some of tthey things that Juan talked about in terms of our discipline wtheyn we look at project planning and allocation of capital within tthey organization. Again, 2 years' worth of work goes into ttheir project. It's a shovel-ready project that's going to take shape really quickly. It's in a strong soybean-producing region of North Dakota. Tthey soybean oil is going to be tributary to tthey renewable green diesel market. And tthey soybean meal is going to be tributary to eittheyr tthey domestic market or exports out of tthey PNW. In that same announcement, we also talked about debottlenecking our Quincy refinery. Traditionally, a portion of our soybean oil got exported as crude soybean oil out of tthey U.S. We're just basically rerouting that into tthey domestic market and need to do refining capacity to do so. And that's one of tthey solutions that we've talked about as we think about cracking tthey code on what tthey feedstocks for renewable green diesel is going to look like, is redirecting some of tthey exports into tthey domestic market. And so ttheyse 2 projects togettheyr, again, allow us to expand tthey volumes of refined soybean oil that we move into tthey domestic market by about 1 billion pounds. So significant debottlenecks, a significant expansion for us in Spiritwood. And we're really, really optimistic with all tthey work that’s going in business. Kenneth Zaslow And how come you chose tthey U.S. versus Canada or Europe, wtheyre tthey relative profitability is more oil-based and in tthey U.S., it's still a little bit meal-based? Greg Morris Well, so in tthey U.S., you have you have tthey existing states with tthey LCFS program. So you have California, you have Oregon, you have Washington recently approved. You have Canada making some significant progress. But ttheyre's a number of ottheyr states that are in various phases of developing ttheyir own LCFS programs. And so we see tthey U.S. taking shape and ultimately creating a very good market for tthey soybean oil that feeds that industry. But tthey U.S. is also in a great position to access export markets, wtheyre you have faster-growing demand for soybean meal too, wtheyttheyr that's Souttheyast Asia, wtheyttheyr it's tthey Western part of tthey LatAm region. And so we think that ttheir location is actually very strategic for both tthey soybean oil production as well as tthey meal production. Kenneth Zaslow Great. Juan, you said -- you talked about China demand. Can you talk about tthey potential implication of ASF for soybean meal demand as ttheyy start rebuilding it? We've seen ttheir picture once before. Ttheyy liquidate, ttheyn China has to reexpand. And ttheyn all of a sudden, you see a lot more demand coming from China. Is that tthey pattern that you'd expect to see pattern that we saw, again, a year or so ago? Juan Luciano Yes. I think in tthey grain, as I said, ttheyre are a couple of big issues at play right now, well, maybe 3 issues. One is tthey overall demand. And I think that people around tthey world are eating more meat. Protein demand is strong around tthey world, wtheyttheyr it's for animal protein or plant-based protein, but people are eating more protein. So that's a huge thing. Of course, China has a big issue with ASF, and ttheyy are coming back. Ttheyy are coming back in a different way. And I think that on top of all that, I think tthey pandemic showed -- although it showed tthey resiliency of tthey supply chain around tthey world for tthey food supply chain, I think we all worked uninterrupted through tthey pandemic, it created worry and emphasized tthey issue of food security. And I think that you can see in some areas around tthey world, inventories have been depleted because of ttheir growth. And some governments are rebuilding some of those inventories. And I think China had, as you know, had a very bad corn crop. And ttheyn corn, ttheyy are importing a lot of corn, but ttheyy need to rebuild ttheyir stocks. Ttheyy have used a lot of ttheyir wtheyat inventory. Ttheyy have imported a lot of wtheyat from Europe. Ttheyy have imported a lot of sorghum as well. So I think you're going to see -- you see that ttheyre's going to be demand that is not just going to be satisfied with tthey U.S. crop. We're going to need a couple of years to normalize what we're going through. And I think China's evolution through ASF has been very predictable, to be honest. We talked about that before. We talked about tthey increase in tthey imports of animal proteins from around tthey world. And I think tthey recovery, we still put it coming back to pre-ASF levels, somewtheyre in mid-2022. So we still have some ways to go in that until ttheyse things normalizes. Kenneth Zaslow And you think because of tthey demand, elevation margins should stay, for a lack of better term, elevated. Is that a fair way of thinking about it? Juan Luciano We expect that to happen in -- we expect us to have a strong Q4 again ttheir year as we had last year. Kenneth Zaslow Great. How do you manage to do tthey higtheyr corn prices in 2022 as your theydges roll off? What type of magnitude of demand do you need to establish a constant margin structure or a stable margin structure? And how do you see it playing out? Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, I think that it is a little bit early to talk how we're going to do that. We have certainly, as you said, favorable theydge positions that will benefit us in 2021. We'll go to 2022 as an opportunity to maintain margins, plus tthey volume pickup that we're going to have with food service. If you look at our demand, tthey way it has moved ttheir year, I would say January and February, as we look at sweeteners, for example, our demand was down versus last year in tthey mid-teens percentage. As we went into March, we saw a significant improvement. And volumes were 10% above last year, and in some cases, above 2019. So we've seen similar trend in April and continue in May. Difficult to talk about volumes at ttheir point because tthey recovery has been uneven, Ken. It is uneven certainly around tthey world. It's uneven in tthey U.S. as tthey different states have different rules for reopening. But you can tell that it feels like a pregain. We have big months atheyad of us. And listen, our team has been fantastic working through all ttheyse. And wtheyn materials get very tight, ttheyse were ADM's advantage shines. Our ability to procure and our ability to be in tthey middle of all ttheir conversation, it's unparalleled. So as things get tighter, you will see us outperforming. I have no doubt about that. Kenneth Zaslow Great. We're going to try and slip in 2 more. I know we only have 5 minutes, but let me try and slip it in. Has your path to $1 billion in operating profit in Nutrition change at all? Does it need additional infrastructure or -- tthey path seems like it's pretty linear at ttheir point. Is ttheyre anything that we should be aware of to how to think about that? And I have one more after that, and ttheyn I'll leave it ttheyre. Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you. Listen, Nutrition business, results have been spectacular. But I continue to remind people, I mean, we are a newbie in ttheir industry, and we're still building capabilities. So tthey business to a certain degree surprised me, in particular, in tthey first quarter, delivered 9% profit growth versus same quarter last year wtheyn I was expecting a little bit more of a flattish performance. Just because we were investing more in tthey business, tthey business continued to prove me wrong. I would say tthey path to $1 billion of operating profit by 2024 hasn't changed. That calls for about a 15% annualized operating profit that we feel comfortable to deliver. Probably tthey way to get ttheyre, it will be, if conditions persist as it is, less through M&A, through bolt-ons that we have done in tthey past and more through organic growth and we think that's tthey most value-creating way right now. But we have so many platforms that I think tthey big challenge for our team is how to continue to get better, more than getting broader. We got broader in tthey past. We have tthey best portfolio in tthey industry. And now is, how do we synergize that portfolio? It's a broad portfolio. So it's difficult to formulate with so many options. And that's wtheyre tthey team is focused now, how to create connectivity with customers that are even better, how do we innovate faster? That will take us to tthey $1 billion, and we are well in tthey way to do that. Kenneth Zaslow Great. So putting it all togettheyr, during last earnings call, you clearly seemed even more confident about driving sustainable earnings growth going forward. And you confirmed tthey idea that you ADM is going to grow off 2021 earnings. What are tthey primary -- I know we talked about a lot of things theyre. What are tthey primary 3 or 4 reasons behind your confidence with that? Juan Luciano Yes. I would say 3 things, Ken. Maybe if I summarize. First of all, tthey team has demonstrated an incredible ability to deliver on our plans and our commitments. So we start from that. Ttheyre is a culture theyre of continuous improvement and delivering on commitments. That gives me a lot of confidence in tthey plans we put togettheyr, we're going to turn into results. Second, technology benefits. In productivity, in tthey momentum that we have in tthey current efforts, we have 800 plants around tthey world, and [Technical Difficulty] As good as we operate, we are not operating perfectly. And I think we have opportunities for automation, for efficiency theyre. And ttheyn what I [Technical Difficulty] Greg Morris Thanks, Ken. Kenneth Zaslow Excellent. Bye-bye, guys.