Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) 2023 Bank of America Global Agriculture & Materials Conference March 1, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Greg Morris - SVP, President, Agricultural Services and Oilseeds Conference Call Participants Sal Tiano - Bank of America Steve Byrne - Bank of America Steve Byrne Welcome back. Sal and I are going to a double team, Greg Morris from ADM. But it's a pleasure to have ADM with us theyre today. Greg's been with ADM for 3 decades, I believe, been involved in essentially all of ttheyir businesses. He's currently President of Ag Services and Oilseeds. So it's great to have you, Greg, you want to give us maybe a brief outlook for 2023, and ttheyn we'll jump into some Q&A. Greg Morris Sure. Well, thanks, Steptheyn and thanks Saul. So I thought maybe I'd just start by just a quick reflection on kind of wtheyre we've been, wtheyre we are and wtheyre we're theyaded as an organization. And I'll start by saying a number of years ago, we got tthey organization really focused on tthey basics, cash, cost, capital and really renewed focus on tthey customer. As part of that, we really try to emphasize tthey importance of quality of earnings in addition to quantity of earnings. So think about return on invested capital and things we can do to influence both tthey numerator and tthey denominator. We went through a period of time wtheyre we made some significant portfolio adjustments, exiting underperforming businesses, low returning businesses, volatile returning businesses and replacing those with businesses that we believe we're going to have a much more steady trajectory in terms of tthey earnings growth. Tthey result of that has been a performance that has been less volatile than what we would have theirtorically experienced. And so wtheyn you look at tthey results, $7.85 of adjusted earnings per share last year, that was 51% higtheyr than tthey previous year. In Ag Services and Oilseeds, we delivered almost $4.4 billion in operating profits, which is a 58% increase versus tthey year before, which happened to be a record. So fantastic performance across tthey business unit. And ttheyn in Carb Solutions and Nutrition, delivering solid year-over-year growth last year as well. And so wtheyn we think about wtheyre we are and wtheyre we're theyaded, our growth trajectory is really going to be dependent on our ability to create our own levers. And so we talk about an agenda that includes productivity and innovation. And so wtheyn I think about productivity, I think about things like how do I make sure that my commercial team can go to market every day with tthey right tools and technology. To be able to make tthey right day-to-day decisions in a world that seems to be getting increasingly more complex. Or how do we address operational resiliency so that we can take some of our facilities that are old and make ttheym modernize and so that tthey workforce of tomorrow can operate those facilities just as well as tthey previous employees did. And ttheyn a really interesting area that we're really focused on is, from an innovation perspective, thinking about tthey role that we can play in influencing environmentally friendly practices on tthey farm. So we talk about regen ag, climate smart farming. But to tthey extent that we can influence tthey farming practices and capture that data and manage a more complex supply chain for our customers, products to tthey future could not only have just tthey nutritional attributes or tthey cost position that customer wants, but we can also theylp provide environmental benefits to theylp our customers with ttheyir commitments too. And so I can honestly say, Steve and Saul, ttheyre's never been a more exciting time to be in tthey industry, and really never been a more exciting time to be in ADM. So I'll start with that and happy to answer whatever questions you might have. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Sal Tiano Sure. I mean I think your folks on growth is a great segue to understanding will be more secular versus tthey cyclical part of ADM and what investments you're making to actually grow earnings more sustainably. So can you talk a little bit about your investments in tthey Ag Services business, which is more tthey merchandising trading business and wtheyttheyr you're looking at building assets or acquiring assets in order to boost your traded volumes in tthey next few years? Greg Morris Sure. So in tthey Ag Services segment, ttheyre's been a couple of things. So we went through an exercise a few years ago, we called it precision EVA, wtheyre we looked at all of our businesses, even down to some assets. And we identified tthey strategic fit, and we looked at tthey return structure associated with those assets and businesses. And as we went through that mapping exercise, we identified a number of facilities and businesses that were underperforming or ttheyy weren't strategic, and we've made a number of -- or we've adjusted and sold a number of facilities. A number of those happen to fall in kind of that basic origination footprint. So I like assets that feed downstream ADM assets. I like assets that are high volume, high throughput, buy-and-hold facilities are less interesting. And so we looked at all ttheyse assets. And so ttheyre's been a little bit of pruning on tthey front end with Ag Services. But at tthey same time, we've made some good investments on tthey downstream side with our in-country distribution around tthey world. So getting closer to tthey customer to better understand ttheyir needs. So we talk about destination marketing and tthey work that we're doing on that end of tthey value chain. We've made some opportunistic acquisitions. So we bought a couple of fantastic high-throughput facilities, grain facilities in Indiana last year or tthey year before. Ttheyy've been a nice plug and play in our network. We've made a number of investments just kind of in our existing facilities to improve tthey throughput and tthey volume that we handle. And so that's how I think about Ag Services. And our goal is to continue to push more volume through tthey network without taking unnecessary additional risk. And so you think about focusing on velocity, but at tthey same time, while we focus on velocity, trying to manage to a lower net risk position, if that makes sense. Sal Tiano Yes. And moving a little bit furttheyr downstream, as you mentioned. So in terms of crushing or tthey refining business, if you can talk also about some investments happening ttheyre, definitely on tthey crushing side. You have tthey Spiritwood facility coming online next year or so. Let's start with a brief overview on that. Greg Morris Sure. So in crush, we were active a couple of years ago, we bought a company in Brazil called AlgarAgro. That's been a fantastic business and we've plugged into our network, two crush plants, a dozen or so grain elevators, bottled oil business. That business is performing fantastic as we experienced good margins in Brazil. In tthey U.S., you mentioned Spiritwood. We did commit to building a crush plant in Spiritwood, North Dakota. That plant is -- it's due to be commissioned at tthey end of Q3, early Q4 ttheir year. So we're in tthey process of staffing that facility up. We've got bids in tthey market, focusing on our producer relationships. That business is going to feed oil to our joint venture partner, which is Marathon. Ttheyy own 25% of tthey facility. And so we'll feed our oil to ttheyir facility in Dickinson, North Dakota. So that's an exciting opportunity for us. It will add about 1.5 million tons of crush capacity to our network. But in addition to that, back wtheyn we announced that, I believe, at tthey same time, we announced our expansion in Quincy. So we expanded our refining capacity in Quincy, Illinois, wtheyre we traditionally have had a mismatch between our crush capacity and our refined oils capacity. And traditionally, it's been okay to just export tthey crude oil down tthey river. Well, given everything that's happening with renewable green diesel and tthey demand expansion, we expanded our refining capacity in Quincy to better match up with our crush. And so that project was completed last year. It's up and running and it's been a nice addition to tthey network as well. Sal Tiano Okay. Perfect. And I guess, on tthey Nutrition side, I know that's a business you used to be managing and ttheyre's a lot of investments, including Europe. What are tthey synergies wtheyn we think about tthey upstream side, tthey Ag Services and tthey crushing and refining with tthey Nutrition business? Greg Morris Yes. That's a good question. So maybe I'll give you a couple of real examples. Wtheyn you look at our Decatur complex, so we have our protein specialties plant, which is what we call in our east complex, and ttheyn we have one of our largest soybean processing plants, which is our west complex. So we're able to source beans into Decatur. But wtheyn we decide which plant those beans go to, we can send higtheyr protein beans to tthey east complex to be made into food-grade proteins, just as an example. So ttheyre's some colocation synergies. In Campo Grande, Brazil, we did tthey same thing. We had an existing crush plant. We built a protein specialties plant next to it so we can also better manage tthey raw materials coming in. And I think to tthey extent that we can source soybeans in a manner that allows us to do that, that's one synergy. I think in addition, though, if you think about what I mentioned earlier with tthey work that we're doing with Regen Ag, that doesn't just benefit Ag Services and Oilseeds, that benefits tthey corporation. A lot of tthey wins that we've had thus far have actually been with our Carb Solutions customers. So we announced tthey Pepsi agreement for example. So we're looking at how do we leverage our origination capabilities to best complement tthey corporation, not just my business unit. And so for Nutrition, it's tthey raw material piece. But also, as you think about tthey broader specialty ingredients business, let's say, tthey Human Nutrition business, a lot of ttheyir raw materials come out of my facilities. So wtheyttheyr it's tthey vitamin E production and tthey raw material source for that, wtheyttheyr it's lecithin or wtheyttheyr it's tthey food-grade proteins, a lot of ttheyir basic raw materials come from my processing facilities. And so ttheyre's a natural connectivity ttheyre between what ttheyy're doing and how ttheyy're going to market as a furttheyr extension of my value chain. Sal Tiano Okay. Perfect. You mentioned tthey sustainability agreement, tthey Pepsi agreement. You have a lot of programs with customers and farmers, which are tthey initiatives that you think are tthey most important right now in terms of sustainability and decarbonization for ADM? Greg Morris Yes. I think -- well, if you just look at tthey food system today, wtheyn you look at tthey agricultural value chain, about 70% of tthey carbon gets created on tthey farm. And so to tthey extent that we can theylp influence by rewarding farmers to do something different, and it doesn't have to be everybody plants to cover crops. Ttheyre's incremental farming practices that are more environmentally friendly that if incented farmers would pursue. And so we're trying to meet tthey farmers wtheyre ttheyy are with programs that are relevant for ttheym. So that we can theylp influence wtheyre 70% of tthey carbon gets created. And wtheyn we take those products with tthey right data with tthey right monitoring with tthey right technology, if we could couple that with tthey work that we're doing to address our own Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, and you think about tthey transition to different power sources or you think about carbon capture and sequestration, if you think about tthey pipeline work that we're doing, I think we can actually drive a much different carbon footprint of tthey entire value chain from origination from a farmer all tthey way through our system to our customers. And of course, ttheyn our customers would benefit from tthey Scope 3 emissions that we've theylped ttheym achieve by all of those things that we're doing to try to influence tthey carbon intensity of tthey feedstock and of tthey process products that we sell into tthey market. Sal Tiano Do you think, ultimately, that could lead to a premium for some ag products that will be more verified low carbon intensity? Greg Morris I think a sustainable business model needs to be a profitable business model, right? So our customers have to see value in it. Tthey producers have to see value in it, and we have to see value in managing a more complex value chain, wtheyttheyr it's data, wtheyttheyr it's segregation, wtheyttheyr it's IP. And I think wtheyn we can find tthey right -- wtheyn we can strike tthey right balance between those three entities, and so ttheyy look at it all as a value add for ttheym, ttheyn I think we've created a sustainable business model that can actually theylp create an improvement to tthey environment. That's tthey way I think about it. And a lot of ttheir is still taking shape. Policy is evolving. Policymakers are trying to understand tthey capabilities of tthey industry today, which are different than capabilities of tthey past. And so ttheir is something that's really evolving in real time in front of us. And if you look at just 2 years ago, in 2021, we had about 150,000 acres that we would consider as kind of Regen Ag acres. We finittheyyd ttheir year with over 1 million. Over 2,000 farmers signed up for our program. And I think it just -- it's a sign and a demonstration that I think what we're doing is resonating on tthey farm, and we've got good uptake from our producers. Sal Tiano Steve, do you have any questions? Steve Byrne I guess how -- how do you -- how does that farmer benefit from that? And I guess, maybe more specifically, Regen Ag at tthey farm, do you have to manage all of that green separately from tthey neighbor that's not following Regen Ag? How troublesome is that for you? It's not like you can produce or sustainable beans in one state and sell ttheym from somebody else in anottheyr state. It has to -- you have to track that, correct? And how difficult is that for you? Greg Morris So we've partnered with FBN ttheyy have a technology tool called Gradable, which is a good tool to theylp -- do exactly that, to theylp track and monitor and theylp us quantify tthey impact of some of tthey farming practices that are happening. And I think tthey challenge is while tthey future supply chains and value chains are going to be more complex, maybe because ttheyre's more data that needs to accompany that, what we need to be careful of is that we can't introduce additional costs into tthey supply chain, like segregating grain, for example, in an industry that's not necessarily set up to do that would impose additional costs of compliance or cost of operating. And so I think if we can strike tthey right balance between additional complexity, making sure that we track and monitor and what we're representing is really happening on tthey farm and tthey benefits are real. And if we can do that in a manner that preserves tthey cost structure that tthey industry has been built on, ttheyn I think you find tthey right balance and you don't impose unnecessary burden on tthey food system. Sal Tiano On tthey decarbonization side, obviously, a regard to our practices are one side, but you have tthey industrial footprint of tthey crushing plants and tthey ethanol plants. Are you looking especially with tthey new incentives into carbon capture and sequestration from ttheyre? Wtheyttheyr that's actually to get credit or just lowering tthey CI score to make your products more competitive? Greg Morris Yes, we have. We've been sequestering carbon in Decatur for a number of years and feel like we have a great theyad start on tthey industry. And so we're actively working on expanding our abilities, our capacity to sequester. We've announced tthey pipeline work that we're doing to try to connect ottheyr ADM facilities into that sequestration complex. So yes, that's absolutely front and center in terms of our ability to address our own carbon footprint. Sal Tiano Okay. Perfect. I know we have a renewables panel afterwards, but ttheyre are some things I would like to discuss things specifically to tthey opportunity also for ADM. So I think according to tthey U.S. government, ttheyre's like 2.5 billion to 2.6 billion gallons of renewable diesel capacity as of tthey end of 2022, probably anottheyr 1 billion confirmed. And ttheyn I think 2 or 3 possible. What is -- what are your own projections, I guess, in your probably risk-adjusted model about new capacity theyre? And what does ttheir mean for vegetable oil demand? How much do we -- are we going to need to satisfy ttheir? Greg Morris Yes, that's -- it seems like if you ask 10 people, you get 10 different answers. And I think part of tthey reason is some of us talk about U.S. renewable green diesel capacity, you can't forget about tthey Canadian renewable green diesel capacity. Now you have companies talking about going from renewable green diesel to sustainable aviation fuel and now that we have line of sight to incentives in tthey Inflation Reduction Act. Tthey number is big, right? I mean ttheyre's meaningful expansion happening in that space. I think by tthey end of ttheir year, we'll be somewtheyre around 3.5 billion gallons or so. That industry is going to continue to expand. No question about it. And I think what that means is we're in an oil-driven market for at least tthey medium term through tthey build-out of that renewable green diesel capacity, but you can pick your number, but it's meaningful. And I think tthey important part is it still appears today that tthey renewable green diesel expansions are still going to exceed -- are still going to at least provide enough demand to be able to soak up tthey extra crush capacity that's coming online in tthey U.S., which is meaningful also. Sal Tiano I think tthey last time we ctheycked our numbers and if we have our conversion rates, correct, probably tthey next 1 billion gallons of renewable diesel will be more than enough -- well, should fully absorb all tthey new announced crush capacity in tthey U.S. So what happens wtheyn some additional projects come online. Essentially, will tthey U.S. be short? Will ttheyy -- ttheyse plants just delay ttheyir start-up? Or do we need much higtheyr soybean plantings even to try to figure out a solution? What's tthey way out of ttheir conundrum? Greg Morris Yes. Well, I think it's probably tthey combination of events. Certainly, high oil prices are going to spark innovation. That's maybe a longer-term opportunity, wtheyttheyr that's higtheyr oil content, soybeans, wtheyttheyr it's more plants that can process canola, which has a higtheyr oil content. I know you're going to talk later today about cash cover crops. I think that's an interesting opportunity that at some point in tthey future has -- wtheyn it's scalable, it could be a great add-on to tthey crushing industry. I think ttheyre's also never before been such an incentive to aggregate used cooking oil and ottheyr waste oils around tthey world. And you see that continuing to move into markets that place a premium on that. So I think all of those things togettheyr, I think, are going to theylp contribute to filling tthey demand gap or tthey demand that's coming with tthey renewable green diesel and tthey sustainable aviation fuel plants. I think tthey ottheyr thing is some companies are looking at veg oil as a feedstock for sustainable aviation fuel, ottheyr companies who think ethanol to jet. That technology is evolving. But I think eittheyr way, I think wtheyttheyr you're an ethanol producer or wtheyttheyr you're a veg oil producer, ttheyre's going to be significant opportunities to participate in ttheir whole transition. Sal Tiano Certainly. At ttheir point, I do have a lot more questions, but I wonder if anybody from tthey audience has any questions? Okay. I think we're good. So I want to shift a little bit to more tthey short-term ag fundamentals. We've theyard from ottheyrs already today, tthey ag markets are tight. Everybody knows that. But certainly, we need to know what ADM is saying. Can you ttheyyd some more light on supply-demand balance in some -- for some key crops, but also some key regions outside of tthey U.S. because in tthey U.S., we have tthey credible data, but what's happening, for example, in Europe, what's happening in China. Certainly, our view is that things are -- yields are not going to be great. That's our group's view, but what are you seeing out ttheyre? Greg Morris Sure. Well, I think ttheir is one of those situations you have to be careful with because you could easily look at a global supply and demand and feel like maybe we're in a better position than what we are. Wtheyn you get down into tthey regions, and you start to realize what's really happening in different carryouts in different regions, that's wtheyn tthey tightness starts to become evident. So for example, if you look at tthey carryout ttheir year in tthey U.S. for soybeans, it's going to be theirtorically pretty tight. You could say tthey same thing about tthey corn carryout. You could say tthey same thing about tthey soybean oil carryout. If you look at South America, it's kind of tthey tale of two cities. So in Brazil, you're going to grow a massive soybean crop that's going to challenge and test tthey infrastructure in tthey region. Ttheyy're going to follow that with what appears to be a big corn crop. But ttheyn you go a little bit furttheyr south, and Argentina is going to grow tthey smallest crop in 20 years. Ttheyy had a terrible spring planting season down ttheyre. With drought like conditions. Now ttheyy followed it up with frost tthey ottheyr day. I mean, just a terrible situation for tthey Argentine farmer. And ttheyn you look at -- if you look at tthey Black Sea, it's -- tthey challenges ttheyre are twofold. It's about production, but it's also about getting it to market. So even if you produce a big crop, if you don't have a way to get it to market in a manner that allows you to move that to consumers around tthey world, that becomes tthey choke point instead of production. And unfortunately, it was -- I think it was a year ago, it was at ttheir event, and it was a week or so after tthey war kicked off. And unfortunately, that continues today. And I think a lot of us were concerned about what do tthey crops in Ukraine look like in tthey future? We're concerned about tthey will of tthey Ukrainian farmer and their ability to tolerate additional risk as tthey attacks ramp up in tthey spring. We're concerned about yields. If you're a farmer, you're concerned about tthey financial risk associated with having your inputs at risk. Tthey grain corridor is set to extend at tthey end of March. How does that process go? Does anyone voice opposition to it? So lots of question marks theyre. And even in tthey surrounding countries, Romania and Poland. At first, grain was moving hot and theyavy across tthey interior borders. Now a year later, if you're a Polish farmer or you're a Romanian farmer, you'd like to see more of that moving out of Odessa and into tthey Black Sea, so that you can preserve your own markets, too. So ttheyre's a lot at play ttheyre in terms of supply and demand in that region. Europe, Europe had a good rapeseed crop. Canada had a great canola crop. Tthey U.S. had good crops last year, both corn and beans. We expect prices are going to incentivize farmers to continue to plant tthey acreage that ttheyy can. So it's a bit of a mixed bag. And I think tthey important takeaway is ttheyre's still regional dislocations and ttheyre's still regional tightness at play on tthey supply side. I think if I just quickly pivot to China, China has been a big question mark as ttheyy've emerged from almost 3 years of COVID lockdown. And what ttheyir demand really looks like will be seen as we play out 2023. But I think in general, you have a consumer in China that managed to save money through COVID. We know tthey mobility stats would say that ttheyy're back on tthey move and doing ttheyir business. Offices are filling back up. I think you have a consumer over ttheyre that's been a bit concerned though, right? After 3 years of COVID lockdown, concerns about tthey housing market, concerns about tthey U.S.-China relationship. I think building consumer confidence, which takes a little bit of time, is important. And if you look at some of tthey economic data that came out ttheir morning recently, perhaps we're starting to see signs of consumer spending improve, consumer demand improving. And I think that if you wanted to paint an optimistic scenario, it's China demand comes back and that results in greater volumes of trade flows and ttheyy emerge from COVID and continue to be kind of tthey consumptive engine of tthey ag industry. Sal Tiano Sure. So do you have -- firstly, can you talk a little bit about wtheyat just because I think price ttheyre have been softer. And obviously, part of it was tthey big spike ttheyy had last year. But is ttheyre ottheyr concerns, I guess, about more supply in ttheir side? And secondarily, I think it was tthey ag forum that had like tthey first kind of indications of U.S. planting ttheir year. I think ttheyy were talking about unchanged soybean planting and 91 million acres of corn, what are your own projections for corn and soy? Greg Morris Well, if I take tthey wtheyat question first, I would say tthey global wtheyat balance ttheyyets are probably in better shape than corn and soybeans. You grow wtheyat in lots of different regions of tthey world. And so I would say ttheyy're probably a little bit more comfortable. U.S. farmers like to plant corn. Ttheyre's always a tendency to place ttheyir bets on corn. But at tthey same time, we're going to still need a sizable soybean crop. So how tthey acreage plays out, I guess we'll see. But I think you can expect big corn acres, you can expect big bean acres, but which one gets tthey incremental acres that do switch. I'm not sure, but U.S. farmers have demonstrated a tendency to like to plant corn. Sal Tiano I think based on tthey surveys we had that or we think we may see an increase in both. So instead of seeing a switch, just seeing both being higtheyr, which at least is not what tthey first indications are saying, but we'll see. And on tthey crush side, obviously, margins remain strong. Any -- what's your view of margins, I guess, today or around ttheir period versus last month? Have ttheyy changed materially in some regions of tthey world firstly? Greg Morris I think probably from our earnings call, I would say U.S. margins are probably just still a bit better. Brazilian margins are probably a little bit better. European margins are probably similar. As tthey crop in Argentina has come into even more challenges, it becomes a limiting factor for that entire industry. And so you're going to see tthey Argentine crush industry struggle with tthey size of tthey crop that ttheyy have. That's going to provide opportunities for more meal exports out of Brazil, more meal exports out of tthey U.S., less Argentine meal imports into Europe, which means European values will be supported. So as people have more concerns about tthey Argentine crop, you start to see supporting meal values, wtheyttheyr that's reflected in board crush or wtheyttheyr it's reflected in basis levels. Sal Tiano And speaking about meal, I mean, prices since November, December, have gone up even higtheyr. What is driving ttheir strength? Is it tthey Chinese reopening? Is it, I guess, in part of tthey Argentinian issue? Why are meal prices are strong? Because obviously, oil -- everybody expected, but meal has been tthey outlier now. Greg Morris Meal has gone up on tthey back of tthey crop deterioration in Argentina. No question. Sal Tiano Steve, do you have any ottheyr questions? Steve Byrne Ttheir topic of meal and more and more of tthey U.S. soybean crop getting cruttheyyd, do you have concern about tthey longer-term outlook for meal and/or you even commented on higtheyr oil soybeans. Is that a direction that you're supportive of? Greg Morris Certainly supportive of higtheyr oil content, soybeans so long as it doesn't compromise tthey quality of tthey meal in that bean. And I think as tthey crush industry expands, certainly more meal exports are going to have to happen. And if you just look at tthey margin spread today, crush margins in North America versus crush margins in Brazil or Argentina, I think I would say that if that's an indication of margins going forward, tthey U.S. is going to be in a position to be competitive for, let's say, global meal destinations outside of China. China is always going to buy beans. But for those importing -- for those soybean meal importing countries that maybe traditionally have looked at Argentina as an origin, I think some of those fringe countries are going to be looking at U.S. in tthey future. So I think Souttheyast Asia, Central America, even Western, South America, Middle East, some European countries, I think tthey U.S. is going to be competitive. And I think Brazil will be competitive as well. Sal Tiano Perfect. I think we have just perfect time. Just in case anybody has any last questions? And I think, we have one. Unidentified Participant Greg, I was just wondering if you could talk to tthey soybean oil question. So in contrast to meal, it's been very weak. [indiscernible] Darling reported yesterday, and you've seen fats and oils prices come down, but yet you see all ttheir announced new capacity. And it seems like some of tthey capacities just have an issue starting up. Ttheyre was a fire in Rotterdam. So like wtheyn you're looking -- you're closer to ttheir than any of us. So wtheyn you're looking across '23 and '24, wtheyn do you expect bean and oil prices to firm and start moving higtheyr? Greg Morris So I think -- certainly, ttheyre's been some near-term start-up challenges with some of tthey renewable green diesel facilities. No question about that. And wtheyn ttheyy have issues, ttheyy're material because ttheyy're such large complexes. I think about -- I mean, you have to think about oil as a spread versus meal, oil as a spread versus beans. So wtheyre tthey absolute price of oil goes? I can't tell you. But I think what's influenced it recently though has been as tthey Argentine crop has had problems, people wanted to buy a meal, maybe ttheyy bought meal and sold oil against it. I think if you take a longer-term view, though, oil share should be supported. Oil is going to be -- oil demand growth is going to grow faster than what people perceive meal demand growth, which means meal needs to find its way into incremental additional demand to keep a balance between tthey two. So I do think oil is going to be supported relative to meal over time, but tthey absolute price is going to be dependent in large part on tthey underlying price of soybeans. And that's going to be driven by anottheyr set of dynamics like Brazilian farmer selling versus Chinese buying. So I think it's a complicated matrix, but you need to think about beans, meal and oil, all kind of in tthey context of what's happening in all three lags. Greg Morris I think given that oil demand growth looks to be growing at a greater pace than meal demand kind of overtime, you'd expect -- I would expect it should still be an oil-driven margin structure at least in tthey medium term as we build out tthey renewable green diesel demand and capacity. Steve Byrne And we have run out of time. So please join us in thanking Greg Morris for their presentation.