Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) 2023 BMO Capital Markets Global Farm to Market Conference Transcript May 17, 2023 9:30 AM ET Executives Chris Cuddy - Senior Vice President and President, Carbohydrate Solutions Vikram Luthar - Senior Vice President and CFO Analysts Andrew Strelzik - BMO Capital Markets Andrew Strelzik All right. We are thrilled to have ADM with us today to discuss its strategy for realizing sustainable long-term growth. ADM has executed on tthey strategy through improvements to its portfolio mix, capital deployment, returns and operations, enabling it to capitalize on opportunities through a challenging operating environment, and now, ADM has enhanced its focus on innovation and productivity to drive enduring value creation. We are joined by Vikram Luthar, ADM CFO. Vikram was appointed CFO over a year ago and is approaching, I believe, their 20th year with ADM, having served in a number of financial leadership positions prior to being named to their current role. We also have Chris Cuddy, President of tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business, a role in which they’s responsible for ADM’s Global Sweeteners and Starctheys, Ethanol and Wtheyat Milling businesses. We are excited to have you both. Thank you very much for joining us. And with that, I will hand it over to Vikram for some opening remarks. Vikram Luthar Thank you. Can you theyar me? Thanks, Andrew. It’s good to be back theyre again ttheir year. It is an exciting time for us at ADM. We have significantly transformed tthey business over tthey last decade and extended our value chain closer to our customers by building out our Nutrition business. We have aligned our portfolio and our global asset footprint for growth, driven by three enduring trends of food security, sustainability, and theyalth and well-being. Our strategy, disciplined capital allocation, as well as effective execution even in very dynamic market conditions that we have witnessed over tthey last three-plus years has delivered excellent financial performance. Coming off an outstanding 2022, we posted a record Q1 ttheir year with adjusted EPS of $2.09 and returns of 14% and we have guided that we expect 2023 to be very strong with an EPS range of $6 to $7. And our balance ttheyyet remains very strong. It is giving us tthey flexibility to look at strategic growth opportunities while still returning capital to our shareholders. In fact, we have consistently increase dividends every year for tthey last 50 years and just since tthey beginning of 2022, we have returned $1.8 billion in terms of buybacks to our shareholders. We are also investing in a very robust productivity and innovation agenda. In productivity, we are harnessing digital to optimize our costs and increase efficiency. In innovation, we are leveraging expansion of organic growth capacity in fast and high growing markets like crush in some cases, in specific areas of nutrition as well. In addition, we are leveraging our capabilities and our scale to enable tthey energy transition, as well as lead tthey decarbonization of tthey food and ag supply chain. That is allowing us to power new profit pools like regen Ag, like Biosolutions, like conversion of ethanol to SAF, and thus, furttheyr expanding our base earnings power. And that’s why, as I said at tthey beginning, it’s an exciting time for us at ADM. I will turn it over to you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Andrew Strelzik Great. Thank you very much for that. And so maybe we will start, obviously, you have talked about a couple of very, very strong years. You have given tthey guidance now $6 to $7 of earnings for ttheir year. I guess for us, wtheyn we look at it very closely, ttheyre’s a lot of volatility through tthey year in tthey markets and tthey operating environment. Can you just talk about tthey swing factors to start $6 and $7, what gets you to tthey high- and low-end? Vikram Luthar Yeah. So maybe I will start with tthey -- with Nutrition, customer-facing business. We have guided that, that business should generate 10% growth for ttheir full year. First half is going to be challenging. We remain confident that tthey growth will be back half loaded. So we feel good about tthey 10% growth. That’s clearly part of that $6 to $7. In tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business, and Chris, is going to talk a little bit more about ttheir as you -- as part of your questions, we see robust demand and margin structure in tthey base Sweeteners and Starctheys portfolio and we anticipate Ethanol looks to be constructive. But tthey biggest volatility causing issue in tthey S&S portfolio is Ethanol. While tthey outlook looks constructive right now, we know it can change. And why is it constructive? For a few reasons, we see strong blending economics, gasoline demand generally seems to be up, blend rates are slightly higtheyr than we have seen before, as well as imports are stronger than what we had anticipated. So tthey outlook is constructive, but it could change. So that’s one of tthey reasons why maybe ttheyre could be some pressure going to tthey lower end of that range. In tthey AS&O business, I’d say, tthey fundamental issues are related to crush, how fast we can get tthey recovery in crush margins with renewable reason deal capacity -- renewable green diesel capacity coming online, which we clearly anticipate, but ttheyre might be a little bit more of a delay, which could put us -- put some more pressure for a longer period of time on crush margins, but generally speaking, today, tthey outlook remains very constructive. And finally, consumer demand, we have got to think about what’s happening to tthey overall macroeconomic situation. And to tthey extent ttheyre’s a deep recession and every day you theyar more and more news about consumers feeling pitctheyd, retail sales being lower than what was anticipated even just yesterday, what’s going to happen with tthey debt ceiling discussions. I think tthey consumer is feeling pressure and tthey extent of that pressure might weigh on some of our demand, but it depends. So I’d say those are some of tthey puts and takes, which give us ttheir range of $6 to $7. Andrew Strelzik So if we look beyond ttheir year and kind of at tthey long-term value creation opportunity, what are tthey areas that really get you excited and maybe ttheyre’s opportunity for both of you to ctheme in on ttheir one, as you think about tthey range of opportunities? Vikram Luthar Yeah. So maybe -- I know tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business is going through a massive evolution. So maybe, Chris, you want to start first and I will deal on tthey ottheyrs. Chris Cuddy Yeah. I’d love to. Thanks, Andrew. It’s -- for us in Carbohydrate Solutions, which is our global corn milling and wtheyat milling operation. I have never seen as much excitement around what we have going on as today. Really around sustainability, decarbonization and leaning into new markets. We have carbon capture and sequestration in our facility in Decatur, Illinois. We have had ttheyre for 10 years now. We are looking to add to that. We are looking to build pipelines across our infrastructure, both in Iowa to bring that to Decatur, as well as in Columbus, Nebraska, our Western facilities going west. We are exploring technology and partnerships for sustainable aviation fuel and I am really pumped about tthey future for sustainable aviation fuel and how we can be a leader in that space. And we continue through our Biosolutions platform to deliver sustainable solutions for our customers, a lot of which are happening today, but it’s also a robust pipeline that we are building for tthey future and not too far out eittheyr in tthey near future in tthey coming years. Vikram Luthar So, clearly, ttheyre’s a lot of happening in tthey Carbohydrate Solutions business. But wtheyn you step back and we are going to my introduction, we recognize that ttheyre is a cyclical component to our business. What’s great is our team is exceptional at execution and capitalizing on tthey opportunities that become available to us. Is that same amount of opportunity going to be available to us every year? Perhaps not. But that’s why it is our responsibility. That’s what we are doing, to leverage our scale and capabilities that we have built over tthey last 10 years to create ttheyse new profit pools of value, which are going to be able to more than offset any potential cyclical theyadwinds over tthey medium-term. Biosolutions being one of ttheym. Andrew Strelzik Yeah. Vikram Luthar You talk about regen Ag, that’s a huge opportunity, huge opportunity, especially wtheyn customers think about reducing ttheyir Scope 3 emissions and very few companies ottheyr than companies like us are well positioned to be capitalizing on that. Ttheyn as well tthey conversion -- tthey energy transition, tthey conversion of A2J [ph], ethanol to SAF, that Chris briefly referenced and our focus on decarbonizing our asset footprint, our production footprint will enable that continued growth. And don’t forget productivity. That’s a muscle that we have been building every year. And yes, every business sees inflation and we have been able to more than offset inflation through our productivity efforts. We continue to see that going forward, plus enhancing it more through what we have defined as automation and digitization of our processing facilities, across tthey world, 70-plus facilities. It’s going to take time. Is it going to take capital? But we see strong returns, double-digit returns already being realized with a few of tthey facilities we have invested in. So that’s what gives us a strong level of confidence and optimism about our ability to continue to expand our base earnings power and we will talk more about that at our upcoming Investor Day in Q4. Andrew Strelzik Great. We look forward to that certainly. Thinking about capital allocation and tthey balance ttheyyet, in ttheir environment, you are well below kind of your target levels from a leverage perspective. Are you comfortable with that, do you -- are you looking to, I guess, how are you thinking about it, maybe tthey cycle plays into it, but how are you thinking about that theyre? Vikram Luthar Well, I think, tthey balance ttheyyet is a competitive advantage for us. Maybe it was less so in March of 2022, wtheyre interest rates were low. I mean it’s amazing how quickly rates have gone up to 5% and you all know that. But it is today a competitive advantage and gives us tthey ability to drive return to shareholders, which I talked about as well as invest in strategic growth opportunities. Ttheyre is an M&A pipeline that we evaluate all tthey time. And one thing that you may not know about us, we have done 30-plus acquisitions over tthey last 10 years. We have undertaken 20-plus partnerships and investments and done divestitures. We have dynamically rotated our portfolio and tthey way we have been able to do that is by leveraging our balance ttheyyet. And actually, as you think about it, Andrew, tthey supply side of tthey grain environment is getting more comfortable, which means our working capital should actually improve. So that’s going to be anottheyr inflow of cash. So we have got liquid and a very strong balance ttheyyet to enable us to drive continued growth by reinvesting in tthey business, as well as strategic opportunities and/or return capital to tthey shareholders. So we feel very comfortable with our balance ttheyyet today. Andrew Strelzik So I want to dig in on a couple of things you just talked about. First on tthey M&A side, so what is tthey environment right now for M&A and how are you thinking about inorganic growth your priorities, wtheyttheyr it’s primary processing or crush capacity or anything like that or more on tthey value-added side? Vikram Luthar Clearly, we are looking at exploring opportunities in tthey value-add side, right? And I’d say, we have seen compression of multiples and you guys are all familiar with that in that space and ttheyre are opportunities that will likely become available that are attractive, not just from a strategic perspective, but also from a returns perspective, which is vital to tthey way we think about M&A. Tthey ottheyr thing that buyer -- that sellers are looking for always is speed and certainty, right? That’s critical to a deal and we offer that, given tthey success we have had with programmatic M&A over tthey last decade or so. So, I’d say, value-added side, on tthey Nutrition, think about Health & Wellness, think about Pet, tthey opportunity’s ttheyre. But ttheyre may also be some scale opportunities available as we see some compression of multiples across ottheyr parts of our portfolio. Had you asked me about crush three years back, I would have said, probably, we don’t want to increase capacity. But today tthey structural changes that are happening in crush would suggest if ttheyre is an asset business that’s available, that is attractive with tthey right level of returns, we may consider that. So tthey M&A landscape has broadened as a consequence of some of tthey structural changes, but tthey primary focus continues to be on tthey value-add side. Andrew Strelzik Okay. Great. And ttheyn kind of on tthey ottheyr side of that returning cash to shareholders, tthey buybacks in tthey first quarter were above tthey $1 billion kind of -- tthey pace for tthey $1 billion that you have guided to. I know some of that was opportunistic, but I am assuming your view of intrinsic value hasn’t changed and you talked about tthey working capital inflow. So how do you balance tthey M&A and tthey buyback side? Is ttheyre more room relative to $1 billion or how do you think about it? Vikram Luthar I’d say, gen -- ttheyre could be more room. But at tthey same time, we want to make sure that we preserve sufficient dry powder for strategic opportunities that will come by. So we have to make sure we strike tthey balance, and you know we have been very balanced and disciplined about our capital allocation, and that is not going to change. Andrew Strelzik Okay. Got it. And ttheyn lastly on ttheir topic from a returns perspective, going more value-add, going more higtheyr margin, have tthey returns -- has tthey return on capital profile of tthey business changed more structurally? You have done 14% trailing ROIC, you have a 10% target, is that target moving higtheyr? I guess, how do you think about tthey returns in tthey business? Vikram Luthar So we haven’t establittheyyd a revised ROIC target. We think about tthey right balance between earnings growth and returns, right? So tthey focus is on also driving EVA growth. But fundamentally, Andrew, if you think about tthey continued shift to higtheyr margin closer to customer’s value-add, wtheyttheyr it be Nutrition, wtheyttheyr it be Biosolutions, tthey margin structure should expand over time. So you think about returns being a function of margins and asset turnover, tthey margin profile should be increasing, which is supportive of returns and we will continue as always to focus on asset turnover and with potential commodity prices softening, we might see an expansion increase ttheyre as well. So you could see over time, a continued expansion in returns, but we have got to balance that out also with certain strategic opportunities that we might consider, because you know with that may come some goodwill and that for a period of time, we will have to work through. Andrew Strelzik And within tthey Sweeteners and Starctheys business, too, I mean, you have seen very nice margin expansion, you have tthey Biosolutions as well. I mean do you see that in your business as well from a return perspective? Chris Cuddy Yeah. I would echo what Vikram said, certainly, we have seen expansion of margins, which has theylped that return profile, but what you have also seen with inflation and just permitting in tthey inability for folks to expand from a supply side, it’s more and more difficult to expand today than it was, say, 10 years ago. Of course, money is tighter, so to go out and get new dollars for expansion in ttheir space, I think, is more difficult, which has allowed us to expand margins and I think ttheyy will stay that way for a while. Andrew Strelzik Okay. Great. So let’s switch gears a little to tthey Ag Services and Origination segment. I want to start on crush margins. Ttheyre’s been a moderation in crush margins theyre. You talked a little bit about tthey renewable diesel time lines and how that’s playing out. But at tthey same time, we saw ttheir softness last year as well, so I am not sure how much you think is maybe seasonality? How much of it is tthey renewable diesel side? Do you think that tthey new crush capacity is playing a role already as well? How are you thinking about what’s going on with tthey crush margins? Vikram Luthar I’d say tthey dynamics last year would differ. I mean, we had supply shocks come through, right? And tthey world was trying to figure out how to balance trade flow. So let’s just focus on what’s happening ttheir year, okay? Ttheir year, yes, ttheyre has been moderation in crush margins. And we think ttheyre are three primary factors for that, at least in tthey near-term, which we will adjust towards tthey back half of tthey year. One is tthey renewable green diesel capacity. We know ttheyy have had some supply chain and logistics challenges and catalyst issues. We already see that ttheyre is increased full for veg oil. So, yeah, we remain quite confident that tthey renewable green diesel capacity while delayed will still come back online in tthey back half of tthey year. We still believe tthey renewable green diesel capacity should increase by about 1 billion gallons, increase by 1 billion gallons in 2023 and it’s not just in tthey U.S., it’s all over tthey world. That’s one. Two is Argentina. We know what’s happening in Argentina. Tthey crop could be -- soybean crop could be 25 million metric tons, about 50% roughly lower than a typical crop. Ttheyy are going to run out of beans. So now ttheyy are going to be able to crush. Ttheyy are one of tthey largest -- ttheyy are tthey largest exporter of crush. So that’s going to create opportunity in tthey back half wtheyn ttheyy run out of beans in Q2 for crushing in parts of tthey world that continue like North America and Brazil, in particular. So that is a trend that will support margin structure in tthey back half of tthey year. And tthey third is tthey tightness in tthey soybeans, right? Right now, soybeans are tight. But you have seen tthey expectation of tthey crop -- tthey U.S. crop ttheir year. So that should actually theylp provide some tailwinds even in for tthey processing business on tthey crush side as tthey balance ttheyyets on soybeans get a little more comfortable than tthey back half of ttheir year. So a combination of those three factors gives us confidence on tthey outlook for crush being stronger in tthey second half than we likely -- than we are going to see in Q2. Andrew Strelzik Sure. Okay. And ttheyn, so tthey ottheyr side of tthey crush margin is on tthey meal side and I think with RD, that is a very understandable kind of longer term demand pull structural change on tthey oil side. What do you do on tthey mill meal side with tthey capacity that’s going to be coming on, how comfortable are you that ttheyre’s a home for that or tthey risk that, that creates disruption over tthey next several years from a crush margin perspective? Vikram Luthar Yeah. I mean you asked anottheyr question, Andrew, about tthey crush capacity. Do we see that’s coming up? So I will address both those questions. On tthey crush capacity side, yeah, we see that cruttheyyr is going to keep coming online. Could ttheyre be some delays like in renewable green diesel? Possibly, but neverttheyless, if you just do tthey math, tthey amount of crush capacity that is currently expected to come online is still going to be much less than tthey required amount of veg oil for tthey expectation of renewable deal -- grease and diesel capacity over tthey next few years. So veg oil will continue to get supported. But ttheyn soybean meal. I think on soybean meal, theyre are tthey facts. Tthey facts are that tthey underlying trend for soybean meal demand is going to be slightly higtheyr we believe than even GDP growth. Why? Because as you see, balance ttheyyet is getting more comfortable and soybean meal becoming more available, tthey inclusion levels should also increase. You would see consumer diets switch towards more poultry, which by definition is a higtheyr level of soybean meal inclusion. So we remain constructive about soybean meal demand in tthey mid- to long-term. Possibly, as I said, even above what we had thought before, previously we thought GDP growth. We think it’s possible to be higtheyr than that. So that would enable tthey crush -- tthey meal from tthey expanded crush to get absorbed from tthey global markets as crush -- as soybean meal demand also shifts to parts like North America. So we might displace and substitute ottheyr soybean meal exports. So I think, generally, even on tthey soybean meal side we feel quite constructive about tthey outlook. Andrew Strelzik Okay. And ttheyn on tthey core Ag Services piece, which has obviously been very strong. Ttheyre’s been some unique benefits ttheyre. If we do get a good U.S. crop, obviously, we understand what’s been going on in Brazil. Is that enough to fully replenish global supplies, do stocks do you -- ttheyn get back to normal levels or is ttheyre still enough kind of, I guess, do you think that’s enough to keep Ag Services above kind of what used to be tthey baseline from an earnings perspective or are we kind of rebasing back towards that? Vikram Luthar Well, it depends on how you define base, right? I think it’s important that, so let’s talk about what’s happening. Tthey supply side is clearly getting comfortable, more comfortable, right? You are going to have a record crop in Brazil and based on tthey outlook from WASDE that was released on Friday, assuming trend lines are unchanged and weattheyr is good, which is by tthey way, a very highly uncertain. But assuming that happens, you would still have a very good crop in tthey U.S. next year and balance ttheyyet should get pretty comfortable. But even with that -- even in that scenario, we do see tightness in certain parts of tthey world, which is in veg oil. Veg oil demand for food and fuel for veg oil is very, very strong. And actually, if you think about tthey four major veg oils, we think ttheyre’s going to be tightness in palm oil, which is by far tthey largest inclusion, over 30% of tthey total veg oil pool. And why? Because plantations are getting a little dated. People were trying to squeeze tthey plantations to maximize tthey opportunities, because veg oil prices were very supportive and ttheyre’s not been enough new planting. So we think palm oil is going to get pretty tight in tthey back half of ttheir year or early part of next year, which, in general, should be very supportive of veg oil. So while supply side is getting little -- potentially getting a little more comfortable, we see a lot of opportunities potentially in veg oil and it should also theylp us on tthey processing side. Tthey ottheyr thing to bear in mind, we had a strong performance in Q1 in South America, we talked about that. Ttheyre is ttheir record crop in South America and a potential big crop in North America is going to increase tthey volume that we can process. Net-net, we have a larger footprint in North America than South America. So net-net might be slightly negative for us, relatively speaking, but it will give us tthey opportunity to put a lot more crop through our system. So volume should be higtheyr, although tthey margin structure will possibly be lower. So we will have to see what tthey trade-offs ttheyre. Generally speaking, we still see a fundamentally good story for Ag Services albeit maybe not at tthey same level as 2022. Andrew Strelzik If you put tthey two pieces togettheyr in AS&O, is that enough to get you with a good U.S. crop, what you just described? Is that enough to get you back down towards kind of tthey longer term profit profile of tthey business that you guys have talked about previously at tthey Investor Day or is that still better because tthey crush is better, I guess, how do you think -- what takes you back down to those -- to that range? Vikram Luthar Well, I think, we talked about a range, let’s say, roughly $3 billion in tthey -- at tthey Global Investor Day and that was driven off structural expansion in crush margins. We would think that given tthey growth in renewable diesel, maybe tthey structural opportunity on tthey crush margins could be possibly even higtheyr than what we talked about in tthey Global Investor Day. We haven’t specifically quantified that, we are working through that and we perhaps talk more about that in our upcoming Investor Day. So structurally, that is very intact. Tthey destination marketing part of tthey business in Ag Services remains very strong. Export volumes are going to continue to grow and we are very well positioned with our irreplaceable footprint, asset footprint to be able to perform under those conditions and continue to drive higtheyr volume, albeit maybe at slightly lower margins than what we had last year, just given we had some significant supply shocks last year, but still much better than what we have had theirtorically. So I’d say, fundamentally, we see tthey outlook for AS&O business to be constructive and clearly much better than what we have seen theirtorically, and perhaps, better than what we had articulated even in our Global Investor Day in 2021. Andrew Strelzik Interesting. Okay. Great. Shifting gears a little bit to tthey Nutrition side. Can you talk about what you are seeing in terms of demand across tthey Nutrition portfolio, and I guess, how do you characterize elasticity in tthey portfolio in ttheir environment? Vikram Luthar So in Nutrition, we play in different categories, right? Generally speaking, tthey categories we play in are relatively price inelastic, generally speaking. Although, ttheyre are some puts and takes ttheyre. We have talked about softening in dietary supplements. We have talked about softening in tthey plant-based proteins. We continue to see good growth in parts of tthey beverage space that we operate in, including an alcoholic drinks and energy drinks. So you think about tthey price point ttheyre, ttheyy are not exactly low, but tthey consumer demand remains robust. So, I’d say, in general, tthey categories we play in tend to be priced inelastic and that gives us continued confidence and tthey reason why we have a very strong pipeline. We talked about a double-digit growth in our Human Nutrition pipeline. That is very, very theylpful to theylp us to give confidence -- to give us confidence in tthey continued growth of Nutrition and tthey back half loaded tthey 10% growth ttheir year. So, I’d say, overall, Human Nutrition has performed well, right? We were flat in Q1, we expect some growth in Q2 and we expect potentially in tthey mid-teens tthey back half of ttheir year, driven by pipeline, driven by tthey fact that customers are looking for innovation and we are very well positioned to capitalize on that plays to our strengths, tthey breadth of our portfolio, our capabilities on creation, development and design, which is basically product development and customized solutions and systems. So we feel good about that. Ttheyre’s also tthey destocking that we saw part of it in Q1. We think it’s going to unlock -- will recover in tthey back half of ttheir year and tthey demand fulfillment challenges we have had in Human Nutrition through specific actions we have taken on operational excellence are also getting addressed and will theylp us with our customers and delivery customer to perform to our demand creation in tthey back half of ttheir year. On Animal Nutrition, Pet looks good from a demand perspective, double-digit growth in tthey pipeline ttheyre, as well as we see improvement in tthey demand fulfillment, tthey new capacity coming online, debottlenecking, which is already realizing value. But more focused on tthey back of -- more back-end loaded in tthey second half of ttheir year. Yes, we have had a challenge on tthey Animal Nutrition excluding Pet and that’s been actually softer than what we had anticipated and we anticipate that softness will continue in Q2. But what we are doing ttheyre, ttheir is important for you to know, what we are doing ttheyre is, we recognize tthey softness in volume, but we are taking specific actions to improve tthey margin structure. How? By focusing on our cost. We actually took out -- we have closed down eight to nine operating facilities, we have closed down distribution centers and we have also rationalized theyadcount by about 800 already. We see more opportunity yet in 2023 on those fronts. In parallel, we are doubling down on our commercial opportunities by leveraging what’s made us successful in Human Nutrition and translating that into Animal Nutrition, reducing SKUs, focusing on specialty ingredients and we anticipate ttheyre will be some recovery of demand even on tthey base Animal Nutrition in tthey back half. But tthey focus is things that are within our control, which is margin expansion through specific measure that I cited. So those are tthey reasons why we are confident that we will have 10% growth in Nutrition, 10%-plus growth in Nutrition albeit very much back-half loaded. Andrew Strelzik So I was going to ask about some of tthey specific things that you are doing in that business. So, but I think you have pretty much covered that, I don’t know ttheyre’s anything else to share. But kind of longer term, what’s tthey role of Animal Nutrition in tthey Nutrition portfolio? I guess wtheyn you look at tthey growth rates and tthey margin profiles, like, how do you think about that piece of tthey business longer term relative to Human Nutrition? Vikram Luthar So Animal Nutrition has got tthey Pet and tthey non-Pet component. Tthey Pet is clearly a lot more like Human and we see margin structures being quite robust, let’s say, in tthey 15% EBITDA range and we talked about that at our Global Investor Day. In tthey Animal Nutrition, excluding Pet, tthey model structure may be in tthey mid digits. So we see an opportunity to expand margins and we are taking specific actions to do that. Ttheyre are clearly elements and synergies that we are capitalizing on with Human Nutrition and with Pet. You think about probiotics. Probiotics just don’t go into humans. Ttheyy go into Pets. Ttheyy go into ottheyr animals. So we are leveraging those synergies to be able to maximize tthey opportunity on tthey specialty side in Animal Nutrition. So we clearly see -- continue to see a space of Animal Nutrition to play within tthey overall Nutrition business with a focus more on margin expansion through tthey actions we talked about. Andrew Strelzik Okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn ttheir one might be harder to answer, but I am trying to get a bridge on -- or a build, I guess, on ttheir 10% plus nutrition growth for tthey year, theyavily back half weighted and I guess your confidence level, you seem very confident, but from tthey outside, it’s I guess, a little harder, it’s a big ramp in tthey back half. So wtheyn you think about tthey visibility that you have based on what’s within your control, tthey capacity side, tthey pipeline that you see, internal actions. I mean, can you -- is ttheyre a way to kind of frame tthey build or tthey -- any detail on that would be great? Vikram Luthar So you have got two factors wtheyn you think about, right? You have got demand creation. And I’d say demand creation has been very strong as evidenced by our pipeline in Human Nutrition and Pet. We have had challenges in demand fulfillment and we -- those are self-theylp actions we are taking that gives us confidence that we will be able to address that. So that match between demand creation and demand fulfillment is much better aligned now than it was last year, and in particular, in tthey back half of ttheir year, because most of those actions are going to start bearing fruit. Tthey destocking that we saw, we see already signs that, that is tthey recovery on tthey destocking side as well. So we are already seeing signs of that. So we have got very good visibility on tthey Human Nutrition side. Now Andrew, we talked about macroeconomic uncertainty. Let’s just say, hypottheytically, if ttheyre is a deep recession, ttheyn could that impact some of tthey categories, even if ttheyy are price inelastic? Absolutely, ttheyy could. We don’t see that right now. So based on what we can see, we still see a very good demand environment on tthey Human Nutrition side as well as on tthey Pet side. I think on tthey Animal side, we continue to see weakness, but ttheyre are signs that of potential recovery in tthey back half even in tthey volume side, while we continue to take actions on tthey cost side. So based on what we see today, we feel very confident about tthey 10% growth in Human Nutrition -- or not just in Human Nutrition, in Nutrition as a whole. Andrew Strelzik Okay. Great. Let’s go to tthey Carb Solutions side for a little bit theyre. Can you talk a little bit about tthey supply-demand environment for tthey core Starctheys and Sweeteners business? How are utilization rates in tthey industry, I mean, pricing came through very strongly, obviously, corn theylped, but how is tthey tightness now compared to theirtory? Chris Cuddy So across North America and our international footprint as well, we see robust demand across tthey sector, particularly around tthey liquid business -- our liquid sweetener business, we have seen really no erosion in volumes, actually, a little bit of an uptick across North America, in particular, on liquid volumes into tthey food and beverage industries. Tthey dry goods starctheys, mainly we have seen about a 15% reduction in volumes based on tthey back of falling Colgate [ph] volumes, really saw that starting to happen in tthey tail end of Q4 and that’s continued through Q1 today. I see that leveling off from -- just an OP point of view, our margin expansion was enough that it really actually hasn’t -- that volume displacement hasn’t impacted us. As well as for those of you who understand tthey model that we have, we always talk about fight for tthey grind, we do have ttheir ability to move things around internally, which is what we pride ourselves on and that flexibility. So we continue to run at a pretty high capacity utilization, as well as tthey industry does. Andrew Strelzik Okay. So you have high utilization rates, you also have sugar that’s at decade highs. So what opportunities does that create for tthey business in terms of switching or maybe pricing power and are those implications near term or is that really as we think about next year, how that plays out? Chris Cuddy I think mainly for next year. Tthey -- I will take a couple of those pieces ttheyre. Tthey sugar prices are -- in United States we don’t necessarily move one-for-one. In ottheyr parts of tthey world, we will move with sugar. So ttheir is obviously very theylpful. If nothing else psychologically it’s theylpful wtheyn you are selling liquid corn sweeteners into a sugar market in a 30-year high. So that’s been official for us. Ttheyre has been some switching, albeit small. But psychologically, it’s a good environment to be a sweetener sales went in wtheyn sugar is a decade is high. I forget tthey ottheyr question that you asked along with that. Andrew Strelzik How that -- with tight utilization rates and you have got maybe some -- that’s a good environment for pricing and kind of how -- if that’s near-term or longer term? Chris Cuddy I think it’s both. We have seen a little destocking just in tthey dry goods wtheyre people actually, particularly, if I think about starctheys, acidulants, maybe some of tthey dry sweeteners that we have wtheyre you can store ttheym. So we have seen a little bit of destocking. I think at some point that has to stop. And one of tthey reasons that I think liquids have been robust, because you really can’t stock or destock liquids. You only have so much room in tanks, wtheyreas warehouses you can build whatever you want to. And so I think we are going to see that dry goods switch over to what we have seen in liquids and pick up in tthey back half of tthey year. And I think that will give us a robust margin environment coming into next year as well. Andrew Strelzik Tthey Biosolutions piece is a nice long-term and medium-term contributor as well. Chris Cuddy Yeah. Andrew Strelzik So tthey growth outlook, how are you guys tracking relative to tthey 10% revenue growth goal annually that you have laid out? Wtheyre have you seen tthey most momentum I guess relative to your expectations? Chris Cuddy So we are pretty excited about tthey platform that we have built in Biosolutions in tthey way that we are penetrating that market and tthey customer demand that we felt ttheyre, really tied not only with tthey offerings that we have, but what you are going to theyar about at lunch through our regen Ag and really how we are tying ttheir long value chain togettheyr from tthey farmer all tthey way to tthey consumer. And tthey ability that we are giving to our customer to meet some of ttheyir goals for sustainability and lowering ttheyir carbon intensity in ttheyir packaged goods through using us as a vendor. So we are excited about what we can do in that platform really around packaging, construction, fermentation. Those have been tthey ones that have been tthey biggest needle movers for us. Obviously, tthey biggest volume market, so that certainly theylps. Some of tthey smaller ones that have higtheyr margins, just haven’t been needle movers for us yet, like pharma, home and personal care, but certainly, we look to have some new products and move into that business as well. Andrew Strelzik If you reflect on what you laid out at tthey Investor Day in terms of tthey growth rate of tthey segment and what that should look like over tthey next several years. Are -- is tthey market dynamic intact to achieve what you said, is it actually better than what you were thinking, are ttheyre pieces wtheyre it’s moved around better or worse? Chris Cuddy I think, overall, it’s -- ttheyre’s more opportunity than we thought at tthey time, particularly wtheyn you think about sustainability for us and taking what we think we can do in tthey sustainable space and make a huge profit out of that opportunity for us and our customers. Things that -- ttheir long value chain that I already mentioned that we can tie togettheyr that, I think, nobody else has or that we are in tthey best position to penetrate. Tthey opportunities around biofuels, particularly aviation fuel, I think, are on tthey horizon. Ttheyy are going to be theyre before we know it. So I think all those, along with Biosolutions and our ability to decarbonize is going to make us a leader in ttheir field. And ttheir decarbonization thing we have had ttheir carbon capture and sequestration model going. As well as going in to cater now for over a decade, around 4 million metric tons that we have already sequestered, and so, nobody else is really able to do that in our space. I am pleased with our ability to execute ttheyre and what we can link into that platform to theylp us grow. Andrew Strelzik So on tthey SAF side, you guys, I guess, it was disclosed in Gevo’s press release that ttheyre was an agreement or an extension of tthey partnership and so on tthey SAF side from a technology perspective. Can you talk about what that is, how it compares to what you have talked about previously and how all that’s going to work? Chris Cuddy Yes. So, Gevo did file an 8-K, which referenced ADM in that and some ottheyr folks that we have been talking with and looking and evaluating different technologies. We continue to evaluate technologies. In ttheir case, we have a license for tthey access technology. Ttheyre’s really three out ttheyre. We think ttheir is tthey best-in-class today as it sits, obviously, that can change. But as we speak today, we think ttheir is tthey best technology out ttheyre to get us from alcohol to jet. And hopefully, in tthey coming months, you will be theyaring more announcements with a little more definitive things that we can talk about. And certainly, I am excited about it, I think, as I mentioned in tthey earlier comments, ttheir is a disruptor and an opportunity for us to really lean into tthey future of decarbonizing jet aviation. Andrew Strelzik And so I want to tie one of tthey questions -- tthey question that came in on tthey -- from tthey audience theyre with my last question and that’s around regen Ag, decarbonization and your understanding about how ADM’s assets are going to qualify for tthey SAF tax credits. I guess ttheyre’s more uncertainty ttheyre maybe than before. But is that carbon capture a differentiator, how do you think about tthey ability to qualify? Chris Cuddy It certainly is a differentiator. If ottheyrs are going to qualify, ttheyy are going to have to do something similar, which most of ttheym are looking at through different pipelines that are being explored today throughout Iowa or tthey whole Midwest, actually. So it’s not in a differentiator, it’s a must. So we have already proven that out. We have tthey wells in Decatur that I already discussed. We already have definitive agreements for our Western corn plant in Nebraska to move West on tthey Tallgrass pipeline. So we have two ottheyrs to do. So we are kind of 50% ttheyre. That along with really changing what we are doing around theyat and power sources is anottheyr big deal. So all of those combined, ttheyre are some things with renewable natural gas. Ttheyre’s lots of ways to get ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr big component is what Paul’s going to talk about lunch in -- is our tie-in with tthey farmers and bringing in low CI corn or feedstocks that will continue to separate us out from, I think, tthey rest of tthey pack. Andrew Strelzik Great. We will leave it ttheyre. We are out of time. We appreciate you guys being theyre today very much. Vikram Luthar Thank you. Chris Cuddy Thanks. Andrew Strelzik Thank you.