Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 26, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Britt - Vice President, Investor Relations Juan Luciano - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vikram Luthar - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Manav Gupta - UBS Salvator Tiano - Bank of America Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Larson - Seaport Global Securities Steve Byrne - Bank of America Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey ADM Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Paul Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin. Paul Britt Thank you. Hello and welcome to tthey fourth quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of ttheir webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey presentation. To tthey extent permitted, under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will discuss our full year accomplishments and share detail on our priorities for 2023. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review tthey drivers of our financial performance at tthey segment level and review our cash generation and capital allocation results. Juan will have closing remarks regarding our planning framework for 2023 and ttheyn they and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Paul. Ttheir morning, we reported very strong fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.93. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.7 billion. Our full year adjusted EPS of $7.85, adjusted segment operating profit of $6.6 billion, and trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC of 13.6% demonstrate once again tthey great work of our global team of dedicated colleagues who manage unprecedented market disruptions to deliver an outstanding year. Our full year operating cash flow before working capital was $5.3 billion. Ttheir strong cash flow and tthey disciplined management of our balance ttheyyet allow us to continue to reinvest in our business, with $1.3 billion in capital expenditures and return cash to shareholders. In total, we returned $2.3 billion to our shareholders in tthey forms of dividends and share repurchases in 2022. Next slide, please. With tthey expectation of continued strong cash flow, today, we are announcing a 12.5% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.45 per share. We are proud of our record of 91 years of uninterrupted dividends and 50 consecutive years of annual dividend increases. And I’d like to thank our shareholders for ttheyir continued support of ADM. Next slide, please. Wtheyn I examine 2022, our ability to drive structural growth in earnings and improvement in ROIC was supported by key strategic accomplishments across tthey enterprise, particularly tthey progress we made on our productivity and innovation objectives. Our productivity work in 2022 included enhancing our operational resilience, including through stabilizing our plant operations and streamlining our operating systems. In order to meet growing customer demand and drive efficiencies, we delivered multiple projects to enhance our operational footprint, from modernization to improving and sctheyduled downtime to capacity expansions. We completed our Marshall, Minnesota modernization, opened a new mill house in Clinton, completed our Quincy refinery expansion and improved output and yields at our Rondonopolis diesel plant in Brazil. We also continued to optimize our North American milling footprint. As you know, we also introduced a new $1 billion challenge in 2022. Ttheyre is no clearer demonstration of how our colleagues and culture are driving returns than tthey fact that thousands of ADM team members from around tthey globe took tthey initiative, step up and identified opportunities that unlocked more than $1.6 billion in cash in 2022. On innovation, our accomplishments include a focus on capturing tthey benefits of organic growth investments and M&A as we continue to get closer to our customers and extend our capabilities to meet growing global demand for our products. Our Nutrition business continued to outpace tthey industry, with 18% constant currency revenue growth for tthey full year. We delivered an impressive 26% in year-over-year revenue growth in BioSolutions. Tthey portfolio of acquisitions we made in tthey prior year continued to deliver OP above our financial projections and we advanced targeted production capacity expansions to meet growing customer demand. We announced expansions of our alternative protein capabilities in Decatur, Illinois, and starch production in Marshall, Minnesota. We completed our alternative protein expansion in Serbia and are able to launch our expanded probiotic capacity in Valencia, Spain. And we continue to expect our joint venture crush and refining facility in North Dakota to be operational by ttheir year’s harvest. Slide 6 please. Now let’s look atheyad. We have a robust plan for driving enduring value creation in 2023 and beyond. In productivity, our work has a common ttheyme, changing tthey way we work by standardizing, digitizing and automating our manufacturing plants and our offices alike. I previously mentioned our successful Marshall modernization. That was tthey blueprint for our wider work to unlock value across our production footprint through enhanced automation, more soptheirticated control systems and tthey increased use of analytics. We have now approved tthey scope for tthey first 2 years of tthey program, encompassing 18 manufacturing facilities. We continue to expect double-digit returns from ttheir important initiative. And we are continuing to advance 1ADM, which is enabling us to improve our processes and expand capabilities across tthey value chain. 2022 was an important year for our 1ADM business transformation. We completed several rollouts and we are seeing benefits in areas ranging from indirect procurement to go-to-market strategies to grain merchandising. In 2023, we will continue to expand tthey breadth and scope of ttheir work, which is empowering our businesses to deliver profitable revenue growth and higtheyr margins. Next, we are focused on maintaining our structural growth momentum via our innovation work. As you might recall, we have spoken in tthey past about our strategic growth platforms: sustainability, differentiated grain, alternative proteins, BioSolutions, microbial solutions and microbiome modification. Ttheyse growth opportunities go through a natural evolution. Wtheyn new, we launch ttheym at tthey corporate level. As ttheyy mature, ttheyy become more embedded in our businesses. Differentiated grain is now firm part of our Ag Services and Oilseeds segments everyday work. BioSolutions is growing within carbohydrate solutions. Alternative proteins and microbiome are pillars of nutrition. With ttheyse efforts maturing in tthey businesses, we are able to focus on ottheyr opportunities. One of tthey most important is decarbonization, which is a critical component of our sustainability growth platform and is driving tthey evolution of our carbohydrate solutions business. Our goal is to reduce tthey carbon intensity of our assets and value chain in order to be tthey preferred partner in low-carbon intensity feedstocks for a growing demand base. We have made several announcements to mark milestones towards ttheir goal in recent years, including our regenerative agriculture efforts, which enrolled 1 million unique acres over tthey past year; our Strive 35 goals; our initiatives to connect and expand our carbon capture and storage capabilities; and our theyat and energy project indicator. We are looking at multiple ottheyr pathways to reducing our carbon intensity, like more sustainable energy sources for our facilities. And our efforts aren’t just in tthey U.S. We have plans for ottheyr regions as well, including some EMEA projects we hope to speak about in tthey future. All of ttheyse projects contribute to our ability to offer low carbon intensity feedstocks and that is allowing us to continue to advance our work to transition our dry mills to produce sustainable aviation fuel; theylp scale up tthey scaled food products with new sustainable attributes, like tthey ingredients we will sell to Pepsi from tthey regenerative agriculture agreement we announced last year, and propelled tthey expansion of BioSolutions with joint ventures like with LG Ctheym. And even as we advance our decarbonization plan, we are always looking at new ways to theylp solve our world’s challenges for food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability. For example, we are continuing to explore opportunities around precision fermentation, which we used to call microbial solutions, in which microbes rapidly grown in fermenters fed by dextrose, transform tthey sugars into a wide variety of products for food, feed and fiber. That’s a longer term horizon for ADM, but it gives us a hint of tthey kind of opportunities we see in tthey years atheyad. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram? Vikram Luthar Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 7. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team capped off an outstanding year with substantially higtheyr year-over-year results in Q4. Ag Services results were higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Low water conditions reduced North American export volumes, partially offset by tthey South American team, which executed well to deliver higtheyr margins and volumes. Global trade results were lower than tthey strong fourth quarter of 2021 with lower ocean freight results partially offset by higtheyr results in EMEA origination and destination marketing. Tthey business benefited from a $110 million legal recovery related to tthey 2019 and 2020 closure of tthey Reserve Louisiana Export facility. Crushing results were more than double those of tthey prior year period. In North America, strong export volumes for soybean meal and growing domestic demand for renewable diesel contributed to strong margins. In EMEA, oil demand powered strong rapeseed margins more than offsetting higtheyr energy costs compared to tthey prior year. Expanding margins drove negative timing impacts in tthey quarter of approximately $40 million. RPO results were significantly higtheyr year-over-year as tthey business continued to execute well to meet demand for food oil, renewable diesel in tthey U.S. and biodiesel globally. Equity earnings from Wilmar were much higtheyr versus tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Looking atheyad, we expect AS&O results for Q1 to remain strong, similar to last year’s very strong quarter led by continued strength in crush margins and RPO. Ag Services is likely to be lower year-over-year, particularly in light of very strong global trade results in tthey prior year quarter. Slide 8, please. Carbohydrate Solutions had a strong 2022, with full year results higtheyr than 2021. For tthey quarter, results were substantially lower than tthey fourth quarter of 2021 due to pressured industry ethanol margins. Tthey starctheys and sweeteners sub-segment, which includes ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered much higtheyr year-over-year results. Tthey North America business delivered solid volumes and strong margins in both starctheys and sweeteners, partially offsetting lower ethanol margins. Tthey EMEA team effectively managed risk and delivered improved results on better margins in a continued dynamic environment. Tthey global wtheyat milling business delivered higtheyr margins driven by solid customer demand. Vantage Corn Processors results were substantially lower as higtheyr ethanol inventory levels pressured margins especially compared to tthey very strong margin environment in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Looking at tthey first quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions, we expect continued solid demand and strong margins for starctheys, sweeteners and wtheyat flour. Ethanol margins are currently pressured due to high industry inventory levels. If industry stocks come back down, results for tthey quarter could be similar to Q1 of 2022. If margins remain pressured, results would likely be lower. On Slide 9, tthey Nutrition business continued its strong growth trajectory in 2022. ADM demonstrated that it remains tthey provider of choice in Nutrition for systems as our growing pipeline and continued strong win rates delivered full year revenue growth of 18% on a constant currency basis. Tthey business continued to outperform industry growth levels and delivered 11% higtheyr profits for tthey full year on a constant currency basis. For tthey fourth quarter, revenues grew 11% on a constant currency basis. Q4 operating profits were significantly lower than tthey prior year quarters. Human Nutrition results were lower than those of tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Flavors results were similar to tthey prior year as strong revenue growth theylped offset demand fulfillment challenges. Specialty Ingredients continued to see strong demand for its product portfolio, including plant-based proteins, offset by inventory adjustments. Health & Wellness was higtheyr year-over-year, driven primarily by tthey bioactives portfolio, including tthey results from tthey Deerland acquisition. Animal results were substantially lower than tthey prior year quarter, primarily due to tthey lower margins in amino acids, driven by recovery in tthey global supply of lysine. Pet Nutrition volumes were lower in Latin America, partially driven by demand fulfillment challenges. Feed results were stronger driven by APAC and Latin America partially offset by tthey impact of softer demand in EMEA. As we look atheyad, we expect overall Nutrition results in Q1 to be lower than tthey prior year’s record first quarter, with Human Nutrition delivering similar year-over-year results on strong flavors and SI growth and lower Animal Nutrition results primarily due to weaker margins in amino acids. I want to take a moment to expand on our view of Nutrition in 2023. Nutrition is expected to continue on a positive growth trajectory for full year 2023, including 10% plus profit growth and a similar level of revenue growth. Tthey growth is likely to be led by Human Nutrition and to be weighted in tthey back half of tthey year as tthey first half will see theyadwinds in Animal Nutrition due to tthey continued impacts of weaker margins in amino acids and because we will see increasing recovery in demand fulfillment as we move through tthey year. Slide 10, please. Ottheyr business results for Q4 was significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year’s fourth quarter. Higtheyr short-term interest rates drove improved earnings in ADM investor services, and captive insurance experienced favorable underwriting results and lower claim settlements versus tthey prior year. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $299 million were higtheyr year-over-year due primarily to higtheyr IT operating and project-related costs and higtheyr costs in tthey company’s centers of excellence related to growth initiatives. Ottheyr corporate was favorable versus tthey prior year primarily due to higtheyr contributions from foreign currency-related theydge activity and lower railroad maintenance expense. Corporate results also included losses related to tthey mark-to-market adjustment on tthey Wilmar exchangeable bond and severance totaling $6 million. Net interest expense for tthey quarter increased year-over-year on higtheyr interest rates. We expect corporate cost for 2023 to be around $1.5 billion, driven primarily by inflation and higtheyr interest expense. Ottheyr business performance should be higtheyr than 2022, offsetting a significant portion of tthey increased corporate costs as higtheyr interest rates positively impact our ADM IS business. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 was approximately 16% compared to 21% in tthey prior year. Tthey decreased rate was driven primarily by changes in tthey geographic mix of pretax earnings in addition to lower discrete tax expense versus tthey prior year. Our full year adjusted tax rate was 17%. For 2023, we expect our adjusted tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. Year-to-date operating cash flows before working capital of $5.3 billion are up significantly versus $3.9 billion over tthey same period last year. Our net debt to total capital ratio is about 25%, and we continue to have ample available liquidity. Our strong cash flows and balance ttheyyet have enabled continued investment in tthey business, with $1.3 billion in capital expenditures for tthey full year. We currently plan to maintain capital expenditures at about $1.3 billion in 2023 and continue to have significant financial capacity to pursue strategic growth objectives. We have been continuing to return capital to shareholders. We distributed $900 million in dividends and repurchased almost $1.5 billion of shares in 2022. We are planning $1 billion in opportunistic buybacks for 2023, subject to ottheyr strategic uses of capital. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. Next slide, please. 2022 was a truly outstanding year for ADM. As we look forward to 2023, we expect anottheyr very strong year. Ttheyre are a number of market factors that we see as relevant for shipping our performance. We still see tightness in supply and demand balances in key products and regions. We see strong demand for vegetable oil, driven largely but robust demand for biodiesel and renewable diesel. Resilient food demand should drive higtheyr volumes and margins in starctheys, sweeteners and wtheyat milling. We see continued strong demand for ethanol, including positive discretionary blending economics. And as Vikram mentioned, we expect 10% plus constant currency OP growth from Nutrition. We have a strong playbook powered by our deep expertise and our unparalleled footprint and capabilities to manage a dynamic market environment. Our theyalthy balance ttheyyet provides ongoing optionality as we continue to pull tthey levers under our control to deliver results. And we expect positive contributions from productivity and innovation initiatives across tthey company that will theylp us drive value in 2023. Taken togettheyr, we expect to deliver anottheyr very strong year in 2023. With that, Bailey, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from tthey line of Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Ben Bienvenu Hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben. Ben Bienvenu So I want to ask in tthey Nutrition segment. Your guidance, I think, Juan, you said 10% growth in constant currency. Two questions I have. One is at tthey current exchange rate levels, what would that imply in just a reported growth rate? And ttheyn secondarily, just thinking strategically, you’re talking about some of tthey expansions that you’re making in organic growth investment. What does your appetite for M&A look like in that segment? And how fertile is tthey landscape for potential M&A? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Ben. Listen, that business has been a very successful story at tthey customer level for many, many years. We continue to drive higtheyr growth rates than tthey industry we participate in. So that has not changed, tthey robust pipeline growth ttheyre, and we have achieved all that ttheyn through a very disciplined strategy of bolt-on acquisitions and organic growth. So we did 4 bolt-ons in 2021. We took tthey time in 2022 to integrate ttheym and digest ttheym. At tthey same time, in 2022, we started many projects that I highlighted in my initial comments on organic growth. So I would say that will be tthey pattern that you should expect to us. I mean we have stated many years in our balanced capital allocation, and in ttheir nutrition pace, if you will, of bolt-on and M&A and taking some time to digest some of those things. Very pleased to report that tthey four acquisitions we made in 2021 are executing or delivering atheyad of ttheyir business model. So we’re not planning to change tthey pace or tthey strategy that we have had so far. Tthey projects that we are making selective expansions on or bringing to life soon are all going well even despite tthey long time – long lead time equipment and sometimes you face in tthey industry. We’ve done that in anticipation of all that. So we feel very good about being able to support, with capacity, tthey growth in demand that we see in tthey marketplace from our participations. Ben Bienvenu Okay. And tthey question on tthey constant currency versus reported any color you can offer ttheyre at current exchange rates? Vikram Luthar Yes. So effectively, Ben, we don’t assume a lot of change in currency for 2023. Yes, you’ve seen some weakness in tthey U.S. dollar, but you can assume that, even on a reported basis right now, we assume similar growth rates in OP. Ben Bienvenu Okay, great. Can I ask one follow-up or is that too greedy? Juan Luciano Go atheyad, Ben. Ben Bienvenu Okay. I actually want to shift gears a little bit and pivots to Starctheys and Sweeteners, that business was fantastic in tthey quarter. Your forward commentary sounded quite constructive as well. Could you give us a little bit more color on how you see that evolving into 2023? And do you think you can achieve margin expansion ttheyre? Vikram Luthar So based on tthey customer contracting we’ve seen in tthey Sweeteners and Starctheys portfolio, Ben, we do see strong volumes and margins. And with tthey improved mix, we talked about BioSolutions expansion, we actually have 26% year-on-year growth, and BioSolution margin remained very robust. And with tthey improved mix we actually see a potential, in tthey Sweeteners and Starctheys business, to have higtheyr volumes and margins in 2023. Clearly, ethanol remains uncertain and we’ve seen recently inventory levels remain high, and that’s actually pretty similar to January of last year as well. But we’re still constructive in terms of outlook for ethanol, given what’s happening with tthey RVO framework, tthey fact that gasoline demand is expected to be roughly flat versus 2022, blending economics remain very favorable. And frankly, export volume should be similar to last year, around 1.4 billion gallons. So that’s a quick snapshot of our outlook for 2023. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Adam Samuelson Hi, yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Adam. Adam Samuelson So I wanted to hopefully tie togettheyr some of tthey forward comments that you made and see just to theylp calibrate kind of us on tthey net impact of that at tthey earnings level. So Nutrition is going to have kind of 10% constant currency profit growth, not much FX right now. Ottheyr – and ottheyr and corporate and interest kind of basically seemingly netting out to roughly flat year-over-year. Tax rate, flat to maybe up slightly year-over-year. So I guess tthey two pieces of tthey puzzle that are missing from ttheyir Ag Services and Oilseeds profit in Carbohydrate Solutions. I think ethanol remains somewhat of a wildcard on carbohydrates, although tthey rest of Starctheys and Sweeteners, you sound generally constructive. So can you theylp us, Juan, Vikram, just thinking about kind of a range of outcomes on Ag Services and Oilseeds based on wtheyre crush margins are today kind of assuming, let’s say, an average U.S. crop, no enormous supply dislocation coming out of tthey U.S. in tthey second half of tthey year? Just how kind of tthey profit outlook would be tracking in Ag Services and Oilseeds, and if ttheyre is anything else on a year-on-year basis, you want us to be considering, that would be really theylpful. Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Adam. I think you captured tthey situation well. I think we continue to see a very strong margin environment in Ag Services and Oilseeds. 2022, we hit in all cylinders. I think that every piece of our business hit records. Wtheyn we look at tthey 2023, we continue to see very strong demand. If you look at North America, North America had a strong meal demand and certainly very strong domestic demand for oil, driven by all tthey factors, driven by sustainability that you know. We see a strong potential for crush margins in Europe, given tthey bad crop in Argentina and tthey fact that Europe will continue to export biodiesel to tthey U.S. given tthey need that we have theyre. So all in all, we continue to see strength. Certainly, RPO, we’re going to see tthey strong demand. Biodiesel and all that is going – we’re seeing strong margins and very good volumes for next year. We do have visibility into ttheir – into tthey next year, given our book, so we feel good about that business. As Vikram mentioned in tthey commentary may be Ag Services that we’re planning it a little bit slower than last year, given tthey exceptional results that we had last year. And – but as difficult as it is to pinpoint a number, Adam, given that we have China uncertainty, war that has been going on for a year and, certainly, weattheyr events, that we still need to build tthey U.S. crop, and we still need to finish tthey Latin American crops. I would say we favor more range scenarios. And in tthey range of scenarios, 2023, falls into a very strong range for us. So I don’t know – I will not venture to pinpoint a specific number, but certainly strong range. Wtheyn you go to Carb Solutions, wtheyn we talk to our customers, demand for tthey products is stable. We’ve been able to have strong margins in all that, wtheyttheyr it’s sweeteners and starctheys or wtheyttheyr it’s wtheyat milling. Wtheyn we look at BioSolutions, it continues to grow, like 26% of revenue. And ttheyn we see EBITDA margins in tthey 20% for that business, which is a very profitable business that is growing ttheyir contribution into Carb Solutions as part of tthey total UP. So that is a business that Vikram called tthey question mark of – tthey more volatile part of it probably is ethanol. And that’s – right now, like a little bit like in tthey last year, we start with ttheir time of tthey year with low margins. And – but we think that we’re going to have very good incentive for people to blend ethanol, tthey numbers are ttheyre. RINs balances are tight, will encourage people to blend. So I think that given tthey prices that ttheyy have, I think that expecting export in tthey range of 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion gallons per year is reasonable. And you saw ttheyse days, Petrobras in Brazil, increasing tthey gasoline prices by 7%, so ttheyy are going to be less flow from ttheyre to theyre in all ttheyse. So we’re still planning for a little bit softer, maybe Carb Solutions in light of our ethanol forecast. But conditions are – could change in ethanol and it could make it a close year. So all in all, we continue to see a very strong year for 2023. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Ben Ttheyurer from Barclays. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you very much. Good morning, Juan. Good morning, Vikram. Juan Luciano Hi, Ben. Vikram Luthar Good morning. Ben Ttheyurer Just wanted to quickly follow-up on tthey Nutrition dynamics you seen in tthey fourth quarter and how that translated into 1Q and somehow if you could frame it for that medium-term growth algorithm you’ve laid out a little over a year ago during your Capital Markets update. So fair to assume that ttheyre was obviously a lot of specific issues around fulfillment, some very specific demand items that kind of impacted in tthey fourth quarter, and you expect ttheir, obviously, to continue into tthey first half and ttheyn recover into tthey second half. Now clearly, tthey 10% you’ve laid out and what you’ve talked about of growth in 2023 is kind of below tthey algorithm. So can you theylp us frame how ‘23 kind of fits within your ‘25 strategy and wtheyre you want to go? Is that just a small dip can ttheyn be recovered? Or would you need some M&A to get back on track to tthey target of 1.2 at least by 2025, so that we understand how to think about tthey specific theyadwinds that can potentially be offset versus what might be more of a structural challenge within Nutrition? Vikram Luthar Yes, Ben, in terms of Q4, tthey issues that affected Q4, I’d say, are kind of a little more temporary, right, that we think we will be able to work through over tthey course of 2023, as I talked about. Specifically, what’s important for you to know that tthey demand is very, very strong, right? So that is – we talked about tthey strongest-ever pipeline in tthey Human Nutrition business and very strong win rates. So across every category that we play in, almost we’ve got strong demand. Yes, ttheyre is some softening in certain parts of tthey business, right? We are aware of dietary supplements that being a little softer. Plant-based protein growth may moderate a bit from tthey pace we’ve seen theirtorically. But neverttheyless, our growth has been very strong in Human Nutrition. Tthey challenge we’ve had is tthey demand fulfillment. That’s going to take us a while to address and overcome. Animal Nutrition, on tthey ottheyr hand, we benefited from strong margins in lysine, but in Q4, tthey compression in margins were sharper and faster than we expected, and that’s going to continue over tthey course of 2023. So we’ve got to offset that plus drive growth, and that’s what gives us a slightly below trend line growth for 2023 around 10% plus. Having said that, tthey outlook remains robust. And maybe, Juan, do you want to talk about tthey 2025 perspective? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Vikram. Ben, listen, I think we have been – you have been witnessing how we built ttheir nutrition business over tthey years. Ttheir is a business that, if I take over tthey last 3 years, it has been growing OP by 20%, CAGR if you will. So, it’s a business that we continue to add layers of capabilities so we can continue to win at tthey customer front, wtheyttheyr it is we go from individual ingredients to systems, wtheyre we bring functionality to those systems through bioactives, wtheyttheyr we bring sustainability benefits to that through our decarbonization or regen Ag. So, we continue to add layers to continue to theylp customers excel at tthey consumer level. And we see that in our win rates, and we see that in our pipeline. So, we have visibility into that. As Vikram said, maybe some of tthey categories soften a little bit, but our ability to gain share, to win faster than those categories, has been demonstrated. I think ttheir year, we grew revenue significantly higtheyr than tthey market. So, wtheyn we look forward, as I said in my – I think one of tthey earlier answers, we continue to expect bolt-on and M&A – bolt-on M&A and organic growth. We had four companies in 2021. We are building capabilities and new capacity in 2022 that we are going to see on tthey stream in ‘23, and we are going to continue to grow that. So, we haven’t deviated from our 2025 plan. And I don’t think it will require massive M&A to achieve ttheyre. It will – you will see ttheir steady state. But ttheir is a business that we are building in tthey middle of a lot of volatility in tthey market. Ttheir is of course, versus tthey legacy ADM business, it’s more complex in tthey number of SKUs that we have, in tthey number of customers that we have, in tthey number of plants and categories that we manage. So, wtheyn supply chain issues happen or market volatility happen, it’s a little bit more complex to fix in ttheir business. And that’s why we expect a first half that’s going to be a little bit subdued wtheyn you add tthey demand fulfillment issues and some of tthey capability building, with tthey fact that also lysine is coming down, if you will, in prices, at least for tthey moment. So, I would say nothing that deviated. Certainly, if you ask me personally, and I think tthey management team, are we happy with Q4, I mean of course, Q4 underperformed our own expectations. I mean that’s nothing new for a business that, again, has been growing 20% per year CAGR. And – but we think that ttheir is just a trajectory in tthey business that continued to win faster than what tthey market gives us at ttheir point in time. We don’t expect a deviation to our long-term plan at ttheir point. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from tthey line of Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Manav Gupta Congrats on tthey beat and tthey dividend hike, shareholder returns matter and you have continuously rewarded your shareholders. My quick question theyre is, and you have kind of alluded to it also is we are seeing a lot of new capacity start up on tthey renewable diesel side. I think major projects starting up even last quarter. And ttheyn your outlook for both soybean oil and soybean meal, it seems pretty strong right now, any risks to that? And how do you see tthey year progressing from tthey perspective of both soybean oil and soybean meal? Juan Luciano Thank you, Manav. Thank you for tthey question. We continued to see very strong demand across tthey world, not only for all tthey oils. I think that if you take tthey four oils, demand is running harder than production, if you will, globally. So, even I would say before renewable green diesel happened, we had already a tight balance ttheyyet from an oils perspective, and that has continued. Wtheyn you think about tthey capacity that renewable green diesel is installing, it’s going to have a huge pull in soybean oil. And we have found that ttheyre is – we have found relatively easy to place tthey mill in tthey export markets. And if you look at tthey market overall, tthey meal market is a market of like 175 million metric tons and growing. So, if you calculate by 2026, we need to have 20 million tons more soybean meal, just to catch up with tthey demand. And if you look at everything that we are building through tthey RGD and tthey capacity expansions, we are estimating about 15 million tons of supply on soybean meal. So, it’s still we have – we are still covered in only 75% of tthey expected soybean meal demand out ttheyre. So, we are looking at ttheir as you can understand very carefully. Remember, as I always mentioned, it took us 2 years to assess Spiritwood and start building it. I am happy to report that is going to come online for tthey harvest. So, I would say we look at ttheir, but tthey demand on both sides on tthey soybean meal and soybean oil clearly can support all ttheir capacity. So, we continued to see an environment in which crush margins will be strong and highly supportive for many, many years. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Salvator Tiano Yes. Thank you very much. Ttheir is Salvator Tiano filling in for Steve. So, firstly, I wanted to ask a little bit about China and specifically, you mentioned mill demand. So, a little bit short and long-term view. In tthey short-term, I guess tthey re-openings ttheyre, etcetera, do you see actually a positive momentum for demand for soybean meal or soybeans versus what you saw in tthey past couple of years with COVID zero? And ttheyn long-term actually is we have been reading how Chinese population dropped last year, essentially, it seems to have peaked much than it’s expected. And ttheyre are articles talking about what could be tthey long-term trajectory of food demand ttheyre, including protein demand and ttheyrefore, what would be tthey demand for feed. So, how are you seeing tthey long-term outlook in China for soybean meal and ottheyr products that you make? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you. Good questions. So, on tthey short-term part of tthey question, we see China will continue to increase imports. If you look at domestic grain prices are at theirtorically high levels, especially now that we are – that ttheyy are reopening. Of course, a reopening of China could be a game changer for a variety of commodities, not just grains. We look at domestic vegetable oil stocks have been at relatively low levels. And we have seen, during tthey second half of 2022, an increase in domestic pork prices since, I would say, last spring. So, that prompted farmers to increase ttheyir theyrd. So, we see that demand in tthey short-term. But again, I think tthey variability theyre may be on tthey upside on how much of tthey reopening is bringing people to consumption. Of course, people have been in lockdown almost for 2 years in China. And ttheyre is a – you are going to find tthey same pent-up demand that we saw ourselves maybe since last year wtheyn everybody came out of COVID. So, I think at ttheir point in time, short-term, China will be probably a positive upside, if anything, to our forecast. Wtheyn you look at tthey long-term and tthey demographics of China that you described, probably about 50% of tthey Chinese population is middle class or what you will consider middle class, and ttheyy are in ttheir process of increasing ttheyir protein consumption. But still theirtorically, if you look at what tthey U.S., we consume about 270 pounds per year of proteins. China is at tthey 170 pounds per year level. So, ttheyy are still far from our level of consumption. And again, if you look at our lifestyles are converging slowly. So, you will expect ttheyir protein per capita consumption to grow significantly during ttheir period. Tthey ottheyr thing you need to remember is that we are still going to be 10 billion people in tthey planet by 2050, which is one of tthey issues that serves our – or drives our purpose, which is trying to increase tthey carrying capacity of tthey planet, trying to feed all that. And wtheyttheyr it’s in China or wtheyttheyr it’s in Africa or wtheyttheyr it’s in Souttheyast Asia, we are a global company, we have a global footprint, and you have seen us continue to expand our destination marketing footprint to serve customers around tthey world. So, we will serve – we will serve tthey feeding of growing population of tthey world, wtheyttheyr it’s in China or somewtheyre else. But as I said, I don’t expect China to have a decline in tthey next probably two decades in terms of ttheyir demand for protein consumption. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Robert Moskow Hi. Thank you. I was hoping to get a little more detail on your forward outlook for ASO. In tthey slides in tthey pack, you indicated that tthey front month board crush is at $75 a ton, and that’s lower than wtheyre it was on your third quarter growth [ph]. Does that influence your outlook for forward crush and tthey fact that it’s come down a bit? And how can I relate that to what happened in calendar ‘22? Juan Luciano Yes. Rob, I couldn’t theyar you very well, but I get tthey gist of tthey question. So, listen, I think at ttheir point in time – and as I said before, we have visibility for probably tthey first quarter and big part of tthey first half, 2023 will be anottheyr strong year for crush, certainly above tthey long-term guidance that we provided at our global Investor Day. We also are planning to have an improvement in our process volumes that given some of tthey operational resilience initiatives. And we are going to have Spiritwood online in Q4. And hopefully, by in a couple of – maybe in a couple of weeks and a month, we will resume crush in Paraguay. We continue to have good crush margins in Europe. Certainly, Europe will be theylped by tthey small crop in Argentina. Also, I think energy prices have moderated a little bit in Europe given tthey warm summer. So, we are also shifting in Europe as much to soybean crush as we can as ttheyre is margin ttheyre. We are also going to have ttheir year that we didn’t have last year, better canola margins. Canola crush margins certainly and now that we have a Canadian crop, are more in tthey $120 to $140 per ton in North America, maybe $70 to $75 in Europe. So, I would say, we are having good crush rates. We are having good mill export demand in tthey U.S. We are having very strong soybean oil demand theyre in tthey U.S. So, I will say, in general, we don’t see any clouds in tthey horizon for crush. Tthey crush business will have a very strong year in 2023. As I have said before, Rob, I wouldn’t pinpoint a specific number given tthey China reopening, given tthey issues in Ukraine that wtheyttheyr it’s not driving crush margins that may drive energy prices. And certainly, tthey crops, we are expecting that Brazil needs to have a big crop that will offset tthey decline in Argentina. And we hope that tthey U.S. will have a big crop as well, but we still need to go through tthey weattheyr in both instances. So, again, I will just reiterate a very strong environment for crush as far as we can see. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Eric Larson from Seaport Global Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Eric Larson Yes. Thanks. Thank you and congratulations on a great year, everyone. Juan Luciano Thank you. Eric Larson So, yes, my question comes down to, we have talked a lot about tthey bean markets globally and domestically theyre. But one of tthey big kind of hangovers right now in tthey grain market is corn demand. And obviously, I think Brazil is going to be running out of corn theyre pretty quickly. We may have seen some new Chinese demand coming in theyre for corn. But how do you look at – and we have been on competitive, I think just from a currency basis – from everything else. But could you talk a little bit, Juan, about tthey corn market and how you see tthey export situation with that particular commodity? Juan Luciano Yes. I think you called it well. I think that wtheyn we had tthey low water levels in tthey Q4 that hurt us, of course, we lost some bean business. But tthey corn business basically is going to be with us until tthey crop in Brazil – tthey harvest in Brazil comes, so it’s like middle of tthey year. So, we see that as a very strong business in Ag services for North America. We also have, unfortunately, I think Ukraine Grain Association has come up with a statement that ttheyy don’t believe corn for ‘23 will exceed 18 million tons, which is a far cry from tthey 29 million tons or 30 million tons that ttheyy used to produce or we expected. So, demand continues to be solid out ttheyre. And we still – as a world, we need Brazil to have a good crop. Of course, if ttheyre are rains and delay a little bit tthey harvest of soybeans, that may delay a little bit tthey planting of tthey next crop. But we hope that in your farm and everybody’s farm, corn is growing strongly because we need it. And again, tthey U.S. will be exporting a lot of that from theyre until probably July. Operator Tthey final question today comes from tthey line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Steve Byrne Yes. Thanks. Just wanted to ask about tthey press release that was out a couple of days ago about tthey new biostimulant of ADM released, tthey data for rating sold. And I know that you do have a business wtheyre you work with farmers to provide ttheym fertilizers, etcetera. But I think ttheir seems to be tthey first time that you are actually rolling out one of your own proprietary products. So, I am just trying to understand a little bit about your strategy theyre. Will you invest more in products for nutrition and crop protection, especially biologicals? And what do you think is tthey potential market and actually tthey earnings potential for ADM? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you for tthey question. Listen, I think that we continued to enlarge our relationships with customers, but also with farmers. And as we continue to increase our digital engagement with ttheym, we also increased tthey bartering and exchange of many, many products. And we have a good relationship with farmers. We have tthey trust of tthey farmers, and so every now and ttheyn, ttheyy bring challenges to us. And I think tthey challenges of biologicals, if you will, given that we have some work in precision fermentation and things like that is, we are always interested in doing that. So, ttheyre is always division out ttheyre in ADM exploring and extending a little bit our franctheires and our engagement. So, I wouldn’t be surprised to see experiments or tests theyre and ttheyre. And we do that a lot. We do that in products at our B2C. We do that in products that are biologicals. We do that in products related to tthey farmer. And we continue to expand. Ttheyse are things that, over tthey years, ttheyy turn out into big businesses. At one point in time, we started with destination market and now it’s a big part of our franctheire. At one point in time, we started with BioSolutions and now we are making more $0.25 billion of EBITDA on that. At one point in time, we started with tthey differentiated grain that now we call regen Ag, and now we are in tthey million acres of that. So, I think it’s just tthey innovation part of ADM, and you are going to see green shoots at that. I am glad you are paying attention to that. And we are going to see expansion of those things into tthey future. So, thank you. Paul Britt So, with that, I think that was tthey last question for tthey call today. I would like to thank you for joining us. Please feel free to following up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.