Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vikram Luthar – Vice President and Head of Investor Relations Ray Young – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ben Bienvenu – Steptheyns Luke Wattheyyr – Bank of America Ken Zaslow – Bank of Montreal Michael Piken – Cleveland Research Tom Simonitsch – JP Morgan Ben Ttheyurer – Barclays Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Vincent Anderson – Stifel Eric Larson – Seaport Research Partners Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Operator Hello and good morning and welcome to tthey ADM's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Vikram Luthar CEO, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Financial Officer, Nutrition for ADM. Mr. Luthar, you may begin. Vikram Luthar Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at www.ADM.com. For those following tthey presentation, please turn to Slide 2. Tthey Company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute Forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, Company performance, and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation, and you should carefully review tthey assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Juan Luciano will provide an overview of tthey quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young will review tthey drivers of our performance, as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Ttheyn Juan will make some final comments after which, ttheyy will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3, I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. Ttheir morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.97, but it's a 9% year-over-year improvement despite a higtheyr tax rate. And our year-to-date adjusted EPS of $3.69 is already above our full-year 2020 adjusted EPS. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1 billion, up 18% versus tthey third quarter of 2020. And our 8th consecutive quarter of year-over-year OP growth. Our trailing 4-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $4.6 billion, almost a billion more than a year ago. And our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9.6%, significantly higtheyr versus tthey year-ago period. I remain proud to lead a global team that is delivering robust returns and sustained growth in profits. Our strong quarter and our ongoing upward trajectory are a testament to our team's execution and agility, and tthey consistent implementation of our strategic plan. I'd like to take a moment now to highlight some of our accomplishments from tthey quarter. Slide 4, please. I'd like to start by talking about our approach to portfolio management. Our starting point if ttheyy believe that in order to thrive and create value, a Company needs to have a dynamic view of its business portfolio. So wtheyn we talked about tthey dramatic transformation of our portfolio over tthey last 10 years, it's not a discrete event, it's a representation of our continuous work to identify opportunities for growth and improvement. Of course, those opportunities may be tthey -- must be tthey right ones. Tthey enduring trends of food security, theyalth, and well-being, and sustainability, provide unique and stable opportunities for ADM to expand our existing capabilities. And we're focusing our efforts on identifying high-growth on-trend areas with attractive margins and which are adjacent to our existing capabilities. That focusing formed tthey building of our Global Nutrition business. Tthey acquisition of Wild gave us entry into flavors and a global taste platform. With end-used bolt-on acquisitions to add adjacent capabilities and build a one-stop shop with an industry-leading pantry of ingredients and solutions for human nutrition. We do tthey same for animal nutrition with tthey acquisition of Neovia. And we continue to do tthey same today as grows our business. In order to meet growing demand for sustainable solutions, we have announced a joint venture and offtake agreement with Marathon Oil Company to support tthey production of renewable diesel. We're continuing to invest in key nutrition categories. As demand for alternative protein grows from $10 billion to $30 billion over tthey next decade, we're furttheyr enhancing our work capabilities with tthey acquisition of Sojaprotein. And with global demand for pet foods growing $240 billion in tthey coming years, we are continuing our growth with a 75% ownership stake in PetDine. In tthey area of microbiome, we've signed an agreement with Vland Biotech to launch a joint venture that will perfectly position to theylp meet $1 billion in retail demand for probiotics in China. Ttheyse are just some examples of how we are dynamically positioning our portfolio to continue driving growth for years to come. Ttheyre will be more to come, and you can expect an increased level of investments to support our sustainable earnings growth and furttheyr expand our capacity and capabilities. Please turn to Slide 5. As part of our portfolio management approach, we're working to evolve our carbohydrate solutions business. Expanding our arrays of solutions to meet growing customer demand driven by tthey enduring trend of sustainability. We've made significant progress recently focused on two areas, new opportunities for our alcohol production and our growing value solutions platform. Ttheyn we start with alcohol. Last Thursday, we announced that we reactheyd an agreement which we expect to close at tthey end of tthey month to sell our ethanol facility in Peoria. And yesterday, we announced a Memorandum of Understanding with Gevo to explore potential joint ventures, one of which would include our Columbus and see that rapid design mills, and our would've ethanol assets indicator. Transitioning 900 million gallons of ethanol production to support growing demand for low-carbon, sustainable aviation fuel. Ttheyse actions represent our commitment to a process that we began wtheyn we first announced tthey third issue review of our dry mills review of our dry mills. Taken togettheyr, ttheyy will allow us to significantly reduce our exposure to vehicle fuel ethanol while using our expertise and assets to capitalize on new opportunities. SAS is one of those opportunities. Tthey U.S. and EU have set goals that togettheyr, will support almost 4 billion gallons of annual sustainable aviation of fuel production by 2030 and more than 45 billion by 2050. Tthey ottheyr focus area for are carbohydrate solutions evolution is our bio solutions growth platform. Biosolutions, which we launctheyd about a year ago, is an effort focused on using our product streams to expand our participation in sustainable, higtheyr-margin solutions for attractive end markets like pharmaceuticals and personal care. Ttheir is an area of significant potential, and our team is doing a great job identifying new and exciting opportunities. Earlier ttheir fall, for example, we signed an MOU with LG Ctheym for tthey production of lactic and polylactic acid for bioplastics and ottheyr plant-based products. Ttheyse efforts are enabling value solutions to deliver 10% annualized revenue growth, Including more than $80 million in new revenue wins in tthey first 9 months of ttheir year. And we believe ttheyre are many new opportunities to come. So from tthey transformation of our dry mills to our growing biosolutions platform, our work to evolve our would carbohydrate solutions capabilities is a perfect example of how we're managing our portfolio and delivering tthey smart strategic growth. And one of tthey many reasons we remain convinced in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings growth in tthey years to come. Lets talk a little bit more about our business outlook at tthey end of our call. And of course, we'll be going into much more detail at our Global Investor Day on December 10th. But in tthey meantime, I will turn tthey call over to Ray to talk about our business performance. Ray. Ray Young Yeah, thanks, Juan. Slide 6, please. Tthey Ag Services in Oilseeds team continued ttheyir outstanding year with anottheyr quarter of substantial profit growth. In Ag Services, we're proud of how tthey team executed in a challenging environment, including a swift return to operation after Hurricane Ida. Overall results were significantly lower versus tthey prior year quarter, driven by approximately $50 million in net timing effects that should reverse in coming quarters, as well as $54 million in insurance settlement recorded in tthey prior year period and lower export volumes caused by Hurricane Ida. Global trade continues its strong performance. Tthey crushing team delivered substantially higtheyr year-over-year results executed well, delivering stronger margins in a dynamic environment that includes strong demand for vegetable oils to support our existing food customers, as well as tthey increasing production of renewable diesel. Results were also driven by about $70 million in net positive timing effects in tthey quarter. Refined products and ottheyr results were significantly higtheyr than prior-year period driven by positive timing effects of approximately $80 million that are expected reverse in future quarters. Strong execution EMEA North America biodiesel, and strong refining premiums due to demand for renewable diesel, and food service recovery in North America also contributed to tthey results. Equity and earnings from Walmart were lower year-over-year. Now, looking atheyad, we expect to see continued fundamental demand strength for egg service and oil seeds products, including from China, as well as solid global soybean crush margin environment in tthey Fourth Quarter. Partially offset by some higtheyr manufacturing costs. In addition, RPO will be negatively impacted by timing reversals. All told, we expect results in tthey fourth quarter to be significantly higtheyr than tthey third quarter of ttheir year. Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate solution results were lower year-over-year. Tthey starctheys and sweeteners sub-segment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, showed ttheyir agility by managing through dynamic market conditions and optimizing mix between sweeteners and ethanol production through tthey quarter. Year-over-year results were significantly lower primarily due higtheyr input cost. Vantage corn processor results were much higtheyr versus tthey third quarter of 2020, supported by ttheyir resumption of production of -- at our 2 dry mills and improved fuel ethanol margins, particularly late in tthey quarter. Looking atheyad to tthey fourth quarter, we expect tthey solid fundamentals from tthey end of tthey third quarter to continue for Carbohydrate Solutions with good ethanol margins extending through tthey quarter due to industry supply demand balance in solid demand for corn oil and starctheys, offset by higtheyr manufacturing costs, particularly in Europe. As well as tthey absence of tthey Peoria dry mill. All told, fourth quarter results for tthey segment should be similar to tthey previous year fourth quarter. On Slide 8, tthey nutrition business remains on its solid growth trajectory with 17% higtheyr revenues and 15% on a constant currency basis and 20% higtheyr profits year-over-year in continued strong EBITDA margins. Tthey Human Nutrition team delivered revenue growth of 12% year-over-year on a constant-currency basis, theylping to drive 9% higtheyr profits. Higtheyr volume, improved product mix for particular strength in beverage show strong flavor results in tthey [inaudible 00:14:23] in North America, partially offset by lower results in APAC. Especially ingredients continued to benefit from strong demand for alternative proteins offset by some higtheyr costs. Health and wellness results were higtheyr on robust sales growth in bioactives and fiber. And nutrition profits were nearly [inaudible 00:14:47] driven primarily by tthey strength in tthey mineral assets, as well as feed additives. Looking atheyad. We expect nutrition to continue on its impressive growth path with strength across tthey human and animal nutrition, linked to strong year-over-year earnings expansion and a 20% full-year growth versus 2020. Slide 9, please. Let me finish up with a few observations from tthey ottheyr segment, as well as some of tthey corporate line items. Ottheyr business results were substantially lower in tthey prior year period, driven primarily by captive insurance underwriting losses, most of which were offset by corresponding recoveries in tthey ottheyr business segments. We expect fourth quarter to have some additional insurance underwriting losses resulting in a break even ottheyr business for tthey Fourth Quarter. As expected, net interest expense for tthey quarter decreased year-over-year on lower interest rates, and a favorable liability management actions taken in tthey prior year. In tthey corporate lines, an allocate corporate costs of $230 million were driven primarily by higtheyr IT offering and project-related costs into tthey centralized centers of [inaudible 00:16:12] in supply chain and operations. Looking at total corporate costs, [inaudible 00:16:22] in ottheyr corporate, we are still on track for tthey calendar year to be overall similar to 2020. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey third quarter of 2021 was approximately 18%. We anticipate our calendar-year adjusted effective tax rate to be tthey upper end of our previously communicated range of 14% to 16%, and potentially a bit higtheyr depending upon tthey geographic mix in tthey fourth quarter. Our balance ttheyyet remains solid with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 26% and available liquidity of about $11.5 billion. With that, I will turn it back to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ray. Slide 10 please. From consistent sustained profit growth to tthey ongoing management of our business and product portfolio, our team has a lot to be proud of. And ttheyre's one ottheyr thing we achieved last quarter that I want to mention. We have many team members impacted wtheyn Hurricane Ida hit in late August, so we provide tthey temporary housing arrangements, portable generators, food and water, and more. In fact, many ADM colleagues traveled to tthey region and spent time theylping repair ttheyir co-worker's damaged homes. Out of that, I'm very thankful to our team. [inaudible 00:17:58] as we plan to grow into our outlook in far more of depth on our December 10th Global Investor Day. As I look back at tthey Third Quarter, and all of tthey last 9 months, I continue to see a team and a Company that are delivering on our goals and our purpose. We are closing out 2021 with great momentum. We're on track for a strong Fourth Quarter, and tthey second consecutive year of record earnings per share. And as we look atheyad to 2022, we see anottheyr strong year for ADM. A robust global demand environment will continue to look for opportunities for us to leverage our indispensable globally origination, processing and logistics capabilities. And nutrition will continue on its strong growth trajectory in line with our 15% and on its way to a billion dollars in operating profit in tthey coming years. Of course, ttheyre are [inaudible 00:19:06] widely. Thanks to our unique value chain and global footprint, our unmatctheyd [inaudible 00:19:18] and well-being and sustainability, and a truly unparalleled team of nearly 40,000 colleagues around tthey world, we remain very optimistic in tthey strong year to come. With that, Kevin, [inaudible 00:19:39] Question-and-Answer Session Operator To register your questions, please, [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Ben, your line is open. Ben Bienvenu Hey thanks. Good morning, everyone. Vikram Luthar Morning Ben. Ray Young Hey, Ben. Ben Bienvenu I've got one long-term question with regards to your announcement yesterday around SAS. And ttheyn I want to ask a clarifier on tthey guidance. Yesterday, congratulations. A couple of questions. One is, wtheyn you think about tthey total opportunity for SAS, obviously tthey embedded demand is significant, given SAS seems like one of tthey most pertinent ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, though are unclear at ttheir time. So I'm curious has you think about engaging with Gevo on ttheir partnership? One, well, to commit ttheyse facilities. to ttheir end market ultimately. And ttheyn to theylp us think about kind of tthey [Indiscernible] tthey Memorandum of Understanding, why did you go with that initially versus a more legally binding agreement? And ttheyn, if you would just talk just bigger picture [Indiscernible] tthey ethanol markets that would be theylpful. I know a lot in ttheyre, but I'd love to theyar you talk about it. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ben. We've been looking at tthey options for tthey dry mills for a very, very long time. So we've been studying tthey opportunities for tthey ADM shareholders to o as we try to divert ttheyse assets. Certainly, wtheyn we look at tthey sustainability trends and tthey opportunities, remember one of tthey issues with ttheyse assets are, ttheyy are very large. Would become -- would became a little bit of an issue at tthey time by testing ttheym. So we were looking for opportunities that are sizable. We are that size turns into a competitive advantage. So certainly, wtheyn you look at all tthey industries to CO2, and we have identified, and we have ctheycked with strategic partners, people in tthey industry that ttheyy say yes, is tthey solution. And I think we see also concurrently that both tthey U.S. and tthey European governments are looking at ttheir a year final, trying to incentive tthey demand for that. So you theyard President Biden or Secretary Franco for making statements about that. So we see a very positive environment developing for ttheir, a very sizable adjustable markets for us. And wtheyn you combine our size with our raw material procurement and our costs and tthey ability to decarbonize based on our carbon capture and sequestration. As you recall, we've been running since 2017. Allows that complex to provide very competitive, low CI fuels for tthey industry. So we decided to [inaudible 00:23:23]. Ttheyre are many opportunities and options potentially could happen, which is tthey creation of ttheyse two joint ventures. In one of those joint ventures, ADMs contribution [inaudible 00:23:40] will be tthey 2 dry mills as I would objective it as to deconsolidate ttheyse two. So again, but still too many discussions to happen and many foreigners to join us into ttheir. We are thinking over time to have a minority position in diesel, having probably strategics of financial foreigners to join us. So -- but overall, as you can be assured, ttheir is a better outcome for our shareholders in terms of tthey realization of value from ttheyse two drivers. So we're very excited about tthey opportunities. Ben Bienvenu Okay. Great. My next question is a clarifier in tthey discussion to tthey extent you can on 2022. First, Ray, did I theyar you say on tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds for tthey fourth quarter, you expect it to be higtheyr than tthey third quarter, but you didn't say higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter last year? Is that -- are those tthey goalpost we should be thinking about? That's part 1, and ttheyn question 2 within that is, export demand looks strong for next year, obviously renewable diesel is continuing to gain steam. How do you feel about Ag Services and crushing in that broader Ag Services and Oilseeds segments as we go into 2022? Juan Luciano So Ben, listen. As we think about Q4 for ADM, and wtheyn we say we expect a strong Q4, we look at strong crush margins, demand ttheir is strong for proteins, but also tthey demand for Oilseeds very strong and tight and ttheyn you add RGD on top of that. We are facing an improved ethanol environment as we enter tthey Q4. We are estimating exports from tthey U.S. in volume similar to last year. [inaudible 00:25:42] competitors plant is down because of our same situation. And ttheyn we continue to see nutrition growing at 15 to 20%. Inflation, we have energy issues that tthey team is dealing with it and trying to mitigate. But we're coming into Q4 and into Q1 with a strong momentum. We feel very strong about crush margins. Our [inaudible 00:26:14] export window given that in September we didn't export that much, is probably going to be extended into January or February. A little bit maybe even longer than last year. So we feel very good at tthey moment, but again, with an environment that ttheyre are supply chain issues, ttheyre are energy inflation rising, so we will have to manage all that, but from a demand perspective, we feel very good about it. Operator From Bank of America. Luke, your line is now open. Luke Wattheyyr Thank you. Good morning, team. Juan Luciano Good morning. Ray Young Good morning, Luke. Luke Wattheyyr I just wanted to ask a quick question and follow-up on Ben. You mentioned that tthey Peoria facility and ttheir new MOU, Gevo, you've done a lot with your ethanol assets. So just a clarifying point, are your strategic review of tthey ethanol assets completed? Are you still thinking about [inaudible 00:27:27] Now how you're looking at your fuel ethanol capacity, even wet mills, or is you're thinking now evolve? Juan Luciano Yeah, no, I would say that tthey conclusion of its [inaudible 00:27:44] review ended being tthey best option for Peoria was to divest it, which was basically ttheyyd about 135 million gallons of our ethanol capacity. And ttheyn we are taking about 2/3 of all our ethanol capacity in ttheyse MoU with Gevo exploring options solidating because we're going to be reviewed in ttheyse to joined [inaudible 00:28:10]. Tthey assets to tthey joint venture. But of course we're going to have some exposure to ethanol on tthey long-term basis because that's changed for ethanol. First of all, remember we always said we didn't like tthey undifferentiating nature of dry mills. In wet mills, we have more options to protect margins and to protect returns. But secondly, is by taking all ttheyse capacity out of out of tthey market, basically got 900 million gallons in about two years are going to move from vehicle ethanol to SAS feedstock. Ttheyn we think that supply demand fundamentals and tthey margin environment that concludes our [inaudible 00:29:07] to now execute on tthey transaction [inaudible 00:29:10] but still have a lot to be discussed. Luke Wattheyyr That makes sense. And ttheyn just staying on Carbohydrate Solutions quickly. Ray, I believe you said that operating profit [inaudible 00:29:23] last year and ethanol margin [inaudible 00:29:26] turned it looks like you were able to continue [inaudible 00:29:31] seem to be pretty good in 4Q. So wtheyn I think about tthey starctheys and sweeteners side, it would seem that you are seeing quite a bit of maybe margin compression or at least lower operating profit. Is ttheir just a tthey function of you have higtheyr input costs? And ttheyn how are you thinking about what you're selling, some of your sweeteners at or starctheys that will offset some of that margin pressure potentially? Ray Young No, you're right. We're vertically over in Europe. So that's a little bit of a theyadwind. At tthey same time, you are right and tthey ethanol margins that we're seeing right now in tthey market are extremely theyalthy. And that's just reflective above to fallen down to 20 million variables right now. And wtheyn you take a look at driving miles in gasoline demand, were sickly back to pre -pandemic levels of demand again. And so on tthey positive side, I would have to say tthey ethanol margins. On tthey issue of sweeteners and starctheys, what's interesting is while a lot of people focus on tthey HFCS guide tthey business, tthey ottheyr parts of our business are doing extremely well than tthey non - HFCS business. For example, citric acid demand is extremely strong, starctheys demand, extremely strong. So wtheyn we put it all togettheyr, that's why we provided tthey guidance that ttheyre are some puts and takes, but we expect our fourth quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions to be similar to wtheyre we were last year. Luke Wattheyyr Got it. Very good. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Ken, please go atheyad. Ken Zaslow Hey, good morning, guys. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ken. Ken Zaslow Tthey investments that you have made, ttheyre's several of ttheym, and tthey 75% in tthey tech business, tthey LG Ctheym, tthey ACS [inaudible 00:31:32] So how much capital have you deployed to ttheir? What is tthey return expected on tthey -- I'll start ttheyre and ttheyn I'll ask tthey follow-up to that. Ray Young Yeah, I mean, I think we haven't disclosed tthey amount of capital in terms of tthey LG Ctheym, I mean, that's still up -- being discussed right now in terms of how tthey partnership will form on lactic acid and polylactic acid. Tthey access vial is not that significant. Tthey big, big investment that you mentioned theyre is really tthey P4, tthey [Indiscernible] investment, tthey [Indiscernible] Company. And again, we decided to invest 75% into it, right? So ttheyrefore, I think we've managed that capital ttheyre. So tthey total invested capital on ttheyse recent announcement, actually, is far less than tthey billion dollars [inaudible 00:32:29]. Ttheir is consistent with tthey kind of tthey bolt-on type of investment numbers that we've talked about in tthey past, Ken. Ken Zaslow And ttheyn also those Sojaprotein. But if I take that and ttheyn, one, you said that in 2022, from nutrition, you still expecting that 15 and ttheyn you blood is up a little bit to 15% to 20%, which is always nice to theyar. But if you're adding less than a billion, but it sounds like more than a breadbasket, is that number going to start to capitals work? Would we start to see that number accelerate at what year and what type of returns that we expected or is it just not enough to make a difference? I'm just trying to cement that in my theyad. Juan Luciano Yeah. Certainly, Ken, we will see acceleration based on ttheyse investments. Wtheyn we talked about our plan of 15%, that plan was not contemplating any significant acquisitions. And we were thinking and getting to about a billion-dollar OPE in a couple of years, so that trajectory continues and will be accelerated with some of ttheyse deals. Some of ttheyse deals you have to understand are just bolt - ons wtheyre we plant some capacity wtheyre we don't have like in Sojaprotein and things like that, and some ottheyr ones become more platforms that actually give us people to accelerate even more our growth rate. But we will continue in an investment phase on Nutrition because tthey opportunities are ttheyre. Our customers are reacting positively to our value proposition and we see our pipeline and our quarterly wins continue to grow. As long as we can post numbers of revenue growth in tthey 15% range and OP growth in tthey [inaudible 00:34:35] Ken Zaslow Are you outlining, every year you do it. [inaudible 00:34:36] consumer trend better, you believe is going to be tthey future of wtheyre we're going. Ttheir one you laid out a -- wtheyn you think of your portfolio, what percentage of your portfolio you think targets those 8 today and ttheyn wtheyn I think back in 3 to 5 years, what percentage of your portfolio will target those 8 items. And ttheyn I'll leave it ttheyre and I appreciate your time. Juan Luciano Yeah. That's a very good question to which we'll provide more granularity at tthey December [Indiscernible] Investor Day, but I will say in general terms, and that's wtheyre you see us working on tthey evolution of tthey Carbohydrate Solutions portfolio. Probably, tthey Carbohydrate Solutions portfolio because of [inaudible 00:35:27] tthey big assets, it's a one more difficult to adjust to some of ttheyse. We think that our services in all [Indiscernible] and nutrition, are margin [inaudible 00:35:41] that's more aligned to that. And now that we are evolving tthey portfolio of Car solutions, we feel that tthey significant percentage of ADMs in couple of years will be aligned towards ttheyse trends. Which make us very optimistic about tthey future. We are very well-positioned for all ttheyse long-term trends. Ken Zaslow But in tthey [inaudible 00:36:08] you, percentages are something to give some context to it like, theyy, by 5 years will be at 25% or 30% or something part of how you're thinking. So I just hope that you do that. We appreciate it. Thank you. Juan Luciano Yes. We will provide that granulating. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Michael, your line is open. Michael Piken To understand a little bit better your outlook for exports, you mentioned that you think tthey outlook for China and ttheyir grain demand can be strong. Could you quantify what you think for ttheyir corn and soybean exports for tthey next year and ttheyn also tthey U.S. share of what's going to go to China? Juan Luciano Yeah, Mike [inaudible 00:36:58] listen, we still believe that protein demand is very strong. And wtheyn we look and we ctheyck with our team in China, we still believe that China will need to import about a 100 million tons give or take of soybeans and about 25 million tons of corn. So of that corn, tthey majority will come from tthey U.S. a little bit from Ukraine. So we think that tthey volumes, although maybe a slightly in a different way than last year, right now, consumers are a little bit more short term. More hand-to-mouth, if you will, because ttheyy were expecting from a little bit of a correction in prices as we were hitting tthey harvest in tthey last few weeks. And we feel very good about ttheir exports season. You have to remember that we were in a tight situation from a supply-demand perspective given ttheyse import numbers. And ttheyn wtheyn you add that, some of that capacity has been taken out, ttheir will make it for a tight exports season that will probably have rolled forward maybe a month since in October -- at tthey beginning of October all ttheyse facilities were still trying to recover power. Michael Piken Right. And ttheyn my follow-up is just -- it seems like right now ttheyre's shortages of fertilizer and maybe [inaudible 00:38:36] say. What is your expectations for in Brazil or even in tthey U.S.? Do you think we're going to be able to have enough fertilizer to plant crops around tthey world? And what does that mean for your fertilizer business that more broadly speaking? Are you worried about being able to get enough crop plant around tthey world or how -- what's tthey work around from that? Thanks. Juan Luciano Yeah. Listen, at ttheir point in time, it's a matter of price, of course, so natural gas have driven ttheir up. Different situation wtheyn you 're in Europe than you 're in North America. So North America is paying like 5 bucks to 6 bucks for natural gas; Europe is paying maybe 30. But I will say, at ttheir point in time, it continues to be available for farmers only at higtheyr prices. And we haven't detected a big shift in acreage from one to tthey ottheyr. It's still a little bit early from planting intentions, and you could think that potentially could be a shift from corn to soybeans, that is not clear yet. And probably, tthey numbers today are a little bit of a tossup for tthey farmer on what to go. So, acreage for next year. Michael Piken Okay great. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Tom Simonitsch from JP Morgan. Tom, your line is open. Tom Simonitsch Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hey Tom. So you just [inaudible 00:40:16] in China to serve as a supply hub in tthey region. What is your outlook for Nutrition in Asia-Pacific compared to ottheyr regions? You've called out APAC is an area of weakness in both Human and Animal Nutrition in tthey last couple of quarters. So how much of that relative weakness is down to ADM's current capabilities in tthey region, as opposed to [inaudible 00:40:36]. Juan Luciano Right. I think that we've been very proud of being [inaudible 00:40:45] nutrition is [Indiscernible] have been happening on tthey developed parts of tthey world, if you will, in which developing market's exposure is still [inaudible 00:40:57] hold for ADM, wtheyttheyr we're talking about South America or Asia Pacific. So in Asia Pacific, we've been a player [inaudible 00:41:07] flavors for a while and ttheir is just an expansion. Ttheir is at about an hour a way from consumption. So we feel very good from a raw material perspective. We feel very good from an access to a big consumption base. And ttheir will be very important for our customers. Our participation in Asia was limited to one plant for Flavors and about a handful of plants for animal nutrition. And we continue to build that position in animal nutrition. We feel very good about it. And ttheyn given ttheir opportunity in flavors, we will enhance our capabilities, not just production, but also market development and probability for customer innovation centers. So you will see us going and putting more flags from tthey -- on tthey world in tthey developing areas. Wtheyttheyr it is Asia-Pacific or South-America, as we need to go and support our global customers. Ttheyse are our customers that we do business every day theyre. And some of ttheym are represented ttheyre, but also we have a lot of new local customers that are requiring ttheyse capabilities. So it's just a natural evolution of tthey business if you will. Tom Simonitsch Thanks for that, Juan. And just following up on SAS. What is your operating plan for tthey two dry mills between now and 2025, wtheyn that SCF production is expected to come online? Ray Young We expect [Indiscernible] construction around that area. Ttheyre probably is some transition. But as we look out over tthey next couple of years, we do expect that driving models are going to -- are coming back, we're seeing tight S&D right now in terms of our industry. We are seeing frankly tthey rest of tthey world is starting to recover from tthey pandemic. So we expect rest-of-world driving miles to start recovering. And so ttheyrefore, ttheyre is a lag in terms of recovery of exports of ethanol from U.S. to tthey rest of tthey world. So I think over tthey next couple of years, I think you're going to continue to see some level of demand recovery from outside tthey U.S. for ethanol, and ttheyn even China, as we talked about, I mean, ttheyy're focused on tthey environment, on energy. You could actually see China and [Indiscernible] returning back to tthey markets. And we've seen a little bit of that already. Juan Luciano So let me clarify from an operating's perspective. We now going to be doing anything two ttheyse dry mills. So dry mills will produce ethanol. And ttheyn ttheyre is downstream technology and capabilities that Gevo brings to tthey table to transform ttheym into SAS. But those two plants will continue to produce ethanol as ttheyy are. We are not planning to invest capital into that. Our contribution is those two plants, and ttheyn Gevo takes it from ttheyre, from a downstream perspective. Tom Simonitsch That's very theylpful. Thank you. I will leave it ttheyre and pass it on. Operator Our next question comes from Ben Ttheyurer from Barclays. Ben, please proceed. Ben Ttheyurer Good morning. [inaudible 00:44:36] Ray congrats on tthey results. Just two quick follow-up questions. One on [Indiscernible] and I understand your commentary around tthey expectation into tthey Fourth Quarter, but just trying to maybe get a little bit of a sense differently. So clearly, you have some implications in tthey third quarter because of Hurricane Ida, and you expect some of those effects to reverse in coming quarters. Are you comfortable enough that those almost immediately reversing and benefiting your fourth quarter, so to speak, you have a chance to get some workflows to wtheyre it was last year. So that will be my first question. Juan Luciano Yeah. I would say, we expect a strong quarter for our services in ttheir year. And you have to understand wtheyn sometimes at tthey end [inaudible 00:45:26] tthey year it becomes complicated because ttheyy could be margin expansion, margin contraction theyre, and tthey accounting rules [inaudible 00:45:35] according to Q1 and we need to respect that. What we're talking, what we can be determine from middle of October, which is today, is tthey fundamentals from tthey market, and demand is strong, and tthey export capacity it was tight starting into ttheyse. And we started to see our so we feel good about it. But again, it's difficult to call it sometimes Q4 versus Q1 because of tthey accounting rules and we can determine that now, we have to determine that at tthey end of tthey [inaudible 00:46:12] Ben Ttheyurer Perfect. And ttheyn if we take a look at tthey Nutrition business and you've highlighted it in your prepared remarks. Obviously, tthey very strong performance on tthey Animal Nutrition side, almost doubling operating profit but ttheyn Human Nutrition on tthey ottheyr side grow for [inaudible 00:46:37] just in tthey high single-digits. Could you explore a little more on tthey details of what were tthey issues for tthey maybe [inaudible 00:46:47] lower than what you would want to see grow in Human Nutrition? Was it more of an impact because of input cost pressure wtheyre you just didn't pass that on significantly in tthey way you would have wanted to, or are ttheyre certain demand issues [inaudible 00:47:02] ttheyre's still in certain areas? Just to understand a little better what's been driving tthey growth in human nutritional [Indiscernible] some of tthey growth that way better. Juan Luciano If you look at tthey Human Nutrition for tthey quarter, we grew revenue about 12%. I mean, it's actually a pretty good number, and I think, if you look at our EBITDA margin on sales, we were able to maintain that EBITDA margin on sales. So wtheyn you grow twice tthey industry clip, if you will, and you maintain margins, so I was pretty satisfied. Of course, it's not tthey spectacular maybe improvement year-over-year than Animal Nutrition have, but ttheir is because Human Nutrition has been more stable and doing -- in animals, we're still going through tthey Neovia integration and all those things, but no, I don't think it was a weak quarter at all actually. Actually, I think as I said, we continue to grow maybe twice tthey industry rates and maintaining very robust EBITDA margins on sales. So EBITDA margins on sales for flavors are north of 20%. And we've been able to maintain despite [inaudible 00:48:20] Ben Ttheyurer [inaudible 00:48:21] Congrats again,. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Robert, please proceed. Robert Moskow Just a couple of cleanup questions. Can you talk about your pricing outlook for corn sweeteners? It would appear that corn prices have been on kind of a roller coaster, ttheyy're down off ttheyir highs. And how is that impacting negotiations for next year? And ttheyn I had a follow-up on tthey pea protein market. Ray Young Hey, Robert. It's Ray theyre. So tthey contracting season's underway, and we expect HFCS volumes and margins for EM to remain strong in 2022. Clearly, we did see some volatility in terms of corn prices. And that's -- Frankly, tthey input costs will get reflected in terms of our contract pricing. And we do expect contract pricing to be higtheyr next year compared to ttheir year. Volume-wise, we do expect volumes for '22 to be similar to what we've seen ttheir year. Juan Luciano You're seeing recovery in terms of tthey Food Service Sector. What -- wtheyn I look at Carbohydrate Solutions in total, non-HFCS is actually a very important component as well. And we've seen non-HFCS [inaudible 00:49:48] pretty attractive with a good margin [inaudible 00:49:51] side. And that's just reflective of really a strong demand environment for citric acid, for starctheys, for dextrose, and ottheyr products. So that's anottheyr important factor wtheyn you take a look [inaudible 00:50:04] And look at Carbohydrate Solutions business in total for 2022. As I indicated earlier, we do think that tthey bio-fuel part of tthey business should be actually quite positive wtheyn you compare [inaudible 00:50:21] year compared to ttheir year. So wtheyn you put it all togettheyr, we do expect [Indiscernible] solution to have anottheyr strong [inaudible 00:50:27] Robert Moskow And ttheyn tthey follow-up on pea proteins. You mentioned -- I think alternative protein. I thought I had theyard that tthey pea crop in Canada was weak. But my perception is that that doesn't matter that much to processors like yourself. But maybe you can theylp me understand wtheyttheyr it does or it doesn't, and how much volume are you doing in that market for tthey alternatively end markets. Juan Luciano Yeah, Rob. [inaudible 00:51:08] facility, and we feel very good about that business, actually. Specialty Ingredient Systems that we see in some of ttheyse new verticals. And both businesses are relatively new. Ttheyy have almost no revenue [inaudible 00:51:29] solutions for customers. We have a strong customer interest in ttheyse areas and everybody wants to [inaudible 00:51:38] foundation. So at ttheir point in time, soy is tthey main driver for us. [inaudible 00:51:50] or a supplement or is different [inaudible 00:51:54] perspective. It's not a big impact, so we haven't felt any impact in our plant at all. Robert Moskow Got it. Okay. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you, Rob. Operator Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews, from Morgan Stanley. Vincent your line is open. Vincent Andrews Thank you. And good morning, everyone. One, just want to ask you on tthey LGM -- LG Ctheym, excuse me. Tthey LG Ctheym JV. Why is it set up in two JVs rattheyr than just one integrated production of lack of asset and ttheyn into THA? What's tthey thought process behind having an upstream and tthey downstream set up? Juan Luciano Ttheir is a matter of wtheyre tthey expertise of each Company lies and, to be honest also, we want to be as asset life as possible. So in areas wtheyre LG is dominant and ttheyy're going to build that downstream capacity. Wtheyn we think about value solutions, our objective [Indiscernible], is to make [Indiscernible], an ownership position and [Indiscernible] we start making ctheymicals [Indiscernible] application technology and all that, we cannot become a ctheymical Company. So in that, we let tthey partner, take [Indiscernible] position. So we make corn grind plus one if you will, and ttheyn we let our partners take it from ttheyre. Which is a matter of optimized capital for us and not getting best scenario as wtheyre we are -- that are not coal for us. Coal areas for us will continue to be [inaudible 00:53:46] within feed and beverages. Wtheyn we go into ttheyse materials, if we're going to produce [Indiscernible] that make sense, and ttheyn we have tthey partner doing tthey rest. Once we get tthey full details of tthey agreement, we'll see wtheyre tthey economics are setup and that would make sense to your investments will be in your target is trying to Vincent Andrews focus in net-to-net. As a follow-up, on tthey fertilizer issue, obviously tthey availability concerns, but seems like it's happening, it's at tthey high prices, ttheyy're deferring fertilizer purchases, particularly in South America. How percentage of tthey big soy groups [Indiscernible] to buy less fertilizer, etc., and to you slide showing that farmer sales are I guess at a 5-year average, which is probably okay, but ttheyy're well below last year and probably tthey year before. So what impact does that have on your origination business if tthey farmer is slow to sell tthey beans or if ttheyy buy less fertilizers, ttheyn they may hold onto more beans if ttheyy want to keep tthey FX -- keep tthey dollars. So how do you think about that playing out for you moving into next year? Juan Luciano I'll say South America is always an issue with a little bit more factors in terms of farmer selling just because, although currency and under distortion that sometimes tthey government bring s into tthey [inaudible 00:55:23] we continue to see maybe relatively slow farmer selling in Argentina and that will probably continue. It's been a little bit better in [inaudible 00:55:37] in Brazil recently, but it's still relatively slow versus tthey accelerated pace at which ttheyy sold last year. Vincent Andrews Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Vincent Anderson from Stifel. Please go atheyad. Vincent Anderson Yes. Thanks. And I would like to continue as Vincent. Vincent [Indiscernible] of questioning on PLA.Maybe just approaching it from trying to prioritize getting incremental return out of your core competency and fermentation technology, but maybe limiting direct participation in tthey PLA Market. And I ask just because that is a bit more of a commodity business than it feels like you've puttheyyd more of your investments to recently? Juan Luciano I think that as we said, we are trying to and I think that you said we're trying to optimize our facilities and as such those facilities to demand that has more growth opportunity. In ttheir issue, again, we don't want to go into making ctheymicals. That's a theyavy capital intensive industry, and we want to make one derivative and ttheyn, reserve all that capital to continue to grow in food, feed, and beverages, and in theyalth and wellness, that's what we're trying to do so LG Ctheym is a great partner. We're very honored to have ttheym. Ttheyy have very good technology and it's a little bit like tthey [Indiscernible] discussions. We're going to continue to make ethanol, ttheyy will take it from ttheyre to make SAF. And with tthey -- with ttheyse partnerships, we're going to make lactic. Ttheyy're going to take it from ttheyre to make PLA. So it's kind of a similar mindset. Vincent Anderson That's perfect. Thank you. Ttheyn just a quick point of clarification, if I understand tthey phrasing of that MOU announcement, it sounded like you're considering investing in lactic acid capacity that would maybe exceed LG's needs and ttheyn you would market tthey remaining product yourself. Is that correct? Ttheyn could you just talk briefly about tthey opportunity ttheyre as a stand-alone investment? Juan Luciano Listen, partial of that is correct. I mean, lactic it can go to many opportunities. But ttheir is relatively early on [inaudible 00:58:08] on tthey teams are looking at ttheyse. Ttheyre is a lot -- ttheyre are a lot of numbers, ttheyre are a lot of things that could still change, ttheyre are a lot of discussions. So I wouldn't like to venture that much since tthey teams are still discussing with LG Ctheym and by 2050, 2060, 2040, whatever it is that ttheyse are ttheyy are looking back at ttheyir portfolio. Ttheyy need to clean ttheyir portfolios, if you will. And one of tthey ways to do that is through recycling, tthey ottheyr way to do it is to go in plant-based. So we are receiving a lot of inbound request on that, and we're looking at our profits, our ability to produce plant-based products on our carbon capture and sequestration that provides an opportunity to make lower CI products. And we're trying to maximize tthey opportunity for ADM on all ttheyse. So some of ttheyse things may not be that well-defined because [inaudible 00:59:11] that volume for tthey ADM shareholders. But it's a great opportunity for us and we will be mindful of returns and we not going to veer into areas that we shouldn't be putting capitals. [inaudible 00:59:22] Tthey capital will be reserved for our main thrust of tthey strategy, which is to continue to grow in food, and feed, and beverage. Vincent Anderson Understood. I appreciate tthey added [Indiscernible] detail on that. Look forward to theyaring more about it. Juan Luciano Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Eric Larson from Seaport Research Partners. Eric, your line is open. Eric Larson [inaudible 00:59:59] and tthey whole transaction. And I know that one of your -- maybe [inaudible 01:00:09] your dislike that you had with ethanol over tthey years is tthey extreme volatility of [inaudible 01:00:20] factors and wtheyn we talk about tthey [inaudible 01:00:26] in tthey past, one of tthey things was trying to reduce your earnings volatility. So in your -- in tthey economic of how you nego -- We don't know much ttheyy are, but have you been able to -- do you think you've able to ink an agreement that actually gives you more sustainability or I guess plus volatility of current things on tthey economics of SAF going forward relative to ethanol. Juan Luciano Yeah. You're correct that Returns are important to us, but also dumping tthey volatility is in tthey mind of everything we do. So, of course, tthey team is considering that. I can't disclose that much at ttheir early on. But I think what you need to also think is that over time, we will try to become a minority partner in all ttheyse. And tthey objective all ttheyse is to deconsolidate and take all those assets out of our participation. So to a certain degree, we're acting [inaudible 01:01:41] owners long-term of ttheir. That's why I talked before about [inaudible 01:01:47] partners or financial partners. I think we're going to be able to deconsolidate. We're going to be able to monetize some amounts and if ttheyre is some upside to that, hopefully participate in all that. But you are correct. Tthey objective is not to participate in [inaudible 01:02:14] Eric Larson Okay, no that is [inaudible 01:02:18] a lot. So wtheyn you look at tthey size of your [inaudible 01:02:25] investments, ttheyy're -- those are relatively new assets, but I guess ttheyy're probably 8 to 10 years older obviously you so you've probably depreciated ttheym pretty significantly already. Is your contribution to tthey [Indiscernible] putting those assets in ttheyre, or would you expect to see maybe a modest capital return as part of that JV Agreement as well? Juan Luciano One of tthey reasons, Eric, that we landed in ttheir option is that tthey valuation of our assets, I mean, it's better than tthey alternatives that we have. So we are pleased with tthey value at which we are contributing ttheyse 2 assets. We don't need or we don't plan to add [Indiscernible] as such, ttheyn tthey joint venture or Gevo may put money for finishing of tthey -- and to convert it into [Indiscernible] through ttheyir technology. But our participation stops with tthey contribution of ttheyse 2 dry mills as ttheyy are. Eric Larson Okay, perfect. Thank you. Juan, my questions at that. Thanks, everybody. Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric. Operator Our last question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is open. Adam Samuelson Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Adam. Hi. Well, a lot of ground bidding covered. so I'll try and make ttheir quick. On tthey DSAS MoU, can you just maybe clarify just in tthey beginning factors of what you'd be looking for on tthey regulatory side to really move atheyad theyre. Obviously, SAS doesn't participate today in tthey RFS or California programs. So what would you want to see in terms of tthey federal or state action on SAS before you really fully commit to going atheyad? Juan Luciano Yeah. Listen, we have experienced in both tthey U.S. and tthey European Union a strong desire to make ttheir a reality. Ttheyre is no anottheyr efficient way to decarbonize tthey airlines industry -- tthey aviation industry. Of course, on tthey short hauls, you can put tthey [Indiscernible], long hauls is something like ttheir. So we expect tthey governments to be a partner, to a certain degree, in creating some of ttheyse markets. Some of those things are too early for me to disclose. But ttheyre are commitments both tthey U.S. government and tthey European Union to create a market for that in tthey 50 billion gallons type of size. So ttheyre's going to be some theylping in to that. But that's probably to tthey extent that I can talk about it right now. Adam Samuelson Okay. And ttheyn, just quickly on tthey Balance Stheyet, maybe ttheir is for Ray. At tthey end of tthey quarter, net debt to EBITDA was sub two times. You haven't bought back any stock ttheir year. Just theylp us think about how we should think about stock buyback as part of tthey capital allocation mix going forward. Ray Young I think that as we -- we've been monitoring commodity prices very carefully. And wtheyn you look in our offering working capital, right now it's still $2 billion higtheyr than we were last year. So as we think about commodity prices next year, assuming you have a strong South America crop, you have a normal crop in U.S.. You see commodity prices coming off again. And after we've funded some of tthey bolt-on acquisitions that we've talked about, I expect our Balance Stheyet to be pretty strong. And so ttheyre we can probably start looking back at return of capital that we've looked like in tthey pa st. So I think a lot of it is a function of funding tthey investments that we've talked about, but importantly, making sure that tthey working capital environment reverts back to normalized levels, which I think -- I sense, assuming a normal South America crop, a normal U.S. crop next year. I see opportunities to look at return of capital. Adam Samuelson Okay. All right. I'll leave it ttheyre Thanks so much. Ray Young Thank you, Adam. Juan Luciano We'll be theyadlining on December 10th, Global Investor Day. We look forward to talking in more detail projectory and why we are so optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad. In tthey meantime, as always, feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you, everyone for joining us today. Ttheir now concludes today's conference call, please now disconnect your lines.