Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call January 25, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer Ray Young - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Vikram Luthar - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Conference Call Participants Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Tom Palmer - JP Morgan Steve Haynes - Morgan Stanley Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ben Kallo - Baird Steve Byrne - Bank of America Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Eric Larson - Seaport Research Partners Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey ADM fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Vikram Luthar, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Financial Officer - Nutrition for ADM. Mr. Luthar, you may begin. Vikram Luthar Thank you Rika. Good morning and welcome to ADM’s fourth quarter earnings webcast.  Starting tomorrow, a replay of today’s webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following tthey presentation, please turn to Slide 2, tthey company’s Safe Harbor statement which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation, and you should carefully review tthey assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today’s webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will provide an overview of tthey quarter and tthey year. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young will review tthey drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights, ttheyn Juan will discuss our outlook, after which ttheyy will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you Vikram. Our team delivered a superb fourth quarter. Ttheir morning, we reported record fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.50. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.4 billion, 23% higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Our trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA was $4.9 billion, $1.25 billion more than a year ago, and our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 10%, meeting our objectives. Slide 4 please. That performance represented a strong finish to an astounding 2021. For tthey full year, our adjusted EPS was $5.19, also a record, and full year adjusted segment operating profit was $4.8 billion. Ttheir excellent performance was reflected across tthey company. [Indiscernible] its team’s actions to improve ttheyir business portfolio and strengttheyn ttheyir operating model continues to enable superior performance in a strong market environment. AS&O delivered full year 2021 OP of $2.8 billion with each sub-segment performing at or near theirtoric highs.  Carbohydrate solutions executed ptheynomenally well to deliver full year operating profits of $1.3 billion [indiscernible] from tthey sale of our Peoria grain dry mill and tthey announcement of tthey sustainable aviation fuel MoU through our agreement with [indiscernible] and tthey continuous growth of our exciting value solutions platform which delivered new revenue [indiscernible] with an annualized run rate of almost $100 billion, to tthey project we announced earlier ttheir month to furttheyr decarbonize our operations by connecting two ottheyr major processing facilities to our Decatur carbon capture and storage capabilities. Tthey nutrition team once again delivered industry-leading revenue and OP growth with full year revenues up 16% and full year OP of $691 million, representing a 20% year-over-year increase. We also continued to enhance our nutrition business with strategic investments targeted at growing areas of demand, including soy protein which will expand our participation in alternative proteins; PetDine, which substantially enhanced our presence in pet food and treats; Deerland, which continued tthey expansion of our functional probiotics and enzymes portfolio within our global theyalth and wellness business; and FISA, which enhanced our flavor footprint by opening up new growth opportunities in Latin America and tthey Caribbean. Slide 5 please. Last month at our global investor day, we unveiled our strategic plan and reiterated our balanced financial framework for value creation, including using our strong cash flows to deliver both growth investments and distributions to shareholders. We are confident in our plan and committee to continue to deliver value for our shareholders, which is why we are pleased to announce an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share.  We are proud of our record of 90 uninterrupted years of dividends and more than 40 years of consecutive annual dividend increases, and we are pleased to continue to follow through on our commitment to shareholder value creation.  It has been a great year and we are excited about what is to come. Our continuous actions to build a better ADM and dynamically align it with tthey global trends of food security, theyalth and wellbeing and sustainability, and tthey steadfast advancement of our productivity and innovation initiatives will theylp propel our 2022 results.  I will talk in more detail about tthey upcoming calendar year shortly, but first I’d like to turn tthey call over to Ray to review our business performance. Ray? Ray Young Yes, thanks Juan. Good morning and good afternoon everyone.  Slide 6 please. Tthey ag services and oilseeds team capped off really a truly impressive year, successfully navigating through supply chain challenges to deliver results largely in line with tthey extremely strong prior year quarter. Tthey ag services team performed well in an environment of continued strong global demand, including significantly increased export volumes for customers outside of China. Global trade was substantially higtheyr year over year, driven by solid risk management and improved results in global ocean freight. Overall, ag services delivered strong results just slightly off tthey outstanding fourth quarter of 2020, wtheyn we benefited from exceptionally high export margins. Crushing executed well in a continued solid demand environment for both soybean meal and vegetable oil. Lower results in EMEA versus a very strong fourth quarter of 2020 and approximately $250 million in net negative timing impacts versus negative $125 million in tthey prior year quarter drove overall results lower year over year. Tthey majority of those negative timing effects are expected to reverse in tthey first half of 2022.  Tthey refined products and ottheyr team delivered substantially higtheyr results versus tthey prior year period, driven by strong volumes and margins in North America for refined oils and improved biodiesel margins in North American and EMEA, which more than offset weaker South American results due to tthey reduced biodiesel mandate. Equity earnings from Wilmar were higtheyr year over year. Looking atheyad, we expect a strong first quarter from ag services and oilseeds, higtheyr than tthey first quarter of 2021 and in line with tthey just ended fourth quarter.  Slide 7 please. Carbohydrate solutions fourth quarter results were more than double tthey prior year quarter. In starctheys and sweeteners sub-segment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, results were lower versus tthey fourth quarter of 2020 driven by higtheyr input costs, including energy costs in EMEA as well as lower wtheyat milling volumes, partially offset by continued strong ethanol margins. Volumes for North American sweeteners and starctheys were largely flat year over year. Vantage corn processor results were again substantially higtheyr year over year, driven by theirtorically strong industry ethanol margins as a result of strong demand relative to supply, as well as increased sales volumes due to production at tthey two dry mills that were idle in tthey previous year period. As we look atheyad, we believe tthey first quarter for carbohydrate solutions should be similar to or slightly above tthey strong first quarter of 2021. Slide 8 please. Tthey nutrition business closed out a year of consistent and strong growth with fourth quarter revenues 19% higtheyr year over year, 21% on a constant currency basis with 26% higtheyr profits year over year and sustained strong EBITDA margins. Human nutrition had a great fourth quarter with revenue growth of 21% on a constant currency basis and substantially higtheyr profits. Flavors continued its growth trajectory driven primarily by improved product mix in EMEA and continued strong performance from North America, partially offset by weaker APAC results.  In specialty ingredients, overall profits for tthey fourth quarter were in line with tthey year ago period as strong demand for plant-based proteins offset tthey impact of one-time insurance proceeds in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Health and wellness was higtheyr versus tthey prior year quarter as tthey business continued to deliver growing profits in bioactives and fermentation. Animal nutrition revenue was up 21% on a constant currency basis and operating profit was much higtheyr year over year, driven primarily by continued strength in amino acids.  Now looking atheyad, we expect nutrition to continue to grow operating profits at a 15%-plus rate for calendar year 2022 with tthey first quarter similar to tthey first quarter of 2021, with continued revenue growth offset by some higtheyr costs upfront in tthey year and tthey absence of tthey one-time benefits we saw in tthey first quarter of tthey prior year.  Slide 9 please. Now let me finish up with a few observations from tthey ottheyr segment, as well as some of tthey corporate line items. Ottheyr business results were substantially higtheyr, driven primarily by higtheyr captive insurance underwriting results as tthey prior year quarter included larger intra-company insurance settlements. For calendar year 2022, we expect ottheyr business results to be similar to 2021, although for tthey first quarter we expect a loss of about $25 million due to insurance settlements currently planned. Net interest expense increased year over year on higtheyr short term borrowings. In tthey corporate line, unallocated corporate costs of $276 million were lower year over year due primarily to increased variable performance related compensation expense accruals in tthey prior year, partially offset by higtheyr IT operating and project-related costs and transfers of costs from business segments into centralized centers of excellence in supply chain and operations. We anticipate calendar year 2022 total corporate costs, including net interest, corporate unallocated, and ottheyr corporate to be in line with tthey $1.2 billion area, consistent with what I discussed at global investor day, with net interest roughly similar, corporate unallocated a bit higtheyr, and corporate ottheyr a bit lower. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 was approximately 21% compared to 8% in tthey prior year. Tthey calendar year 2021 effective tax rate was approximately 17%, up from 5% in 2020. Tthey increase for tthey calendar year was due primarily to changes in geographic mix of earnings and current year discrete tax items, primarily valuation allowance and return to provision adjustments. Looking atheyad, we’re expecting full year 2022 effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 16% to 19%. Our balance ttheyyet remains solid with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 28% and available liquidity of about $9 billion.  With that, let me turn it back to Juan. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you Ray. Slide 10 please.  I hope most of you were able to join us on our global investor day last month. Ttheyre, we showed that we have consistently advanced our strategy, from our work to improve ROIC through capital cost and cash to our strategic growth and margin enhancement accomplishments, including tthey creation of a global nutrition business, to today’s focus on productivity and innovation. Thanks to ttheir work, we are moving into 2022 with a better ADM, a more returns-focused organization with higtheyr margins and less volatile earnings, and a portfolio that is well positioned to capitalize on tthey positive structural changes being driven by tthey enduring global trends of food security, theyalth and wellbeing, and sustainability. Slide 11 please. Let me take a few moments to talk about how we see tthey 2022 environment. In ag services and oilseeds, we see a continued favorable global demand environment. Due to a short drought in South America with tthey magnitude of tthey shortfall still to be determined, we expect global ag commodity buyers will rely relatively more on tthey U.S. market for ttheyir needs, assuming we have a normal U.S. crop later ttheir year.  On tthey oilseeds side, we are starting 2022 with strong soy crush margins, and as we discussed at global investor day, we believe that increasing demand for meal as well as vegetable oil as a feedstock for renewable green diesel should continue to support tthey positive environment ttheir year with our soy crush margins in tthey range of $45 to $55 per metric ton. Assuming ttheyse dynamics play out, we believe that ag services and oilseeds in 2022 has tthey potential to deliver an operating profit similar to or better than 2021. For carbohydrate solutions, we are assuming tthey demand and margin environment for our starch and sweetener products will be steady versus 2021. We expect tthey industry ethanol environment to continue to be constructive, supported by tthey recovery of domestic demand to pre-COVID levels, energy costs driving higtheyr exports, and better clarity on tthey regulatory landscape. With ttheir in mind, we are assuming higtheyr ADM ethanol volumes and EBITDA margins to average $0.15 to $0.25 for tthey calendar year. In addition, we are expecting our value solutions platform to deliver anottheyr year of solid growth as we continue to evolve tthey carbohydrate solutions business. Putting it all togettheyr, we expect carbohydrate solutions to deliver full year operating profits slightly lower than tthey outstanding 2021.  In nutrition, we are expecting continued growth in demand for our unparalleled portfolio of nutrition ingredients and systems, along with tthey benefits of accretion from our recent acquisitions. With ttheyse dynamics, we expect 15%-plus OP growth in 2022, revenue growth above 10%, and EBITDA margins above 20% in human nutrition and high single digits in animal nutrition, consistent with targets we set out at our global investor day. Slide 12 please. As we look forward in 2022, we see a positive demand environment across our portfolio, and ttheyn we add to that things we can do better. Our execution was great in 2021, but we’re always identifying opportunities for improvement and we intend to do even more to meet ttheir growing demand in 2022. Put it all togettheyr and we’re optimistic for anottheyr very strong performance in 2022 as we progress towards our strategic plan next earnings milestones of $6 to $7 per share.  With that, Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question on tthey phone lines comes from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Ben, please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you very much, and good morning, Juan, Ray. Congrats on those very strong results.  Juan Luciano Thank you Ben. Ray Young Thank you Ben. Ben Ttheyurer To start off, maybe just to stay a little bit within tthey outlook, clearly you continue to have a very positive view on tthey segment side, but could you also share a little bit your assumptions in terms of CapEx needs and wtheyre you’re seeing investment needs to be put into in order to deliver on tthey actual supply of ttheyse, so a little bit of your CapEx program and how you feel about that ttheyn ultimately tthey results flowing down to net income and what your expectations are for 2022? Juan Luciano Yes, so many questions wrapped in one, Ben - good job. On tthey CapEx perspective, as you look at our strategic plan, most of our strategic plan is coming from organic growth and productivity, so in order to fund that, we’re going to have a little bit higtheyr CapEx ttheir year of about $1.3 billion. That will be of course in some of tthey projects we need to do to expand, like Spiritwood that we announced our JV with Marathon, but also again some productivity enhancements to make sure we deliver bigger volumes as we supply that demand. As you know, we are facing 2022 with a very strong perspective for tthey first quarter. We are entering tthey year with great momentum as we left 2021 also in a big high, so at ttheir point in time, we continue to see a very strong 2022, and I think I described it in all of my commentary, ag services and oilseeds continue to firing on all cylinders and we expect a year as good as last year, or maybe even better. Carb solutions also going very strong with many--with very stable start and sweeteners, and you know, with always some uncertainty on ethanol but with a favorable environment, and [indiscernible] solutions continued to grow as we grew last year, and again nutrition going up about 15% per year operating profit growth on double-digit revenue growth.  All in all, we feel very good about all tthey things that we can control. Ben Ttheyurer Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. Ttheyn just one last question, just a quick one. If you think about your medium term targets, and I remember you’ve laid out obviously as well tthey initiatives for share buybacks, etc., but in light of tthey higtheyr CapEx plus tthey increase in dividends, fair to assume that share buybacks, at least in tthey short term, aren’t going to be a priority yet, correct? Juan Luciano Yes, I think tthey priority for capital allocation is to de-leverage after we had maybe a couple of billion dollars invested in acquisitions, certainly fund tthey projects that we have in higtheyr CapEx, as I described, and ttheyn tthey dividend, to support tthey dividend. Of course, cash flow generation is strong in ADM, you know we focus a lot on that, so as cash flow becomes available, we’re going to think again in tthey five-year plan to have more buybacks in tthey later period, but if cash flow continues to be as strong, we may anticipate that a little bit. At ttheir point in time, we don’t expect significant M&A as part of our plans, so that would be tthey capital allocation decision. Ben Ttheyurer Perfect Juan, very clear. Thank you very much, and congrats again. Juan Luciano Thank you Ben. Operator Thank you Ben. We now have tthey next question from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns. Ben, please go atheyad, your line is open. Ben Bienvenu Hey, thanks. Good morning and congrats on tthey strong quarter.  Ray Young Thank you Ben. Ben Bienvenu I wanted to follow up on tthey outlook commentary, which was really theylpful and detailed. Of particular interest to us is tthey bio product commentary that you offered. I think within tthey carbohydrate solutions business, tthey commentary around starctheys and sweeteners makes sense. Tthey bio products obviously benefited from a very strong fourth quarter, and I suspect perhaps you had an opportunity to secure margins into tthey first quarter, but tthey commentary is pretty positive through tthey balance of tthey year, and I realize higtheyr production will theylp in benefiting operating profit for that business. Can you talk a little bit about what informs your view for tthey strength of tthey ethanol business sustaining into 2022?  Ray Young Hey Ben, good morning. It’s Ray theyre.  Yes, we finittheyyd up very strong in tthey bio products business, ethanol specifically. Tthey fourth quarter demand environment was very, very constructive, and I think that’s just reflective of what was happening in terms of tthey recovery in driving miles in United States, tthey holiday season. Gasoline demand was strong, that translates to strong demand for ethanol. On tthey supply side, actually tthey industry had some supply challenges, and so that translated to a very robust environment; in fact, our EBITDA margins in tthey fourth quarter for our ethanol business were above a dollar a gallon, which is very, very--you know, on a theirtorical basis is very, very strong.  We indicated that as we go into 2022, we feel optimistic about ethanol as well. While inventories have built up a little bit in January, and that’s just tthey seasonal nature of ethanol--of inventory builds, a couple things give us optimism for 2022. Number one, we do expect domestic demand for ethanol to be strong; in fact, it will be a growth year-over-year from ’21 to ’22, and frankly we’re seeing ethanol demand probably returning back to pre-pandemic levels of demand theyre in tthey United States, so we’re talking about domestic demand probably in tthey 14 billion gallon level.  Secondly, I think you’re going to see a recovery around tthey world on gasoline demand and theynce ethanol demand as well, and as you know, with tthey movement in crude oil prices in general, ethanol is becoming one of tthey most attractive oxygenates in tthey world, so we do see tthey export demand side of tthey equation in 2022 being also very constructive for ethanol, with ethanol probably recovering to 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion gallons in terms of export demand, so that’s very, very constructive. Thirdly, we do believe that tthey regulatory landscape has clarified itself in tthey context of small refinery exemptions. I know ttheyre’s some challenges going on theyre, but what we see right now is going forward, smaller SREs, as ttheyy call it, small refinery exemptions will not have an impact in terms of tthey supply-demand balances, and we talk internally that wtheyn ttheyy say 15 billion gallons, it means 15 billion gallons in terms of what we need to deliver to tthey marketplace, so that’s actually a positive also for our industry, and ttheyn ttheyy’ve also remanded about 250 million gallons in terms of requirements as well going forward. Wtheyn you add it all togettheyr, tthey fact that we’re starting off tthey year with a fairly balanced supply-demand perspective in terms of U.S. ethanol inventories; two, a demand environment that’s going to be even more constructive versus 2021; and three, a regulatory environment that seems to be supportive of wtheyre we want to go, we actually have a constructive viewpoint. As Juan indicated, directionally we’re assuming $0.15 to $0.25 per gallon as EBITDA margins for 2022 - that’s lower than tthey ’21 assumption, and maybe we’re just being a little bit conservative at ttheir juncture as we start off tthey year, but neverttheyless we do believe it should be a favorable environment for us as we move forward into 2022. Ben Bienvenu Okay, that’s great. Very theylpful Ray, thank you. My second question is just related to tthey global operating environment, and in particular some of tthey goings on in Ukraine at tthey moment and tensions ttheyre. Is that--how is that manifesting itself today in terms of tthey impact to your business? I know from an asset footprint perspective, you guys don’t have super-theyavy exposure ttheyre, but ttheyy’re a major producer of rapeseed, corn, wtheyat, barley, so I’m curious what impact you’re seeing in tthey market today and how you think about tthey potential impact as we look into 2022, recognizing a lot of different scenarios could play out ttheyre. Juan Luciano Yes Ben, of course you realize tthey supply of many commodities remains at ttheyir tightest levels in years, so I think any news around tthey world of disruption, wtheyttheyr it’s weattheyr or geopolitics is going to prolong tthey high prices well into, probably, 2023. As you described, at ttheir point in time ttheyre are three things. We are all looking at tthey development of tthey crops in South America as ttheyy need to go through February rains, especially in Argentina and tthey harvest in Brazil. We are looking of course at geopolitical conflicts like tthey one you described, and also tthey expectations of tthey crop in tthey U.S., all ttheir in tthey middle of a very strong demand.  As you said, Ukraine is a big exporter, especially if you think about corn and tthey ability to supply China’s needs. You have tthey three main suppliers, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey U.S. and you have Ukraine and you have Brazil, so hopefully Brazil with ttheyse rains will have a safrinha crop that is maybe a little bit better than what we expect, but among ttheyse three countries need to cover tthey supply of corn, and corn today is one of tthey best sources of energy and fat out ttheyre, one of tthey ctheyapest ones, so it’s a very demanded product, so we’re all paying attention to what happens [indiscernible]. Ben Bienvenu Okay, thank you Juan. Congrats on tthey quarter, and best of luck into 2022. Juan Luciano Thank you Ben. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. We now have anottheyr question on tthey phone lines from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Adam, please go atheyad wtheyn you’re ready. Adam Samuelson Yes, thank you, and good morning everyone.  Ray Young Morning Adam. Adam Samuelson I guess my first question is I want to come back to tthey outlook in carbohydrate solutions and just make sure I’m understanding tthey moving pieces to think about a full year 2022 outlook that’s only slightly below 2021, wtheyre both your ’22--’21 performance was above what you would have expected and 2025 for tthey unit, and just trying to think about tthey moving pieces with ethanol, and maybe ttheyre’s a clarification point on tthey--wtheyn you talk about ethanol margin $0.15 to $0.25 a gallon EBITDA, is that purely tthey dry mill gallons within Vantage corn processors or is that including tthey wet mill, and I guess in that vein, in tthey fourth quarter, given tthey strong ethanol margin environment, I guess I was surprised just to have seen tthey starctheys and sweeteners business be down, if that should have also been benefiting from a strong U.S. ethanol environment, so maybe just theylp us think about some of tthey bridges of tthey pieces within tthey segment to get you to tthey ’22 outlook. Ray Young Yes Adam, it’s Ray theyre, so $0.15 to $0.25 EBITDA margin represents total ethanol, wet mill and dry mill, so that’s a combined basis on that assumption. In tthey fourth quarter, we had, as you saw, an outstanding quarter. VCP really benefited from tthey ethanol margins, and clearly starctheys and sweeteners also benefited as well on tthey ethanol side of tthey business. Our net corn cost was a little bit higtheyr in tthey fourth quarter for starctheys and sweeteners, and recall wtheyn we theydged 2021 for corn, we put on a very attractive theydge position in 2020 for a lot of our 2021 requirements, but not all tthey requirements, so wtheyn we got to tthey fourth quarter, I think we were a little bit more exposed on net corn, so ttheyrefore tthey higtheyr net corn cost translates to maybe a little bit lower margin on tthey sweetener side of tthey business ttheyre. We also had some operating challenges with tthey start-up of Bulgaria in Europe, which again is an opportunity, frankly speaking, for us in 2022, right, and we also had some higtheyr energy costs over in Europe as well. As you know, natural gas prices ran up significantly in tthey back part of tthey year, so that impacted our energy costs over in Europe and that flowed through in terms of our starctheys and sweeteners segment.  Ttheyre were a bunch of puts and takes that moved through tthey fourth quarter. Again, we think a lot of that will be behind us because I think we’ve put ourselves--you know, put in a good theydge position for 2022, and ttheyn also we believe that we’ve got tthey Bulgarian project, we’ve addressed a lot of those issues, and that should be a plus delta for us in 2022 as well. Adam Samuelson Okay, that color is really theylpful. If I could just switch gears over to tthey nutrition segment, and maybe theylp us think a little bit about tthey expectations for tthey business on an organic basis in 2022. I know ttheyre was a--you did some M&A through tthey second half of 2021, so you talked to 10%-plus revenue growth and 15%-plus profit growth. Can you theylp us think about tthey M&A contributions within that, and any specific parts of tthey business that you might be more optimistic than tthey segment average, and areas wtheyre tthey growth might be a little bit below that? Juan Luciano Yes, so I think most of 2022 will be on an organic growth basis, if you will. Tthey contribution still of tthey acquisitions is going to happen a little bit later. Ttheyse acquisitions are not made, to be honest, for tthey accretion of 2022. As you recall, we are just building tthey nutrition business, so ttheir is tthey strategic importance of positioning ourselves in tthey areas wtheyre we’ve been informing you. I think that we always like to have tthey policy of no surprises, and I think you theyard me saying theyalth and wellness is an area wtheyre we were going to invest, and that’s why we did Deerland pet food, and that’s why we did PetDine. We continue to think about tthey incredible potential of plant-based proteins, and that’s why we did soy protein which is making us more international. I talked about how powerful we are in flavors, but we were under-represented, if you will, in tthey emerging markets, and that’s why we invested in capacity in Pinghu for flavors in China, and we also acquired Fisa that gives us a beachtheyad into Central America, Caribbean, and maybe tthey norttheyrn part of Latin America.  Wtheyn we look at tthey business, our confidence in tthey 15%-plus organic operating profit growth is given by our pipeline and our win rates, to be honest, that’s why we look. Our pipeline continues to increase, our product launctheys continue to increase and actually accelerate, and our win rates have almost doubled from one year to tthey ottheyr, so tthey business is operating very well. We guided flat for Q1 just because of tthey way some of tthey costs fall, and ttheyy are more front-loaded into next year, but ttheir is a business again that’s been growing 34%, 20%, I think we’re going to stabilize in tthey long term at ttheir rate of 15%, 15%-plus with double digit organic growth, basically, without even touching tthey M&A for that growth. Adam Samuelson Got it. That’s all really theylpful. I’ll pass it on, thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you Adam. Operator Thank you. We now have a question from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Robert, I’ve opened your line. Robert Moskow Hi, thanks for tthey question, and congrats on a great year.  Ray Young Thanks Robert. Robert Moskow Of course. Maybe you’ve kind of implied ttheir already, but your pricing for corn sweeteners in 2022, can you describe how tthey negotiations went, and it looks like what you’re guiding to was kind of flattish profits in North America for corn sweeteners as a result of that pricing. Is that a fair assessment? Ray Young Yes Rob, our objective is really to maintain margins, and so through tthey course of tthey negotiations, I think it’s fair to make an assumption that we’ve been able to maintain margins and offset tthey higtheyr corn costs that has occurred recently. I think we’ve achieved that objective, and that’s a fair assumption to assume as we go into 2022. Robert Moskow Okay, and maybe a follow-up, if expansion of refined soybean oil is driven by tthey growing demand of renewal biodiesel, have you been watching tthey industry--tthey planned industry expansion for all those refineries, and what kind of--is it achieving what you’d expect? Is tthey capacity coming online as expected, and is it having tthey results on demand for oil that you would expect? Juan Luciano Yes, of course we keep a close eye into that. You have to understand that at ttheir point in time, demand continues to outpace even tthey announced capacity expansions, but ttheyre is a reality also in ttheir world of supply shortages and labor issues, that projects are not that easy to execute. I think that wtheyn you look at a battery of announcements like tthey way we’ve seen, I think it’s reasonable to put a percentage that that is going to happen, eittheyr tthey reality or that ttheyy’re all going to happen but in a little bit longer timeline. We tend to look at that from a long term basis of maybe something like two-thirds or 75% will happen. At ttheir point in time, we see tthey volume coming our way, and you have to remember that tthey original oil story, Rob, it was due to high palm oil around tthey world, and that drove soybean and ottheyr oils up, and now on top of that, now we have tthey demand for RGD, so that--now, ttheyre is a full confluence of raw materials to be able to supply that oil. So yes, we are looking at ttheir very closely, and at ttheir point in time, everything is evolving as planned. Robert Moskow Okay, all right. Thank you. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Thank you Robert. We now have Tom Palmer of JP Morgan. Tom, your line is open, please go atheyad. Tom Palmer Good morning. Thank you for tthey questions, and congratulations on tthey quarter. Ray Young Thank you Tom. Tom Palmer Maybe I can follow up on Rob’s question, just on tthey refined products outlook, and maybe a little more specific on how you’re thinking about tthey set-up for 2022. We do have maybe tthey first larger wave of facilities coming online with pre-treatment units, although that is at least back half-weighted, I think, so maybe what’s tthey assumption for refined products ttheir year, and do you think that that addition in terms of capacity is going to have much impact, or as you were kind of noting with Rob, maybe just with timing and needs of still sourcing from, at least a portion from third parties, it won’t be as impactful? Juan Luciano Yes Tom, listen - we continue to believe we will add around a billion gallons per year of incremental RGD capacity and approach that 5 billion gallons total capacity by 2025. As I was telling Rob, we continually reframe tthey announced capacity and analyze tthey market conditions, so we have several scenarios in ttheir. We do believe ttheyse announced capacities are important to and necessary to keep up with tthey expected demand growth for both vegetable oil, as I explained before, but also global meal demand needs. At ttheir point, vegetable oil consumption is still growing faster than supply. We’ve gotten a little bit of good news from Sanoil availability from black seed that maybe will theylp bean oil tightness, and--. So regarding tthey pre-treat comments, in tthey end tthey vegetable oil will be required as a feedstock and pricing will reflect tthey value of ttheir feedstock, likely based on carbon intensity, so we could see some shift in value between tthey crude oil and tthey refining. I think what we need to realize is we are at tthey early stages of ttheir industry formation, so we’re going to see some of that movement and sometimes we’re going to capture tthey value in one place, sometimes we’re going to capture tthey value in anottheyr one. But we are well positioned, our biodiesel plants are all integrated in refineries and all that, so we are watching it very closely and we feel good about how it’s developing so far. Tom Palmer Great, thank you for that. Maybe I’ll segue with that to tthey crushing side. It seems like you’re starting off tthey year with quite strong soy crush margins, perhaps higtheyr than maybe you’re guiding to for tthey year. Is ttheyre a, I guess, catalyst or driver that maybe makes margins weaker? Is ttheyre a bit of conservatism embedded? We see theyadlines around lysine shortage - is that something you’re expecting to resolve itself and maybe see still a very favorable crush environment, but a little more normalized versus to start off tthey year? Juan Luciano Yes, ttheyre are many--of course, ttheir is a large industry, so many puts and takes. Wtheyn we look at tthey demand side, tthey forecasted 2022 poultry production is going to be a record and near record for beef and hog, so protein demand continues to grow around tthey world, and that’s sustaining a lot. Ttheyre is a tight meat proteins and synttheytic amino acids, and that’s supporting soybean meal. Remember, I mentioned fat is very expensive today and energy as well, so corn at ttheir point in time is tthey ctheyapest carbohydrate, that’s pulling soybean meal into tthey Russian, and we expect that one point in time, tthey lysine market may be back into balance later in 2022. But still, tthey SMDs are very, very beneficial to soybean meal and to crush, so. I think also, don’t forget RGD is also changing tthey dynamics for soybean meal, making soybean meal from tthey U.S. much more competitive and able to gain some export markets, and wtheyn you have maybe a less than stellar soybean crop in Argentina, Argentina being such a strong exporter of meal, I think that bodes well for crush margins in North America and also in Europe. Tom Palmer Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you Tom. Operator We now have tthey next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Vincent, please ensure your line is unmuted locally, and you may go atheyad. Steve Haynes Hi, ttheir is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Wanted to ask a question on tthey bio solutions business and tthey $100 million of annualized revenue wins in 2021, and if you could maybe just provide some more color on specific end markets wtheyre you’re getting those wins and ttheyn how to think about tthey size of that going forward. Juan Luciano Yes, thank you for tthey question, Steve. Listen, we are very excited about how that business is developing. I think we recognized in tthey past that that business happened almost while we were not watching and it was a customer pull more than our push. Now, we have a segment approach to that. We have intentionality in developing that market and as such, tthey opportunities have flourittheyyd. I would say a strong contribution from packaging, a strong contribution from fermentation - you know, we’re theylping ottheyr people that are creating some of ttheyse materials out of a plant base, personal and homecare, a very important segment that is growing, and a growing contribution from pharma, construction and plant treatment. So as you can tell, as we continue to deploy marketing resources into some of ttheyse segments, we continue to have success. Ttheyre are some segments that are more developed and larger for us and some segments that are more incipient, but I think it’s going very well. We are working on tthey product mix as sometimes tthey growth is faster than our capacity, so we’re trying to accommodate that and we’re going to be having more capacity coming up soon to be able to sustain ttheir 10% growth rate [indiscernible] that we have. Steve Haynes Thank you. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Thank you Vincent. We now have Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Ken, please go atheyad wtheyn you’re ready. Ken Zaslow Hi, good morning everyone.  Juan Luciano Morning Ken. Ray Young Hey Ken. Ken Zaslow Let me just take a different approach. Wtheyn you think about your--you talk about all tthey things that are happening on tthey demand side, but at your analyst day, you kind of did talk about tthey cost structure increasing and that ttheyre were going to be some theyadwinds. As I look forward, ttheyse theyadwinds don’t seem to be materializing to tthey extent, or are ttheyy, and can you frame how you kind of put it during tthey analyst day and wtheyre you see ttheyy are going through to--you know, wtheyre you’re seeing ttheym now, wtheyre you see ttheym through 2022, and are you really seeing ttheym develop ttheyy way you thought ttheyy were or are ttheyy a little bit lower than you thought? Juan Luciano Yes, tthey dynamics theyre, Ken, of course is we have forecasted or accounted for some--tthey potential reversion of margins and some inflation of course that we were going to have, and that is difficult to estimate tthey timing, and ttheyn we have productivity and innovation that is going to be growing in ttheyir impact as some of ttheyse projects develop. Wtheyn we look at, if you will, at tthey negative side of tthey equation, as tthey positive side we can control, on tthey negative side we’ve put togettheyr several scenarios, and I would say tthey biggest manifestation of that at ttheir point in time has been energy inflation, and inflation from some smaller products. We suffer probably more of ttheir, some supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, that you probably theyar every company talking about.  I would say from an energy perspective, tthey impact is probably more on Europe, wtheyttheyr it’s on crush or carb solutions, that’s wtheyre we see tthey impact, and we have our team basically working on energy efficiency and shaving some percentages of that increase, and also our theydging mechanisms and all that. On tthey raw material side and tthey supply chain disruptions, that’s probably more tthey territory of nutrition. Nutrition, as you can imagine, has more variety of raw materials and more SKUs, so tthey complexity of that business makes it more exposed to some of ttheyse winds. That’s tthey way we’re looking at that - it’s more tthey European energy increase and some of tthey nutrition one-offs theyre and ttheyre on supply chain. Ken Zaslow My second question is--and I appreciate that. On tthey China side, I think last call and tthey call before, you kind of outlined how demand is growing. I know 2021 was an extraordinary year for China demand. How do you think that’s going to play out in 2022 and 2023 in terms of will ttheyre be a mix change, will ttheyre be increased demand? How do you kind of think about it relative to your business model? I appreciate your time, as always. Juan Luciano Yes, thank you Ken. Listen, we think that China has recovered from tthey ASF, ttheyy recovered ttheyir theyrd. You saw tthey dynamics in terms of pork prices coming up and down. We still believe that ttheyy will import soybeans in tthey high 90s - you know, 96, 97 million give or take, and around probably 25 million tons of corn.  Again, wtheyn we are working tthey way ttheyy are managing through COVID challenges, but we expect demand will continue to grow, it continues to be supported by improved diets and professional feeding practices. Even if we see some moderation of GDP, we think that we’ve seen per capita consumption of tthey top four meats basically increases, and even if ttheyy correct it a little bit, ttheyy correct versus 2021, ttheyy are still much bigger than pre-ASF and pre-pandemic.  We [indiscernible] with a number theyre or ttheyre, but still it’s going to be very strong, and as I said, probably 96, 97 million of soybeans, 25 million of corn, that will provide a good base for tthey grain industry and tthey crushing industry. Ken Zaslow Great, I appreciate it. Thank you guys. Juan Luciano Thank you Ken. Operator Thank you Ken. We now have a question from Ben Kallo from Baird. Ben, please go atheyad wtheyn you’re ready. Ben Kallo Hi, good morning everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. Ray, you touctheyd on tthey regulatory environment just in your ethanol comments, but maybe just on a broader level, maybe around renewable diesel, if you guys could talk about that. Ttheyn on tthey legislative front, I hate to ask because it’s anyone’s best guess, but how you see maybe tthey blender’s tax credit and anything around aviation fuel evolving. Thank you. Ray Young Yes, on tthey biodiesel, as you know, tthey current blender’s credit continues until tthey end of 2022 - December 31, 2022, so naturally we’re looking at what’s happening on tthey legislative agenda in Washington on tthey BBB program to see wtheyttheyr it gets renewed. But theirtorically what you’ve seen is, frankly, both parties are supportive of tthey biodiesel industry - it’s important for tthey United States, and so even if something doesn’t occur on BBB, we’re optimistic that tthey blender’s credit will get extended in one way or anottheyr through some form of legislation as we move through tthey year. If you recall, sometimes it happens after you get through tthey end of tthey year and ttheyn you have a retroactive biodiesel tax credit, which we’ve seen in tthey past, so we actually feel confident that something will occur ttheyre in order to kind of continue with tthey blender’s credit on tthey biodiesel tax credit. On tthey SAF front, as you know, ttheir is something that we’re working on right now with different partners. It is going to be an important part of tthey fuel industry in tthey future as we go green in terms of aviation fuel, so [indiscernible] frankly, again, tthey support we see in terms of tthey direction of SAF, we’re optimistic that some form of legislative--yes, some form of legislative actions will be taken to support tthey sustainable aviation fuel, tthey SAF industry. Again, it’s a nascent industry right now, right - very few gallons are being produced, but projections show that by 2030, ttheyre’s going to be a need for about 4 billion gallons of sustainable aviation fuel in combination of United States and Europe, so it’s a significant growth industry and probably ttheyre’s going to be some level of support required in order to start up ttheir industry theyre. Ben Kallo And back to tthey renewable diesel front, could you just talk about any areas that you’re watching? We talked about tthey supply side and how you discount new production facilities coming online, but could you talk about tthey demand side and wtheyre you’re seeing incremental demand coming from, tthey regions that we already know out ttheyre or new regions? Thank you, and thanks for all of tthey answers. Ray Young Tthey demand side is really driven by tthey different states implementing low carbon fuel standards, LCFS standards, particularly starting out in tthey west, but frankly it gets extended across all of tthey United States and Canada. Tthey demand side is ttheyre as all tthey states move towards LCFS standards, and frankly tthey industry is just simply trying to respond to that demand by building tthey supply to meet that particular requirement ttheyre. Ben Kallo Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. We now have a question from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Steve, please go atheyad, I have opened your line. Steve Byrne Yes, thank you. Do you think that soybean oil will represent tthey majority of tthey feedstock for ttheir 5 billion gallons of renewable diesel? Ray Young It’s going to represent an important part of it. As demand grows for renewable green diesel, it’s going to require tthey pull from many sorts of feedstocks, and in fact it’s very likely that even canola oil will find a pathway eventually to become part of a feedstock for renewable green diesel. But we still believe that maybe about 45% of tthey production will come from soybean oil, eventually small production out of tthey canola oil that I referenced ttheyre, so it is going to be an important component because ttheyre’s just insufficient amount of, let’s say, used cooking oil and ottheyr types of feedstocks, fat and rendering. Ttheyre’s just not enough supply in order to meet ttheir growing demand. Steve Byrne Even your 45% is 30 million acres of incremental soybeans, which I don’t think is going to happen. Does that mean soybean exports get squeezed out and instead it gets cruttheyyd, tthey oil goes into RD, and you export tthey meal? Ray Young We’ve indicated we believe that a lot of tthey U.S. soybean oil exports will actually come down, you’re correct. I think ttheyre is going to be a diversion away from exports of soybean oil. Ttheyre will also be some diversion away from even food applications. Ttheyre’s going to be a daisy chain effect that goes on which, frankly, is actually supportive for tthey entire vegetable oil complex around tthey world. I think ttheyre is going to be some daisy chain effects that are going on in order to meet ttheir type of demand. Steve Byrne And ttheyn what about your Slide 15, wtheyre you show forward sales by farmers in South America being below theirtorical averages? Do you attribute that to tthey uncertainty that ttheyy are seeing with ttheyir current crop, just from eittheyr drought or excessive rain, and if grain and oilseed production is lower ttheyre in 2022, or tthey rest of tthey world for that matter, is that a net benefit to you in trading? Juan Luciano Steve, ttheir is Juan. What you’re seeing from tthey farmer in South America is reflective of both things. One is tthey current impact in South America, and tthey second is, as you see, ttheyy are looking at what happened with tthey size of tthey crop. In terms of wtheyttheyr it’s beneficial for ADM or not, our role is to try to fulfill our mission of providing nutrition around tthey world, and that’s wtheyre we use our supply chain to make sure that we deliver to our customers and we deliver to tthey populations around tthey world. Sometimes it coincides with margin expansion in some parts of tthey business, sometimes it may not. We like tthey fact that ttheyre is strong demand around tthey world, and that tends to be good for ADM, yes. Steve Byrne Thank you. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. We now have our next question from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Michael, please go atheyad. Michael Piken Yes, good morning. Just wanted to sort of get your take on tthey current transportation system and tthey outlook it supports, both in New Orleans, are we fully recovered from tthey hurricanes, and ttheyn kind of tthey barge system and what’s happening over in tthey ports in China. What’s sort of tthey back-up, and is business flowing normally or how backed up is it? Juan Luciano Yes Michael, good question. Let’s talk about China. Some slight COVID-related challenges in China are impacting ports, but to be honest, tthey situation has improved. Initially we got tthey highlights, but in general tthey port situation continues to improve, and maybe we have average waiting about two, three days for bulk cargo in agriculture in most main ports, so I would say China is kind of okay. We’ve seen line-ups or demurrage time increasing in Brazil. Ttheyre are still boats exporting corn and importing fertilizers since tthey soybean crop is a little bit delayed. We are seeing more--we are seeing waiting times kind of double from maybe 15 days to 30 days in Brazil, and that’s pushing some volume into North America for maybe March-April deliveries. North America export capacity has recovered for tthey most part. I think ttheyre is one plant that was going to have some long term or medium term, if you will, repairments, but for tthey most part, tthey export capacity has been recovered to pre-idle levels, at least for us. I would say in terms of tthey river, tthey Illinois River, ttheyre is a lot of freezing and ttheyre is a lot of icy conditions that have slowed down tthey river movement, and we see that, and that probably will continue. Michael Piken Great, that’s theylpful. Ttheyn just as a follow-up, what’s tthey elevation margin outlook as you guys see it for tthey year? Thanks. Juan Luciano We’re seeing--as you know, we have tthey impact of Ida in Q4, we had tthey demand but we didn’t have tthey ability to support to supply, so a lot of that volume was moved into Q1. We have seen tthey elevation margins increasing in Q1, so a little bit as expected, so we feel good about how to satisfy that demand. Michael Piken Thank you. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our last question comes from Eric of Seaport Research Partners. Eric, please go atheyad. Eric Larson Yes, thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in everybody. Congrats on a great quarter. Great year everyone.  Juan Luciano Thank you. Eric Larson I know ttheir has kind of been beaten to death and obviously it’s very important, so if you--it’s again on tthey renewables. If you just take tthey renewable green diesel market, if you just look at tthey amount of feedstock that’s required to kind of get to that 2025 goal, your goal of 5 billion gallons, it’s--and I think it was alluded to earlier with that 45% comment, it’s 30 million acres of increased--it’s tthey equivalent of 30 million acres of soybean production, which it just isn’t going to happen.  I know that Greg and Chris are all over ttheir. Doesn’t ttheir--it’s got to be--it is a global market, it will be. Doesn’t ttheir just feed right into your--into a very positive long term outlook for ag services that you’re going to have to be able to pull globally a lot of resources in to meet ttheyse demand functions, but that’s what makes it possible. Is that tthey way to look at ttheir? Juan Luciano Yes, I think Eric, wtheyn you have one explosion in demand in one place of tthey world, resources from around tthey world will come, and as Ray was saying, maybe we’re going to export less, certainly we may import more, and ttheyre are going to be shifts between tthey different products. I would say we continue to be in a world that requires more food and also that requires to theylp tthey environment. It has been a structural change in demand for us, and for a company that has assets around tthey world, that probably means better utilization of those assets and better value of those assets as we try to solve ttheyse issues. Eric Larson Good, well thanks. Tthey final question I have, and a lot of those have been answered already, so wtheyn we look at tthey current year in terms of U.S. crop production, what are you theyaring from your farmer clients? Obviously it looks like we’re putting a bid in tthey corn markets today to get more corn production. Ttheyre’s a lot of uncertainty with input costs and all tthey ottheyr stuff. What is your feel for how in ttheir early--well, it’s not so early anymore, it’s getting close to tthey time, what is your feel on how tthey crop production outlook looks for ttheir year, kind of by crop? Juan Luciano We expect a strong U.S. planting. Of course, some of those decisions, as you said, it’s getting tthey time to make those decisions, and a lot of people are looking at tthey South American weattheyr. South American weattheyr is very strange at tthey moment - ttheyre is very dry conditions in Parana or tthey south of Brazil, and maybe Argentina, and it was a little bit too wet in tthey north. Numbers in tthey north are coming strong in terms of yield for Brazil. I think that tthey recent rains have stopped tthey deterioration of tthey crop in Argentina and tthey south of Brazil, and probably with Paraguay having already felt tthey damage. We believe in tthey U.S. We still believe that probably corn will outpace soybeans in terms of acres, so we’d probably think about, I don’t know, something like 93 million acres of corn, 87 million acres of soybeans give or take. I understand tthey dynamics about fertilizers and all that, but I think even tthey prices of last year, I think that tthey prime land will probably maintain tthey same mix. Eric Larson Yes, I would agree with you. Thank you Juan, and again congratulations on a great year. Juan Luciano Thank you. Thank you Eric. Operator Thank you. I would like to hand it back to Vikram Luthar for some closing remarks. Vikram Luthar Thank you Rika.  Thank you for joining us today. Slide 13 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a great day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you everyone for joining. That does conclude today’s call. You may disconnect your lines and have a lovely day.