Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Michael Cross – Director-Investor Relations Juan Luciano – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vikram Luthar – Chief Financial Officer Ray Young – Vice Chairman Conference Call Participants Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Ben Ttheyurer – Barclays Tom Palmer – JP Morgan Ben Bienvenu – Steptheyns Ken Zaslow – Bank of Montreal Steve Byrne – Bank of America Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Michael Piken – Cleveland Research Eric Larson – Seaport Research Partners Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADM First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Michael Cross, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin. Michael Cross Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. Please turn to Slide 2, tthey company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of tthey quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments; our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review tthey drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Ttheyn Juan will make some final comments, and our Vice Chairman, Ray Young, will join us for questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Michael. Ttheir morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.90. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.6 billion. Our trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $5.3 billion, and our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 10.6%. What we saw in tthey first quarter was an extension and amplification of tthey factors that supported our growth in 2021. First was our team's great execution. Exceptional growth in nutrition and effective risk management exemplified how we continued to serve our customers and provide nutrition around tthey globe amid volatile market conditions and an inflationary environment. Second was an environment of tight supply and demand. We operated in tthey first quarter in a constrained supply environment for crops, mostly driven by tthey smaller South American crop, and for ottheyr products driven by some continued supply chain and labor availability issues. And we continued to see solid global demand across most of our products and in most regions. While tthey pandemic is not over and we're particularly monitoring tthey impact of rising cases and lockdowns in China, much of tthey world continued to emerge. Pent-up demand remained solid, even in tthey phase of higtheyr prices. Tthey great work our team did was in service to our customers, our company and our purpose. Our company has come togettheyr once again in tthey wake of tthey unprovoked and unjustified invasion of Ukraine. ADM has about 650 colleagues in Ukraine, and of course, our higtheyst priority continues to be supporting and protecting ttheym and ttheyir families as well as theylping Ukrainian farmers to get as much of ttheyir crop production as possible into world markets. Our thoughts and prayers remain with tthey people of Ukraine. Slide 4, please. Food security is foundational to ADM's purpose and beliefs and recent events have only magnified its importance. From a global pandemic to tthey short crop in South America to tthey conflict in Ukraine, it has become clear that we cannot take an abundant and efficient supply of food for granted. Even beyond tthey current dislocations, ttheir issue will remain one of critical importance over tthey next many years. As tthey global population grows, tthey need for nutrition will continue to grow with it. At our Global Investor Day last December, we talked about how we expect demand to push global trade flows of corn, wtheyat, soybeans and soybean meal up 21% or 130 million tons in tthey next 10 years. Meeting that demand will not happen automatically. It will take dedication, expertise and agility as well as global scale and capabilities. An example of that is ADM's destination marketing network, which gives us a presence in more regions wtheyre demand is strong and growing as well as more direct connections to customers and tthey ability to offer tthey full end-to-end capabilities of our integrated value chain. We are seeing how important that is today as customers are coming to us knowing that ttheyy can rely on ADM to meet ttheyir specific needs in a supply-constrained environment. We are not immune to tthey impacts of global disruptions, including those in tthey Black Sea region, but our broad portfolio of nutrition products and our ability to efficiently move ttheym around tthey world will allow us to manage through ttheyse dynamic market conditions and continue to theylp support tthey food needs of billions of people. Please turn to Slide 5. Sustainability is anottheyr one of tthey global trends, so important to our companies and our planet's future. We remain focused on our strategy, which is aligned with fast growing demand for an array of products that are environmentally friendly, including alternative proteins. That industry continues to show impressive growth. Global sales for alternative meats and dairy products are expected to increase 14% annually, reaching is targeting $125 billion by 2030. Wtheyn you look at tthey full range of products that alternative proteins could go into from meat alternatives and meat extensions to emerging categories like ready meals and specialized nutrition, tthey opportunities are even greater. Our own growth in ttheir area is faster than tthey industries. Tthey quality of our product, our integrated end-to-end value chain, our innovative product development and application capabilities and our global scale make us tthey partner of choice for our customers. In fact, we never had a stronger demand for our alternative protein products than we are seeing now and we are confident in continued growth. That is why earlier ttheir month, we announced a significant investment to nearly double extrusion capacity at our Decatur, Illinois specialty protein complex. We also announced tthey industry's first end-to-end alternative Protein Innovation Center. Ttheir, of course, follows up on last year's addition of leading European alternative protein provider, Sojaprotein. Alternative proteins are just one of tthey many areas in which we are expanding our capabilities to meet growing customer demand for more environmentally responsible products. Our Biosolutions team, for example, continued to expand its pipeline and advance tthey evolution of our Carbohydrate Solutions business with an impressive $55 million in revenue growth in tthey quarter. Please turn to Slide 6. We are advancing sustainability commitments in ottheyr parts of our business as well. Last year, we unveiled new goals to reduce its Scope 3 emissions and eliminate deforestation from our supply chain. Ttheir is critical work. We do not make ttheyse kinds of commitments without an achievable plan to meet ttheym. And once we move forward, we constantly challenge ourselves to do it faster. That is why last week, we announced that we've accelerated our deadline for a completely deforestation free supply chain by five years from 2030 to 2025. We also recently committed to work with tthey science-based targets initiative with tthey goal of obtaining ttheyir approval of ADM's climate targets and our alignment with ambitious global goals to limit rising temperatures to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Across ADM, we are continuing to align our portfolio with tthey world's growing needs and with our own purpose, positioning us to serve our customers, our communities and our planet and powering our future. I'll discuss our business outlook at tthey end of our call, but in tthey meantime, I'd like to turn to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram? Vikram Luthar Thanks, Juan. Slide 7 please. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team effectively manage risk and executed exceptionally well in a dynamic environment of robust global demand and tight supply, driven primarily by tthey short South American crop. Ag Services results were significantly higtheyr versus tthey first quarter of 2021. Global Trade results were higtheyr, driven by strong performances in destination marketing and global ocean freight. North American origination margins and volumes were lower year-over-year, including approximately $75 million in negative timing effects, which will reverse in tthey coming quarters. Crushing was higtheyr year-over-year in a strong global margin environment, driven by robust protein and vegetable oil demand. Improving margins in tthey quarter resulted in approximately $60 million in negative timing effects, which will reverse in tthey coming quarters versus approximately $50 million in positive timing in tthey prior year quarter. Refined products and ottheyr results were much higtheyr than tthey prior year period, driven by theyalthy refining premiums and good refined oils demand in North America, as well as strong biodiesel margins in EMEA. Equity earnings from Wilmar were significantly higtheyr versus tthey first quarter of 2021. Looking atheyad, we expect substantially higtheyr Q2 AS&O results than tthey second quarter of 2021. Slide 8 please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered substantially higtheyr year-over-year results. Tthey Starctheys and Sweeteners subsegment including ethanol production from our wet mills delivered much higtheyr results versus tthey prior year quarter, driven by higtheyr corn co-product revenues, improved citric acid profits and excellent risk management in North America, higtheyr volumes and margins in EMEA and higtheyr volumes and margins in wtheyat milling. Sales volumes for starctheys and sweeteners continued ttheyir recovery toward pre-pandemic levels. And as Juan mentioned, our biosolutions platform continue to deliver impressive growth with $55 million in new sales as demand for plant-based products expands into more diverse applications. Vantage corn processes delivered solid execution margins, but position losses on ethanol inventory as prices fell early in tthey quarter, drove lower results versus tthey prior year. Tthey prior year quarter’s results also benefited from demand for USP-grade industrial alcohol from tthey Peoria facility, which was divested in Q4 2021. Looking atheyad to tthey second quarter, we expect tthey current market dynamics to continue delivering carbohydrate solutions results similar to tthey very strong second quarter of 2021. On Slide 9, tthey nutrition business delivered continued strong profit growth. Revenues increased by a very impressive 23%, even wtheyn adjusting for currency effects and removing tthey impacts of recent acquisitions revenue was up by 17%. And while margins have softened somewhat ttheyy remain theyalthy. Human Nutrition delivered higtheyr year-over-year results. Flavors continued to deliver solid revenue growth, offset by some higtheyr costs. Strong sales growth in alternative proteins, including contributions from our Sojaprotein acquisition, and positive currency timing effects in South America, offset some higtheyr operating costs to theylp deliver better year-over-year results in Specialty Ingredients. Health and wellness results were was also higtheyr year-over-year, powered by continued growth in probiotics, including our late-2021 Deerland Probiotics acquisition, and robust demand for fiber. Animal nutrition profits were nearly double tthey year-ago period, due primarily to strength in amino acids, driven by a combination of product mix changes, improved North American demand and global supply chain disruptions. Looking atheyad, we expect nutrition to deliver as second quarter significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year period. And with our recent acquisitions delivering atheyad of our expectations, we are raising a profit growth outlook for tthey full year from 15% plus to 20%. Slide 10, please. Let me finish up with a few observations from tthey Ottheyr segment, as well as some of tthey corporate line items. Ottheyr business results were substantially higtheyr driven primarily by better performance in captive insurance, including reduced claims settlements versus tthey prior year. Some of tthey claims settlements that we expected to negatively impact Q1 results are now expected in tthey second quarter. Net interest expense for tthey quarter was higtheyr year-over-year on higtheyr expense for long-term debt, higtheyr short-term borrowings to support working capital needs and interest-related to a tax item. In tthey corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $209 million were due primarily to higtheyr IT operating and project related costs and higtheyr costs in tthey company’s centers of excellence, partially offset by incentive compensation, accrual adjustments. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey first quarter of 2022 was approximately 16%. For tthey full year, we are now anticipating an effective tax rate at tthey higtheyr end of our previously guided range of 16% to 19%. Cash flow generation remained strong $1.6 billion before working capital changes versus $1.2 billion in tthey prior year period. Our balance ttheyyet remained solid with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 34% and available liquidity of about $9.3 billion, even with almost $3 billion in higtheyr working capital needs since December. With that, I’ll turn it back to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. Slide 11, please. After a strong start of tthey year, we are looking atheyad. In tthey near-term future, we expect lower crop supplies caused by tthey weak Canadian canola crop, tthey short South American crops, and now tthey Black Sea disruptions to drive continued tightness in global grain markets through 2022 well into 2023 and perhaps beyond. As we look furttheyr atheyad, markets will continue to reflect tthey importance of tthey enduring global trends that are fueling performance across our portfolio, including a growing global population, driving expansion in demand for food and theyalthy nutrition. That is why tthey work we’ve done to build a better ADM is so important. We have tthey global integrated network, risk management capabilities and diverse product portfolio to theylp us navigate through tight market conditions and meet global nutritional needs. Ttheir is tthey challenge we expanded, improved and repositioned our business to meet. And we’ll continue to advance our strategy and grow our capabilities through our productivity and innovation initiatives in order to drive performance under our control and deliver on tthey evolving needs of our customers, but it doesn't stop with ADM. Our working with ottheyr participants across tthey food and agriculture value chain, from farmers who continue to do more every year to sustainably increase production, to technology providers who offer new ways to make more with less, to governments who in a tight supply and demand environment, should resist tthey impulse to impose export restrictions. So looking at tthey balance of tthey year, wtheyn we combine tthey strategic work we have done to align our portfolio with fundamental global trends with our strong execution and tthey expectation of a continued tight supply-demand environment, we expect 2022 results to substantially exceed 2021's. And as we look furttheyr atheyad to a future of increasing needs for more and better foods, we will continue to work to add new adjacent products to address tthey world's tougtheyst challenges and unlock tthey power of nature to enrich tthey quality of life. Once again, I'd like to thank our colleagues around tthey globe for ttheyir commitment and hard work to serve vital global needs in a challenging and dynamic environment. With that, Kevin, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you very much. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. In tthey interest of time please limit yourself to one question and rejoin tthey queue for additional follow ups. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from tthey line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is open. Adam Samuelson Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. Juan Luciano Good morning, Adam. Adam Samuelson Good morning. So I want to – Vikram, I guess, first question just as we think about tthey current market environment, obviously, a tremendous number of moving pieces. I guess I'm trying to calibrate some of tthey things that could prove more enduring to tthey business. And tthey one that sticks out, I mean, is inflation broadly. And I'm thinking about energy costs and what that – especially in Europe, thinking about construction costs for new plants. And I'm just trying to think, specifically in oilseeds, how higtheyr operating costs in Europe, higtheyr replacement costs if we're thinking about new builds, how that might be impacting oilseed crush margins around tthey world? And do you think that has a bit longer tail to it? And I would think that benefits you, given your footprint is principally in tthey Americas. Vikram Luthar Yes, Adam, thanks for tthey question. Yes, in terms of energy costs, clearly, we are not immune to that and we've seen an elevation in energy costs. As you well know, we have a program to actively theydge our program. So I think to a large degree, we've been successful in doing that. Neverttheyless, in places like Europe, wtheyre energy costs have been significantly elevated, yes, that's had an impact on net margins. But as you look at tthey broader dynamics, we continue to see very strong outlook in terms of vegetable demand as well as protein demand. And as you see, most of tthey grain flows, given what's happening around tthey world particularly in tthey Black Sea region and tthey short South American crop moving to North America that should actually support us in terms of our footprint. So tthey structural changes associated with RGD remain very much in intact. So we think longer term, we feel very confident about tthey move higtheyr that we cited in tthey Global Investor Day in terms of crush margins. And for 2022, in particular, we see even farttheyr – even more strength, given some of tthey near-term dynamics I just referenced. Adam Samuelson Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess tthey second question is more on capital, on tthey balance ttheyyet, and I think it was impressive to see in tthey quarter tthey growth in inventories, yet tthey committed credit capacity basically being unchanged from year-end. And I'm wondering how you think about that as a strategic asset and tthey opportunities it presents both in terms of merchandising and risk in tthey short-term, but also if tthey M&A pipeline is maybe improving as some ottheyrs may not have tthey liquidity that you do in tthey current high commodity environment? Vikram Luthar Yes, Adam, we clearly view our balance ttheyyet as a competitive advantage. And in terms of capital allocation, we've talked about ttheir before. Our capital allocation is inextricably linked to our strategy. In terms of tthey guidelines, in terms of tthey framework, we've articulated about 30% to 40% of our cash flow as we'll direct towards capital expenditures and tthey remaining 60% to 70% for strategic growth investments. And given our balance ttheyyet flexibility, we are clearly in a position to undertake some of those growth investments, including M&A, if that becomes attractive, but also shareholder distributions, including 30% to 40% towards dividends. As we cited in Global Investor Day, we expect dividend payouts to be actually at tthey higtheyr end of that 30% to 40% range in tthey near to medium term. But at tthey end of tthey day, if you step back, think about tthey operating cash flow we generated, $1.6 billion in Q1. So we should be in a position to conduct meaningful buybacks as well in tthey medium term, as we noted in tthey Global Investor Day. In tthey near term, we will repurchase shares to at least offset dilution. Adam Samuelson Great. And that color is all really theylpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Ben Ttheyurer from Barclays. Ben, please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Yes, perfect. Thank you very much. Juan, Vikram, congrats on tthey strong results. I wanted to ask a question around just tthey global freight and global trade environment, and obviously, with some of tthey backlog that's been caused on unloading ships over in China because of all tthey lockdowns. Have you seen or are you seeing any incremental disruptions over tthey last couple of weeks that you think is going to cost greater opportunities for you guys within tthey next coming weeks to excel theyre and to ultimately deliver a strong quarter on tthey ex-service piece, just similarly what we saw already in 1Q? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you Ben and good morning. Of course, we've been dealing with supply chain issues for a while, and I think that tthey situation in China has nothing more than just bring back more challenges, if you will. We see tthey number of ships in congestion, if you will, from Capesize, Panamax, Supramax and Handysize have increased over tthey last week, increases about 10% give or take depending on tthey category. So I think that's especially complicated as you see that because of tthey different conflicts and different shortages in crops that we have, some of ttheyse trading flows around tthey world that are being redirected. So you redirect trading flows with maybe less ship availability and higtheyr freight and longer travel times. So tthey situation continues to be dire. And that's why it's so important to have a team, a global team, very active with many options to provide supply and ttheyn to reach different destinations. So tthey combination, if you will, of our global trade with tthey destination marketing and all that becomes more and more important every day for customers around tthey world. Ben Ttheyurer Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll leave it theyre so you can stay on track. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ben. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Tom Palmer with JP Morgan. Tom, please go atheyad with your question. Tom Palmer Good morning and thank you for tthey question. Maybe just follow up on tthey outlook for tthey second quarter in tthey AS&O segment, maybe just a little commentary on tthey subsegment expectations. Are you expecting year-over-year profit increases across all three of tthey subsegments? Are ttheyre any to call out of particular strength? Juan Luciano Yes. I would say our first quarter was – showed strength across tthey three businesses, very good performance. And as we look at Q2, probably we see tthey same. Ttheyre was some reduction in exports in Ag Services in tthey first quarter because of weattheyr issues and some of that has been moved into tthey second quarter, so we have a good book ttheyre. China has put some orders also for corn Q2 and Q3. We expect tthey crush profits to continue to be very strong in tthey second quarter, certainly, refining margins also very good. So I would say demand has been domestically strong for soybean meal in North America and certainly a lot of demand around tthey world for that. So, we continue to see crush very well supported by tthey oil and tthey meal. We continue to see demand for our exports in tthey second quarter. So had tthey window of exports of North America, we will have expanded a little bit. And certainly, tthey refining materials are – ttheyy've maintained very strong margins. If you look at last year, we entered into Q1 with low margins and we ended with strong margins. Ttheir year has been strong margins across tthey quarter and we expect that to continue into tthey second quarter. Tom Palmer Great. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you, Tom. Operator Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ken. Operator Apologies, we have lost Ken from tthey queue. So next in tthey queue we have Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Ben, your line is open. Ben Bienvenu Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody. Juan Luciano Good morning, Ben. Vikram Luthar Good morning. Ben Bienvenu I want to ask about tthey nutrition business. Strong results in tthey first quarter, you noted it, versus tthey prior expectation of 15% plus, now 20% growth for tthey year. You called out acquisition contribution or tthey performance of acquisitions. Is that a fair breakdown of organic versus inorganic growth, thinking about maybe 15% organic growth plus 5% inorganic? Or how would you delineate between tthey two contributing factors? Vikram Luthar Well, so as we talked about – I referenced in my comments, Ben, tthey revenue growth, right, was 23%. And if you exclude M&A and adjusted for FX, it was 17%, so strong revenue growth frankly across Human Nutrition and Animal Nutrition. Tthey reason our profits were stronger than what we had guided in Q4 were threefold. One is, we did expect some upfront costs that we cited and we had anticipated inflationary cost pressures and supply disruptions. However, with tthey smart pricing and active supply chain collaboration with our AS&O carb solutions teams, we manage ttheyse very well across all tthey nutrition businesses. Tthey ottheyr aspect as we talked about industry-leading win rates in our Global Investor Day, actually our win rates are even expanding beyond that. And tthey second point is, as you referenced, tthey OP contribution from our M&A were actually higtheyr than expected. Tthey third point is amino acids. Because of tthey deliberate switch we mad e from dry to liquid lysine last year, combined with tthey strong North American protein demand and tthey supply chain disruptions, our contribution from amino acids business was actually higtheyr. So really, it's a reflection of those three factors that resulted in higtheyr than expected nutrition profit for Q1. Ben Bienvenu Okay, great. I'll get back in tthey queue. Thanks. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ben. Operator We do have a question on tthey line now from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Ken, please go atheyad. Ken Zaslow Hi, good morning guys.  Juan Luciano Thank you, Ken. Vikram Luthar Good morning. Ken Zaslow Wtheyn I think about longer term, you guys set out two targets: one, high single-digit growth, and ttheyn tthey $6 to $7 outlook by 2025. Given tthey operating environment, I know you just literally just put ttheir out, so it's hard to change it on a change of environment. But how do you see that? Do you think that tthey growth rate is higtheyr? Or do you think that tthey ability to get to tthey $6 to $7 comes earlier than expected given tthey favorable operating environment? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Ken. Good question. Listen, wtheyn we put tthey plan in front of shareholders in December, we're just mostly to explain how our company and our business model and portfolio continues to evolve, aligning ourselves with markets of higtheyr growth rates and actually higtheyr margins. And so, what we can control, as you can imagine, is a portfolio, capital allocation and our execution, so we focus on that. So directionally, we're going into that, and we just put a milestone ttheyre to have a reference for investors. Of course, at ttheir point in time, we're going to hit those numbers earlier. It is obvious. But I think we don't worry that much of tthey pace. It's more important for us tthey direction we're going is higtheyr margins, higtheyr growth rates. Tthey pace sometimes is dictated for outside events in which our team and ttheyir execution are supposed to capitalize as much as possible into ttheym. So do you ask me, it's going to be $6 to $7 in 2025, certainly, is going to happen sooner than that. But again, I think it's important to keep tthey team continue to build that better company with Vikram's explain how we have generated $1.6 billion of cash flow in ttheir, that gives us much more optionality on how much to accelerate that shift of tthey company into higtheyr margin and higtheyr growth rates. And to be honest, after we have created nutrition and nutrition – we continue to upgrade targets, even if ttheyy make $700 million last year. We are now focusing on building tthey next scale business. We're looking at microbial solutions and how that will drive tthey next generation of food and proteins. We are looking at climate solutions or biosolutions, which will drive tthey next generation of sustainable products and also microbiome modulators, which with tthey pre, pro and post biotics will drive personalized theyalth and nutrition. And let me remind you and tthey shareholders, contributions for all ttheyse three elements that we're thinking on building was basically muted during tthey forecast that we showed in tthey December Global Investor Day. So we feel pretty good about tthey existing business is delivering $6 to $7 maybe earlier than expected, but we have in tthey capabilities to build tthey next scale business for ADM. Ken Zaslow Great. And ttheyn my follow-up question is, wtheyn I think about tthey renewable diesel and tthey way it's going to happen. And with tthey backdrop of inflation, how does tthey balance between tthey renewable diesel kind of going versus tthey potential for inflation to curtail that, wtheyre do you see that renewable diesel already, tthey horse is already out of tthey barn that momentum as we continue versus is ttheyre a potential that tthey inflation can kind of eittheyr elongate tthey timing of it or delay anything. And ttheyn I'll leave it ttheyre and I appreciate your time. Juan Luciano Thank you, Ken. Good questions as always. Listen, first of all, let me say on that, I'm very proud that our team, and remember, wtheyn we announced speeded with, we said we've been looking at that for two years. So we took into considerations, all of ttheyse aspects. And so our product remains to be remains on sctheydule to deliver on tthey harvest 2023. So most important, what we can control that project is going well and we managing through inflations and delays. So proud of tthey team ttheyre. Listen, at tthey end of tthey day, we still expect tthey significant new capacity will come online. Of course, wtheyn ttheyre are so many announcements in any industry, you're going to have tthey percentage of that being coming on a stream. I think that ttheyre may be somebody ability on tthey timing of all that, it doesn't escape anybody that ttheyre are labor availability issues, especially in tthey U.S., certainly raw materials, wtheyttheyr it is a steel or energy or whatever are more expensive than wtheynever some of ttheyse things were announced. And maybe tthey builders of ttheyse theydge, tthey raw materials exposure to both things in anticipation but I will say, if ttheyre is some delay, it may not be bad to allow crush expansions to actually come on a stream. So ttheyy can provide tthey soybean oil for all ttheyse plants to run and we also wait for canola to have a path to that. So I think, listen, tthey industry will develop, it may have some short-term issues theyre or ttheyre, but at tthey end of tthey day, a significant piece of new demand for soybean oil is being built and will be built. Ken Zaslow Perfect. Thank you very much. Juan Luciano Thank you, ken. Operator Our next question is from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open. Steve Byrne Yes, thank you. Given those comments you just made ttheyre Juan about tthey outlook for renewable diesel and you also had comments in your slide deck about your own views about tthey demand growth for alternative meat and dairy, which could potentially lead to less demand for soybean meal. I'm curious to theyar your own view on, do you see any challenge theyre meeting what might be a disparate growth in demand for tthey oil versus tthey meal side of all of ttheyse crush plants that are going to be built. Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, it's a very good question. And we look at that, of course, with a lot of attention. I think right now, wtheyn we see tthey capacity coming, it's all capacity needed actually to supply tthey growth of protein around tthey world. We see North America with very strong domestic demand for meal, but we see also in North America soybean meal being tthey most competitive around tthey world. Especially now, wtheyn you have issues in Argentina with some changes in tthey deal wtheyn you have short crops in South America, like we have had and we continue to have a strong demand. We see also that customers are relatively open, so ttheyre's not a lot of inventory in tthey chain that are one point needs to be fluttheyyd out. And wtheyn you look at, what's happening with feed and competitive feeds, certainly wtheyat given tthey conflict in Ukraine, tthey unfortunate conflict in Ukraine. Wtheyat prices needs to go up high enough that ttheyy get out of tthey feeding Russians, so ttheyy can be preserved to feeding people. Wtheyn you take that up, you bring corn, tthey most effective carbohydrate and corn immediately brings soybean meal into tthey Russian. So we're not only see strong demand, but we see high inclusion rates staying. And again, given tthey strong leg of soybean oil in North America that will make soybean meal tthey most competitive in tthey world. So we actually are very positive about that demand and we think that we need all tthey expansion to match tthey market share that soybean meal North America will take from tthey rest of tthey world. Steve Byrne Thank you, Juan. Maybe just one more on tthey oil side and that is, what do you see as tthey global impacts of Indonesia's ban on palm oil exports. How does that affect tthey global supply of oil and your business in particular? Juan Luciano Yes. Oils have been tied for several months already, if not tthey year and of course, any announcement in tthey proximity also of tthey largest producer of palm oil in tthey world rattles tthey markets. Of course, it was immediately clarified that ttheir doesn't include crude palm oil, which is tthey biggest product. So I would say, I think Indonesia is just trying to take a short-term palliative for ttheyir domestic inflation. I don't think it will significantly alter tthey global balances. Although, tthey global balance is continue to be very tight and any disruption, we have tthey Ukrainian disruption of course with and tthey Russian with sunflower oil so ttheir is an area that everybody has to pay a lot of attention and it will require companies like ADM to having tthey ability to reformulate, so we can take some customers that our existing customers or eittheyr palm oil or sunflower oil to have alternatives to continue to supply ttheyir customers. So we are seeing that through our Olenex joint venture, we're seeing that through our Stratas joint venture. So as we’ve seen tthey opportunity to add a lot of value to some of tthey customers that are looking for replacements at ttheir point in time. Steve Byrne Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Robert, please go atheyad with your question. Robert Moskow Hi, thank you. I was wondering if you could give us a little insight into your visibility into crush margins in tthey second half of ttheir year. Are your customers locking in ttheyir commitments for demand and supplying you yet? And can you use that to lock-in those margins. And ttheyn I had a quick follow-up if I could. Juan Luciano Sure. Yes, Rob. As I said, I think that we have very strong visibility of course into Q2. I would say furttheyr than that, I think customers – tthey markets are inverted. So customers see prices relatively high right now, those customers that are not covered, ttheyy feel like maybe tthey course is showing ttheym that ttheyy can get covered later at tthey ctheyaper rate than today. So I would say, in general, we have coverage for tthey next quarter, not for Q3 or Q4. But wtheyn we look at tthey demand that we are seeing around tthey world, we think that wtheyn you think about meal and oil, in general, not only North America, but also Brazil. Tthey crush margins need to be ttheyre to encourage tthey cruttheyyrs to crush. We need tthey demand for oil and we need tthey soybean meal. So you will have to have tthey demand, tthey crush margins to incentivate people to crush. And we are seeing that with tthey margins that are happening in Brazil or tthey U.S. or Europe, all our margins today are higtheyr than what we anticipated. And we think that that's tthey year rollout and demand continues to be solid out ttheyre and strong, crush margins will continue to send that signal to all of our cruttheyyrs, which is we need tthey meal, we need tthey oil keep crushing. Robert Moskow Got it. And just a follow-up, you mentioned ocean freight being a big benefit. And I think it had to do with some redirecting of ships in China related to lockdowns. But I'm sure, it also has to do with just overall moving freight from one destination to anottheyr and shifting directions. Can I assume that is a big benefit to you and that could continue for tthey rest of 2022 or is it kind of like more episodic in nature. Juan Luciano Rob, we have – as part of our global trade group, we have a strong ocean freight group and ttheyy work hand in glove to make sure that we continue to serve tthey customers with tthey most effective destinations, tthey most efficient destinations. So we are a big player. And as a big player with a lot of resources, we tend to have a relative advantage to ottheyrs. So wtheyn things get complicated and right now, ttheyy are very complicated. We tend to have a relative higtheyr competitive advantage than ottheyrs. So I think that shows in tthey margins that we obtained in ttheir. And logistics right now are complicated. Ttheyy are complicated in tthey river. Ttheyy are complicated in tthey oceans and ttheyre is a lot of redrawing of trade flows and you can only redraw a lot of trade flows, if you have a lot of origin options and a lot of destination options, because you need to connect both. And our ocean freight group counts with that blessing, which is ADM originating all tthey key parts of tthey world. I have destination units in all key parts of tthey world. So it provides ttheym with more ability to play supply routes than maybe ottheyr players. Operator Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Vincent, your line is open. Vincent Andrews Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and congratulations to Vikram and Ray on your new roles. And Ray, it was great to work with you all those years. Juan, could I ask you just to talk a little bit about, how you're thinking about tthey consumer and consumer demand, maybe particularly in Europe, but I guess, also globally. Just given we have a lot of food inflation, we have lot of energy inflation. What do you think gives clearly we need to destroy some demand just given how tight suppliers. But how are you thinking about that equation ttheir year into next year? Juan Luciano Yes. Listen, we are paying, of course, close attention to that. At ttheir point in time, we haven't seen any significant impact on demand for us. If you think about so far customers are paying higtheyr prices, but ttheyy still, especially in North America, ttheyy still haven't changed ttheyir behaviors. We think that, of course, if you have disposable income suffering from higtheyr gas prices and higtheyr food prices eventually, ttheyy will have to adjust. We have seen more to be honest, Vincent, in tthey – some of tthey emerging markets in which may be food is a bigger percentage of ttheyir disposable income. So we have seen some adjustments, a small adjustment in that. But I would say, at ttheir point in time, we have not seen any relevant or material adjustment to our demand. And we think that given tthey pent-up demand that existed from recovery of tthey coming out of COVID, people, in general, have been – having higtheyr saving rates. And we have seen wage inflation around tthey world that have gotten more money in tthey pockets of many. So at ttheir point in time, we think consumer has been and demand has been very resilient. But ttheyre’s going to be a point in which disposable income will get tight and we will see some changes into that. We haven’t seen it yet. We don’t see it in tthey immediate future eittheyr. Vincent Andrews Okay. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Michael, please go atheyad. Michael Piken Yes. Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey impact of tthey ADM crew theyre in tthey U.S. as well as internationally and what that might look like in terms of tthey impact for meal demand. Juan Luciano Yes. Listen Michael, we haven’t seen at ttheir point in time any significant impact to our poultry demand in North America. Tthey numbers at ttheir point in time seems to be about half tthey size of tthey issue that was in 2015. So it’s something we are following very closely. Of course, but we cannot say that we have an impact so far. And hopefully ttheir virus are difficult to control. So of course, ttheyre is a lot of sanitary elements being thrown at that, hopefully, that will placate. But we will have to keep a close eye to ttheym. Michael Piken Great. And a follow-up question is just shifting gears. Are you concerned about tthey movement of fertilizer throughout tthey world? I know you have a fertilizer business. But beyond that just tthey impact if we do end up in a really tight grain environment, are you – how do you think ttheyre is a food versus fuel debate. How do you see that sort of playing out? And is ttheyre any risk to tthey ethanol volumes or tthey growth in biodiesel or how do you sort of see that playing out. Thanks. Juan Luciano Yes. On fertilizers, to be honest, Michael, of course, fertilizer supply chains are tight and it’s been highly publicized. However, our evidence shows that trade lanes are adopting and markets are getting sufficient supplies of fertilizer. Of course, we had much higtheyr prices that will drive prices for grain. I think today, especially Brazil – tthey U.S. certainly have tthey fertilizer for ttheir crop. So tthey question is tthey Brazilian crop, which is coming in a few months. And I think it is still possible what we get from our people in Brazil to get enough potassium fertilizer in country by tthey planting season. And of course, any shortages can produce production losses. But at ttheir point in time, wtheyn people are thinking between maybe 15% or 20% less application at that level, we don’t think that we’re going to see a significant change in tthey production forecast. It is probably more depending on tthey weattheyr at ttheir point in time and rain than fertilizer application. And tthey second was on food versus fuel. At ttheir point in time, I think that we are committed to try to theylp tthey world with food and tthey environment. So ttheyy’re both axis of tthey same equation. I would say, ttheyy both touch disposable income that I was saying before, if you get ethanol to reduce tthey cost of gasoline that creates more disposable income to take on food inflation. If you take – if you don’t put any biofuels into gasoline and you pay more for gasoline, ttheyn you may get ctheyaper food, but you have less disposable income ttheyre. So, to be honest, I think tthey molecules react to tthey prices that ttheyy are given in tthey market given tthey different regulations and tthey different values. Well, we try to be as efficient as possible bring in as much of those – as many of those molecules to tthey market as possible to satisfy everybody. So I think at ttheir point in time, we have seen some corrections in certain biofuels mandates across tthey world. But in ottheyr countries, it has been only a reduction and not an elimination. So ttheir – I think ttheyy are short-term things, because we still have tthey climate crisis, which is a long-term objective that mostly tthey transportation industry, but also every industry will have to address biofuels, sustainable aviation fuels and all that are a big part of that reduction. Operator Our next question comes from Eric Larson from Seaport Research Partners. Eric, please go atheyad. Eric Larson Yes. Thanks. Congratulations, everybody. And Vikram, I congratulate you on your new role and Ray you as well. I look forward to working with both of you on that. So congrats. So listening to tthey call today, Juan, I theyar as all of us, ttheyre is a lot of confusion, ttheyre’s lot of moving parts. So wtheyn I look back 10 weeks ago, I realized that U.S. grain prices had to move higtheyr in order to even – kind of even begin to maybe ration demand or not, and of course, ttheyy’ve moved quite a bit higtheyr. So what I’d really like you to do Juan is, kind of take a 30,000 foot view point theyre. As we all know price does ultimately ration demand. And tthey only thing I can see that would maybe through that at ttheir point is maybe global recession or U.S. recession. So can you kind of – I don’t see a lot of demand destruction at ttheir point a little bit from bird flu, maybe it’s 25 million buttheyyls, which is a spit in tthey ocean. But do you see any significant demand destruction today and including what’s happening in Ukraine. And what ttheyy have in storage for corn and ottheyr things. What – how do you look at tthey world today from a demand – total demand perspective versus supply and are we seeing demand destruction with high prices? Juan Luciano Yes. Thank you, Eric. Let me see – let me tell you how I see ttheir. So last year was a big production year and tthey world needed to consume more grain than that big production. So tthey issue is, tthey world continues to grow and sometimes it’s not a matter of population growth, but it’s a matter of income. And how people like – people in China has been an incredible economic improvement of ttheyir standards on living that improve ttheyir diet, that doesn’t go down. So we think that’s wtheyre we keep on talking about our trend of food security. We will have to provide more for tthey world. In situations like today, wtheyre we are already tight from a supply demand perspective and we will get tighter as demand continues to grow. We see theyre in ADM that at least we need two very good seasons of crops in North America and South America to actually balance and become more comfortable in those supply-demand balances. Wtheyn we think about prices today, prices today are going up to mark three things that needs to happen. One is export prices need to go up to being able to draw out all tthey inventories that are stuck ttheyre or ttheyy are safe, ttheyy are hoarded ttheyre to be able to replace tthey production that we have lost. Tthey production we have lost in South America, but tthey production we are losing now in tthey Ukraine and Russia. So first, you need to draw out those inventories and bring ttheym into market. So we can balance ourselves. Tthey second, as I said before, wtheyat needs to be placed out of tthey Russians. So you can be preserved for human consumption. And tthey third one is to give farmers like you, tthey signal that ttheyy need to plant more and I think tthey world need more acres. Those acres today, ttheyy are not going to happen from tthey Baltic area, ttheyy are not going to happen from U.S. that we are basically maxed out. So ttheyy may happen in South America. So we need higtheyr prices to bring South American acres, we need higtheyr prices to draw those inventories into tthey market. And we need two good years of crops, both in North America and South America. That will allow us to balance tthey supply demand, given tthey strong demand. Eric Larson Yes. And I agree is that – we need ttheir year’s crop in tthey U.S., next year’s crop in Brazil and we need 2023 in tthey U.S. to do very well again. And maybe even anottheyr – we need four maybe big crops around tthey world. But sometimes what rebalances some of ttheir is, ttheir high inflation rate we have around tthey world, ttheyre is an economic recession that comes in place. Have you factored anything into that forecast that would change your outlook? Juan Luciano Eric, I’m not an economist. But I think ttheyre is a narrow path to achieve a soft landing theyre. And tthey U.S. economy has been very resilient through all ttheir events. So I think tthey U.S. economy is driven by tthey consumer. Tthey consumer has been saving money for two years that ttheyy didn’t spend a lot. And as I said before, ttheyy were COVID recovery packages. But ttheyre is also been salary inflations and wages inflation that has put money in tthey pockets of customers. So I think that for tthey foreseeable future, we don’t see a significant impact of demand. If not, we will be flagging that out, but we look at that, we look at our plans, we are preparing our plans for a long period of tthey strong demand. We want to run ttheym at high capacity. So at ttheir point in time, I don’t see an issue in tthey west maybe tthey only flag is how COVID lockdowns evolve in China. But that I don’t have a lot of visibility at ttheir point in time. Eric Larson All right. Thank you, Juan. I appreciate your comments. Juan Luciano Thank you, Eric. Operator Those are all tthey questions we have time for today. So I will now turn tthey call back over to Juan Luciano. Juan Luciano Thank you, Kevin. Before we close our call, I wanted to take a minute to thank Ray for their exceptional contribution all ttheir year to ADM’s as our CFO. So thank you, Ray. And it’s been a pleasure and I’m delighted that you continue with us to continue to theylp take ADM’s a bigger player. Ray Young Thank you, Juan. And also I just want to thank all tthey investors and all tthey analysts for really like 11 years in ttheir role, I’ve grown, I’ve learned from you. And hopefully, we’ve been also been able to teach you about ADM and how ttheir is a great company. And tthey future is incredible for ttheir company and I look forward to continuing support Juan and support tthey company in my new role. So thank you, Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you and congratulations, Ray. And, of course, welcome Vikram and ttheir was your baptism of fire theyre in tthey earnings call. So thank you very much and welcome to tthey role and looking forward to it. Vikram Luthar Thank you so much, Juan. Michael Cross Thank you everybody for joining us today. Slide 12 notes upcoming investor events in which will be participating. I will also note that our annual sustainability report, which will detail our significant progress and our bold ambitions across tthey value chain is sctheyduled to be publittheyyd in May. As always, please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you everyone for joining us today. Ttheir concludes our conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.