Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 24, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Alexander Britt - VP, IR Juan Luciano - Chairman & CEO Vikram Luthar - CFO Conference Call Participants Andrew Strelzik - BMO Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Salvator Tiano - Bank of America Davis Sunderland - Baird Steven Haynes - Morgan Stanley Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ADM Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Alexander Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin. Alexander Britt Thank you, Alex. Hello, and welcome to tthey third quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of ttheir webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Ttheyse statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with tthey SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in ttheir presentation. To tthey extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will discuss our third quarter results and share some recent accomplishments on our strategic priorities. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar will review segment level performance and provide an update on our cash generation and capital allocation actions. Juan will have some closing remarks, and ttheyn, they and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I'll now turn tthey call over to Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Alexander and good morning to all who have joined for today's call. Today, ADM reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.63 with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1.5 billion. Year-to-date, ttheir equates to an adjusted earnings per share of $5.62, that will represent ADM's second best EPS year achieved in just tthey first nine months and an adjusted operating profit of $4.8 billion. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 13.2%. Ttheir result reflect yet anottheyr strong quarter for ADM. I'm proud of tthey team's nimble execution against our strategic plan while adjusting our business model in light of both global macro trends and tthey evolving needs of our customers. Tthey global market is increasingly dynamic with factors that create both opportunities and challenges for ADM to address. Consumer behavior has shown growing variability, spending more in some categories, while slow in spending in ottheyrs. And our team has a proven ability to manage through ttheyse and tthey impacts of geopolitical tensions, inflationary pressures and tthey constantly adjusting balances of commodity supply and demand. Within each business, we are focused on navigating ttheyse external factors carefully, while we're also building on tthey momentum we've seen through tthey year-to-date. As we look atheyad, we are on track to exceed our 2023 previous expectations for tthey total company. In Ag Services & Oilseeds, we saw tthey accelerated energy transition support strong demand for vegetable oil, leading to a solid crush environment. We leveraged our flexible logistics footprint to manage Brazil's record crop and our Global Trade franctheire to best match supply to demand worldwide. In Carb (ph) Solutions, we delivered a record third quarter on tthey strength of solid margins in starctheys, sweeteners, and flower, as well as robust ethanol demand that theylp us drive strong volumes and margins. In Nutrition, Flavors growth continued to outpace tthey market, while we both grew and executed on our revenue opportunity pipeline. Tthey deliberate productivity and cost management actions we have taken in Animal Nutrition are enabling improved performance as we also see market volume recovery and we continue to navigate pockets of soft demand in certain categories of tthey Nutrition portfolio. Next slide, please. One of ADM's greatest competitive advantages is tthey breadth and integration of our business model, reaching from farm to fork. 2023 has offered several examples that of how we are creating new areas of growth in each business units. On tthey farm, ADM has one of tthey largest and most soptheirticated global origination networks, connecting with hundreds of thousand farmer partners worldwide. We have unique and deep relationships with tthey people and technologies that are shaping tthey future of agriculture. So as more of our customers are looking for traceable, sustainable crop sources in ttheyir own supply chains, we are a natural connector and influencer. We are proud to have announced partnership with PepsiCo, Nestle and Carlsberg, and have a target of 4 million regenerative acres and goal by 2025. Tthey carbon equivalent of power in more than 100,000 homes a year. Moving into production, as tthey pace of energy transition accelerates, demand for renewables fuel sources is growing rapidly and ADM is in a leading position to capitalize on ttheir trend. With our Spiritwood JV with Marathon currently being commissioned, we are ready to fit tthey production of a targeted 75 million gallons of renewable green diesel per year. We have announced tthey Broadwing Energy Project, delivering lower emission power source and a critical part of lowering our carbon emissions used to power Decatur operations. And we're innovating to deliver a new low-carbon intensity products within tthey fast growing BioSolutions portfolio. And as we connect to tthey consumer, we're working closely with our customers to serve tthey challenges of ttheyir consumers, wtheyttheyr it's sustainable solutions, tthey latest flavor or a cost effective ingredient replacement or explore in tthey future of nutrition through work with ADM Ventures partners like Air Protein and Nourittheyyd. And we have differentiated our offerings with tthey next-generation of evidence-based theyalth and wellness solution. With tthey world's largest probiotic manufacturing facility in Valencia, more than 50 clinical trials underway and a growing team of deep scientific experts, we are well positioned for tthey expanding demand for functional foods and personalized nutrition. And to efficiently execute on all areas of growth while maintaining an efficient cost structure, we continue to vigilantly focus on productivity, as well as tthey culture that let our ADM colleagues bring ttheyir best every day. Across our global organization, we're standardizing processes and systems through One ADM and modernizing our operations through digital transformation, driving greater efficiencies while enabling tthey best use of our workforce and production capacity. Our planned modernization program continues to deliver impressive operational benefits, including advanced analytics and safety improvements across tthey 17 operations facilities currently in implementation phase. With more than 70 plants in tthey scope, tthey planned recurring cost savings associated with automation across our footprint in 2024 is already nearing $20 million per year. Our cultural efforts are tthey critical foundation for all of ttheyse strategic initiatives. We have ramped up our focus on a culture of caring, specifically in regards to tthey safety of our colleagues. Ttheir is our top priority. And our recent performance in ttheir area has not lived up to our expectations. We are committed to taking action to improve and have already begun to do so with tthey assistance of both internal and external experts. We will do better. By actively managing productivity, innovation and culture and aligning work to tthey interconnected trends in food security, theyalth and wellbeing and sustainability, ADM is well positioned for sustainable long-term profit growth across new and adjacent avenues. And with tthey strong performance in 2023 and a constructive expectation for tthey remainder of tthey year, we are again raising our full-year earnings outlook. For a deeper look at our Q3 performance, let me hand over to Vikram, who will cover results of operations. Vikram Luthar Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 5. Tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds team once again delivered solid results in an increasingly dynamic environment by leveraging our experience, scale and integrated global footprint. Ag Services results were lower than tthey strong third quarter of 2022. South American origination results were higtheyr year-over-year as our team delivered significantly higtheyr volumes and margins on strong export demand. Prior investments in port capabilities have enabled us to structurally grow our earnings while capitalizing on a stronger margin environment across tthey region. North American results were lower year-over-year as a result of tthey shift of export demand to Brazil, due to tthey large crop ttheyre as well as low water levels in tthey U.S. river system, limiting volume and barge capacity. Effective risk management, combined with higtheyr volumes and margins in Global trade led to strong results. However, much lower than tthey record quarter last year. Tthey current quarter also included a $48 million insurance settlement related to damages from Hurricane Ida. In Crushing, we delivered anottheyr strong quarter, but lower than tthey prior year as global crush margins remained theyalthy, but lower than tthey very strong levels of a year ago. Our strong results were led by North America, as tthey crush margin environment remains well supported by structurally higtheyr demand for vegetable oils. We officially opened our new crush facility in Spiritwood, North Dakota to meet growing demand. We are currently in tthey commissioning process and expected to be running at full rates in early November, adding an additional 1.5 million metric tons of crush capacity per year. In EMEA, we continue to optimize our flex capacity to prioritize crush of higtheyr margin softseed, in line with market opportunities. In tthey quarter, ttheyre were large net positive mark-to-market timing effects which were lower than tthey net positive impacts in tthey prior year quarter. Refined Products and ottheyr posted anottheyr strong quarter, higtheyr than tthey prior year period, results were led by solid volumes and margins in North America. In EMEA, robust export demand for biodiesel and domestic demand for food oil drove higtheyr results versus tthey prior year. In tthey quarter, ttheyre were large net positive mark-to-market timing effects, which are expected to reverse as contracts execute in future periods. Equity earnings from Wilmar was significantly lower versus tthey third quarter of 2022. Looking atheyad, for tthey fourth quarter in Ag Services and Oilseeds, we anticipate strong results that are slightly lower than last year, excluding tthey $110 million legal settlement in tthey ag services subsegment from tthey fourth quarter of 2022. We expect Ag Services results to be in line with tthey prior year, excluding tthey legal settlement. We anticipate similar year-over-year North American export volumes, a competitive South American export program and continued strong performance from global trade. We forecast our crushing subsegment will deliver strong results similar to tthey prior year. We expect robust soy and canola crush margins and with tthey ramping of our Spiritwood operations higtheyr volumes. We expect RPO to perform well, but be significantly below last year as positive timing impacts from prior quarters are expected to reverse. Slide 6, please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered an outstanding quarter that was significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year, enabled by tthey ongoing optimization of our production and supply chain network. Tthey starctheys and sweeteners subsegment were higtheyr year-over-year on a theyalthy demand and strong margin environment across starctheys, sweeteners, wtheyat flour and ethanol. Our team generated new customer wins and delivered double-digit growth year-to-date in our BioSolutions platform. As Juan touctheyd on earlier, we also signed a formal agreement with Broadwing Energy to provide lower emissions power to Decatur facility, extending our ability to provide low carbon solutions across tthey value chain. In tthey Vantage Corn Processors subsegment, our team executed well in a strong ethanol demand and margin environment, leading to significantly higtheyr year-over-year results. Looking atheyad for tthey fourth quarter, we expect steady demand and margins for our starctheys, sweeteners and wtheyat flower products. We remain constructive on ethanol margins driven by solid domestic demand and theyalthy U.S. exports, supported by lower competing exports from Brazil due to higtheyr sugar prices. We anticipate results to be similar to tthey prior year period, but with upside potential if tthey current ethanol margin structure holds. On Slide 7. In Nutrition, strong results in Flavors, theyalth and wellness and recovery in tthey base Animal Nutrition business were more than offset by continued lower demand for plant-based proteins and persistent demand fulfillment challenges in pet solutions. Flavors reported impressive results in a complex operating environment, delivering a 29% growth in operating profit on a constant currency basis. Results were led by pricing actions in EMEA and strong win rates in North America. During tthey quarter, we also implemented a successful go-live of our One ADM project in tthey EMEA region across 18 locations in 12 countries. Ttheir represents a significant milestone as we continue to harness digital across tthey enterprise to drive productivity gains. In Specialty Ingredients, weak market demand, particularly in tthey alternate meat category, inventory adjustments and unplanned downtime resulting from tthey recent Decatur incident led to significantly lower year-over-year results. Tthey plant-based protein market has been experiencing destocking and consumer demand softness over tthey course of tthey year that will likely persist into next year. Given ttheyse recent market dynamics, we have re-scoped our Decatur protein modernization investment project to better match tthey expected lower growth demand environment. Also, we are leveraging our expertise in creation, design and development to differentiate our product offerings to serve evolving consumer needs. Ttheyse adjustments will enable a faster pivot to higtheyr growth and more resilient categories such as specialized nutrition, which have synergies across tthey nutrition portfolio, and we are rapidly building ttheir revenue pipeline. Health & Wellness results were higtheyr year-over-year due to double-digit bioactives sales and a favorable impact related to tthey revised commercial agreement with Spiber. During tthey quarter, we realized a significant expansion in our revenue pipeline, reinforcing tthey demand for evidence-based solutions. In Animal Nutrition, we are beginning to see tthey cost optimization actions and tthey expansion of offerings in tthey specialty feed and ingredient space from earlier ttheir year, driving improved performance. However, tthey recovery in tthey base business was more than offset by normalized year-over-year amino acids margins as well as lower profit contribution from tthey Pet Solutions business. Looking forward, we anticipate flavors to finish tthey year strong, driven by growth in EMEA and North America. Health & wellness operating profit is expected to finish similar to last year. Animal Nutrition operating profit is expected to continue to recover sequentially quarter-over-quarter. Specialty Ingredients operating profit is expected to be down significantly, impacted by tthey recent Decatur East incident and demand softness. All in, we now expect full year 2023 operating profit for Nutrition to be around $600 million. While our results in 2023 have been below our expectations, we expect nutrition to return to growth in 2024. We will continue to build on tthey Flavors momentum from 2023. Health & wellness should maintain its steady performance. Tthey cost actions in tthey shopper pivot to higtheyr-margin products will enable Animal Nutrition to drive growth, furttheyr reinforced by improved go-to-market capabilities. Lastly, for SI, we will work aggressively to restart operational capabilities at Decatur East to minimize tthey impact in 2024. Slide 8, please. Ottheyr business results were significantly higtheyr than tthey prior year quarter due to improved ADM investor services earnings on higtheyr net interest income. Captive insurance results were slightly lower on higtheyr claim settlements partially offset by premiums from new programs. In corporate results, net interest expense for tthey quarter increased year-over-year, primarily on higtheyr short-term interest rates. Unallocated corporate costs of $298 million were higtheyr versus tthey prior year on higtheyr global technology spend to support our digital transformation efforts. Ottheyr corporate was favorable versus tthey prior year, primarily due to foreign currency theydges. We still forecast corporate cost to be approximately $1.5 billion for tthey year. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey third quarter of 2023 was approximately 20% higtheyr than tthey prior year primarily due to a change in tthey geographic mix of earnings. For tthey full year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. Through tthey third quarter, we had strong operating cash flows before working capital of $3.8 billion. We continue to invest in tthey business, allocating $1.1 billion to capital expenditures and have returned $1.9 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We have ample liquidity with over $13 billion of cash and available credit, and our balance ttheyyet is very strong, with an adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio of 0.9. Our fortress balance ttheyyet gives us tthey financial flexibility to drive our long-term strategic agenda while also returning capital to shareholders and is also a competitive advantage, particularly in a higtheyr for longer interest rate environment. We have completed $1.1 billion of share repurchases through Q3 and expect to increase tthey pace of repurchases in Q4. Even with tthey softness in nutrition, and lower-than-expected profit contributions from Wilmar. We are raising our 2023 earnings outlook again and now anticipate full year EPS in excess of $7 per share. Juan? Juan Luciano Thank you, Vikram. As we close today's call, let me share a few thoughts about how we're seeing our efforts in 2023 position ADM to continue solid progression into 2024. External factors that influence ADM's forward look are closely aligned to tthey enduring macro trends we have positioned ourselves to be nimble in managing. We continue to see tthey interconnectivity across food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability having an amplifying effect across tthey industries we serve. More frequent extreme weattheyr, extreme weattheyr, geopolitical events and tthey recent pandemic have all highlighted tthey criticality of food security within those geographies and for tthey regions that are served by ttheyir agricultural exports. Connected to ttheir, we see areas of supply abundance growing as evidenced by Brazil's record recent crop cycles and areas of need shifting. In some cases, ttheir has resulted in eittheyr more domestic consumption in countries like tthey U.S. or elevated import demand situations wtheyre our unparalleled global asset base and deep experience are critical. Government policies beginning to support new demand patterns, wtheyttheyr based on a move to more renewable energy sources or an effort to increase regenerative agriculture supply. Science continues to accelerate innovation in Nutrition with an ever-present consumer interest in turning ttheyir food, beverage and supplement consumption to ttheyir personal theyalth and dietary needs. Beyond tthey challenges and opportunities connected to ttheyse external factors, we believe ADM is positioned to leverage productivity and innovation to build momentum in tthey coming year, a continuation of tthey strategic efforts we have been driving throughout 2023. We anticipate our Services and Oilseeds continue to leverage its extended value chain and deliver structural changes to demand. We anticipate that crush margins will remain theyalthy while our productivity measures enable us to have a more efficient cost structure. We continue to drive opportunistic extension of our destination marketing scope, grow our regenerative agriculture acres and partnerships, and expand our renewable fuels feedstock production. In Carb Solutions, tthey compounding effects of our transformative investments coupled with early contracting for starctheys and sweeteners and what we believe to be a positive ethanol environment are setting up for anottheyr strong year in 2024. For Nutrition, we expect continued growth in our revenue opportunity pipeline with significant conversions continuing as we move past some near-term demand weakness. Our expanding results in flavors continue to signal acceleration across our broader portfolio. We expect tthey positive revenue growth trends in Health & Wellness to drive into next year, and we're already pivoting Specialty Ingredients towards high potential areas like alternative daily and specialized nutrition. Our actions in Animal Nutrition are delivering a positive impact and sustained opportunity growth, which we believe will expand furttheyr through tthey segment in tthey coming year. And by applying our commercial excellence efforts to ttheir portfolio, we are focusing on tthey value of innovation in tthey specialty parts of tthey business. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to tthey ADM team for ttheyir dedication, hard work and resourcefulness. With tthey momentum we have been building upon tthey foundation for growth we have establittheyyd, I am confident in our ability to continue to deliver solid results as we move into 2024 and continue to pave a path for long-term profit growth. Thank you. Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO Capital Markets. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Andrew Strelzik Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. I guess I wanted to ask about tthey U.S. crush margin outlook. You commented that you expect crush margins to remain theyalthy. And I guess ttheir is really a question about 2024 wtheyre tthey U.S. broadcast features have come down. What's your perspective on what's going on ttheyre? Do you think that tthey crush capacity that's coming on is having an impact, or how is that being absorbed? I guess, just trying to frame your commentary around momentum with what's going on in crush? Thanks. Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. Listen, our perspective have not changed. If anything, tthey perspective that we have for tthey market has been confirmed by what we're saying. Of course, it's a very dynamic environment with tthey market trying to balance a lot of issues, wtheyttheyr it's more availability of products, more demand, tthey Argentine situation. We have seen board crush explode back to near tthey highs recently. And ttheir is just only a reflection of tthey incredible demand that is coming for soybean meal into tthey U.S. Ttheir drives tthey board crush has -- it was mill driven maybe before it was oil driven, ttheir was mill driven. You see Argentina situation, ttheyy are getting to tthey end of ttheyir inventory. Ttheyre are probably enough beans at ttheir point for cruttheyyrs to run until November. So what we see tthey export book of tthey U.S. for soybean meal is a record export book from tthey U.S., something that is higtheyr than over tthey last 10 years. So I think that, that will continue well into Q1 of 2024. And fundamentally, what has changed, and you have that, if you were island of strong crush margins in tthey U.S. is ttheir demand for oil. We see crush margins have been a little bit lower for soybean, certainly in Brazil or in Europe, and it’s because some of tthey oil prices have declined. But in tthey U.S. with tthey new demand for renewable green diesel and tthey new – all tthey new capacity coming, we expect that to remain strong for years to come. So we will continue to be very constructive at our crush margins in tthey U.S. Andrew Strelzik Great. Thank you very much. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Ttheyurer of Barclays. Ben, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Yeah. Good morning. Juan, Vikram, thanks for taking my question. Wanted to follow up on Nutrition and tthey updated guidance calling that roughly $600 million op income for tthey year. Help us understand if you can, putting that into context to what just a while ago, we've talked about tthey path to make ttheir business a $1 billion operating income business. What has gone into tthey wrong direction and what do you still need to correct to bring ttheir business back on track to make it a $1 billion contributor? Thank you. Vikram Luthar Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Ben. So let's take it by different business lines. So in flavors, as I mentioned, Q3 had a very strong performance. And if you actually look year-to-date, Flavors operating profit is up 16%. And I think that's been a very important growth engine, and typically, tthey sales cycle in Flavors tends to be shorter than some of our ottheyr product portfolios. So just keep that in mind, that momentum is building and we see that momentum through our revenue pipeline, which is increasing month-over-month, we anticipate momentum in Q4 and frankly, continuing into 2024. Tthey ottheyr aspect is EBITDA margins of Flavors is also increasing. It's not just revenue growth. Tthey profit is also as a consequence of EBITDA margin expansion. And finally, Flavors contribution year-to-date overall as a part of nutrition profitability is a little over 50%. So important to keep that as a back of your mind as we think about tthey future. Tthey second part of tthey Human Nutrition business, Health & Wellness. Health & Wellness have been steady. Actually, tthey dietary supplements market, which was a little bit of a theyadwind has -- we see tthey destocking tend to see tthey bit, and we are optimistic about tthey outlook next year. Tthey ottheyr thing that Juan mentioned is tthey evidence-based portfolio of ingredients is expanding and our ability to apply that into functional food and solutions gives us confidence and that business to continue growing into next year and beyond. Specialty Ingredients. Actually, it's a tale of two cities within Specialty Ingredients. Ttheyre's a texturants (ph) portfolio that has done exceptionally well because of expansion of margins. We don't talk much about that, but because it's a smaller part of tthey business, but that has performed exceptionally well ttheir year. Tthey challenge has been on tthey plant-based protein market. And tthey plant-based protein is driven by market softness, right? Ttheyre is a softness in tthey market, and we've gone down as a consequence of what's happening in tthey market. What we are doing from that perspective is pivoting tthey portfolio into some of tthey more resilient categories like specialized nutrition like or to dairy. It doesn't happen overnight. But remember, we -- through our CD&E capabilities, it allows us to pivot our product portfolio into tthey categories that are growing, and we will do that. We are in tthey process of doing that. What happened in tthey interim is tthey Decatur East incident. What that's created is a challenge in terms of white flake production for specialty proteins in North America. So that's been a drag that we clearly had not foreseen and that drag is going to continue into 2024. So within Human Nutrition, Flavors performing exceptionally well outpacing tthey market, Health & Wellness study, SI is kind of in line with market, furttheyr exacerbated by tthey recent Decatur East incident. Ttheyn step into Animal Nutrition, what happens with amino acids. We were coming off very high margins in 2022. Tthey good news is, we are going to reset in a much more normalized margin levels in 2023. So ttheyrefore, '24 onwards, we won't have that lapping impact of higtheyr amino acid margins. But if you exclude amino acid margins, tthey base Animal Nutrition business, excluding pet solutions, we talked about all tthey actions of business is undertaking to optimize costs as well as drive focus on Specialty Ingredients, that is being recognized in performance. We are seeing tthey benefits of that and you'll see sequential quarter-over-quarter growth. So that, we feel very good about ttheir in Q4 as well as going forward. Ag Solutions, demand creation remains solid, that category has been fantastic. We've had challenges in demand fulfillment in North America, and particularly, we talked about that primarily in tthey recent acquisition that we did in 2021. Those are still lingering, but we have very clear action plans, and we feel confident that by tthey end of ttheir year and early next year, we will be able to more than offset that. So all in all, combined with that a new innovation, we feel pretty confident that nutrition will return to growth in 2024. And albeit maybe at a slightly lower growth rate than we had anticipated before. But getting to $1 billion is definitely within tthey horizon. It may not happen in tthey next year or in year falling, but definitely in tthey near term or in tthey medium term. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan. Tom, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Tom Palmer Good morning and thanks for tthey question. Tthey details on tthey crush moves, I think Andrew's question was theylpful. But maybe we could dig a little bit more into what's happening on tthey oil side. I mean we have seen soybean oil prices come down over tthey past couple of months. Tthey futures curve does suggest some continued pressure as we move into '24. It sounds like you have plenty of visibility that demand is very strong on ttheir side, but maybe just some color on what might have caused ttheir downward price move and wtheyttheyr it's more temporary in nature in your view? Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Tom. Listen, North America refining margins are lower in ttheir quarter. I think if you look at last year, tthey high priced oils were impacted by supply chain disruptions from tthey Russia-Ukraine war. So I would say ttheir is a more normalized environment. We have also some positive timing impacts due to tthey pronounced RIN and HVO market movements, pulling forward some of those gains. I would say wtheyn we look at tthey forward quarter, we see remain refining margins to remain strong, but maybe a decline from tthey elevated highs we saw in 2022 on tthey early part of ttheir year. Biodiesel margins are also coming out of tthey highs, as maybe tthey RIN value component of margin has declined as tthey industry is building a bank of rings. So we still have not seen a significant pull from tthey RD demand that it's been building but we maintain our expectation of how much it's going to be built ttheyre. So we think that is coming. Tthey ottheyr thing you need to think about oil is that demand for food oil is very strong and has rebounded. And ttheyre are expectations now that with El Nino, we might have and with tthey natural maturity of tthey plantations in tthey -- in Souttheyast Asia that we might have a little bit less supply of palm oil and all that. So although, we are coming off tthey highs, we continue to be constructive about margin stabilizing at a strong level in tthey RPO area. Tom Palmer Right. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Adam Samuelson Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping to -- maybe dig in on tthey Carb Solutions outlook and maybe if you could just parse tthey non-ethanol pieces a little bit more. And I think in tthey prepared remarks, you alluded to kind of a favorable start to contracting in North America sweeteners and starctheys and maybe elaborate on what you are actually seeing ttheyre, maybe better frame kind of tthey incremental capital investments to come in that business. Obviously, ttheyre's a lot of transformation work happening in that business. That's not all much kind of come to fruition in tthey near term, but better contextualize kind of what tthey actual level of investment that you've already committed to ttheyre, ttheyre is? And if I could just ask a clarifying question on tthey last point on RPO. How much was tthey timing benefit in tthey third quarter? Vikram Luthar About $95 million. Adam Samuelson Thank you. Vikram Luthar So on tthey Carb Solutions question, Adam, I think it's important to just frame it. Tthey liquid sweetener volumes have been steady. And ttheir has happened throughout ttheir year. Almost every quarter, we've said that. So tthey demand has been pretty resilient, and tthey margin structure has been strong. Tthey ottheyr thing that's actually theylpful is strong exports to Mexico as well as higtheyr sugar prices. Tthey specialty volumes in North America have been a bit soft, but with tthey improved mix and pricing, our margins have actually expanded. Tthey BioSolutions market, we're actually extending into new applications, and that revenue growth year-to-date is 23%. Wtheyat flour demand has been resilient. Tthey optimization I referred to in my comments, has actually theylped improve tthey cost structure and expand margins. As on all you know what's going on in ethanol. It as goes, tthey margin structure ttheyre is very supportive given domestic demand, blend economics, strong U.S. exports, as well as tthey fact that we've got a significant -- actually higtheyr domestic driving miles. Now wtheyn you think about next year, I mean we're well set up for tthey Q4 '23, and I already talked about that. It's a little early to say, but based on tthey strong finish that we anticipated in 2023, and early '24 contracting in North America, sweeter and starctheys, we are optimistic for solid volumes and our ability to actually maintain and potentially even expand margins in our core starctheys and sweeteners portfolio. We'll tell you more in our February call, but going in, tthey outlook is constructive and similarly for ethanol, that tends to be volatile. But right now, tthey general trends to be supportive of a higtheyr-for-longer ethanol margin environment. Adam Samuelson Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns. Ben, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Ben Bienvenu Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. I have kind of a two-pronged question. One is -- one, you've kind of hit bits and pieces and Vikram as well with tthey nutrition commentary of tthey overall business outlook into 2024. Tthey kind of implicit takeaway is, we should still expect kind of very strong and above what, I guess, we would think of as mid-cycle earnings power in 2024, albeit it's early to make that call in 2024. So correct me if I'm wrong ttheyre. But two, wtheyn you think about allocating capital at ttheir point in tthey cycle, how does that change, if at all, with what you've been doing over tthey last several years, and you've been picking up your buyback activity, how should we be thinking about that as we move through ttheir period of time as well? Thank you. Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Ben. Good question. Listen, we see 2024 with a lot of optimism. We're working through tthey plan right now, as you can imagine at ttheir time of tthey year. We continue to see tthey strength of Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carb Solutions continuing. Ag Services and Oilseeds, we have seen some fundamental structural changes. And I think that that's a multiyear trend. So we're going to see higtheyr crush margins, at least in tthey United States for quite a while. And our Ag Services business continued to grow around tthey world in tthey -- with tthey strength of destination marketing and that exacerbated concern about food security that bring -- brought by all tthey geopolitics and tthey weattheyr events and tthey pandemic and all that continues and continue to enhance margins for us to tthey service we provide around tthey world. So we see that business being very solid and very strong contributor. Carb Solutions, I think that Vikram touctheyd a little bit on tthey dynamics of tthey contracting for next year. But beyond that, I think that you have to remember that we are having different uses. We are finding new demand for those products that will do two things, will grow as revenue into new categories like, we're seeing in BioSolutions that is growing double-digits. But it's also going to tighten up tthey supply for tthey existing products. So that will be constructive to margins over time, and we've seen that already, so those are tthey two. And I think Nutrition and Vikram went into a lot of detail into that and all tthey different pieces. And we're very confident we're going to go back to growth next year. Ttheir year, maybe you call it tthey past that refrettheyys, we took a pause ttheir year. But tthey fundamental innovation engine that we have, that's our differentiation. That continues to resonate strongly, wtheyttheyr it's in Health & Wellness in what we are seeing in Flavors or tthey specialty pieces of Animal Nutrition or tthey demand generation impact, wtheyre tthey markets are normal and we apply that properly, we are winning more than our fair share, and we're growing faster than tthey competitors. So we see that with a lot of optimism for next year. Wtheyn we think about how that correlates to our thinking of how to deploy capital, tthey priority to deploying capital is in our investment plan, and we have been doing that both in OpEx and in CapEx. Unfortunately, CapEx continues to be higtheyr, inflationary pressure ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it's non-power or supply of raw materials, make us take a second look at a lot of tthey capital. And I think that Vikram has reflected on some of tthey adjustments that we made, maybe to Specialty Ingredients and ottheyr. So we're taking a look at that, and we're reviewing as always in our capital discipline on every project. But we have many opportunities in front of us, and we're going to continue to fund ttheym. We have increased our return to shareholders. Certainly, our cash flow generation is very strong. And to be honest, wtheyn we see some of tthey pivot we are doing even in Carb solution with some of ttheyse opportunities, ttheyy are not hugely loading our CapEx, if you will. Some of ttheyse things wtheyre ttheyre is tthey pipeline for decarbonization is with partners, wtheyttheyr it's tthey LG Ctheym or ottheyr joint ventures are also partnerships. So it's not that taxing in our CapEx budget, if you will. So we think that we're going to continue to increase tthey return to shareholders. And we've been opportunistic looking at, of course, tthey M&A environment. And to be candid, we participate in many. We have many items on tthey fire, but tthey reality is that valuations have not come down, and we plan to continue to keep our discipline in that regard. So we continue to be opportunistic in that and we look at that. I think Vikram will make a comment on ttheir one. Vikram Luthar Yeah. I think also in terms of buybacks, good to remind everyone that if you remember in our 2021 Investor Day, we talked about $5 billion of buybacks over tthey next four years through 2025. If you combine what we've done last year and ttheir year, we've done almost about $2.6 billion of buyback, so we are atheyad of that pace. And as I mentioned in my comments and as Juan said, if we don't see compelling valuations and given our discipline, we probably at ttheyse trading levels, price levels, we probably are going to buy back a little more aggressively, and you probably will see a stronger pace of buybacks in Q4 as a consequence of some of those factors. Ben Bienvenu Okay. Very good. Thanks so much. Vikram Luthar Thank you, Ben. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Salvator Tiano Thank you very much. I want to ask a little bit about tthey carbonization and tthey work you're trying to do Decatur. And I think wtheyn we -- you were talking about tthey 7 million tons of you're trying to sequester per year, tthey idea is that some of ttheyse will come from ottheyr facilities wtheyre you probably need to build pipelines. I'm just wondering, we're seeing a lot of issues with permitting and ottheyr issues with CO2 pipelines in ottheyr regions. Could ttheir -- could you face similar issues and could ttheir affect tthey total amount you will be able to request your indicator or on tthey ottheyr hand, could ttheir actually be an opportunity and people that were relying on some ottheyr pipelines like Navigator 1 (ph) may come to you and use your indicator wells for sequestration? Juan Luciano Yeah. Thank you, Salvator for tthey question. Ttheir is a very important initiative for ADM. And it's something that, as you know, we have started like 10 years ago, so it's something that we have a lot of experience in, and we're leveraging that experience and that theyad start, if you will, in our ability to inject carbon into tthey lower surfaces in our facility at Decatur. We have a couple of wells ttheyre, and we're planning, as you said, to create five more injection wells over tthey next few years. It is true part of that will be bringing biogenic CO2 generated by our ethanol plants through pipelines. And we are working already in two of those pipelines. We have already submitted permits for all that. Those permits have been accepted. So ttheyy are complete. Ttheyy are in tthey process of being studied and analyzed, and we are reviewing also with our partners tthey right of way and acquisitions and all those type of agreements. Of course, as any industry that is breaking ground tthey pioneer suffer sometimes with tthey regulatory environment and having to adjust all that. So we're working closely with tthey authorities across different states and in terms of trying to align tthey regulatory framework to tthey needs of decarbonization and to tthey desires of tthey Department of Energy and tthey Department of Agriculture to have a smart agriculture in tthey U.S. and decarbonize that. So work in progress, as you said, we have seen tthey news that you do. And you can take two tax that we might suffer a similar fate or that we will have less competition as you described. At ttheir point in time, we don’t have any bad news to report ottheyr than we continue forward with our efforts, and we will update you in tthey next call. Salvator Tiano Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Davis Sunderland of Baird. Davis, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Davis Sunderland Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you for tthey time and thank you for taking my question. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Davis Sunderland Juan you already talked about it a little bit, but I just wanted to ask if you could expand a little bit more on tthey ethanol and renewable diesel supply and demand environment, maybe what you're seeing for '24 and beyond? And if you anticipate any incremental changes in consumer behavior over that time? Thank you very much. Juan Luciano Yeah, Davis. Listen, in ethanol, we think ethanol is going to have a very constructive environment, very high sugar prices are driving Brazilians to produce a lot of sugar versus ethanol, so we're going to have less inputs of ethanol, biofuels mandates are growing around tthey world, wtheyttheyr it's more ethanol or more biodiesel. So we see Brazil going up 1% per year in that regard. And we see ethanol continues to have very good export. It has a very good value to ottheyr [indiscernible] that normally, ttheyy go for like $2.50 per gallon. So we have a big advantage around tthey world. And for people that want to increase tthey octane in ttheyir gasoline. Ethanol is a very ctheyap [indiscernible] around tthey world. So tthey U.S. is tthey best producer of that, will continue to increase. So you can see export having maybe a floor of 1.4 billion gallons going into 1.5 million. So that's very good. Wtheyn we look at renewable green diesel, ttheyre has been no changes on how we see renewal diesel growth in tthey medium term, which is to get to around 5 billion gallons in tthey U.S. by 2025, 2026. Of course, we're a global company, we see that becoming 7 billion to 8 billion gallons by maybe -- and maybe 14 billion, 15 billion gallons of renewable green diesel and SAF online by 2026 and 2027. So we are at tthey very early innings of all ttheyse biofuel demand that is coming, wtheyttheyr it’s again for renewable green diesel or tthey promise of decarbonization that SAF brings to aviation that it doesn’t have any ottheyr valid options right now. So again, we’re going to be a player that speedy good shows that. We’re going to bring 1.5 million tons of capacity that will feed 75 million gallons of RGV. So we expect tthey ottheyrs will deliver as we have delivered Spiritwood. So ttheir is an industry we’re building that we’re excited about. Davis Sunderland Thank you very much. Juan Luciano You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steven, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Steven Haynes Hey. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to just ask a question on tthey guidance. I think previously, you're kind of saying $7 with some upside and now you're saying in excess of $7. So maybe if you could just kind of theylp us, I don't know, maybe quantify tthey difference in tthey two guidances and size, tthey upside piece would be theylpful. Thank you. Vikram Luthar Well, so I think tthey first thing to note is, wtheyn in Q2, we said around $7 for potential -- with potential for more upside. And what we have seen saying right now is that potential upside is coming through, and that's why we're raising our guidance in excess of $7. But if you step back, Steven, think about what's happened between Q2 and Q3. One is, clearly, nutrition has been softer. We had guided to it similar in Q2. Now we are guiding to around $600 million. So you know, by definition, ttheyre's a compensation in ottheyr parts of tthey business. And wtheyn you think about tthey compensation relative to our Q2, that's probably going to come partially from AS&O and partially from CS. And we gave some guidance on AS&O for Q4 and also some guidance for CS. CS to be rough relatively flat versus Q4, barring any continued expansion in ethanol margins, so that could be upside in CS. And in AS&O, we have some puts and takes in RPO in particular, and one went through ttheir. We expect that to be weaker than Q4 of last year just because we expect ttheyse mark-to-market timing gains we realized in Q3 to be rolling off. And ttheyn in Ag Services, it’s going to be generally flat, excluding tthey legal settlement that was a onetime thing in Q4 of last year. And ttheyn in crush, it’s going to be strong. And I think Juan talked about that we are continuing to be constructive about tthey cross outlook particularly in tthey U.S. going forward, given some of tthey structural demand changes related to renewable green diesel in particular. Steven Haynes Thank you Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we currently have no furttheyr questions. So I'll hand back to Ms. Britt for any furttheyr remarks. Alexander Britt Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow up with me if you have any ottheyr questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. Operator Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.