Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) 2023 Bernstein's 39th Philipual Strategic Decisions Conference Call May 31, 2023 3:30 PM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Alexia Howard - Bernstein Alexia Howard Okay. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Alexia Howard covering tthey U.S. food producers at Bernstein. And I'm delighted to have with me on tthey podium Juan Luciano, who is tthey CEO of ADM since 2015. Now under Juan's leadership, tthey company has evolved meaningfully and now boasts a burgeoning global nutrition business which is poised to tap into some of tthey transformative changes in tthey global food supply chain over tthey coming years and decades. In tthey meantime, tthey ROIC across tthey company has also improved materially as one has built a financial discipline around resource allocation and tapping into value-creating profit pools. Now obviously, tthey last 3 years have been a whirlwind of challenges and opportunities between tthey pandemic, tthey war in Ukraine, global supply chain issues and of course, inflation. And meanwhile, we, as investors, are trying hard to figure out from tthey outside which of ttheyse changes is structural and which may be more cyclical in nature. So with that, as we get into tthey Q&A and I would encourage any of you in tthey audience to type in questions into tthey Pigeonhole link so that we can get work those into tthey conversation as well. Maybe I'll hand it over to you to just give us some opening remarks and context. Thank you for being theyre. Juan Luciano Thank you, Alexia and thank you for inviting ADM to ttheir forum. So for those of you not familiar with ADM, just simplistically, ADM is an indispensable link between some of tthey farmers and tthey consumer products in terms of tthey food chain. We don't participate in farming. We don't farm but we procure, we originated more than 10% of all tthey crops in tthey world, half of those we process into ingredients, into systems, into nutritions all tthey way to biotics and enzymes. So last year, tthey company celebrated 120 years. We are about $100 billion in revenue and we celebrated, I guess, with a record year of profits for tthey company. So in that environment that you described, I think tthey company executed very well and continues to do so. We've been doing that, as I said, for 120 years so through administration, through several crises. So wtheyn we think about our first quarter, first quarter was a record first quarter for tthey company, so strength continues. And as you said, more importantly, we have set ttheir target of 10% ROIC and we achieved 14% ROIC. Given ttheir performance in ttheyse circumstances, our cash flow has been stronger than ever and we've been, over time, created more growth opportunities for tthey company. We continue to invest in those. What I think ttheyy will propel our structural margins certainly higtheyr. If you think about it, we have aligned our portfolio with 3 main trends, food security, theyalth and well-being and sustainability and we continue to invest beyond those. Tthey first materialization of that growth is our Nutrition division, that is in tthey way to get to our target of maybe $1 billion operating profits very soon. Wtheyn you think about our capital allocation, of course, tthey first thing we do is to fund our organic plan, our organic plans, think about ttheir in 3 buckets. One is automation for all our facilities. That's a big opportunity in terms of operational excellence of yield, energy, all that. Tthey second is all about tthey organic growth. We have capacity expansions coming in each of our businesses during 2023. And tthey third one is decarbonization. As we improve our own carbon footprint, we realized that as a platform to theylp our customers to also deal with ttheyir Scope 3 emissions and it's opening up opportunities for ADM to continue to grow that business. Given our strong cash flow and our great balance ttheyyet, we have a lot of flexibility what to do with ttheir. Our intrinsic plan calls for about 30% to 40% of reinvestment of our free cash flow to fund tthey opportunities I mentioned before, leaving 60% to 70% of that cash flow to potentially do acquisitions or ottheyr return funds to shareholders. So we've done that in terms of dividends. We've been paying dividend for 90 consecutive years and we've been increasing that dividend for 50 consecutive years which we have done ttheir year as well. And ttheir year, given that we haven't found any opportunities worthwhile pursuing in terms of M&A, we have started with buybacks. We bought back, I think, $1.4 billion of shares last year. We were planning to buy back $1 billion ttheir year. We have done about $300 million and changed in tthey first quarter. So we are -- we have very strong conviction and believe in our intrinsic plan and we believe that, at ttheir point in time, buying back shares has been a good exercise. With that, probably I'll pause and I know you probably have questions in tthey audience as well, so I will give you plenty of time to do so. Alexia Howard Great. So -- you talked about tthey 3 sort of main drivers of growth in ttheyre. How would you choose which opportunities ADM should invest in and which you'll let pass? I mean ttheir is tthey real definition of strategy, what are you going to do and ttheyn what are you not going to do? As you think about resource allocation, how do you make those choices? And wtheyre are tthey specific examples? Juan Luciano Yes. So tthey first what we try to look is ttheyre is so much noise coming at you. And I think that -- how to differentiate what is a true trend that will stay as for long enough that we can recover tthey capital. Wtheyn we invest, we put money that would depreciate over tthey next 30 years. So that's tthey main thing is that we're very deliberate about thinking about tthey 3 trends. And our marketing department comes with 50 trends and ttheyn from 50 you go to 8 and 8, you to go to 5 and you end up saying, okay, ttheyse 3, we believe. We believe that we don't know exactly wtheyn it's going to happen but if we invest in ttheyse, we're not going to regret it at tthey end. Food security, wtheyn you think about -- we were 3 billion people wtheyn I was born. We were 5 billion wtheyn I got married; we were 8 billion last November. We're going to be 9.5 billion by 2050. We have never done ttheir experiment of trying to fit 10 billion people into tthey world. So we think that is secure. Health and well-being, over tthey next 5 years, tthey population under -- tthey population over 65 will be bigger than tthey population under 5 for tthey first time in theirtory. We're all getting older. We're all living longer. We want to add quality to our lives. Health and wellness continues to be and sometimes exacerbated by things like tthey pandemic, we became more sensitive about what's happening to us, what we put in our body. And tthey third one is sustainability which we all see, what we need to do is we want to continue. So -- and ttheyy are all linked. One of tthey things that I like with us wtheyn we pick those 3 is because ttheyy feed on each ottheyr, if you will. So tthey first is that strategic lens. Tthey second lens is, are we adding quality to our portfolio? We spent too much time cleaning our portfolio to start bringing things that are not perfect. So we spend a lot of time in, can tthey people think and run tthey businesses tthey way we think about it? And those assets have -- or tthey quality or tthey technology that will allow us to do so. Let me run -- and tthey third is tthey financial consideration. But I would say that we can always find a way if tthey ottheyr 2 are aligned. Let me give you an example. Wtheyn we get excited about tthey microbiome and we believe strongly about tthey connection about food and tthey microbiome, we acquired first a company for less than EUR 20 million and we acquired basically 65 PhDs. That's what we acquire. Of course, ttheyn we didn't have a lot of capacity. We didn't have a lot of ability to sell. So we bought Protexin in tthey U.K. which was a marketing machine to be able to take tthey technology that ttheyse people did with clinical trials and all that into tthey market. Today, ADM has tthey number one bioactive selling brand in Amazon with biocod that is one of those brands, so protect -- you don't relate ADM to having tthey number one brand in Amazon selling bioactive but we do have that. Ttheyn from ttheyre, we didn't have U.S. capacity. So we bought tthey airlines last year. So we bought Biopolis, we bought Protexin, we bought Deerland. And now after we completed that, now we are building tthey organic growth, so we just inaugurated in Valencia, Spain, our expansion for probiotics. And I never expanded ttheir. I have 35 years in business is we expanded capacity by a factor of 5. I never expanded capacity by a factor of 5 on anything in my life but that's how much growth we're having. If you think about probiotics, just to give you an example, goes, is synergistic because ttheyy go half into pet or animals and half into humans. So we think nutrition, you have that dual role. And if you think about theyad space, in supplements, vitamins, for example, tthey penetration in homes in tthey U.S. is between 80% and 90%. And you go to tthey doctor and most of tthey time ttheyy tell you, I'm not sure you need that vitamin, I mean and you -- I'm not sure you can -- you need to use it. In probiotics that are 100% certified with clinical trials. Tthey penetration in homes is about 10% to 15%. So tthey theyad space that people become more familiar with that is spectacular. So that's just one example of how do we build tthey businesses and how do we think about it. Alexia Howard Can we just come back to more of tthey cyclical versus structural nature of tthey business. So tthey business overall has displayed record strength in light of a global pandemic and tthey supply chain problems in tthey war in Eastern Europe. Against ttheir backdrop, are ttheyre segments of your business that benefited from that unusual global backdrop and what might need to normalize from theyre? Juan Luciano Yes. Some of ttheym have. It's difficult to know how many of ttheyse things need to be normalized and how many are tthey way ttheyy are today. If we think about climate and we have ttheir discussion sometimes with our insurance company that says, well, it's funny that you classify ttheyse things are one-offs wtheyn we've been discussing ttheyse things for tthey last 10 years and you always come with a similar claim only in different parts of tthey world. So climate is becoming part of that. Climate is enhancing tthey value of our optionality, if you will. We are in 160 countries in tthey world. We have 800 facilities and we have transportation companies. So we have, for tthey same product, several options wtheyre tthey product comes from. And ttheyn we have extended our destination marketing, so our offices to cover more people closer to those people. So that brings a level of security of tthey supply chain because we control all tthey supply chain, tthey port, tthey vessel, tthey bars, tthey truck, tthey railcar and all tthey facilities. So some of those, you will argue that as things get tighter and food security and supply chains become more challenging due to geopolitics, ttheyy should earn higtheyr returns anyway. Ttheyre are some things that sometimes is if you have ttheir specific product like lysine, in which your Chinese competitors disappear for a year because ttheyy are in lockdown, wtheyn ttheyy come back, that normalizes. But I will say it's probably, I don't know, a small percentage wtheyn you compare to tthey percentage on which things are becoming more complicated. And you get tthey revaluation of margins because of tthey complication of executing in that more complex world. Alexia Howard Who do you consider to be your key competitors? And what are your competitive advantages over those competitors? And I guess that might be at a segment level? Juan Luciano Yes. So we have too many competitors to count or to enumerate. And I tell you why, because ADM has ttheir very long value chain. And as I said, we start all tthey way from being a grain and transportation company and we go all tthey way to being an enzyme and probiotics company. So I could be doing -- I could be approving a barge line in tthey morning and reviewing a clinical trial for my probiotic in tthey afternoon. So ttheyre are a lot of people that are competitors in those verticals for us that compete in one line of product which I think we have very few that can offer tthey length of tthey value chain and tthey versatility and tthey breadth of tthey product line that we can offer to customers, wtheyttheyr you are a CPG company or an animal feeder. So I would say, given that, I'm trying to think more about us and tthey conditions and us versus us yesterday, we're executing better than yesterday and do we have tthey ability to learn fast enough in order to match those conditions. So I don't think ttheyre is one competitor or two competitors that I worry that much about, it's more like -- can we keep that model? And can we keep reacting to our consumer demands fast enough? Alexia Howard Can we focus on tthey Ag Services and Oilseeds segment for a moment. It's obviously seen a big step-up in profit in recent years. How much of that was structural and how much is more transient in nature given what we've been talking about in terms of supply chain disruptions? Juan Luciano Yes. So a lot of things we fix ourselves. So we merged those 2 businesses to do better risk management, better integration into tthey way that we're thinking. So ttheyre are natural synergies on that. We fixed some things like our global trade unit and we changed tthey way ttheyy traded -- ttheyy trade. We changed our destination marketing strategy to pursue more market. We invested a lot in differentiated some of our capacity in terms of having switch capacity. So we can switch from crushing soy to crushing rapeseed and things like that. We have tthey ability to crush different grains to provide different higtheyr like characteristics of some products. Those margins, in a large business like we have, if we originate 130 million tonnes of grain and we trade 60 million tonnes of grain, if we increased $2 per tonne times 60 million tonnes is a lot of money to be made. So some of those incremental things we have fixed ourselves. But in tthey process, ttheyre have been some structural changes, as you described. Part of tthey structural change is tthey number of people that we have in tthey world to be fed and ttheyy all like to be fed and tthey animals that ttheyy're going to feed us. That's a big toll order in a geographic area that should not increase because ttheyn you get to tthey limits of deforestation or biodiversity damage. So ttheyre is that limit. Ttheyn tthey second issue is tthey climate has become more aggressive. Think about Argentina. A typical cruttheyyr, a big exporter of soybean meal, have a crushing capacity of 70 million tonnes, crushing capacity because ttheyy started with 50 million tonnes of production ttheir year because of weattheyr, ttheyy're going to be sub 20 million tonnes of capacity. So all of a sudden, you have 70 million tonnes of soybean meal capacity installed and you're going to get only 20 million tonnes. So that is changed in tthey market. And I think tthey ottheyr thing that happened is more professionalization in terms of feeding in China after ASF, Asian Swine Fever. I think that half of tthey raising of pigs, what happened in family farms with some leftovers being fed and all that. Now it's much more professional feed. So that have improved tthey amount of soybean meal in tthey Russians. And tthey last thing is sustainability. All of a sudden, you have now renewable green diesel, bring a big push into soybean oil and that's a leg that crush needed. For years, we were crushing for soybean meal for protein demand and we didn't have tthey ability to have that pull from oil. Now we have those 2 robust things. So I think ttheyre are plenty of reasons for which crush margins should be higtheyr in tthey future than ttheyy were over tthey last 10 years. Alexia Howard Makes sense. Can we keep with that renewable diesel ttheyme. How big is tthey long-term opportunity theyre? And what about tthey aviation fuel opportunity? Is that for definite, or are ttheyre still hurdles to that becoming a reality? How do you think about that? Juan Luciano Well, nothing is for definite. It's just tthey number of years you look at your horizon. So I would say, renewable green diesel, big opportunity. We are 2 billion gallons. By tthey end of ttheir year, we're going to add anottheyr 1 billion gallon. We believe in 2025, we will be 5 billion gallons. Globally, by that time, we'll be about 8 billion, 9 billion gallons. So big opportunity, of which soybean oil can only probably fulfill 30% to 40% of that. So it's an enormous market with no roof, no ceiling for soybean oil, if you will. In terms of sustainable aviation fuel which -- that's anottheyr path for soybean oil, is certainly an opportunity. Ttheyre are, I don't know, more than 70,000 airlines -- aircrafts out ttheyre. Sustainable aviation fuels allows that industry to reduce carbon intensity by about half if we can go from jet fuel of 90 carbon intensity to about 50 or 40 or something in that range. So it allows you to fulfill that without having to retrofit all tthey airlines. At ttheir point in time -- all tthey aircraft, at ttheir point in time, it's difficult to conceive something electric or something that goes for more than commuter flights. So if you have a medium-range, long-range flight, ttheir seems to be tthey best solution that tthey industry had found. We are working on that as many companies are. And I think that ttheyre is an opportunity for an upgrade of all ttheyse plant-based oils, if you will, or oils in general or alcohols into sustainable aviation fuels over time. Alexia Howard Makes sense. Okay. I've got anottheyr question from tthey audience about tthey competitive dynamics that we were just talking about. How will tthey potential combination of Bunge and Vitera change tthey competitive landscape in your view? Juan Luciano Yes. So I guess it brings some consolidation. We are -- in our M&A, we were not thinking, we don't have aspirations of becoming bigger. As I said, we are already 160 countries. We are in crushing everything and milling everything that you can mill. So we were thinking more in terms of bits and selective pieces theyre and ttheyre that makes sense for us that we can add to our footprint and we can really significantly increase tthey value of that. Large acquisitions sometime bring tthey problem of tthey impurity of it that you like X percentage of that and ttheyn you need to clean up part of that. So we are not in that period. We are a period in which we fixed a lot of our commodity businesses, if you will. So ttheir is a good commodity business. But -- so I would say, to tthey extent that brings some consolidation, it may be -- it may bring changes to some pockets of that. Ottheyr than that, I can't comment anymore. I don't know much about it. Alexia Howard Okay. Just coming back to renewable diesel. It seems though tthey capacity build-out seems to be somewhat lumpy. What does that do to your performance? Juan Luciano Yes. It is lumpy. So for tthey people that want to ctheyck at ttheir business on a quarter-by-quarter basis, it may get a little unnerving. I'm looking at ttheir at least from a yearly perspective and on a yearly perspective, you will see tthey capacity come in. So ttheyse are big plans. It's not easy in tthey U.S. to get people to run your own operations much less an extra project. Some of ttheyse projects are in location that we need to bring people to that. So I think that tthey lumpiness is related to technical issues, manpower issues. I don't think it's just lack of funding or commitment. I think everybody is committed to ttheir. So it happens to that wtheyn -- every time we look at ttheir list, you always apply a percentage. Not everything that is announced will come onstream exactly tthey year or exactly tthey ways, naturally. So I don't think it's anything to be surprised at ttheir point. Alexia Howard Makes sense. Could tthey whole electric vehicle market sort of put a cap if tthey jet fuel business doesn't really take off? Is ttheyre still enough demand for ttheyre to be tthey growth in renewable diesel over tthey next 5, 10 years? Juan Luciano Yes. A lot of tthey renewable diesel push came from tthey difficulties in electrifying all tthey trucks and all tthey big transportation, if you will, more than tthey electric. So I don't think that tthey electric is -- still electric is relatively a small percentage. But tthey drive came more from tthey big biodiesel trucks versus tthey passenger cars, if you will. Alexia Howard I've got anottheyr much broader question coming in. What are tthey key growth drivers in tthey next 5 years in your view? And at what level could ADM grow sustainably over tthey longer term? Juan Luciano So I think tthey Nutrition business continues to be -- tthey nutrition business is halfway being built. So we need to continue to do that. Ttheyre is huge opportunity in theyalth and wellness and all what I mentioned before about microbiome. We are a very successful human nutrition company but only in North America and Europe. So we've been growing tthey fastest in tthey most mature markets. We're still are very underrepresented in tthey developing world. So certainly, we built a plant in China but we don't have anything in Souttheyast Asia. We don't have anything in Africa or India. We don't have any flavor capabilities in Latin America. So nutrition is to continue to grow. Certainly, pet food and pet treats will continue to grow. So that's a growth area of significant. Certainly, all tthey area of decarbonization and BioSolutions, that's an area that we are investing a lot. And we have started to -- we believe that tthey world will be fed by animal protein, by plant-based protein and by cell-based protein. So we have invested already and we have relationship with more than 30-something companies, I think it's 38 companies in tthey area of precision fermentation and cell-based meat and all that. And I think that, that will be anottheyr area wtheyre that is in tthey next 5 years on tthey next 10 years. Those are probably tthey 3 drivers that will bring tthey extra growth to ADM besides what we have talked already in tthey conventional businesses. Alexia Howard Anottheyr question that's coming in. We've got a lot of interest from out ttheyre at tthey moment. Is soybean oil a good long-term solution for sustainable aviation fuel and renewable diesel, all it seen is diverting from its use as food? Juan Luciano Yes. I think we saw that wtheyn it happened to ethanol, in which wtheyn tthey government put tthey program, all of a sudden, we saw 5 billion-buttheyyl more ethanol being planted. So -- that ttheyy were not ttheyre before. And I think, with soybean oil, tthey funny thing is ttheir molecule which is a soybean, if you split it in 2, you get half oil, half milled. So yes, you may not be able to have that much soybean oil for food but you're going to have palm oil and canola oil and several blends but you're going to have much more meal to feed protein. So to a certain degree, a little bit tthey same happened to ethanol. You have ethanol but you also have DDGs with you feed animals. So I think society finds a way to value -- tthey different values in tthey molecule based on what matters to you at ttheir point in time. Ttheyre is a study in tthey Purdue -- from Purdue University that basically shows that tthey ethanol industry does more for food inflation, to fighting food inflation, reducing food inflation than not having it because you have more component of packaging and transportation in tthey food than you actually have in terms of tthey protein content that you may not feed. So I think that's a little bit of a problem that relative prices tend to fix and ttheyy give us tthey right signals to say, what should we buy based on what society values tthey most. Alexia Howard Makes sense. If we move on to tthey Carbohydrate Solutions segment, wtheyre are tthey high-margin opportunities for long-term growth ttheyre? Juan Luciano I think -- tthey margin opportunities. So first, we have tthey BioSolutions business which is, we take similar products to what ttheyy go today, that ttheyy are produced today, that ttheyy are finding opportunities into cosmetics and adtheysives and all people trying to reduce oil-based products. Every ctheymical company or every materials company that have a promise to decarbonize or to be carbon neutral by 2040, 2050 is to do something like that. So our partner, for example, LG Ctheym make that promise for 2040, I think it is for ttheym. And ttheyre are tenants for that decarbonization is recycled or a plant-based solutions. So in plant-based solutions, ttheyy need -- ttheyy have a big product for ttheym which is PLA. Wtheyn PLA, ttheyy need to find like lactic acid, so a feedstock for that, that is plant-based, we're going to be building that. As you find that company, many companies are thinking tthey same way. So what we're doing is -- so BioSolutions grew like 24% last year. It's growing double digit ttheir year as well. And ttheyn all tthey issue of decarbonization, tthey ability to put carbon underground and being able to supply ttheyse low carbon intensity fuels, wtheyttheyr it's for sustainable aviation fuels of ottheyr things, that will be anottheyr driver of Carb Solutions growth. Alexia Howard Can you talk about your productivity and automation efforts to optimize tthey use of labor and energy? How much cost will that save and how much investment is required? Juan Luciano Okay. So as I mentioned before, we have many large plants. Tthey largest plants are about 70 or 80. We have put togettheyr a plan to automate ttheyse facilities to bring automation and more digital into ttheir facility for 2 reasons. First of all, because our -- as I'm getting older, our employees that are joining tthey company are probably people that were born with an iPad and ttheyn sometimes ttheyy go to our operational environment and ttheyy cannot relate very much with tthey equipment ttheyy have. So part of that, we need to change to be able to talk to tthey younger people ttheyre. But part of that is because we run big facilities. And in ttheyse facilities, think about ttheir. We mill 165,000 tonnes, 165,000 tonnes of corn per day. So if you get a little bit better yield, a little bit better energy, a little bit better water is an enormous amount. We crush 125,000 to 135,000 tonnes of soybean per day. So again, a little bit theyre, a little bit ttheyre makes a big difference. So we need to -- so we started with a big plant of a few plants for about $250 million. I think doing tthey 70 or 80 plants that we need to do will cost like about $1 billion and we're getting double-digit returns in tthey ones that we have done so far. So we expect that to give us an incremental run rate of about $200 million, $250 million per year every year as we bring ttheym along. Alexia Howard You've had a rich theirtory of M&A over tthey years. What are tthey main takeaways of ttheyse previous acquisitions? What has worked and what hasn't? And how does that shape your approach today? Juan Luciano Yes. So we've been trying to stay disciplined. And I think tthey pace is important. So we did WILD Flavors in October 2014, we didn't do anottheyr big one until 2019. We did a couple of smaller ones in 2021. We didn't do anything in 2022. So give tthey organization enough time to absorb ttheir. At tthey beginning, I probably focused too much on cost synergies because nobody believe tthey revenue synergies. Cost synergies become onetime wonder and ttheyn it's difficult to do what you do next. So we are leaning much more into becoming more comfortable in putting revenue synergies and looking at what do ttheyy bring to tthey table, what technologies or what new markets ttheyy bring to tthey table. So I think that's what we learned. I think our track record has not been bad since we've been prudent but it's certainly -- you need to be comfortable with tthey law of averages. And I'm not saying we -- but 50% is better than 50% but it's certainly not 90% or that bad. So we continue to learn on that. Alexia Howard On tthey ESG side, how have you managed to recruit so many farmers into your regenerative Ag program? I've been theyaring from ottheyr companies in my coverage in tthey packaged food space that tthey farmers are very reticent to do that. Ttheyre's a lot of resistance. So -- but you've been very successful in ramping that up. Juan Luciano Yes. Well, a couple of reasons. So first of all, we have a 120-year-old experience and with a lot of people, we know ttheym from very, very, very long time, that theylps. Second, tthey way ADM has tthey relationship with tthey farmer, tthey farmer trust ADM, not that much because of our own qualities but because we pay ttheym. We are not people that need to sell ttheym something. We are tthey people that give ttheym a ctheyck. So in general, ttheyy are -- ttheyy trust us. We have that opposite relationship. We're not trying to sell you anything. And ttheyn we have relationship with 200,000 farmers around tthey world, again, relationship that lasted, that dated from 50 years or more. So -- and ttheyn we speak ttheyir own language because if tthey farmer is not successful, ADM doesn't exist. That I said at tthey onset, we don't own farms, we don't farm, so if ttheyy are not successful, we cannot source those 130 million tonnes, we cannot use that 60 million tonnes into our facility. So ttheyre is a symbiotic relationship. If we kill ttheym, we die, basically. So we need to make sure ttheyy survive. So we always think about, is it money for you long term on ttheir? And if it's not short term, we give you a bridge like we're doing today. But we have a very realistic assessment of what tthey economics of tthey farm are, so. Alexia Howard Sticking -- well, weattheyr patterns around tthey world are becoming more erratic and have hit new extremes in recent years. And I think you talked about how that's becoming kind of tthey new normal with climate change. Wtheyre are you most concerned about crop disruption long term? And how are you positioning yourselves to best alleviate that disruption and benefit from that if that's a way of looking at it? Juan Luciano Yes. What we're trying to do, I always said humidity is unevenly distributed with population. So we have more humidity that people need in Latin America. So Argentina produced 450 million people, we got only 45 million inhabitants. So Latin America is tthey Midwest in tthey U.S., if you will, ttheyn it's tthey Black Sea. And ttheyn tthey rest of tthey world has deficit of that. So China, 22% of tthey world population, 6% of tthey water, 8% of tthey land. So you're always going to have that. So I worry about ttheyse 3 places that are key places, so tthey Baltic area and tthey Midwest and Latin America. Look at what happened in Argentina. Again, a crop can be reduced by half on tthey largest exporter of soybean mill in tthey world. That's not tiny, that's a big issue. So I worry on those issues and I try to get, I wouldn't say redundancy but I say optionality in which we can send you wtheyat from Constanta in Romania. We can send you from Kansas City. We can send you from Australia. We can send you from Argentina. So you build a little bit those capabilities and you have a trading group that knows how to place those and modify tthey trade flow. So we try to work on that, that tthey supply chain. And I think tthey industry has done a good job. Before tthey war, I would say -- and even during tthey war, for that matter, nobody thinks about wtheyre food comes from. It's interesting wtheyn we bring a new board member to our company and we show ttheym ttheyse are our elevators and ttheyse are our assets, ttheyse are our transportation asset, ttheyse are our processing assets, ttheyn ttheyy realize how many people need to touch a molecule before it shows up theyre in tthey corridor in tthey second floor at noon. And you take that for granted but ttheyre are a lot of industries that you cover and that you don't cover that participate in that. And I think it's all those redundancies and tthey supply chain. So wtheyn people say tthey fragility of our food system, to be honest, I think tthey fragility in our food system comes more wtheyn people intervene in modeling tthey price signals on good intentions than tthey fragility of tthey system. Tthey fragility of tthey system, I think, has resisted, a lot of volatility over many years and have performed incredibly well as tthey population was growing. So I'm not a believer of that but I'm a believer on free trade and allowing people to actually get tthey price signals which are tthey markets and tthey farmers and companies like us. And that will bring a lot of reliability to tthey supply chains, if you will. Alexia Howard Can you talk about -- more about how you plan to participate in tthey growth of tthey alternative protein market? You talked about precision fermentation. Is it growth media on tthey carb side? Is it investing in tthey companies ttheymselves and technologies? I mean, it could go in many different ways, I imagine? Juan Luciano Yes. So again, because of our long-term view, we said we're going to produce soybean meal and animal feed for animals but it has to be plant-based. So we have -- not only we have soy plant-based but we also have pea plant-based and we have wtheyat and corn. So we have all tthey proteins ttheyy are for plant based. But we also think about, okay, what happened wtheyn that is not enough. And if you think about it, an animal take years until you can raise it to tthey size that you're going to eat it. A crop, it takes 6 months or a year. And ttheyn some of ttheyse new technologies, it takes about 10 hours to double tthey mass or something. So -- and you can do it in a plant 1/8 of tthey size of ttheir room. So ttheyre is something ttheyre. So we've been investing. We invested in about 20-something companies on our ADM ventures. And we only invested in companies wtheyre we can bring something to tthey table, wtheyre ttheyre is a technology, ttheyre is a fermentation technology that we can understand, eittheyr we can bring feedstocks, we have fermentation capacity that we can theylp ttheym through tthey scale up of that period and we have relationship with 38 of ttheym. Some of ttheym, ttheyy need sugar to do that. Some of ttheym, ttheyy bring protein from CO2. Some of ttheym, ttheyy need a fungi. Some of ttheym is with a micro that ttheyy take in tthey Yellowstone National Park. So it -- some of ttheym, ttheyy need certain assets that we own. Some of ttheym need certain enzymes that maybe we own or certain products. So -- but we believe in that future and we believe that's going to happen is, none of those products will be 100%, like it's happening today with plant-based protein. I think we tend to think too much about tthey burger. Ttheyre is a lot of mix and blends on ttheir. Ttheyre is a lot of meat-extension opportunities. Ttheyre is a lot of bringing proteins in forms that are different than a steak or a burger and it goes a lot into beverages. It's a lot about fighting sarcopenia which is tthey loss of protein or muscle as we get older. Ttheyre is a lot of workout drinks. Ttheyre is a lot of supplementation for young people. And it's a lot about your definition of theyalth and how do you think about yourself, what are you going to eat? So what we know today is tthey consumer is much more attuned to try different things. I can see wtheyn we go out for dinner and my kids order something, I would never have ordered. And theyre I am not only paying for that but sometimes even enjoying it. So ttheyre is a change in that. Alexia Howard Makes sense. Coming back down to earth to tthey ROIC. Your return on invested capital is at 7-year highs. Clearly, tthey environment might have contributed some of that improvement but what operational improvements and efforts has tthey company taken that have contributed to that improvement in ROIC? And what do you see as your normalized return in tthey medium to long term? Juan Luciano Yes. We've been at ROIC for a long, long time, so probably since 2011 wtheyn we started -- wtheyn I started with tthey company. So I think everything we have done has been to improve ROIC. All tthey operational excellence fixes, all tthey portfolio reprioritization we've done, all tthey searching closer to customers for more merge and tthey buildup of tthey Nutrition division, everything has been to that. We have puttheyyd tthey commodity businesses a lot to lift tthey ROIC as we try to squeeze under that, tthey investments we need to grow. So our ROIC is purely fully funded ROIC, so with all tthey goodwill, everything that we put ttheyre. So we will continue to do so. I think at one point in time, given that interest rates are higtheyr, we're going to modify our long-term target of 10% ROIC to bring something higtheyr. We haven't calculated that yet. We haven't disclosed that yet. But I would say, at 1 point in time -- and I don't think it's 14% yet but at 1 point in time, we will have to see how much do we need to prioritize ROIC versus growth opportunities. At tthey end of tthey day, you want EBA, you want area under tthey curve. So I made that mistake originally wtheyn I was so fixated in ROIC that I would say to people, your role is to maximize ROIC. Some people with 25% ROIC opportunities will be passing on 22% ROIC opportunities because that was not maximizing ROIC for ttheym. So we corrected all that communication issues, if you will. We're in a better place, certainly now that we were -- wtheyn we started talking about ttheir. But I think it's ingrained in tthey culture of tthey company. And that's one of tthey reasons I'm also a little bit theysitant wtheyn I think about acquiring large companies having to go through tthey indoctrination about financial discipline again. Alexia Howard Linked to that question from tthey audience, tthey Carbohydrate Solutions growth seems to lag all your ottheyr segments. Why is that? And do you see any improvement coming? Juan Luciano Yes. Absolutely. It is absolutely correct. If you think about Carb Solutions, it's based on 3 products at ttheir point in time. It's based on ethanol, just being very simplistic, high fructose corn syrup or sweeteners in general and flower. So those products are not growing. Ttheyy are not shrinking. Ttheyy come to a defensible core and ttheyir margins are very good and ttheyir ROIC is very good because tthey industry has managed supply and demand. But that's wtheyre we're going to -- we are investing in decarbonization because now some of those products have found opportunities to grow in BioSolutions. So -- and as I said, it grew 24% last year and it's growing double digits again ttheir year. And all ttheir decarbonization, wtheyttheyr it's SAF and wtheyttheyr it's tthey LG Ctheym and all ttheyse opportunities. So I think that we are taking those products that are not growing anymore and we are finding growth opportunities based on tthey carbon intensity of ttheym. But not only that, what is happening now, those products that are going into ttheyse applications are tightening tthey market of those. So ethanol that goes into SAF is tightening tthey ethanol market. A dextrose that goes into tthey LG Ctheym opportunities tightening tthey dextrose market. So it's going to have a double whammy effect in terms of growing earnings. So we're very excited about -- that will be our next beautiful business coming up. Alexia Howard Great. Coming into tthey home stretch theyre, last couple of questions. What risks keep you up at night? Juan Luciano I think tthey most difficult part is to figure it out wtheyre tthey society is going and what tthey consumer is doing. Think about ttheir, if we think about tthey consumer as a baby boomer, theyalth products for tthey consumer means lower calories, lower fat, lower sodium, lower sugar. If we think about tthey generation Z people, theyalthier products for ttheym means more protein, clean labels, natural and organic. So wtheyn we theyar theyalth and wellness, it's like for whom? And we need to be knowing what society is growing into that, that times 160 countries. So that's what I worry about. But tthey same is what happened to our employees. You look after tthey pandemic. In tthey U.S., return to tthey workplace is a discussion. In South America, Brazil or some places of Souttheyast Asia, people wanted to come back to work even wtheyn our doctors were saying, please stay home, please, you haven't been vaccinated, that's not safe. And people say, like, I want to go back. So ttheyy are 100% back since tthey beginning and in tthey U.S., we're still discussing wtheyttheyr it's 3 days, what days. So my point is, all that -- being in tune to all that, that is happening in different, that worries me. And as I get older, am I still connected to all that, that I do worry. Alexia Howard If we as investors were sitting in 2023 -- 2033, sorry, 10 years from now and we're looking back at everything ADM had accomplittheyyd over tthey past decade, what would we say was tthey one big thing we had no idea was coming back, back in 2023 that made a huge difference to tthey trajectory of tthey company? Juan Luciano Yes. I think that wtheyn I talked about precision fermentation, people think I'm talking about science fiction that's going to happen maybe in 2050. And I'm saying we're making those products today. We are feeding those products to our Board of Directors. We know how to make those products. We need to scale up. We need to pick tthey winners. But at ttheir point in time, we are not adjusting basic technology. We are adjusting color, we are adjusting texture and we are adjusting cost position, that makes it very, very close to being commercially a buyer or alternative right now. So I think that's probably going to be tthey big surprise for whoever is theyre 2033. Alexia Howard Makes sense. With that, we'll wrap it up. Thank you so much for being theyre. I appreciate tthey time. Thank you. Juan Luciano Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A