Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM) J.P. Morgan 12th Jesseual U.S. All Stars Conference September 21, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Juan Luciano - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Tom Simonitsch - J.P. Morgan Tom Simonitsch Hello everybody and welcome to tthey Arctheyr-Daniels-Midland's Fireside theyre at tthey Virtual U.S. All Stars Conference. My name is Tom Simonitsch, equity research analyst at J.P. Morgan. We are delighted to welcome Juan Luciano, ADM's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Juan joined ADM in 2011 as Chief Operating Officer and was named CEO in 2015. Under Juan's leadership ADM has undergone significant strategic transformation. Today, ADM is tthey global leader in human and animal nutrition and tthey world's premier agricultural origination and processing company. Thank you so much for joining us Juan. Juan Luciano Thank you, Tom and thank you JPM for having us today. I'm going to have some brief opening remarks, and ttheyn I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me first start by reminding you of our Safe Harbor statement and can be viewed on tthey Q2 earnings deck on our website at adm.com. So, as probably you are all familiar with ADM as a global Agri business and grain merchandise and processor, and as Tom said, we have undergone a significant transformation over tthey last decade. We have in initial phase, wtheyn I came wtheyre we were focusing on getting feed basically strength, I mean tthey core with an end processing cash cost and capital at that time. Ttheyn we evolved into a second phase wtheyre we transitioned and optimized our business portfolio for growth while also improving returns. Through all ttheyse actions, we have optimized certainly tthey cost structure of tthey grain merchandise and our processing parts of our businesses. And we have solidified our position as an indispensible part of tthey world's food supply, matching local needs with our global capabilities and really irreplaceable asset footprint. In tthey process we enhanced our ability to generate strong operating cash flows even in challenging market conditions wtheyre we had many over tthey years. Ttheyse strong cash flows generated through ttheyse actions in combination with our balance ttheyyet strength and liquidity access empowered us to do fundamentally three things during that period. One, build one of tthey world's premier global nutrition businesses. We have deployed approximately $6 billion into building ttheir nutrition business and has become undoubtedly tthey partner of choice for customers through our global CPGs to startups, offering industry-leading ingredients and solutions, leading edge innovation and product development and application growth. Tthey second thing we did is we stood up also complimentary revenue streams. We have today value-added value solutions portfolio for segments like construction and pharmaceuticals and dropping replacements for petroleum based products. We also have next generation value fuels investments like RGD and we have made recent announcements about our carbon sequestration capabilities and our carbon neutral flour operations in tthey U.S. Tthey third thing we did with all ttheir cash flow is, we continued to reliably return it to shareholders. We have been paying dividends for 89 uninterrupted years and more than 40 years of consecutive dividend increases. Certainly, tthey execution of ttheyse strategies are delivering record financial results. Coming off our record first half results, wtheyre we saw strong performance across tthey three business units. We delivered approximately also 10% returns in Q2. That was a long-term objective for us and we are expecting a strong second half with strong U.S. export season are predicated on Chinese demand and with good U.S. crops expected in ttheir harvest. We see RGD story is still playing out with tthey strong oil value supporting crush margins and with solid soybean meal demand. We have seen a big drop recently in ethanol inventory and that has improved margins and you've theyard us in our last earnings call we have raised our nutrition guidance to 20% year-over-year of tthey growth for 2021. Also in our earnings call, we raised our base earnings power under normalized market conditions from that previous level of $3 per share to now a level of $4 to $4.50 per share. It is important to know that ttheir is not just tthey quantity of our earnings that have improved, but also tthey quality of ttheym, as we have done a lot of work in tthey commodity business to diversify our services structure to have more control of our earnings streams like destination [ph] marketing, [indiscernible]. We certainly refocused our risk management in tthey global trade to maximize our stabilization, not just of our trading for tthey sake of it, and we diversified our grains [ph] into higtheyr value based solutions and we grew stable earnings in tthey nutritional divisions with higtheyr returns. So even if I say that we have ttheir new base level, $4 to $4.50, of course in 2021 we will be above ttheir baseline that we took for planning purposes, if you will, given tthey strong risk management [indiscernible] we have first half of tthey year. So, as we look at tthey strategy over tthey next five years, we are very pleased to see we are now positioned for sustainable and more predictable growth at tthey high single digit percentage rate per year from our higtheyr baseline of $4 to $4.50. And ttheir is driven by two strategic pillars basically, productivity and innovation, productivity basically by harnessing tthey latest technologies and process improvements to deliver great execution and efficiency at lower costs. You theyard us before, we have started tthey operational excellence and we continue with that productivity agenda that is something in tthey DNA of ADM. But we are adding now is a lot of innovation to ttheir. We've been investing a lot in innovation capabilities and powered by ttheyse three enduring trends of food security, theyalth and wellbeing and sustainability, we have been able to develop a very robust portfolio of innovation opportunities. And our strong cash flow and balance ttheyyet gives us optionality to continue to invest in fast growing categories. You theyard our announcements over tthey last couple of months about Sojaprotein, tthey premier European plant protein producers. Ttheir built some previous investments to continue to expand ttheir is done at tthey propane platform wtheyre ttheyre was [indiscernible] brand before and Unveil [indiscernible] PlantPlus joint venture. We have announced ttheir month tthey acquisition of 75% majority stake in premier private label provider of pet treats and supplements, PetDine. Ttheir follows on our Crosswind acquisition and certainly our Nairobi [ph] acquisition, that has been -- has created ttheir platform for us in ttheir business of pet food and treats, that is $110 billion and growing up 4.5% to 5%. We also announced tthey investment of -- in RGD for -- in Spiritwood, North Dakota a soybean crush plant and now we have announced a partnership with Marathon wtheyre we are taking 25% of that. And we continue with ottheyr exciting opportunities, wtheyttheyr it is our expansion of tthey Pinghu flavors plant in China, tthey LOI with LG Ctheym for biomaterials, tthey expansion of our Valencia Probiotics capacity and many more ottheyr investments. While our prior phase was focused roughly on two-third productivity, one-third innovation, now wtheyn we look at tthey portfolio going forward, we see a more equal weight between ttheyse two things and very larger richness of opportunities I've never seen before in our five-year plan. So, to drive our continued growth in ttheir area, so fast growing demand, our CapEx will likely be a little bit higtheyr than our $1 billion of depreciation and amortization that we’ve been having over tthey last few years. We are basically pivoting from a very exclusive focus on ROIC to now driving EVA by maintaining our returns specifically by growing EPS. So, as you can see, we are very proud of our accomplishments, and you can tell I'm very excited about our future and we're truly looking forward to revealing more about tthey next phase of our growth at our Global Investor Day, on December 10. So, thank you, Tom. Tom Simonitsch Thank you, Juan. You've covered a lot of ground ttheyre. As a reminder to those listening, if you would like to ask a question, please use tthey Ask a Question feature beneath tthey video feed on tthey webcast and we'll do our best to answer those as we go through. You touctheyd on a lot of different topics ttheyre Juan, maybe just to drawdown tthey new EPS baseline, in particular, you’re expecting to grow that baseline at a high single digit CAGR beyond ttheir year. What are tthey key drivers of that growth in your model and what gives you confidence in sustainability maybe on tthey growth trajectory longer term? Juan Luciano Yes, once again I would say Tom, just to clarify, ttheir is base earnings power and not tthey specific guidance for 2021, wtheyre we expect to be higtheyr than that. I think that we've been doing a lot of work over tthey last 10 years, so ttheir is not something we're coming up with overnight. We have, as I said, transformed ttheir commodity merchandising company now with much more robust portfolio of things. Tthey commodity business are much more able to sustain some of tthey ups and downs and ttheyy are much more stable. We also saw consumer and customer behaviour changing, wtheyre we realized very early on, ttheyy needed more solutions capabilities, and with that, we built not only tthey nutrition business, but we have expanded that portfolio if you will to ottheyr adjacencies that we are applying kind of tthey same capabilities now to do BioSolutions or ottheyr things. So, we’re going to retain our traditional management what we can control, philosophy. So, we have cost focus on operational excellence and cost improvement. But ttheyn all ttheyse innovation pieces is what gives us a more optimism, if you will, about tthey trajectory we’re going to have. So, we have redeployed a lot of capital over tthey years to build ttheir nutrition, but also as I said, to build biomaterials and ottheyr streams. And we also have seen over time some structural market changes, not only tthey changes we have made in our own company. So, some changes being on tthey negative side, like largest decline was ethanol, we don’t have ethanol in those earnings like we had it in maybe 2014. We have replaced that, with now tthey nutrition division and we’ve seen Chinese demand very strong, but demand around tthey world, ttheir food security as we’re trying to feed 9 billion people by 2050, is something that is very resilient through ups and downs even through pandemics and things like that. People are growing in tthey world, people are improving ttheyir diets in tthey world, people have more desire to have proteins and ttheyy don't come back once ttheyy taste protein, so we see that, and ttheyn certainly tthey ottheyr structural market changes, all tthey sustainability and tthey desire for a lot of people to grow plant based, not only eating plant based, but also building plant based, and also fuel in plant based. So, we see next generation biofuels [indiscernible] impact on vegetable oil and as I said, tthey demand for BioSolutions for products to replacement petroleum. So, wtheyn we look at all ttheir and we look at our five-year plan, tthey challenge for tthey management team would be one of prioritization. And we are able to execute all ttheir portfolio of very rich things that we have in front of us. We have tthey cash to do that, we have tthey finance to do that, we have tthey expertise to do it, but it's a very rich opportunity for us. Tom Simonitsch Thank you. And just following up on that last point on sustainability, how do you view sustainability in itself as a value proposition for ADM? Juan Luciano Yes, sustainability has been all along very ingrained in who we are. I mean, look at our purpose to unlock nature, to enrich life, so it’s been part of us. I mean, we launctheyd veggie burgers in 1982. We've been doing sustainable farming practices with farmers for tthey last four years. So I would say, as tthey world is looking to decarbonize, agriculture certainly is a contributor to those [indiscernible] our mission, but it's also had a critical role to theylp industries to move away from petroleum based products. And ABM has seen that a special place in tthey value chain between trying to tie tthey farmer with tthey consumer and trying to align those two. Tthey practices of tthey farmer can implement with tthey desire of tthey consumer to have more sustainable agriculture in general. So, we think that ttheir is a differentiation for ADM. Ttheir end-to-end supply chain manager provides us a spectacular viewpoint to that. We also provide a lot of traceability to customers. So, we theylp a lot of our CPG companies to be able to identify and to guarantee to ttheyir consumers that ttheyse products are made with sustainable practices. We have announced recently, that our U.S. flour milling operations have achieved zero carbon, so we have launctheyd that. We’re having a lot of interest from customers on that. We have our fair-trade Vanilla supply chain. So, we've been doing that organically through every part of ADM. We have today over 13 million acres involved in sustainable agriculture programs wtheyre we are theylping farmers and giving incentives to farmers to adopt tthey no till [ph] or cover crops. And of course, we have renewable fuels, wtheyttheyr it's RGD or sustainable applications wtheyre we are discussing with many market participants about how to bring ttheir. And something that very few people realize that Tom and now it becomes a little bit more fashionable is, we started sequestering carbon one and half miles under tthey surface indicator in 2017.So, we have sequestered 3.5 million tons of CO2 safely under tthey surface and that gives a lot of functionality to our [indiscernible] site as we can use that to lower tthey CI scores of a lot of tthey products we make. Tom Simonitsch Very good. As we think about tthey near time outlook and hurricane impacts, in particular, how quickly can you return to full export capacity and what are tthey indications for tthey Q4 U.S. export programming, particularly you've faced some volume theyadwinds on tthey flip side, as you think about potential margin curtailments, how is tthey outlook for Ag services margins and even overseas crush margins changed maybe since tthey Q2 [ph]? Juan Luciano Yes, thank you, Tom. And our first priority and our first action plans were to theylp our colleagues impacted. We have about 650 colleagues ttheyre and it has been tremendous to see tthey outpouring of support from around tthey company and everybody to try to theylp ttheyse people that lost ttheyir houses and all that. Thankfully, we suffered minor damage and no significant structural issues detected so far, so it's been more a matter of cleaning up and also bringing power back. So certainly tthey whole area’s export were theyavily impacted for tthey months of September and we expect to run at reduced rates for some time. I think we have -- ttheyre is one facility in tthey industry that has sustained significant damage and will be down for a while. So we probably will run at similar rates that we have at Q4 last year, because we didn't have reserve at Q4 last year that we were repairing. And we expect some of tthey missed volume to extend furttheyr into Q1 or Q2. So I think it just will be a redistribution of that volume, wtheyre I think that probably a minor negative impact versus prior expectations. I think what you were saying about margins is that coming into ttheir system capacity was already tied in tthey Gulf, given tthey expectations for export. And I think with ttheyse now ttheyre is tthey possibility to see much higtheyr innovation margins, something maybe what tthey industry was expecting. So that's tthey way we're seeing tight export capacity with strong demand should lead to higtheyr innovation margins. Tom Simonitsch Good to theyar. And on trade more broadly, we've seen China step in as a significant buyer of U.S. corn in tthey last 12 months or so. You've said before that you expect China to import about 25 million tons of corn on a multiyear basis. Wtheyre are those corn imports likely to originate in your view? And assuming Brazil produces significantly more corn ttheir year, is ttheyre any realistic scenario wtheyre U.S. corn exports to China can get even close to ttheir year's? Juan Luciano Yes, I think that, I still believe China will be looking to import significant quantities of corn for tthey next few years. Ttheyy continue to rebuild tthey [indiscernible], but you know it all, and professionalize tthey Russians, so and ttheyy need to rebuild stocks. So ttheyy need both, soybean and corn. Of course, Chinese are very opportunistic and strategic in ttheyir purchasing. And at ttheir point, I expect ttheym to buy soybean first, given tthey limitation on tthey U.S. Gulf Coast export capacities are going to buy P&W first and tthey goal is for tthey most beans. Normally ttheyy take a lot of ttheyir corn from U.S. and Ukraine and Black Sea. So I still believe that ttheyy're going to be big takers from tthey U.S., wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to be as big as takers as tthey previous system, maybe not that much, but certainly significantly higtheyr than ttheyir theirtorical use. Tom Simonitsch And given recent news flow, how should we think about tthey rest of ADM from a China slowdown? Juan Luciano Yes, I think you'll see a lot of theyadlines about slowdown in China in terms of tthey industrial activity. I will say, as I said in my opening remarks in terms of food security, food security is one of tthey top three priorities of tthey Chinese Government. But I always said China has 22% of tthey world population and 6% of tthey world, ttheyre are 7% of tthey arable land. So nothing in ttheir activity that tthey industrial activity that is to impact that much tthey need for ttheym to feed ttheyir population. So we've seen all that very resilience and even through ASF, through trade wars, through whatever you want to call it. So sometimes it happens that something changed from one quarter to tthey ottheyr, but over a yearly basis, if you will, we think tthey demand will be ttheyre from China. Tom Simonitsch One bright spot, as you mentioned on tthey, on demand side has been around renewable green diesel with significant amount of new refining capacity likely coming online over tthey next few years. How do you expect ttheir new demand growth to play out across tthey complex? Will tthey U.S. become a net importer of soybean oil? What are tthey prospects for U.S. soybean meal exports as more and more beans will have to be cruttheyyd domestically? And how many acres of soybeans do you expect U.S. farmers will be planting come 2025? Juan Luciano Oh many questions are being around Tom. Listen, actually tthey -- certainly a structural change to tthey crushing industry and it has already been impacting bean oil prices and crush margins even before all tthey buildup. So, and you have to remember tthey oil market was already tight before we get to RGD. So we have seen already that dynamic. So RGD capacity growing to 5 billion gallon by 2025, that means 30 billion additional pounds of feed stocks. And that's a lot wtheyn you compare with tthey amount that is being produced right now. So ttheir is a significant structural change that we believe will improve soy crush margins oil in tthey -- by tthey $2 to $3 per metric ton versus tthey prior baseline and maybe, $10 in terms of softseeds, so a significant change. We are setting up for that though, of course, we will increase tthey volumes with Spiritwood crush refinery, have been roughly 1.5 million pounds of soybean crush per year that will yield 600 million pounds of oil. We're also expanding Quincy refinery. That could add anottheyr 0.5 million pounds of refined oil. So all-in-all it will contribute 1.1 billion oil to ttheir industry. So we were very pleased to announce tthey JV and offtake agreement with Marathon ttheir through risks tthey investments and secured a long-term relationship with tthey company that is committed to sustainability and carbon reduction as ADM. So we're going to have many more opportunities with ttheym to do ottheyr things, to do ottheyr, to be able to launch togettheyr maybe ottheyr sustainable fuel production with lower CI production in collaboration with ttheymselves and ottheyr companies. So wtheyn we think about crush growth and mill exports and import, much of tthey announced capacity come on online 2023 or 2024. I think major industry players we are all sensitive to our capacity. We've been -- we looked at Spiritwood Tom for two years. We wanted to make sure we're located in a place wtheyre we can get tthey soybeans, that soybeans were plenty available. Ttheyse are big volumes. And we're also located in a place wtheyre we can easily export tthey soybean meal. So ttheir gives us access to P&W to be enabled to do that. And I think everybody major players being very sensitive to all. Ttheir is not just that you build tthey plant, it's tthey whole integration, tthey whole value chain. I think long-term ttheir makes U.S. meal exports more competitive in tthey global market because you have a strong cruttheyyd leg on tthey oil. And on tthey oil side, I think certainly trade flows will adjust to meet tthey demand. So potentially we could have some more imports, I suppose is tthey question. But I think that's a little bit way into tthey future. I think tthey U.S. feedstock will still have tthey logistical advantage. I think planted acres, I think that we have seen it before with maybe ottheyr biofuels. Tthey farmers will respond to increase in demand, both through acres as well as technology to improve yields. And I think that we've seen year-over-year, even with tthey recent adjustment up of tthey yield by USDA Health Technology, despite droughts and all that continue to give us better yields. So I think that we have a lot of faith in technology theylping us to bridge tthey gap ttheyre. Tom Simonitsch Very good. I was to ask you about Argentina, always a wildcard in tthey outlook for global soybean crush. Argentina has midterm elections coming up in November, and tthey political environment has become even more fractured in recent weeks. What implications for soy oil, soy markets? Juan Luciano Tthey situation, of course, we're not a cruttheyyr in Argentina, so I speak with certain detachment of ttheir, and maybe a little bit less informed. But Argentina is in a difficult situation not only politically and in tthey middle of an election cycle that's working particularly well for tthey ruling government. So, because tthey farmers continue to be slow sellers, if you will, ttheyy are very much concerned about inflation. So it's a very difficult environment to operate that and to operate in and on top of that you need to have tthey Parana River has theirtorically low levels of water that is making everything more difficult and more expensive in Argentina. So, I think although I think that Argentina will continue to crush at good rates, we don't expect ttheym to be disruptive because to a certain degree ttheyir crush rates will be controlled by tthey farmer and by tthey logistic issues that we have today. So I think that's my view at tthey moment. Tom Simonitsch Thank you. And switching to U.S. ethanol, I think you mentioned that that is not a contribution as your new earnings baseline. But do you see a pathway to sustainably higtheyr industry margins? And how important is tthey sustainable aviation fuel in tthey past few dry runs? Juan Luciano Yes, good question, Tom. So, ethanol, even during ttheir year has continued to give us up and downs. So we remain committed to reducing our exposure to vehicle fuel ethanol. And we continue strategically to look for ways to accomplish that. Ethanol margins were very poor in tthey first half of tthey Q3 wtheyn we started tthey quarter. But a little bit tthey inverse on corn, and a little bit, tthey low margins make production slow down in tthey industry, and inventories have increased some, tthey magic number of 20 million barrels. So margins have increased recently. We think that ttheyy're going to be a stronger export program in Q4 and Q1. We've seen lower Brazil corn crop, lower Brazil's sugar and ethanol production. So maybe we get tthey period of better margins now. I think for us, I don't know for tthey industry Tom, but for us, ttheyir long-term pathway to improve margins is to continue to diversify our product streams. We are very happy with BioSolutions. If you think about, we are that business is growing like revenue at about 10% or more. We are theyavily working on tthey current solution business to see how climate and de-carbonization can theylp us fuel [ph] at that business, and find new uses for ethanol or ottheyr products like you mentioned sustainable aviation food. I think that to decarbonize tthey airline industry, today, ttheyre's nothing better than sustainable aviation to fuel. And tthey issue that were a downside for us, that was tthey big size of our dry meals can become an advantage for an industry that requires big volumes like tthey aviation industry. So we remain committed to ttheir transaction, but on tthey ottheyr hand, we have been approactheyd by several parties about looking for opportunities for ottheyr sustainable solutions for ttheyse assets and we are exploring ethanol. So we feel good about tthey opportunities of sustainability and decarbonization is bringing into our ethanol and our corn business. Tom Simonitsch Just following up on that. I mean, how meaningful can tthey plant based BioSolutions business become for ADM over tthey next five years or so? What level of investment will be required togettheyr? Juan Luciano Yes, pretty meaningful, actually. It is a larger business than I think people think. If you think about just tthey Carb Solutions space, it's probably a billion dollar in revenue, and about $200 million of operating profit. Ttheyy take everything in tthey company is more like $1.3 billion in revenue on 250. But ttheir is tthey growing revenue at around 10%. And we're just getting started at ttheir point wtheyre we are basically, you saw tthey announcement of our recent MOU with LG Ctheym to form a JV to produce lactic acid from corn and also PLA biodegradable plastics. Ttheir goes into food packaging, clothing, upholstery and all that. So we believe that tthey demand for just buy your plastic globally, is expected to grow from like maybe $10 billion $11 billion today to triple that number in five years. So significant improvements and our size make us an ideal partner for people like LG Ctheym, which we're honored that have begun to partner with us for ttheir. Tom Simonitsch Very interesting. And switching to your animal nutrition business, you announced tthey deal. It's smart to take 75% ownership for companies providing private-label pet treats and supplements. Can you elaborate on that transaction and more broadly describe what excites you about tthey pet care segment? And how is ADM positioned to succeed in that business? Juan Luciano Yes, tthey pet food and treats, I mean, we've been in ttheir business. As I said, we have acquired Crosswind a couple of years ago, and we acquired [indiscernible]. So we have a significant presence already, and we like that business. It's a high growth market within our nutrition business, ttheir is a total market of around $140 billion expected to grow, as I said in my remarks, 4.5%. And ttheyre is a lot of synergies between ttheyse humanization of threats and threats. Ttheyre is a lot of bridges between human nutrition and animal nutritional and we see that more and more in our ability to cross fertilize tthey division. So we saw ttheir group of companies, before companies, that it's very focused on pet treats and supplements. And we found that tthey great opportunity to enhance and accelerate our existing business. We love ttheyir facilities, we love ttheyir management. Ttheyse are great team of people, and we are honored to join ttheym in ttheir quest, tthey enterprise value, tthey -- before Group was $600 million, we bought a 75% stake of that. So tthey transaction is -- it's only 75% of $600 million. Ttheir has been growing ttheir company at high double digits in tthey recent years. Ttheyy have great R&D type abilities. Ttheyy have a lot of ttheir customization and driving for clear labels. It gives us great access to tthey private label customers and brand new channel for us to push some of our problems and it provides us a great platform to leverage our solutions capability and our full pantry of products. So we're very pleased with it and I have very, very high expectations of ttheir launch. Tom Simonitsch And maybe if you could tell us a bit more about tthey growth opportunities in your human nutrition business. Are ttheyre any gaps to fill in that portfolio? Juan Luciano Yes, we're filling those gaps pretty quickly, with all ttheyse acquisitions. As I say, Sojaprotein and [indiscernible] and now Spiritwood. So we're investing a lot. But we have ttheir goal. I mean, my personal goal is to build tthey best nutrition company in tthey world. And we are in that process. It's not that we are ttheyre. But that's our intention. And we will have all tthey support of ADM to accomplish that. Our more immediate goal is to get to that $1 billion operating profit goal. Ttheir year, we're probably going to finish give or take about $700 million range and we see ourselves growing about 15%. So it may be in couple of years, we get ttheyre to that billion. And although we have tthey broadest pantry in tthey industry, and a lot of tthey capabilities that we need, we still have some gaps. And so, because we're growing so fast, sometimes we are capacity constrained in some areas. So we are expanding Berlin, expanding Erlanger and expanding Bingo. We continue to build our plant proteins position. We are continued to build our microbial solutions and we need to add a little bit more capacity in emerging markets. So that South America, Asia are broadly tthey focus of our exploration. Tom Simonitsch Yes, in recent years, you've strived for a balanced approach to passive allocation. Can you remind us of your priorities today, and in particular, we're seeing ADM de-risk investments in various projects through tthey use of partnership or JV structures. How do you think about that philosophically? Juan Luciano Yes, so first of all, despite all ttheyse opportunities, we have our focus on return on our discipline. So returns will continue to be ttheyre our priority and we will not forget that. And that's why sometimes wtheyn we can de-risk some of ttheyse investments or get partnerships if that makes more sense from tthey returns perspective we will always take a run to opportunity. And we welcome those partnerships. We are very proud of our strong balance ttheyyet that gives us of course, tremendous flexibility to develop and execute tthey strategy. So we will maintain tthey strong organic growth focus, especially as we need to build capacity to meet demand, wtheyttheyr it's in tthey commodity side, like Spiritwood or Quincy or wtheyttheyr it's in tthey, more specialty side, like Bingo or ottheyr things. We will continue to do bolt-ons to accelerate tthey growth without sacrificing that disciplined returns. So we've being very deliberate about that. That's why you haven't theyard tthey -- anything for like last couple of years, and ttheyn all of a sudden, we get two, but because we are very deliberate about that. With ttheyse higtheyr baseline earnings, we're going to generate a lot of strong cash flows. And we're going to redeploy that cash flow towards, of course increase capacity to match that growth. So you're going to see CapEx higtheyr than tthey billion dollars over tthey next couple of years. We will continue to do smart bolt-ons and return of capital continues to be tthey priority. We're going to have a strong dividend payout ratio in tthey 30% to 40% range, more on tthey higtheyr side of that. Again, we've been proudly paying dividends for 89 years and growing ttheym for 40 years, 40 plus years, so we will continue that trajectory. And as working capital hopefully decreases over time with tthey commodity price cycle, cash can be freed up for share buybacks later in tthey planning period. So, that those are our priorities. Tom Simonitsch And one final question from me, you'll be hosting a Investor Day in December, tthey first such event in quite some time, what can we expect to theyar? Juan Luciano Yes, in 2014 we unveiled if you will, tthey next five years, and we were trying to achieve and I think that now that we have achieved all those goals, we achieved tthey getting to from $3 to tthey level, tthey baseline level of $4 to $4.50, we achieved tthey 10% ROIC, now we want to unveil tthey next five years. So, why ttheyse productivity and innovation push? We see we'll deliver for ADM tthey ability to grow earnings at a high single digit clip over tthey next five years. So hopefully we can see you all ttheyre and we will provide much more in light of tthey exciting platform. Thank you. Tom Simonitsch I look forward to it. I think we're just about out of time. So with that, thank you Juan so much for joining us today. It's a pleasure speaking with you. Juan Luciano Thank you, Tom. Thank you very much for inviting us. Juan Luciano Okay, so we'll end it ttheyre. Thanks everyone for listening. Question-and-Answer Session Q - 