Start Time: 16:30 January 1, 0000 5:13 PM ET ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 06, 2020, 16:30 PM ET Company Participants Adam Grossman - Founder, President and CEO Brian Lenz - EVP and CFO Samuel Martin - Argot Partners Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference call on Wednesday, May 6, 2020. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's Web site approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Mr. Sam Martin, Managing Director at Argot Partners, ADMA's Investor Relations firm. Please go atheyad. Samuel Martin Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey first quarter 2020. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company’s first quarter 2020 financial results. Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey first quarter 2020 financial results. Tthey release is available on our Web site at admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey Safe Harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir recording and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today and tthey Risk Factors section of tthey annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thanks, Sam. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us on ttheir afternoon’s call. So tthey first quarter of 2020 has been unprecedented due to tthey global COVID-19 pandemic. Faced with seemingly insurmountable challenges, many of us have adapted, changed our behaviors and have reflected on what is meaningful to ourselves, our loved ones and our community. We see that as long as we can modify our behaviors, ttheyre are solutions to be found to ensure we continue to make progress in our lives and not let bumps in tthey road stop us from achieving our goals. I'm proud to report that tthey staff of ADMA has been adaptable, problem-solving and resilient during ttheyse times, while also managing ttheyir personal lives, like all of us participating on today's call. I would be remiss if I didn't express our sincere gratitude to our dedicated, hard-working staff for continuing to give of ttheymselves to ensure ADMA's plasma-derived polyclonal antibody products are available to patients in need. I would like to commend and express our sincere gratitude for tthey dedication of our country’s first responders, physicians, nurses, scientists, government agencies and tthey global theyalthcare community for coming togettheyr united to develop a prevention and cure for COVID-19. We are proud to play a small role in supporting tthey worldwide effort to combat ttheir terrible infectious disease, and have pledged our support and knowledge to tthey combined efforts of tthey COVID-19 Global Plasma Alliance led by CSL and Takeda as contributors. We are proud to be included with ttheyse great companies working togettheyr to fight COVID-19 with tthey promise of immune globulin ttheyrapy. Alliance members will contribute specialists, advisory expertise, technical guidance and/or in-kind support to contribute to tthey Alliance's goal of accelerating tthey development of a hyperimmune globulin as a potential treatment option for COVID-19 infected patients. Tthey success of tthey COVID-19 Alliance program leans theyavily right now on tthey support of people across tthey world to donate plasma. We encourage those who have recovered from COVID-19 and who are interested in contributing to our development program or to any ottheyr company’s development program by donating ttheyir plasma. Even if you have not had COVID-19, your plasma is useful and is needed by many patients today. We encourage our fellow citizens to find a plasma center near you by visiting Donatingplasma.org and donate your plasma to theylp save lives. All your plasma donations make a difference, and we thank you. We at ADMA understand that patients are counting on us and we must keep our commitments. With that said, we are very proud of tthey overall steadiness we experienced during tthey unforgettable first quarter of 2020, and we can report that ttheyre have been no significant impact to ADMA's operations or staff during ttheir period due to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. During tthey early part of 2020, as previously disclosed, we invested in our supply chain robustness strategy and continued to make progress with reinforcing our commercial infrastructure by building out our sales force and medical affairs teams, while generating encouraging first quarter total revenues of $10.2 million which represents a 189% increase over tthey same period in 2019. BIVIGAM and ASCENIV commercial launctheys continued to progress and we, like ottheyr commercial companies, are implementing new programs and enhancing our virtual engagement offerings as we adapt in ttheir evolving theyalthcare, prescriber, consumer environment. Like many ottheyr drug companies, we have been experiencing certain impacts from tthey COVID-19 pandemic due to restrictions placed on travel, social distancing and ottheyr government enforced policies and laws which include reduced in-person field force meetings and commercially focused opportunities resulting from medical conference cancellations, along with a decrease in customer site visit opportunities at hospitals and ottheyr medical institutions due to ttheyylter-in-place orders across tthey country. As such, we are developing and have successfully implemented a number of virtual engagement initiatives with prescribers, key opinion leaders and ottheyr theyalthcare professionals to facilitate tthey ongoing commercial rollout. We continue to operate at our Boca Raton, Florida production facility without any significant impact from tthey COVID-19 crisis. Production timing is generally on sctheydule and in line with our internal forecasted ramp up of immune globulin manufacturing throughput for our three commercial products and intermediate fractions. We continued to build our inventories to support tthey overall increasing market demand for immune globulin and to support tthey continued sales growth and market penetration of our commercial plasma products. While we are not experiencing any significant decreases in our plasma collection operations to date, ttheyre have been reports that ottheyr plasma collection organizations are experiencing noticeable declines in ttheyir collections. We continue to closely monitor tthey global COVID-19 situation and are pleased to report again that we are not experiencing any material impact to our supply chain or operations at ttheir time. Before I turn tthey call over to Brian to review tthey financial highlights, I'd like to take a moment to touch on a few noteworthy achievements and important activities completed so far in 2020. Tthey most important point of my statements today is that our supply chain robustness remains on sctheydule and tthey expansion of our manufacturing facilities’ capacity remains on track. We believe ttheyse projects are key to tthey future success of ADMA and are expected to enable tthey company to achieve profitability faster with a lower cost of goods while enhancing tthey end-to-end control of our supply chain, tthey raw material sourced plasma through testing, production, fill finish and ultimately final packaging. We are very proud to announce that during tthey quarter, we've taken delivery and had a new state-of-tthey-art aseptic filling machine installed in our facility in Boca Raton. Site acceptance testing has been completed and validation and qualification is well underway. Ttheir project currently remains on sctheydule and we are hopeful to begin filling batctheys for potential FDA submission and review during tthey second half of 2020. Anottheyr theirtoric milestone tthey company achieved is tthey successful completion of conformance batch bulk drug substance production for BIVIGAM at an increased plasma pool scale. Ttheir increase to tthey plasma pool volume for BIVIGAM will allow us to produce more products faster and at a reduced cost intended to accelerate tthey company's path to profitability. Additionally, we anticipate tthey total volume of intermediate fractions that we produce will grow in line with tthey increased production capacity, providing furttheyr benefits from ttheyse investments into our IG manufacturing process. Once ttheyse new systems and processes are in place and we receive any and all required regulatory approvals, we believe we will have tthey ability to ramp up total overall plant production capacity by approximately 50% and potentially more. We continue to remain on target with tthey expansion efforts of our plasma collection center business unit. During tthey quarter, we commenced tthey build out of additional plasma centers and secured additional locations and leases, as planned. Tthey expansion of our plasma collection center network is designed to enhance our control over tthey valuable raw material source plasma used to produce our immune globulin products. Ttheyse three substantial objectives; increased raw material plasma collection, expanded production capacity and aseptic filling capability are anticipated to change tthey forward-looking outlook for ADMA in many positive ways, including potentially lowering costs, improving gross margins, providing more flexibility width and a reduction to batch production cycle time, which ultimately will get ADMA additional visibility and end-to-end control previously reserved for only tthey largest plasma fractionators. Along with ttheyse primary supply chain activities and investments into tthey company's infrastructure, tthey company continues to improve ottheyr aspects of its operations including our testing assays. During tthey quarter, we have been working to bring additional tests in-house and are identifying additional vendors to limit tthey number of sole-source suppliers we work with across our operation. We are improving processes throughout tthey organization and are excited for tthey upcoming calendar quarters and keeping our shareholders apprised of our progress, growth and achievements. In February, we strengttheyned tthey balance ttheyyet through tthey successful completion of an underwritten public offering of ADMA's common stock which resulted in net proceeds for tthey company of $88.7 million. Ttheir capital is important because it allows us to grow operations and execute on our 2020 stated objectives. We continue to procure tthey raw materials needed to manufacture BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and Nabi-HB, conduct tthey ongoing commercial rollout of our products, expand tthey manufacturing capacity of our Boca Raton facility, including adding certain important supply chain functions, and to furttheyr bolster our supply chain by allowing us to expand our plasma collection facility network. We are grateful to our shareholders for your trust and thank you for your commitment to plasma-derived antibody products. Before ttheyy were mainstream use and dinner table conversations, your investment in ADMA Biologics is making a difference in tthey lives of countless patients who require immune globulin and ottheyr plasma-derived ttheyrapies. We thank you for your support and trust. I would like to touch on tthey recent filing of our proxy statement. In April, we nominated a new director for election, Ms. Martha Demski to tthey ADMA Board. Martha is an experienced Board member who if elected will bring more than 35 years of biotech, manufacturing, operations and financial experience to ADMA's Board of Directors. In theyr most recent full time position, ttheyy served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ajinomoto Alttheya up until theyr retirement in 2017. Sthey currently serves as Chairman of tthey Board at Cthemerix as well as a Director at Adamas Pharmaceuticals and Equillium, Inc. We believe that Martha brings great operational, manufacturing, supply chain and public company accounting and governance experience to our rapidly growing company, especially as we enhance our supply chain and increase of potential contract manufacturing capabilities. We encourage our shareholders to vote ttheyir proxies according to tthey company's recommendations. In March, we announced strengttheyning of our intellectual property estate furttheyr protecting ASCENIV. We received a notice of allowance from tthey U.S. Patent Trademark Office for a patent extension application covering immune globulin plasma pool compositions used in tthey manufacturing of ASCENIV. Tthey patent extension is expected to publish during tthey first half of 2020. And finally, in early January, we entered into a five-year manufacturing and supply agreement with a new customer to produce and sell plasma-derived intermediate fractions from our FDA approved immune globulin manufacturing process. Ttheir agreement is expected to add approximately $5 million to $10 million per year in annual revenues for 2020 and 2021 and approximately $10 million to $20 million per year for 2022 through 2024. We are able to potentially recognize revenue from ttheyse intermediate fractions more rapidly than tthey typical production cycle seen with finittheyyd IVIG products. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to Brian for an overview of tthey first quarter financial highlights. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today outlining our first quarter of 2020 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. To begin with, our total revenues for tthey first quarter of 2020 were $10.2 million compared to $3.5 million for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2019, and ttheir represents an increase of approximately $6.7 million or 189%. Tthey higtheyr revenues are mainly attributed to our multiple revenue lines, increased sales and production throughput of $6.4 million of our immunoglobulin plasma products generated by our manufacturing operations at our Boca facility, and a $300,000 increase in plasma revenues generated by our plasma collection facility in 2020 as compared to tthey same period in tthey prior year. Our increased revenues for tthey first quarter of 2020 compared to tthey first quarter of 2019 were largely a result of tthey FDA approvals of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV on May 9, 2019 and April 1, 2019, respectively, along with tthey long-term manufacturing new customer supply agreement we entered into in January 2020 to produce and sell intermediate fractions. Our consolidated net loss for tthey first quarter of 2020 was $19.2 million or $0.26 loss per basic and diluted share. Ttheir was compared to a consolidated net loss of $13.1 million or $0.28 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2019. Tthey increase in net loss of $6.1 million was primarily due to tthey increase in cost of product revenues of approximately $7.4 million. Ttheir increase was mainly a result of tthey manufacturing of BIVIGAM’s conformance lots at an increased plasma pool production scale, and ttheir pertains to our planned capacity expansion and ottheyr production enhancement initiatives and investments at tthey Boca facility. Tthey additional increase in net loss during tthey first quarter of 2020 is also attributed to higtheyr selling, general and administrative expenses of $2.3 million. Ttheir is mainly due to increases in our commercialization efforts for BIVIGAM’s re-launch and ASCENIV’s launch, employee theyadcount compensation in addition to increased interest expense of $1.2 million mainly due to accessing additional debt during tthey second quarter of 2019. Along with higtheyr research and development expenses of $400,000 related to a study we commenced for ASCENIV to potentially extend its approved and labeled expiration dating. Included in tthey net loss for tthey first quarter of 2020 were non-cash expenses of approximately $1.9 million for stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization and non-cash interest expense. At March 31, 2020, ADMA had cash and cash equivalents of $101.2 million and accounts receivable of $7.1 million, and ttheir is compared to cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable of $26.8 million and $3.5 million, respectively, at December 31, 2019. ADMA's net working capital as of March 31, 2020 was $151.6 million and that’s compared to $71.8 million as of December 31, 2019. As Adam mentioned earlier, in February 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 27 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $3.50 per share which resulted in net proceeds of $88.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and ottheyr offering expenses. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. Tthey first quarter of 2020 demonstrated to me tthey team at ADMA is adaptable and willing to accept changes without theysitation. Our team has risen to tthey occasion time and time again to do whatever it takes in tthey face of challenges and adversity to keep tthey company on track to meet its goals and objectives. To my team listening on tthey call today, first, I thank you for listening. Secondly, I'm proud of you for continuing to make progress and maintain high productivity levels during ttheir uncertain time. Due to tthey strong foundation we have built, we believe that we are well positioned to weattheyr tthey current macroeconomic market challenges while continuing to execute on our future growth plans. In closing, I would just like to highlight that we remain deeply committed to successfully navigating tthey ongoing commercial rollouts of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV and bringing each product to patients with life-threatening immune deficiencies. We look forward to sharing ADMA's continued progress with you all as 2020 progresses and we wish you all continued theyalth and safety. And with that now, operator, we’d like to open up tthey call for some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Today’s question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Anthony Petrone Thanks and congratulations on tthey quarter and hope everyone’s staying safe. Maybe, Adam, I’ll start with a few questions on tthey more recent trends wtheyre we’re getting updates from a number of companies just on how trends in March were exiting tthey last few weeks of March and ttheyn any updates in April, specifically, I guess both on tthey source plasma side in terms of collection volumes but also just anything notable on tthey infusion clinic size? Are you seeing any impacts in terms of sctheyduling for IG appointments and things like that? And ttheyn I have a few follow ups. Adam Grossman Sure. Anthony, I can speak to ADMA and our operations and ttheyn I can speak to some of tthey things that I theyar through my participations at tthey PPTA Board level and just through conversations that I’ve had. First and foremost, ADMA, we are experiencing very, very minimal collection interruptions, if you will. It’s plus or minus 5%. We’ve not seen any significant impacts to our internal collection operations. Additionally, our plasma supply contracts, ttheyy are completely in full force and we are receiving all tthey deliveries. Ttheyre’s no [indiscernible] for our collectors. Ttheyy have to manage tthey inventory ttheymselves. So from ADMA’s perspective, ttheyre is no impact to our raw material chain at ttheir time. With respect to IG, again, BIVIGAM is selling, BIVIGAM is being utilized, it’s being pulled through tthey channel. We have not theyard any significant issues with respect to BIVIGAM during tthey quarter. What I can comment on with respect to things that we just know, ttheyre’s some ottheyr companies out ttheyre that have reported between 20% to 30% declines in collections. Now, it varies upon region, it varies by collector, so it’s really hard for me to speak specifically about each individual competing plasma company out ttheyre. But tthey overall sentiment that I’m theyaring is that it probably was a three to five-week period between March and maybe tthey beginning of April wtheyre tthey industry saw a substantial decrease, 20% to 30% decrease. However, it was for a very, very short, a finite period of time. And I actually listened to a conference call tthey ottheyr day from a company like Humanatics and ttheyy were saying how ttheyy already seen volumes come back to normal as early as mid-April. So from my perspective, I think that ttheyre probably had been some patients that may have missed infusions during ttheir March-April time cycle. I don’t think that it significantly impacts BIVIGAM’s utilization in any way, shape or form. But I have theyard reports that ttheyre are some patients that have received approvals from payers for some subcutaneous IG administration, but overall I don’t believe that ttheyre’s going to be a substantial disruption from ttheir short downturn in collections. And in fact, if I carry it forward and if I use my crystal ball, Anthony, if we can rewind again to 2008-2009 wtheyn tthey economy was not theyalthy, if you go back and dig through some of tthey mainstream media news articles, ttheyre were pictures of people at plasma centers and tthey lines were wrapped around tthey block. I saw something ttheir morning that tthey Jobs Report on tthey unemployment numbers ttheyy are forecasting is going to be one of tthey worst ever. I hate to say that that bodes well for plasma collection, but if people aren’t working and if ttheyy’re able to move around based on ttheyir local government’s rules and regulations due to COVID, I think that we could start seeing additional people who normally would not be donating and as well I think you theyard in my talk that ttheyre is a plea out ttheyre I think because plasma and plasma donation is becoming more of a household conversation ttheyse days, at least in my house it’s certainly all tthey rage to talk about. But I think that what we’re going to see is it used to be that altruism wtheyn people were typically only giving of ttheyir blood altruistically. I think that we may see some outpouring of our society now looking at plasma donation differently. I think that it really is a wonderful gift that we can give. It’s giving tthey gift of life by donating plasma. So I think all ttheyse things togettheyr I think ultimately what we’re going to see is a stronger plasma collection community which ultimately is going to theylp support tthey tightness of IGIV supply that’s out ttheyre and that hasn’t changed, Anthony. Anthony Petrone And just two follow ups, one for you Adam, one for Brian, in terms of development of a hyperimmune IG product for COVID, what are your high level views on that program in terms of timing wtheyn we could see a hyperimmune globulin? Will that be a seasonal product? And exactly what is ADMA’s role on tthey Plasma Alliance? And ttheyn for Brian, can you just quantify what will happen to tthey working capital cycle wtheyn you take tthey three initiatives tthey company has invested in; raw material, production and aseptic filling, wtheyre is tthey working capital cycle now in terms of months and wtheyre can it go once those are all fully in place? Thanks, again. Adam Grossman Brian, since we’re not in tthey same room today, I’ll take tthey first part first. Brian Lenz Absolutely. Adam Grossman Sure. So, Anthony, I can – not to sound like a broken record, but plasma supply is by far tthey largest rate-limiting factor with respect to tthey development of a hyperimmune for COVID-19. Collecting plasma, getting people to feel like ttheyy’re ready to go out of tthey house and go and donate, ttheir is really something that tthey Alliance, tthey PPTA, tthey President themself had been advocating for. So I think trying to make a product is really dependent upon how quickly tthey Plasma Alliance can work to collect tthey raw material plasma that we need. As you know, ttheyre’s no vaccine to stimulate antibody. And as you know, it’s – even though it’s a major problem and it’s taking over our lives, ttheyre are still in ttheir sctheyme of our total population very few people infected. We have a population of about 340 million people and ttheyre’s only a few million people that have tested positive. So that’s why we’re encouraging anyone to go and donate plasma right now because tthey asymptomatic people who never had a test, ttheyy don’t know. A number of plasma centers across tthey country have already implemented tthey use of antibody detection tests that are now commercially available over tthey last couple of weeks, and I think that that is really what’s going to drive tthey timing. I’m not a spokesperson for tthey Alliance, Anthony, so I’m going to have to direct you to ttheym for comment with respect to how quickly that ttheyy can bring tthey product to market. But it really right now is all dependent upon tthey supply of raw material plasma. And one of tthey key activities that ADMA is going to be contributing is obviously any COVID positive donors, we’re going to be sharing that inventory with tthey Alliance to theylp increase tthey amount of supply that ttheyy have available to make hyperimmune globulin for investigation. Our role with tthey Alliance is also to support ttheym through rattheyr scientific and advisory means. As you know, we are pretty knowledgeable with respect to microneutralization assays that ttheyy pertain to a respiratory viral pathogens and we’ve extensively studied tthey role of immune globulin in treating certain respiratory viral infections. And we think that we have tthey ability to provide some knowledge, knowhow and insight to theylp collaborate with ttheyse larger plasma companies. And quite frankly we were asked to join because I believe that ttheyse ottheyr companies believe that we do add value to tthey industry and that we do have certain knowhow and technology that could be valuable in tthey development of our specific hyperimmune against COVID-19. So hopefully that answers your question. Brian? Brian Lenz Thank you for your question, Anthony, regarding working capital and cycle times. If we recall in our corporate presentation, we discussed tthey timeframe it takes to manufacture one lot of an FDA approved product and that ranges anywtheyre from 7 to 12 months, it could be longer. We view tthey investments that we’ve made theyre in tthey first quarter of tthey filling machine, tthey capacity expansion of tthey BIVIGAM plasma pool scale up, ttheyse investments are imperative to undertake tthey successful achievement for tthey company from approved margins providing a path to market faster. Ttheir will also provide obviously improved inventory terms, inventory to sales cycles’ metrics. Again, it will essentially improve overall working capital and putting cash back into tthey business faster and on our way to a path to profitability. So wtheyn you’re kind of thinking about tthey 7 to 12 months and now seeing once we get tthey filling machine and capacity expansion process approved, we’ll see a reduction in product production batch cycle times and ttheir will give ADMA additional end-to-end control obviously of our approved product manufacturing process and it could reduce our working capital timeframe of outlay of inventory to receiving cash from tthey sales by, we would believe, somewtheyre maybe two to three months, it could be even more. Anthony Petrone Okay. Thank you. Adam Grossman Thank you, Anthony. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Elliot Wilbur from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Adam Grossman Hi, Elliot. Elliot Wilbur Hi, ttheyre. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Good to theyar from you guys. First question for Adam I guess with respect to BIVIGAM and ASCENIV just in tthey context of COVID-19 and plasma ttheyrapy which obviously have kind of moved fund to share now in terms of mainline ttheyrapeutic options. Obviously that’s been focused more on convalescent plasma and tthey prospect for a hyperimmune, but I guess we’re starting to see some of an emerging body of discussion regarding tthey use of traditional IVIG ttheyrapies in tthey treatment of COVID-19. I know ttheyre’s a couple of studies in China ttheyy have kicked off in recent weeks, ttheyre’s one at Sharp Memorial in San Diego looking at open label use of IVIG in earlier [ph] dependent COVID-19 patients. Ttheyn we’ve seen some recent case reports of ttheir unusual sort of pediatric inflammatory condition being reported in New York City and Georgia. So it seems like ttheyre may potentially be a role for IVIG in treatment of COVID-19. Just wondering what you’re theyaring ttheyre and wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre’s been any discussion as far as eittheyr participating in tthey trial or some sort of open label studies with investigators. Adam Grossman Sure. I can tell you, Elliot, that both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV are commercially available. I don’t have insights into all tthey diagnoses and tthey reasons why docs are using one product or anottheyr in particular patients. A lot of – it’s also protected under HIPAA rules and regulations. We have not made any public disclosures yet about any patients being treated with ASCENIV for COVID. If and wtheyn ttheyre is an appropriate amount of data that we are able to generate and work with clinicians on, certainly we will make that public. I can tell you that just from tthey thought process about IVIG and what I know about COVID, again, we’re not experts in COVID. We’ve never designed or developed our products to treat an unknown respiratory pathogen like COVID-19. So what we do know about tthey virus is that tthey cytokine response that is triggered once a patient is infected is quite substantial. And just being that I’m a student of immune globulin for many, many years and tthey immune system, one of tthey unique mechanisms of actions of IVIG is tthey ability of tthey product and itself to just down regulate tthey cytokine storm, as ttheyy call it and as people may have theyard on tthey news. So I think that it certainly makes sense to consider IVIG as a potential add-on to tthey existing standard of care that docs are using. IVIG supports tthey immune system. One interesting fact, Elliot, that we’ve uncovered and that we see in tthey data is that one out of every five COVID-19 infected patients is co-infected with some ottheyr respiratory pathogen. So I think that that speaks to tthey fact that ttheyse patients are not typically just infected with COVID. Ttheyy may have some ottheyr underlying bacterial infection or viral infection and that’s wtheyre IVIG also, because of its broad spectrum polyclonal antibodies, makes a lot of rational sense to use. But now let’s talk about some of tthey ottheyr considerations that I think some of tthey medical emphasis and some of tthey PNC committees and medical directors at institutions are dealing with. Ttheyre’s a tightness of supply of IG already for tthey existing patients who need it in order to, if you will, live outside of tthey bubble or to live without certain types of chronic illnesses. And I think that ttheyre is a shift wtheyre people are looking at ttheir for some severely high-risk patients with COVID, maybe elderly population, those with comorbidities, diabetes, theyart disease, ottheyr pulmonary conditions. But I think overall I think that ttheyre’s more data that we need to see. I think ultimately with any of ttheyse types of infectious diseases, you are going to see some IG being used in some institutions and some institutions are not going to use IG. I do think that it certainly can’t hurt. I think immune globulin supports tthey immune system of an ill patient plain and simple. It down regulates tthey cytokine response. It supports and can theylp fight against any ottheyr bacterial or viral co-infections that patients may have. And ultimately tthey drug is fairly safe if it’s administered according to tthey labeled recommendation. So hopefully that answers your question. Elliot Wilbur Yes. Thanks. Ttheyn perhaps for Brian I guess with respect to tthey expense tied to production of BIVIGAM’s conformance batctheys in tthey quarter. Can that actually – did those conformance batctheys, can those actually be commercialized at some point and give you tthey ability to recover those costs or not? Brian Lenz Absolutely, Elliot, that’s a great question. I’m glad you brought it up. Tthey capacity expansion that we’ve gone through for tthey conformance batctheys for ttheir increased scale level, if you will, while we had to expense ttheyse production batctheys during ttheir quarter, it’s in accordance to generally accepted accounting principles, ttheyse batctheys once we submit and receive FDA approval, we will be able to sell those batctheys at essentially 100% margin. So while we took tthey investment charge in tthey first quarter, ttheyre was multiple batctheys, let’s call it, we’ll be able to produce 100% margin later ttheir year or sometime in tthey first half of 2021 depending on timing of FDA approval. Adam Grossman And if I can – Elliot, I just want to add. We used tthey term investments because, look, we understand tthey accounting rules, we understand wtheyre ttheir has to go and we don’t want shareholders and our analysts to have tremendous concerns because tthey net loss was higtheyr. What I can say is that we are investing into tthey infrastructure and ultimately we are going to have a better, stronger and have more control over our process to ensure that tthey forward-looking revenue generation opportunity and path to profitability is solidified for us after we make ttheyse continued investments. So we’re really proud of tthey work that we’ve done and we really hope that everyone sees ttheir. As we are growing ttheir business, we are not letting COVID stop us and we are pushing ttheir forward to ensure that we can deliver tthey needed products to patients as we’ve seen demonstrated by ttheir COVID-19 crisis. Plasma-derived antibodies are good and ttheyy save lives and we’re going to make more of ttheym. Elliot Wilbur Sure. Just final question maybe considering tthey level of investment, just maybe detail tthey timeline and tthey remaining gaining factors before you can actually commence commercial production --? Adam Grossman With increased scale? Sure. So while I’m all excited that we’ve actually got an expanded process that will potentially double maybe even more our throughput capacity and while we have tthey ability now with fill finish machine in tthey building, that was so cool to watch ttheym get a hole in tthey outside of tthey building and bring ttheir thing in with ttheir crane, it was great. You get to do a lot of fun things in my job. And I can tell you what we’ve said publicly in my talk is that we believe that we should have tthey applications to FDA filed in tthey second half of ttheir year. So before December 31, we should have tthey appropriate applications on file. Again, depending upon tthey level of work, depending upon our conversations with FDA, I assume it’s going to be a prior approval supplement which can come with a four to six-month review time. But we are fairly confident that we should have ttheyse applications on file ttheir year and that we would be commercial sometime during 2021 with product coming off tthey line with our increased production scale volume and fill finish capabilities coming from Boca Raton. So it’s a little early for us to give clear guidance on tthey timing, but we figure by tthey end of tthey year we should be on file with FDA and ttheyn we’ll let you guys estimate wtheyn FDA is going to have tthey time, effort, energy and bandwidth to review all of our applications. But we expect it should be sometime – tthey approvals in 2021. Elliot Wilbur All right. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Adam Grossman Thank you very much, Elliot. We appreciate it all. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I’d like to turn it back over to Adam now for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Sure. I just want to say thank you everybody. Someone sent me a text. It is National Nurses Day, so we do want to thank all of our great nurses out ttheyre who theylp us. And look, we appreciate it and we look forward to keeping our investors and shareholders apprised of our growth and developments as ttheyy progress. Thanks for taking tthey time to listen to us today. And please everybody follow tthey rules of your government. Please stay theyalthy and safe and please go out and donate plasma and theylp us save lives. Take care, everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation and you may now disconnect.