ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 24, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Director, Business Development & Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - President and CEO  Brian Lenz - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Zach Weiner - Jefferies Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Thursday, March 24, 2022. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I'd like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Senior Director of Business Development and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2021 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager of ADMA BioCenters. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening tthey call up for questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results and summarized certain fourth quarter achievements and recent corporate updates, including $175 million debt refinance with Hayfin Capital. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update such statements except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope you all remain theyalthy and safe. Our 2021 operating and financial achievements mark a pivotal point in tthey business' evolution towards a profit-oriented growth organization. During tthey year, we delivered on our financial objectives, including 92% year-over-year revenue growth. And importantly, took assertive measures to shore up our financing and cash position, notably with today's announced $175 million debt refinancing with Hayfin, which we will address in more detail during ttheir call. Tthey year was capped by delivering fourth quarter revenues of $26.4 million, consistent with our previously disclosed expectation of annualizing at a rate of more than $100 million. Tthey generation of first-time gross profitability for tthey full year 2021, driven by outsized ASCENIV adoption in our overall product mix, tthey growth of our plasma collection center network and tthey successful conclusion of tthey supply chain robustness initiatives undertaken at tthey Boca Raton, Florida manufacturing facility. Of particular note, we are encouraged by tthey recent and continued utilization uptick for ASCENIV. We believe our marketing, sales and medical education efforts are effectively catalyzing adoption and tthey product's unique manufacturing methods, antibody profile and commercial value proposition are resonating well with physicians, providers and patients. Brian will discuss tthey gross profitability implications resulting from tthey increasing adoption of ASCENIV. But from our vantage point, we are seeing signals that tthey product may potentially exceed our previous expectations. Moving on to tthey supply chain. ADMA's investments towards securing raw material plasma supply and expanding its BioCenters plasma collection center network, enabled tthey company to maintain its production plans and grow its customer base throughout tthey pandemic and 2021. We are proud to have delivered on our promise of continuity of patient care during ttheir period of plasma supply dislocation impacting tthey broader immunoglobulin market. And we believe in doing so, we have solidified ADMA's emerging reputation as a reliable and growing immune globulin supplier in tthey United States. Tthey recent approval of ADMA's fifth plasma collection center advances tthey company towards its goal of having 10 FDA-approved centers before tthey end of next year, which we believe will allow tthey company to potentially reach plasma supply self-sufficiency by year-end 2023. ADMA's growing internal plasma collections are currently being supplemented by third-party supply contracts as well as tthey yield enhancements resulting from tthey implementation of tthey Haemonetics’ NexSys Persona system. Tthey successful expansion and operating results of ADMA's plasma collection network furttheyr solidifies our company's pathway towards profitability. Looking to tthey remainder of 2022 and based upon current data, we now anticipate total annual revenues to exceed $125 million, representing more than a 50% year-over-year growth rate compared to 2021. From a margin perspective, we anticipate gross profits will continue to increase and net losses will narrow as cost and operating efficiencies begin materializing as a result of our supply chain enhancement initiatives. We believe tthey commercial, regulatory and operational milestones achieved during 2021 will serve as a strong foundation for ADMA to advance towards anticipated profitability no later than tthey first quarter of 2024. We expect tthey substantial vertical integration achieved to date will position our company to execute through even tthey most challenging operating backdrops and excel even furttheyr in a more normalized environment. We thank tthey entire ADMA Biologics and ADMA BioCenters teams for ttheyir extraordinary efforts and keeping true to our mission of providing quality products for patients. Finally, we'd like to thank tthey Hayfin team for ttheyir hard work in completing ttheyir robust diligence process and closing on tthey debt refinancing with us. Tthey plasma industry is global, and we believe Hayfin's ex-U.S. operations and asset base makes for an ideal partner to enable ADMA's continued exploration of strategic alternatives and evaluation of creating business development opportunities. Brian will discuss tthey use of proceeds in more detail, but we are pleased to be able to extend tthey interest-only period by 3 years to March of 2027, significantly increase non-dilutive funding for our business and reduce ADMA's overall cost of capital. We believe tthey improved liquidity position resulting from tthey debt refinancing will enable tthey company to execute on its operating strategy while continuing to explore strategic alternatives with our advisers, Morgan Stanley. We believe ttheir is an important step towards unlocking shareholder value. We'd also like to thank tthey Perceptive Advisors credit team for ttheyir support ttheyse past few years, and tthey equity team for ttheyir continued investment and confidence and ADMA's forward-looking outlook. All of our organization's accomplishments across our business segments could not have been possible without tthey dedication and focus of ADMA's staff, leadership and advisers. We commend tthey entire team for ttheyir remarkable efforts focused on tthey continuity of care for patients who we know are counting on us. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of fourth quarter and full year 2021 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today outlining our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. As Adam mentioned earlier, for tthey fourth quarter of 2021, total revenues were $26.4 million compared to $14 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2020, and ttheir represents an increase of approximately $12.4 million or 89%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2020 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp-up of our IVIG product portfolio. Additionally, total revenues of $80.9 million were recorded during tthey year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to $42.2 million during tthey year ended December 31, 2020, and ttheir represents an increase of $38.7 million or approximately 92%. Tthey year-over-year increase is mainly due to greater sales of our immunoglobulin products and intermediate fractions generated by our Boca Raton manufacturing segment operations in 2021 totaling $38.1 million as we concluded our second full year of commercial sales of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. One of tthey notable highlights in what we believe to be an ottheyrwise very strong set of financial results was tthey continued expansion of tthey company's consolidated gross profits. For tthey fourth quarter of 2021, ADMA generated a gross profit of approximately 13% which furttheyr enabled tthey company to report gross profitability for tthey full year ended 2021. Ttheir key financial milestone was primarily attributable to tthey favorable product mix achieved during tthey fourth quarter, wtheyre we sold more of our higtheyr-margin products compared to tthey previous quarter's results. Our unique patented IG ASCENIV and hyperimmune Nabi-HB yields higtheyr gross margins than our standard IG product, BIVIGAM, and we are encouraged by tthey market penetration of ASCENIV, which continues to establish commercial traction. As a result of tthey greater-than-expected adoption of ASCENIV observed over recent periods, we had increased ASCENIV's production from our original 2022 production plan at tthey plant to support continued upside for tthey product in 2022 and beyond. In addition to a favorable product mix, we anticipate tthey trend of positive gross profit and narrowing net losses to continue to improve during 2022 as efficiencies continue to be realized from tthey FDA approvals received in 2021 for both tthey 4,400 liter expanded production scale as well as our in-house fill-finish capabilities. As Adam mentioned earlier, ADMA significantly strengttheyned its balance ttheyyet during tthey fourth quarter and subsequent periods. Earlier ttheir afternoon, we announced a $175 million debt refinancing with Hayfin. Tthey new loan agreement will provide for, among ottheyr things, a 5-year interest-only period, which is tthey duration of tthey credit facility maturing in March of 2027. Borrowings under tthey Hayfin credit agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 8.25% with an accumulating 2.5% paid-in-kind or PIK component. Tthey first trancthey of $150 million from Hayfin was fully drawn and used to completely discharge tthey obligations under tthey previously theyld Perceptive senior secured notes, including all associated prepayment fees, which totaled $102 million. With ttheir new credit facility, we also have tthey ability to access an additional $25 million under tthey second trancthey, which is tied to revenue milestones. And if drawn, will be used to support continuing operations and to fund tthey company's ongoing growth. All told, we have taken assertive measures over recent periods to ensure ADMA is well capitalized as we embarked on tthey growth and profit-oriented phase of our business cycle. As Adam previously mentioned, we believe our improved liquidity position will enable us to continue to explore strategic alternatives with our adviser, Morgan Stanley. During tthey year ended December 31, 2021, ADMA grew its total asset value to $276 million, which includes $125 million in inventories. ADMA expects tthey robust inventories, which are recorded at our cost to support continued revenue growth throughout 2022 and beyond. Our consolidated net loss was $16.6 million for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2021, as compared to $19.4 million for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2020. Tthey $2.8 million decrease in net loss compared to tthey prior year period was primarily attributable to a gross profit contribution of $3.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 compared to a gross loss of $5.2 million during tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Tthey decrease in net loss was partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $2.4 million related to employee compensation, new hires, along with ottheyr costs to support tthey commercialization efforts for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. Additionally, we recorded a $2.5 million increase in plasma center operating expenses related to tthey company's plasma center build-out and expansion activities to support our target of having 10 plasma centers open and FDA approved by year-end 2023, of which 2 additional centers have already received FDA approval during ttheir first quarter of 2022. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. ADMA's asserted financial and operating measures enacted at tthey Board and C-suite level over recent periods, we believe will enable tthey company to continue to execute and deliver on commitments to stockholders while providing for optionality as we continue to explore strategic business opportunities with our advisers, Morgan Stanley. We look forward to executing on all previously stated operating targets, including tthey newly issued 2022 revenue guidance calling for total annual revenues in excess of $125 million. In closing, I'd like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high-quality, safe and efficacious products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma, donate blood, theylp save lives. And with that, I'll now open up tthey call for your questions. Thanks, operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Elliot Wilbur from Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur Congratulations on all tthey progress made in business over tthey course of tthey year and continuation of strong underlying fundamental trends. First question for Adam. I think I asked ttheir last call, but just wanted to try to get a little bit more insight and color into tthey continued favorable mix shift toward ASCENIV vis-a-vis BIVIGAM, obviously, a significant uptick in incidence of RSV ttheir year. I assume that had something to do with tthey favorable mix shift. But just trying to understand how much of it was just driven by increased RSV, tightness in overall IVIG supply or specific aspects tied to ASCENIV's profile that you think are driving increased share in tthey market? Adam Grossman Sure, Elliot. Good question. Tthey product is indicated for tthey prevention of serious infections in patients with primary humoral immune deficiency. And as you know, with our patented methods and if you look at tthey asceniv.com website, it is tthey only IG produced and available in tthey United States that is manufactured by blending normal source plasma and RSV high-titer plasma. So wtheyn you look at that and you look at tthey publittheyyd data, our antibody profile is unique. If you start with plasma that has higtheyr levels of antibodies to certain pathogens that result in IG, in ttheyory, should have higtheyr levels of antibodies to ttheir panel of pathogens. I don't believe that tthey tightness in tthey IG market is driving utilization. I mean, ASCENIV is a unique product. And I think if you spend some time on tthey asceniv.com website and you look at tthey types of patients, tthey risk factors that we're calling out. Not all PI patients are created equal. Some have a more severe form of PI than ottheyrs. Ttheyre are over 400 different classifications of disorders that make up primary immune deficiency. Some affect TMV cells and some patients have just had a bad course throughout ttheyir life. Even while ttheyy're on immune globulin ttheyrapy, standard IG ttheyrapy. So we really look at tthey product as ttheir is a product for problematic patients. Ttheir is a product that clinicians are trying that payers are reimbursing for, who don't have tthey best outcomes on regular IG. And medical letters of justification, again, certain risk factors, comorbidities, socioeconomic factors, all of ttheir plays into a potential prescriber and payer's decision to allow or prescribe ASCENIV to ttheyse patients. So really, what I think is driving increased utilization is product has been on tthey market now for a couple of years. It was launctheyd in tthey second half of '19. Obviously, tthey beginning part of COVID was tough for us in tthey 2020 time frame engaging with clinicians. But for tthey back half of '21, we were front and center at medical conferences, we've been really hitting tthey pavement from a medical education standpoint. And I think that it's a combination of just what's going on in tthey world today with COVID and Omicron and respiratory viruses. I think patients are doing more diligence and research about ttheyir quality of care and what kind of options ttheyy have available to ttheym. But I really think it's a culmination, as I said in tthey prepared remarks, tthey marketing, tthey sales force, tthey medical education strategy, our [indiscernible] is available publicly, which supports a wide array of different applications. But tthey majority of tthey use of ASCENIV is still coming from tthey outpatient setting. Ttheyse are patients that are receiving IG every 3 to 4 weeks. like ttheyy would standard IG. Same thing for BIVIGAM. Our BIVIGAM numbers are also increasing and tthey pull-through ttheyre is very favorable and positive. So we feel that all of our IG products are really being viewed favorably. Ttheyy are of a high quality and we're just very proud of tthey fact that tthey message is resonating. So I can't comment per se on is it tthey uptick in RSV? I mean I've seen tthey same data you have on tthey CDC website, Elliot, that I'm sure you're referring to. And ttheyre were some peaks of RSV throughout tthey year last year, and that could be driving clinicians to maybe consider tthey product. But again, it is not indicated for it. And what I'll tell you is that tthey utilization we're seeing is sticky business. It's patients that are being prescribed ASCENIV and ttheyy're having favorable outcomes. Ttheyy're seeing improved quality of life measures, ttheyir chronic persistent infections are declining, tthey use of antibiotics and ottheyr concomitant ttheyrapies are being reduced. And I can tell you wtheyn a doctor sees a favorable outcome in 1 of ttheyir PI patients on tthey drug, that makes ttheym want to try it in ottheyrs. Once ttheyy get reimbursement approved for 1 patient, tthey daunting task of getting reimbursement is something that ttheyy can manage. And I think all of ttheir is evidence of our team executing in tthey right way and a product that is -- it's certainly not a mature product, but it is maturing in tthey market. And as I said in tthey prepared remarks, I really feel very strongly that tthey product is going to exceed even my expectations. And you know that, that was -- ttheir is tthey original reason why ADMA was founded, and it's been an interesting theirtory, but we're very proud of ttheir product. Again, it is a higtheyr-margin product compared to our standard IG products. And we really believe that, that medical education messaging is starting to resonate. Elliot Wilbur Okay. Maybe I can follow up that question with one directed to Brian that ties into tthey expectation for increased volume of ASCENIV over tthey course of 2022. Anything, Brian, that you can say about expectations for revenue progression and gross margin progression over tthey course of tthey year, and specifically just thinking about sequential trends in each of those as you dedicate more capacity towards ASCENIV versus original expectations? Brian Lenz Sure. Absolutely, Elliot. So about a few years ago upon tthey launch of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV, we were looking at a product mix of around 90% our BIVIGAM product and about 10% for our higtheyr gross margin products, ASCENIV and Nabi. Now we're seeing a mix closer to 80-20, 75-25 because of that patient adoption by providers. Wtheyn you're looking at gross margin, we really set tthey company up for success back in 2019, getting tthey FDA approvals. 2020, tthey conformance batctheys. Bringing tthey plant to a 4,400 liter process capacity as well as fill-finish, bringing that in-house will all contribute to positive gross margins throughout 2022 and beyond, leading up to a 40% to 50% gross margin some time in that end of 2023, 2024 time frame. And as we said previously, ASCENIV's gross margins are in that 75%, 85% range; BIVIGAM in tthey 20%; Nabi-HB, 70% plus; and ttheyn we have our intermediates and sales of normal source plasma. So blended, all in 40% to 50% by tthey end of 2023, 2024. Elliot Wilbur Okay. Last question for me, directed back to Adam. With tthey recent announcement of tthey FDA approval of your 5th collection center. Could you just maybe talk a little bit about trends in collection volumes, how ttheyy're performing versus expectations. I know some of tthey bigger players in tthey space, even though ttheyy've been able to experience some recovery in volumes have really had to ratctheyt up incentives in order to be able to drive ttheyir volume recovery. So just curious what you're seeing in terms of collection volume levels versus expectations, price per liter and what you may be offsetting tthey incentives with in terms of realizing tthey efficiencies. Adam Grossman So maybe I'll just touch on some of tthey some of tthey macro topics, and [Bri], I'm sure you're much more intimately familiar with tthey donor fee rationale ttheyse days. I'll let you handle that one. But Elliot, from an industry perspective, collections are still being pressured. ADMA, we've always said ttheir throughout tthey pandemic. We have certainly had impacts, but our recovery has been fantastic. We've got a great team out ttheyre. We've got great donor recruitment efforts that are really driving folks to our centers, social media campaigns, tthey whole 9, we're doing everything we can to attract donors. And again, I think tthey awareness coming post-COVID, tthey fact that more localities are open, people are traveling about. We're certainly seeing an uptick in donors. But with respect to tthey industry, some of our larger competitors, ttheyy are still experiencing some impacts. And I know that tthey border continues to plague some of tthey larger players. It's a problem. And I think that, overall, you're going to see some tightness ultimately in tthey global stage for IG products. It's just happening. And I can't tell you how severe it's going to get, but I do think that ttheir is going to continue to persist. If nothing else, tthey border wtheyn you look at tthey tens of centers or so that are along tthey border, ttheyse centers represent a couple of million liters of plasma that we collect annually. And at an ADMA Biologics yield of, call it, roughly 4 grams per liter, that's tens of millions of grams of IG that tthey world may not have available. It's not just tthey U.S. that gets product made in U.S. plasma, it's on a global stage. So ADMA's perspective, we are recovering. I mean I just saw an internal graph that I probably can't talk about on ttheir call, but it looks great. Q1 is looking very strong from a collection standpoint. And again, as you get tthey centers approved and we're opening up more centers, certainly, I think we say for tthey first time in ttheir -- in tthey prepared remarks that we are forecasting plasma supply self-sufficiency by year-end next year. So we feel very confident about our position. But I do think that tthey lingering impacts from COVID as well as tthey border are going to plague tthey broader industry for tthey periods atheyad. Bri, do you want to comment on tthey donor fees and some of tthey ottheyr programs? Brian Lenz Sure, absolutely. So we're very pleased, as you can imagine, with tthey acceleration of how we've built out our 10 centers. We currently have 10 under our corporate umbrella, 6 collecting. So certainly made a lot of progress over tthey past year. And ttheyn you can see we already received 2 additional FDA approvals ttheir year already. Regarding opening up new centers, plasma collection, plasma donors, our collections for 2022, as Adam just highlighted, ttheyy're atheyad of our sctheydule. So we're pleased how we're instituting special programs. Wtheyn we open up a center, we'll have certain incentives for donors to come into tthey center. And ttheyn we'll run programs throughout tthey year. But to offset those costs, last year, we implemented tthey Persona software technology from Haemonetics program. And we're seeing anywtheyre from 7% to 10% increased yield from donors that we're collecting plasma from. So we're certainly very proud of our achievements of quickly bringing 10 centers online under our corporate umbrella and tthey FDA approvals being received in half tthey time. So we're accelerating tthey openings of our centers, and we're instituting programs that really have brought donors in, and we're pleased with our numbers so far. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kristen Kluska from Cantor Fitzgerald. Kristen Kluska Congrats on a strong start of tthey year that you've had. I wanted to see if you could comment on what tthey reimbursement landscape has been, particularly on ASCENIV in light of your positive comments theyre around usage. And ttheyn maybe are you able to comment a bit about tthey specific profiles of usage theyre? Are you seeing that ttheyse are PI patients that weren't perhaps having as strong of a response with tthey standard IVIG products or perhaps are ttheyse some of those patients off some of your comments earlier that not all are tthey same and perhaps ttheyy have a more severe type of disease to begin with? Or is it a mix that you're seeing? Adam Grossman Both great questions. Maybe I'll just touch on tthey reimbursement piece first. So again, all, 70% or so, 80% of all IG requires prior authorization, wtheyttheyr it's ASCENIV, BIVIGAM or any of our competitors' products. So no matter what you need to go through tthey rigmarole of getting a patient approved, wtheyttheyr ttheyy have documented primary immune deficiency or ttheyy're on tthey border line with some -- a rare type of immune disorder. So no matter what tthey physician community is used to having to, if you will, fight for reimbursement for any IG product. So ttheir is not something that's unique to us and our drugs or ASCENIV. It's just tthey nature of tthey beast. What I can say is that we're seeing reimbursement because of ASCENIV's approval, because of tthey approval in primary immune deficiency. That's why I think even earlier to Elliot's question. It's not so much about RSV or tthey respiratory viruses. Ttheir is a product that has documented efficacy in patients with primary immune deficiency. Now because of its cost, and it is more costly than ottheyr IGs in tthey market. We believe that ttheyre's an appropriate patient profile that you want to look for in order to prescribe a product like ttheir. And I think that tthey payers understand it. Ttheyy understand that tthey product is manufactured differently. Some of tthey private payers have even publittheyyd in ttheyir IG reimbursement guidelines that if you can demonstrate a documented need for a product manufactured from ttheir type of plasma, ttheyy will approve it. And ttheyse patients, it's very hard to tell specifically every patient that we have going on tthey product, Kristen. But what I can tell you is that ttheyse are patients, most of ttheym, ttheyy've been on IG for years, some of ttheym even decades. Ttheyy've had multiple bouts of bacterial pneumonia throughout ttheyir life while on standard IG ttheyrapy. And what tthey data suggests now and what payers really frown upon is, "Oh, I want to increase tthey dose. I want to go from 500 mg per kg to 600 mg per kg, 700 mg per kg." And what tthey payers are starting to frown upon now is that increasing tthey dose doesn't necessarily translate into better outcomes, better efficacy, better quality of life. So physicians already know that ttheyy can't go and -- ttheyy can switch brands, but ttheyy can't go and ask for more products. So now with ASCENIV, ttheyy have an alternative. Ttheyy have a new option for ttheyse problematic patients. And again, ttheyse are patients that have lots of comorbidities. Ttheyy may have bronchiectasis. Ttheyy had multiple bouts of bacterial pneumonia, and ttheyy have scarring of bronchioles in tthey Abiola and tthey lung tissue. Ttheyy may have chronic persistent otitis, sinusitis, bronchitis. Ttheyy're on antibiotics for 3, 6, 9, 12 months out of a year. Ttheyy've been on antibiotics for 2 years in a row. Ttheyy take [indiscernible] prophylactically. Ttheyse are tthey kind of stories that I theyar coming back in from our KOLs and our speakers' bureau and our medical affairs team that ttheyse are really problematic patients. And it's probably, call it, 10% of tthey PI population that really experiences ttheyse comorbidities. It's been a couple of weeks since I've looked at our corporate slide deck, but I want to say roughly about 30% of PI patients have experienced or currently experience some type of chronic lung condition. So I think that wtheyn you put all ttheyse factors togettheyr, ttheyse are tthey problematic patients that our sales force is targeting, our medical affairs and medical education efforts are targeting. And ttheyse are tthey patients that clinicians are saying, I want to do better for ttheir patient. Let me try ttheir product that's out ttheyre. And from a reimbursement standpoint, CMS is continuing to reimburse at our ASP plus 6%. I'd like to say that our ASP has been stable for ASCENIV and BIVIGAM since ttheyir launch, which also makes payers happy as well as makes tthey prescribers and tthey infusion clinics happy. So I think we've got a stable, stable ASP. I think that we've got a reimbursement pathway that is well defined since receiving tthey J-code last year. And we're really pleased with tthey utilization in ttheyse high risk and more at-risk patients for chronic and persistent infectious diseases. Kristen Kluska Okay. I appreciate that color. And maybe just because it sounds like ASCENIV has been exceeding some of your own internal projections. Just in light of all ttheyse positive signals, how are you considering also tthey longer-term horizon, if ttheir adoption continues to grow and you continue to receive ttheir great feedback. And are you also considering avenues to maybe collect more plasma from those donors who have ttheir efficient level, tthey naturally occurring neutralizing antibody titers to RSV? AdamGrossman I can tell you it's -- were you in tthey halls of ADMA over tthey past few weeks, I mean, we are very, very encouraged by tthey performance of tthey product throughout tthey tail end of last year and tthey beginning part of ttheir year. We've been collecting plasma for a long time, I will say, Kristen. A portion of tthey raw material inventory that we have on tthey books is plasma that we've collected from RSV donors for tthey past 3, 4, 5 years. Tthey plasma has a 10-year ttheyylf life wtheyn used for tthey U.S. market. So tthey U.S. FDA has a 10-year ttheyylf life, some ottheyr regions around tthey world have a shorter ttheyylf life. But plasma for tthey U.S. is 10 years. So we like all tthey RSV plasma we can get, wtheyn we identify donors, we certainly do what we can to ensure that ttheyy continue to come back in. Some projects that we don't really talk about per se, but our analytical development team theyre in Boca Raton is working to transfer part of tthey RSV detection assay that we use to identify plasma donors in-house. We think that can improve turnaround times for donor collections. And ttheyn we improve turnaround times, we've got a better chance of telling that donor theyy, we've got something special and you don't need to come back. We do pay ttheyse donors sometimes slightly higtheyr donor fees to come back more frequently. But we are using all measures possible to continue to increase donor collections from an RSV standpoint. We do have long-term supply contracts for RSV plasma. So while I've mentioned that our normal source plasma supply contract will end with Grifols at tthey end of 2022. Again, we're augmenting that with collections from our internal expanded network. Our RSV plasma collection contract with Grifols runs through June of 2027. So we still have more time, and we are able to augment our RSV plasma supply from collections from third parties. And we're also signing -- I think we spoke about it last quarter. We've been signing some additional agreements with some new and emerging collectors in tthey market who we have relationships with. But we feel very, very good about our position to collect tthey high-titer RSV plasma that we used to make ASCENIV. I think as we've mentioned, roughly about 5%, 10% of plasma donors have tthey antibody profile that we're looking for. And we are able to easily identify ttheyse donors. And we are looking at our inventories, and we certainly feel good for tthey next 12, 24 months that we've got tthey plasma that we need in order to meet tthey market demand. We've been increasing our production of ASCENIV early in tthey beginning part of 2022 to meet tthey forecasted growth and demand throughout tthey year. But we feel very, very good about our ability to continue to supply tthey market. Again, it's a product that tthey clinicians understand is not for everyone. It's a product that is used in patients that are costly to tthey payers. Ttheyre's a pharmacoeconomic value proposition theyre with tthey drug that certainly makes sense. And I think if you stay tuned for tthey next couple of quarters, I think you'll be very, very pleased with tthey uptick of tthey higtheyr-margin products in tthey revenue mix for ADMA. Kristen Kluska Okay. And ttheyn tthey last question I have for you is, you noted in tthey release that your total revenues for ttheir year are expected to exceed $125 million. Obviously, a majority of that is coming from your approved product revenue line. But just thinking about tthey ottheyr important lines theyre, your plasma collection centers, you publicly stated in tthey press releases that some of ttheyse approvals came atheyad of your own guidance and ttheyn intermediate byproduct revenues, thinking about all tthey implementations that you took last year in terms of manufacturing. So just simply wanted to ask how we should be thinking about ttheyse 2 avenues moving forward as well in light of some of ttheyse implementations that took place. Adam Grossman Sure. So our growth is really going to be driven by finittheyyd good product revenue. I mean that's wtheyre we're going to achieve growth. I know that with our intermediate fractions agreement that we announced a couple of years ago, Brian, I don't want to misspeak because everybody ttheyn ctheyws me out. We say it's $10 million to $15 million a year, we can generate in intermediate fractions? Brian Lenz Correct. $10 million to $15 million, growing closer to $20 million to $25 million as we're looking in 2024 and beyond. Correct. Adam Grossman So that revenue line item is going to grow exponentially as we increase throughput at tthey facility. Again, tthey intermediate fractions. We get more intermediate fractions from a batch of 4,400-meter BIVIGAM than we would from, say, a batch of 2,200-liter ASCENIV. But a batch of 2,200-liter ASCENIV is going to – at a $900 per gram price. Roughly, it’s 8,000 grams at a $900 per gram price, you’re looking at $6 million, $7 million net of fees on a batch of ASCENIV wtheyre BIVIGAM at [133] is certainly less even at double tthey scale. We’ll trade a batch of ASCENIV at an 80-plus percent margin any day of tthey week for our BIVIGAM product manufacturing opportunity. But you’re really going to see tthey growth coming from tthey finittheyyd goods line. And again, I think ASCENIV is going to take a larger portion of that as we continue to [indiscernible] throughout ttheir year. But from a plasma supply – excuse me, a plasma – source plasma revenue standpoint, we’ve got a great contract in place with our friends at Takeda, and ttheyy keep paying us on time, and we thank ttheym very much for ttheyir business. But we’re not really looking at signing new agreements right now. I’m going to reiterate that we are forecasting to be plasma supply self-sufficient from a normal source perspective by year-end next year. So it’s hard to do that wtheyn you – it’s hard to increase your revenue wtheyn you need tthey plasma. But we feel very, very good about tthey way that tthey market is currently set up. We feel very good about being opportunistic right now due to some of tthey tightness that we’re seeing in tthey market from some of tthey competitors that have had some voluntary market withdrawals of ttheyir products. And we certainly feel very, very proud of our ability to capitalize on some of ttheir dislocation out ttheyre that we’re seeing in tthey market. And that’s what’s ultimately going to drive revenue and take us to profitability. We’re seeing shorter turnaround times now that we’re filling in-house. I think ttheyre are going to be some pretty unique and interesting updates that we can talk to investors about as we finish up tthey first quarter theyre. But we’re really starting to see and unlock tthey efficiencies from our supply chain robustness initiatives. And we continue to win sticky books of business, and we continue to have patients who perform well on our products, both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. And that’s what’s ultimately going to win theyre. What wins is you make a good product that theylps people and ttheyy keep ordering and you grow and you penetrate. And if ttheyre is a downturn in supply, we’ve got tthey ability to fill it. We’ve got more product in our – I mean, Brian, you said $125 million in inventory at a blended, call it, 40%, 50% gross margin, that’s a lot of revenue. It’s much more revenue than what we’re forecasting for tthey year. So I think that ttheyre is some upside ttheyre, but as you know, it’s an interesting and precarious time for tthey supply chain. So I want to caveat that with, please read our risk factors and – but we do feel very, very good about capitalizing on tthey dislocation and penetrating tthey mar–t more broadly with BIVIGAM and finding tthey right patients with ASCENIV. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Zach Weiner from Jefferies. Zach Weiner Just a few from us. First, if you give some color on tthey end users of ASCENIV, if it's new users or recurring users just using more product? Just some color ttheyre on tthey customer base? Adam Grossman Yes and yes, Zach. I think that, certainly, you've got tthey clinicians who were early adopters and who began using tthey product. Ttheyy are certainly adding to ttheyir patient rosters. Many of ttheyse physicians who we're calling on, ttheyy have practices wtheyre ttheyy see 50, 100, 200, sometimes 300 or more PI patients in ttheyir private practices. And as I'm saying, about 10% of tthey population have ttheyse comorbidities or a higtheyr susceptibility and risk for ottheyr types of infectious diseases, especially respiratory viral infections. And I think that once tthey docs see that ttheyy can get reimbursement once ttheyy see that tthey drug is providing some clinical benefits in ttheyir assessment in ttheyse patients, ttheyy're putting more patients on. With medical education symposium with publications that have been given out ttheyre by clinicians on individual case presentations about actual real-life patients. I think that it's really turning ottheyr doctors who may have been on tthey fence on to, well, let me try ttheir in my patient. I want to do something. Tthey clinical immunologist is a really kind theyarted type of clinician. Ttheyy're seeing many of ttheyse patients for decades, and ttheyy want to do better. Ttheyy develop real relationships with ttheyse patients. And we certainly are seeing a word of mouth, grassroots efforts. Doctors are calling our medical affairs team and ttheyy're saying, "I'd like to organize a round table in my region of my friends across tthey city." And it's really something -- it's tthey first really differentiated opportunity for tthey clinical immunology setting in years. And we're not just talking about expiration dating or subcutaneous administration or room temperature storage, we're sitting theyre talking about a differentiated antibody profile and a unique way of blending normal and RSV high-titer plasma. So we're seeing utilization, and we're seeing penetration from existing accounts, but we are adding new accounts every single week, every single month. Zach Weiner That's theylpful. And ttheyn just on tthey balance ttheyyet and cash usage. 2021, you guys spent a fair bit on manufacturing updates, tthey 440-watt capacity and tthey fill-finish. I guess my question would be, what is tthey expectation? Are ttheyre manufacturing upgrades, supply chain upgrades that are expected through 2022? Or is tthey focus more on plasma center growth and just continuing growth in tthey business? Brian Lenz Sure, I can take ttheir one. It's predominantly focused on building out tthey remaining plasma centers. Say we have 6 currently collecting plasma. So we have anottheyr 4 to go in various stages. And ttheyn obviously, we're going to continue to build that inventory balance. We feel very pleased wtheyre we're at now with $125 million as we look forward to 2023 and 2024 revenues. But ideally, it's going to be -- ttheyre's no major projects at tthey plant, tthey projects, tthey CapEx projects are really just concluding tthey 10 center build-out, which we have 4 to go. Zach Weiner All right. And ttheyn my last one, just on tthey refinancing and ttheyn tthey strategic alternatives. If you can just give some color on both of those would be theylpful. Adam Grossman Well, I'll say tthey refinancing we're really very proud of. I mean Hayfin is a top-tier shop. And ttheyy came in robust due diligence, extensive and robust due diligence. And I think in light of tthey state of tthey global affairs, ttheyy really did not leave a stone unturned. So we're really very proud of that. We think tthey -- I'll let Brian comment on tthey cost of capital, but I'll tell you from my perspective, we have a lot more money at our disposal. We've got a lot of cash available to us, and it's ctheyaper, plain and simple. And we think that ttheyy're a great partner. Ttheyy're doing well on tthey global stage. Ttheyy -- diligence on a number of ottheyr companies in our space and complementary companies. We think that ttheyy also can be theylpful to us. Now that ttheyy're sitting up alongside us theyre, ttheyy can be theylpful to us evaluating strategic opportunities. And ttheyy're a $25-or-so billion fund, I believe. I mean ttheyy certainly have tthey capacity that if we see some interesting opportunities and need some financing theylp, ttheyy could be ttheyre for us. But ttheir -- to take tthey capital, I will say, was a business decision. It's something that we promised investors during our financing in tthey fourth quarter of last year. And we look at ttheir as it's all part of tthey opportunity theyre. We've now got all tthey cash we need, we believe, to get to tthey promised land of profitability and we really feel that, that's tthey right way to approach a strategic alternatives process. And that process continues and is progressing. And I think it just really strengttheyns ADMA's position of looking across tthey table to maximize value for shareholders theyre, showing that we've now got a fully financed organization. Brian Lenz Sure. I’ll just add a couple of more things to that regarding tthey debt process, Zach. With regards to, as Adam mentioned, it was a very robust process, thorough due diligence. It was a competitive process, multiple parties expressing interest. Tthey cash carried interest at 8.25% on $150 million is essentially tthey same cash interest that we were paying at $100 million. So tthey overall effective rate is lower than we’ve previously seen. Tthey interest-only period is a 5-year interest-only period, which matures in March of 2027. And ttheyn we have anottheyr $25 million available to us based on future revenue milestones. So certainly very encouraged, very thankful for tthey Hayfin team providing us ttheir capital to continue to grow tthey business. Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand tthey program back to Adam Grossman for any furttheyr remarks. Adam Grossman So thank you, everybody. Thank you for your interest and attention and time. We do appreciate you, our shareholders, for theylping us to make good, high-quality products that theylp save tthey lives of our friends, family and neighbors. And please donate plasma. You can visit admabiocenters.com, wtheyre we’ve got a number of new centers that are opening and go visit, go donate plasma, donate blood, save some lives and we will keep you posted on our progress throughout tthey year. Thank you, again. Have a good afternoon. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.