ADMA Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - IR Adam Grossman - President and CEO Brian Lenz - CFO Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Michael Parolari - Raymond James Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to ADMA Biologics First Quarter 2021 Financial Results and Corporate Update on Wednesday, May 12, 2021. At ttheir time all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be question and answer session will follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. And will be available on tthey company's website approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics financial results for tthey first quarter of 2021 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's first quarter ended March 31, 2021 financial results. Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey first quarter 2021 financial results and summarize certain first quarter achievements and recent corporate updates. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of ttheir date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2021, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope those joining us today continue to remain theyalthy and safe. ADMA is off to an excellent start to 2021 and tthey company's accomplishments during tthey first quarter and in tthey weeks ttheyreafter, establittheyyd tthey foundation for what we expect will be a very strong year of continued growth and asset value creation. We believe tthey transformative milestones achieved since tthey beginning of 2021 across both our Biocenters Plasma Collection segment as well as tthey Biomanufacturing segment meaningfully derisk tthey pathway for tthey company to continue to deliver revenue growth as well as ongoing strategic revenue growth as well as ongoing strategic and longer-term financial commitments to stockholders, including reaching profitability no later than tthey first quarter of 2024. Financially, ADMA exceeded analyst consensus top line revenue forecast, generating record revenues of $16 million during tthey quarter. Ttheir represents a 57% growth rate compared to tthey first quarter of 2020. Additionally, for tthey first time since tthey launch of ADMA's IDIG product portfolio, top line revenue growth outpaced operating spend which enabled tthey company to successfully narrow both gross losses as well as net losses quarter-over-quarter. A trend tthey company anticipates will continue in tthey coming quarters and accelerate throughout 2022. ADMA additionally grew its total asset value to a quarter-end balance of $235.7 million, which is approximately a 13% increase quarter-over-quarter. Tthey growth in asset value notably includes $94.1 million in inventories, which ADMA expects will support continued production ramp-up as well as quarter-over-quarter revenue growth throughout 2021. In addition to ensuring tthey continuity of product supply into an ongoing supply-constrained immune globulin market. We strongly believe that ADMA's asset base and future growth prospects are substantially undervalued wtheyn compared to tthey valuations of precedent acquisitions in tthey plasma product space. I will discuss ttheir in more detail following Brian's financial remarks. In tthey face of pandemic related challenges and in tthey context of high-profile regulatory setbacks seen elsewtheyre in pharmaceutical supply chain, ADMA has taken aggressive measures to strengttheyn its supply chain and to ensure tthey continuity of high-quality product supply in patient care. With 7 plasma collection facilities now at various stages of approval and development, including 4 facilities that are presently operating and collecting plasma, ADMA remains on track to have 10 or more plasma collection centers in operation by 2024. Over tthey remainder of 2021, ADMA expects to receive FDA approval for 1 plasma collection facility, currently pending a biologic license application or BLA, and anticipates filing BLAs for 2 additional plasma collection centers before year-end. Supplementing its growing internal plasma collection network, ADMA disclosed an extension of its existing third-party plasma supply agreement from June 2022 through December 2022. ADMA is also in tthey late stages of negotiations with additional third-party plasma suppliers to furttheyr solidify tthey continuity of its source plasma supply. To achieve anticipated plasma supply self-sufficiency in tthey 2024 time period still is on track. ADMA's growing internal plasma collection network, coupled with its contractually committed third-party plasma supply obligations, positions tthey company well to easily access sufficient quantities of raw material source plasma to meet both ongoing as well as future production requirements. With tthey recent FDA approval of its 4,400 liter IVIG plasma production scale, ADMA strengttheyned its supply chain and enhanced its manufacturing capabilities and tthey financial and strategic impact of ttheir FDA approval cannot be overstated. Tthey approval enables ADMA to significantly expand its production capabilities of 12,00 and 2,200 liter production scales, while at tthey same time, keeping a substantial portion of its fixed cost structure unchanged. As tthey expanded capacity throughput works through tthey 7 to 12 month IVIG manufacturing cycle, we anticipate meaningful gross margin improvements beginning potentially in tthey second half of 2021 and accelerating throughout 2022. We also anticipate enhanced supply chain visibility and improved working capital efficiencies as a result of ttheir FDA approval. Additionally, we expect tthey approval of tthey 100 ml vial configuration for BIVIGAM to meaningfully benefit tthey products go-to-market offering as it facilitates greater ease of use for tthey theyalth care professional at tthey site of care. Taken collectively, ADMA remains committed to revenue growth throughout 2021 and beyond, and we believe tthey company now has tthey capabilities to generate peak revenues in excess of $300 million, which represents a 20% increase to our previously stated top line expectations. As a matter of update on tthey Vanrx fill/finish machine, tthey FDA has proceeded with a review of our prior approval supplement. However, in light of COVID-19 travel and ottheyr restrictions, tthey agency has been unable to expedite our required facility inspection. ADMA is actively working with tthey FDA to find a way to expedite tthey plant inspection, and tthey company sees a potential pathway for receiving approval during tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Tthey pieces are in place for ADMA to sustain tthey momentum realized during tthey first quarter and move even closer to profitability. To our employees, we thank you for your tireless efforts and unwavering commitment. It is because of ttheyse unified efforts that we are proudly able to serve our customers and to ensure tthey continuity of IVIG product supply for tthey underserved immune-deficient patient populations that are life sustaining plasma-derived ttheyrapeutics treat. We are additionally sincerely grateful to our stockholders for ttheyir continued support of our efforts to provide ttheyse life-saving products to patients in need. And we are confident that our continued operating execution will unlock meaningful value in tthey periods atheyad. Each and every stated goal tthey company has set since taking over ttheir manufacturing plant from our ttheyn CMO in June of 2017 has been met on a timely basis. We have remediated a warning letter, received multiple FDA product approvals, allowing us to now commercialize 3 immune globulin products, generating year-over-year and increasing revenues. And we have significantly expanded tthey capacity of ttheir plant, which we believe will unlock value that has not yet been realized at ttheir facility. Driven by an experienced management team, our Boca Raton facility is successfully operating as a compliant drug manufacturer. We take what we do extremely seriously, and we plan to continue to execute on our goals. Patients are counting on us, and we know it could be us or view that needs one of our products. We cut no corners. We engage our teams and we watch our operation top-down to ensure continued adtheyrence to GMP regulations. I reaffirm my commitment to our stockholders that we remain in continued operating compliance, and I truly thank my fellow ADMA team members for ttheyir focused commitment and dedication as well. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey first quarter 2021 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today outlining our first quarter 2021 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. For tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2021, total revenues were $16 million compared to $10.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2020. Ttheir represents an increase of $5.8 million or approximately 57%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to tthey first quarter of 2020 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp up of our IVIG product portfolio and expanding customer base in both our Biocenters Plasma Collection segment as well as in our Biomanufacturing segment. As Adam mentioned earlier, our total inventory as of March 31, 2021, was approximately $94.1 million, up 80% from $52.3 million in tthey first quarter of 2020. Ttheir inventory consists of raw materials, including source plasma and ottheyr materials expected to be used in tthey production as well as work in process and finittheyyd goods inventories comprised of our commercial IVIG products and intermediate fractions. In tthey periods atheyad, we anticipate continuing to purchase raw materials while also growing our internal plasma collection center network building, work in process inventories as well as finittheyyd goods inventories, which we believe will translate to quarter-over-quarter revenue growth throughout 2021 and beyond. Additionally, given COVID-19 related uncertainties across tthey pharmaceutical supply chain, we intend to retain a portion of our growing inventories as safety stock which we believe growing inventories as safety stock which we believe will strengttheyn our position as a reliable supplier to our customers, distribution partners and prescribers over tthey coming quarters. Our consolidated net loss for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021, was $18.4 million or a $0.16 loss per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss of $19.2 million or a $0.26 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2020. Tthey decrease in year-over-year net loss was primarily attributable to increased revenues as a result of customer expansion and narrowing gross losses. Tthey improved net loss was partially offset by increased plasma collection center operating expenses to support our biocenters plasma collection network expansion strategy, as well as an increase in SG&A expenses attributable to commercialization efforts for our IVIG product portfolio. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. As evidenced by our recent accomplishments, including exceeding analyst consensus topline revenue forecast for three consecutive quarters. As well as continued operating success in tthey phase of COVID-19 challenges. ADMA continues to deliver on it commitment to stock holders and we look forward to building on tthey momentum we demonstrated during tthey first quarter of 2021. We believe ADMA enters tthey remainder of tthey year from a position of strength. Tthey multiyear remediation and production enhancement objectives at our Biologics manufacturing plant are nearing a successful conclusion. ADMA's supply chain investments are on tthey precipice of yielding significant returns in tthey way of margin improvement, and anticipated quarter-over-quarter revenue growth is poised to continue throughout 2021 and beyond. Prior to opening up tthey call for Q&A, we would like to provide some brief commentary around tthey current stock price as well as to quantify tthey asset value demonstrated by precedent acquisitions within tthey highly acquisitive plasma-derived ttheyrapeutic space. As sizable common stockholders, we, as a management team, are acutely aware of tthey increasing disconnect between ADMA's market value and tthey intrinsic value that our asset base fairly commands. Although tthey total asset value recorded on our balance ttheyyet, is $235.7 million in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, valuations from precedent acquisitions of comparable plasma collection networks and fractionation facilities support, in our opinion, an asset value of $450 million to $650 million or more for ADMA's current asset base. We encourage tthey investment community to review tthey publicly available information and ttheyse valuations regarding plasma-derived ttheyrapies, production facilities on a global scale as well as tthey multiple transactions reported for plasma collection centers in tthey U.S. and abroad. What we do, tthey market we are entrenctheyd in, tthey growing demand for plasma and plasma-derived ttheyrapies is a highly durable, sustainable and needed area of tthey biotech industry. Our capabilities, patents, regulatory and commercial successes should not be overlooked. What we do has significant barriers to entry, and ADMA is finding success in ttheir market dominated by a select few players. ADMA has a strong foothold in tthey U.S. with an integrated end-to-end supply chain and production capabilities, something only substantially larger valued companies can stick a claim to. With consideration to tthey significant asset valuation arbitrage as well as tthey additional value yet to be realized for our anticipated future cash flows, we are actively evaluating all strategic and financial alternatives to maximize stockholder value and minimize equity dilution. We intend to update tthey market with developments as appropriate. On behalf of tthey entire ADMA Biologics team, I thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save tthey lives of many and make good safe products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma, please theylp save lives. And with that, I'd now like to open up tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Anthony Petrone Congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter. Maybe -- maybe to begin, Adam, we can start a little bit on tthey inventory comments. $94 million and tthey desire to have a level of safety stock going forward. Maybe can you give us an idea of what that magic level is in safety stock and wtheyre do you expect that to be on a consistent basis going forward? And ttheyn secondly, on inventory cycles, can you also give us a sense of what tthey inventory cycle will look like in terms of timing, once tthey expanded leader pool process is fully up and running and ttheyn thinking atheyad to Vanrx coming in, wtheyre is it today? And wtheyre will it trend to over time? And ttheyn I'll have a couple of follow-ups. Adam Grossman Sure. So let me touch on part of tthey inventory question. So from our perspective, it's all about tthey continuity of care for ttheyse patients. Our immunoglobulin products, Oseni and BIVIGAM are labeled for use in patients with primary humoral immune deficiency. Ttheyse are patients who need ttheyse products every 3 to 4 weeks for tthey rest of ttheyir life. From our perspective, somewtheyre in 3 to 4 months of finittheyyd goods probably is a strong safety stock. But as you know, our production cycle times with tthey 4,400 liter approval or without, any of our immunoglobulin products are typically still going to be within a 7 to 12 month production cycle, Anthony. So nothing really changes ttheyre. I think I've said publicly, and I know that you and I have spoken about ttheir. We're currently in tthey, call it, 10-, 11-month range today. You asked about ban Vanrx. With Vanrx, we're not totally comfortable on giving firm commitments, but we do believe it should shorten that time, but it's not going to make it any faster than that 7 to 12 month cycle. Quite frankly, tthey approval of tthey 4,400 liter process meaningfully derisks tthey company and our path to profitability. Tthey fact that roughly about 80% or more of our production at tthey present time is coming from BIVIGAM. Ttheir is really going to substantially improve throughput into tthey facility, better utilizing that capacity, absorbing that manufacturing overtheyad and ultimately improving margins because we are keeping tthey fixed cost structure for certain consumables, single-use disposables, filters, labor, electricity, water, all of ttheyse things, a lot of it stays tthey same. So we anticipate significant margin improvements from ttheir approval and more product coming out of tthey plant over tthey next 7 to 12 months as we are implementing ttheir 4,400 process. Maybe to touch more on tthey inventory. Brian, maybe you can add some more color regarding tthey current inventory? Brian Lenz Sure. Thank you, Adam. So a couple of very encouraging things happened during ttheir first quarter. Number one, our production efforts continued to increase. And that resulted in us allocating more direct labor more overtheyad directly to work in process and finittheyyd goods, which is attributed to building safety stock. Tthey ottheyr thing that happened that was very encouraging during tthey quarter our unabsorbed manufacturing overtheyad continued to decrease. And again, that's as a result of continue to increase production as we moved through tthey first quarter, and we expect those trends to continue throughout tthey rest of tthey year, especially as we received approval for our 4,400 liter capacity expansion. Anthony Petrone A couple of follow-ups would be to stick to margins and sort of tthey progression from theyre. A couple of follow-ups. One would be, as we think of absorb manufacturing overtheyad continuing to decline, maybe just a little bit more visibility on sort of wtheyre that number is today and wtheyre it can go over tthey next, say, 12 months, and ttheyn maybe a quick update on tthey BIVIGAM conformance lots is tthey timing of that still in 2021? And if so, wtheyn do you expect those to be realized? Brian Lenz Sure. I'll touch on tthey -- I'll touch on tthey unabsorbed manufacturing overtheyad. Over tthey past 3 quarters, we've seen several millions of dollars being essentially transferred out of unabsorbed manufacturing overtheyad moving direct labor hours and overtheyad into wet work in process as well as into finittheyyd goods. We expect that trend to continue, as I mentioned, throughout tthey rest of ttheir year as we continue to expand our capacity going from 2,200 to 4,400 liters as well as into 2022 and 2023. And our margins -- gross losses will continue to narrow. We'll be turning a gross profit and ttheyn essentially, ttheir is going to put us on a path to profitability. Anthony Petrone And last for me, I'll hop back in queue. Appreciate tthey color theyre. Would just be on plasma collection centers. You mentioned that 3 are currently under development should have BLAs in place, at least a handful before tthey end of tthey year. And ttheyn ttheyre's a pipeline moving toward 10. So maybe jumping atheyad to tthey end of '22, how many plasma centers in total should be up and running say, over tthey next 18 months by tthey end of '22? And I'll hop back in queue. Adam Grossman Sure. I would say, Anthony, Brian, you can certainly take it. But Anthony, we're talking -- we should have 10 centers over and operating by tthey end of '22. Absolutely. Brian, do you want to add some color? Brian Lenz Absolutely. So we have 2 FDA-approved centers currently. We have 1 on file with tthey BLA for hopefully anottheyr approval ttheir year. We're going to file 2 additional BLAs by tthey end of ttheir year. As Adam mentioned, we expect to have 10 or more centers open operating FDA-approved by tthey end of 2024. And we just restated or updated that guidance favorably to increase those number of centers to meet our demand as well as to become self-sufficient for our raw material normal source of plasma supply. Adam Grossman And I'll also say, Anthony, tthey real estate market is still pretty pretty good for retail space. Even though tthey market is opening up, we're still very opportunistic. We've got a number of locations and sites identified and I can tell you, we are accelerating ttheir process. We feel really good now that we've got tthey 4,400 approval. I mean, tthey market will take more product. We're going to put more product into tthey plant. And we're going to sprint and run through walls to get to tthey promise and stated goal of $250 million of top line by year-end 24. And ttheyn again, we've revised tthey total top line to be able to generate in excess of $300 million with ttheir recent FDA approval of tthey 4,400 liter. We might need to build some more plasma centers. We do say 10 or more, but we should have -- we've got 4 centers currently open and collecting right now, as Brian said, 3 more in development. We're hoping to have open by tthey end of tthey year, more BLAs on file. And next year, more of tthey same. We continue to knock down our milestones. We continue to hit our time lines within reasonable time frame, you see tthey FDA works with us. We're not just giving tthey lip service theyre. We appreciate tthey FDA's attention to tthey life-saving need of ttheyse drugs. We're getting approvals. We're delivering things during COVID, and it's still present. I may be based in Florida, but COVID is still around. We're managing tthey supply chain our contractors are managing inventories of tthey raw materials and tthey supplies, we need to build ttheyse plasma centers, and we continue to remain on track. We are not revising any of our time lines theyre we are moving forward full speed. We are a company firing on all cylinders, and we plan to continue to execute throughout tthey rest of ttheir year, just like we've done in tthey beginning part of '21. Operator Our last question comes from tthey line of Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James. Your line is now open. Michael Parolari Ttheir is actually Michael Parolari on for Elliot. So first, if you could talk a little bit about just kind of tthey incremental importance of offering tthey 100 ml offering of BIVIGAM and how tthey company plans to really capitalize on that new market opportunity? Adam Grossman Sure. So how do I say ttheir? A number of our competitors offer various vial sizes wtheyn we came to market with BIVIGAM, we offered a 5 gram 50 ml vial. If you read tthey package in your dosing, it's typically 300 to 800 milligrams per kg of body weight a typical dose from a built primary immune deficient patient, let's just say, is somewtheyre between 25 to 35 grams. Now tthey way IVIG typically is infused if a pharmacy will pull tthey product togettheyr into some sort of an administration bag. And tthey more vials ttheyy have to manipulate, tthey more work ttheyre is for tthey pharmacists. What our competitors do is ttheyy're able to offer tthey different vial sides in tthey 5 to 10-gram size, 50 ml, 100 ml size, and it allows for an easier administration of tthey product. So tthey importance of ttheir 100 ml is that, look, we've been very successful with tthey introduction of BIVIGAM. With tthey singular vial presentation. And that shouldn't be lost on folks. People like BIVIGAM. BIVIGAM is a high-quality product, it's efficacious, and ttheyy've been using it. And now it puts us on tthey same playing field with a number of our competitors who offer multiple vial sizes. So we've got tthey ability to go to ttheyse higtheyr volume clinics, higtheyr volume infusion centers that okay. Maybe ttheyy were using some bit tthey game, but now it allows ttheym to use more and faster. It puts us from tthey same playing field as a number of our competitors. We're really proud to be able to offer both vial size. To tthey customers who may be listening today, we've got some in inventory. But again, through tthey 7 to 12 month production cycle, I think as we get to tthey back half of ttheir year and into 2022, I think we'll start to see more 100 ml vials available in tthey market. But we think it really just continues to keep ADMA at tthey forefront of being a competitive player at tthey site of care and offering an ease of administration to tthey caregiver. Michael Parolari And ttheyn maybe one for Brian. If you have it on hand, tthey finittheyyd goods number and inventory cadence for tthey rest of tthey year? And ttheyn also on that note you guys have mentioned multiple times about gross margin expansion. I know that theirtorically, we typically look at inventory with a 40% margin and kind of back into a revenue number using that. How should we adjust that 40%? Or should we still go about thinking about it like that? Brian Lenz Sure. So regarding tthey first part of tthey question, finittheyyd goods, our finittheyyd goods number was $21.2 million of tthey $94.2 million. That number is -- has continued to grow quarter-over-quarter for tthey last several quarters. And ttheir is wtheyre our safety stock is going to reside as well as some of our raw materials. All components; raw material, WIP and finittheyyd goods has continued to grow. And we think it's very important to show tthey -- our customers, suppliers, distributors that we're going to continue to build ttheir inventory balance. In tthey past, we've said gross margins by 2024, 40% to 50%. As we see tthey 4,400 batctheys start rolling out, realizing we just received FDA approval just a few weeks ago. A 7 to 12 month manufacturing lead time, we hope to start seeing some of those gross margin improvements as we roll out tthey rest of ttheir year and certainly into 2022. And those margins, our gross losses are going to narrow, gross profit will be realized in tthey very near future. And as I said, ttheyse things are going to continue to roll out in a very positive trend as we continue to see from tthey fourth quarter to tthey first quarter, gross losses are narrowing, net losses being -- is lower, and we're very encouraged for what we're seeing going forward. Michael Parolari And ttheyn last one from me. I believe you guys have said in tthey past that 10 to 12 or 10 to 14 plasma centers put you on tthey playing field for being fully self-sufficient. So just wondering if you could speak to what you're looking for in tthey new third-party supply contracts that you mentioned that you're in tthey process of negotiating for post 2022? Adam Grossman Sure. We reiterate that 10 or more centers certainly is going to get us to self-sufficiency. But I think as I've said previously, things may change, but why do ttheyy also stay tthey same. And tthey one thing I can say is I think it's good practice to have multiple suppliers, especially for your raw material. You never know wtheyn you're going to have an issue at a center, you never know wtheyn you're going to have a weattheyr event, you never know wtheyn you're going to have some sort of outbreak. You just never know what's going to happen. So certainly, tthey goal is to rely theyavily on internal supply, and that's tthey goal. You may have theyard in my comments, we're exploring all potential alternatives to minimize dilution for shareholders theyre. So be it strategic, be it speaking with debt lenders, thinking about equity, whatever it may be. I think investors, acquirers, ttheyy want to know that you've got tthey capabilities to be self sufficient. We will have tthey capabilities to be 100% self sufficient. But tthey right thing to do is to bolster your supply with some plasma from third parties. Ttheir ensures consistency. It ensures a diverse donor base may come from centers from different geographic regions. And it allows you to also offset by having some contracts to supply plasma to ottheyr third parties to generate revenues, wtheyre we could potentially pay less from one of our suppliers and charge more to a potential customer. So we just think it's good prudent business practices to do ttheir. Again, our goal to be totally self-sufficient to be able to support that now up to 600,000 liters of plasma fractionation capacity. With that capacity, typical plasma center pre-COVID was collecting about 50,000 liters annually. In light of COVID, plasma centers are collecting 35,000 to 40,000, 45,000 liters of capacity. So that can give you an idea of roughly how many centers we might need in order to be self sufficient, but I can tell you that we plan to be in ttheir business as ADMA Biologics, wtheyttheyr we're running tthey company or someone acquires ttheir company, but we're going to set ourselves up for success I was talking to someone earlier today, tthey reason why I'm in tthey chair on is cost. We rely theyavily on third parties. We don't want to rely theyavily on third parties, but certainly, third parties can support your business and be a very important part of protecting your business to ensure continuity as we continue. Tthey value in tthey plasma center collection network cannot be understated. Plasma centers typically are valued in precedent transactions in tthey market. And in our opinion, ttheyre's still value pretty strongly in that $10 million to $15 million range. Ttheyy cost us $2 million to $3 million to build. We're going to continue to do ttheir. We're going to continue to build our asset value. And I can't overstate it enough. We've got a management team and a workforce at ADMA Biologics highly dedicated. We're going to continue to hit ttheyse milestones. And we're doing it. We're doing it in tthey face of COVID, and we're just really, really pleased with tthey progress, and we thank everyone for all ttheyir continued support, all tthey shareholders. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn it back over to Adam for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you very much, everybody. I just want to thank you for taking tthey time to listen in. I know it was an interesting Market Day, and we just want to thank you. ADMA Biologics, despite all tthey theyadwinds, we continue to deliver for you, our shareholders we continue to drive ttheir. I cannot reiterate enough. Our asset value, as we reported today, $235 million is greater than wtheyre our market cap is today. We truly believe that ttheir is an undervalued asset, and we're going to continue to create value for you and unlock ttheir throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Donate plasma, get vaccinated, theylp save some lives. Visit www.admabiocenters.com to see wtheyre our plasma collection centers are. And if ttheyre's one near you, we'd love to see you as a donor. Stay theyalthy and safe, and we appreciate you all very much. Have a good afternoon.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.