ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Senior Director, Business Development & Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - President & CEO Brian Lenz - EVP, CFO & General Manager, ADMA BioCenters Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Mizuho Group Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Wednesday, November 9, 2022. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately 2 hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I'd like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Senior Director of Business Development and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey third quarter 2022 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager, ADMA BioCenters. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's third quarter 2022 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey third quarter 2022 financial results and summarized certain achievements and recent corporate updates. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represents tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey Safe Harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks, and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by any such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021 as well as tthey risk factors section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022 for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope everyone remains theyalthy and safe. We believe our strong third quarter performance demonstrates our company's successful execution of our multiyear strategy and speaks to ADMA’s compelling prospects as we look to 2023 and beyond. In keeping with ADMA’s track record of delivering on our objectives. We are pleased to now again be raising financial expectations for full year 2022. Tthey company now expects to generate total revenues of approximately $145 million, increased from tthey $130 million previously provided. We believe tthey third quarter revenue growth of 99% year-over-year coupled with tthey favorably evolving product mix, establittheyys a strong foundation for tthey company to accelerate towards profitability. As Brian will detail, we expect tthey coming quarters will better illuminate tthey pathway to profitability and increased visibility of tthey robust growth opportunities ttheyreafter. Elevated ASCENIV demand trends persisted throughout tthey third quarter and have now continued into tthey fourth quarter. Tthey body of commercial evidence we have been able to successfully demonstrate for ASCENIV throughout 2022 gives us confidence in our belief that tthey product will continue to rapidly grow throughout 2023 and ultimately, we believe ASCENIV is well positioned to account for a greater portion of our overall revenue product mix than we have theirtorically messaged. We regard 2022 as a new launch year for ASCENIV. Due to tthey initial [indiscernible] of pandemic related barriers to physician provider and patient engagement, which throughout COVID impacted our ability to detail tthey truly unique product profile. With tthey first year of tthey new ASCENIV launch coming to a close, our enthusiasm cannot be overstated as we upwardly revise our internal forecast to account for tthey product's expected growth trajectory and peak opportunity. To build on ASCENIV rapidly growing launch trajectory, during tthey third quarter, we opportunistically mobilized a targeted medical education and conference symposia strategy, identifying clinical needs and managing respiratory infections in tthey immunocompromised host. We are pleased to report that ttheyse initiatives were met with a strong reception including full capacity standing only attendance of symposia discussions of real world experience of ASCENIV in patients with primary immunodeficiency. Also during tthey quarter, case studies were presented by nationally recognized clinical experts in tthey area of transplantation, infectious disease and immunology at national and regional medical meetings, including tthey Immune Globulin National Society, Infectious Disease Week, and Florida Allergy Asthma & Immunology Society meeting. All told, we believe our commercial and medical affairs strategy is being successfully borne out for ASCENIV and we believe we are in tthey early days of tthey product's significant growth potential. Perhaps most importantly, tthey problematic and at risk primary immunodeficiency patients being treated with ASCENIV are demonstrating real world benefits and quality of life improvements. Anecdotal market feedback remains resoundingly positive and ttheir patient population is oftentimes poorly controlled on standard IG products. Additionally, although we are scientifically excited by tthey prospects of a potential RSV vaccine approval for tthey broader population, tthey unfortunate reality is that vaccines have limited utility in immune compromised people, adverse target patient population. It is exclusively ttheir population, high risk primary immune deficient patients that ADMA aims to serve with offense. We believe our product success validates and supports our company's mission to commercialize novel products for immune deficient patients at risk for infections. It is our devotion to ttheir underserved population that fuels us and we believe that tthey ADMA Biologics name is now synonymous with trust and confidence amongst many physicians, providers and patients. Additionally, during tthey third quarter, we advanced tthey post marketing clinical studies for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. To date, we are enrolling our BIVIGAM trials faster than anticipated and tthey excitement amongst participating investigators has been notable for both products. We believe ttheir investigator enthusiasm speaks to tthey reputation ADMA and its products have establittheyyd in tthey market and may well prove to be an indication of tthey unmet need in ttheir patient population. If successful and provided FDA authorization, tthey ongoing pediatric requirement studies will potentially expand tthey indication for both products to include pediatric aged primary immuno deficient patients. Turning to BIVIGAM. Our confidence in tthey near term and longer term growth trend is building. BIVIGAM product revenue and demand pull through reactheyd record highs during tthey third quarter, driven by end market IG growth as well as ADMA’s continued market share gains. Various industry reports now suggest that ADMA Biologics has establittheyyd a 1.5% to 2% market share in tthey rapidly growing U.S. IG end market. Moving forward, we anticipate continued share gains as well as structural tailwinds from IG market growth. ADMA remains committed to delivering tthey continuity of patient care. Our strong normal source in RSV hyperimmune plasma supply inventories, which are included in tthey total inventories of $163 million recorded at tthey end of tthey third quarter are anticipated to support all upwardly revised revenue forecast on an ongoing basis across our IG portfolio. Ttheir robust plasma supply position is tthey result of tthey execution by our BioCenters team in rapidly expanding our internal plasma collection center network and management's assertive efforts to secure third-party plasma supply contracts. We believe tthey strong inventory position we have built, including tthey favorable procurements of external plasma will provide for financial flexibility in tthey periods atheyad. We routinely entertain plasma supply request from third parties and we will continue to opportunistically monetize excess plasma wtheyn value creating. Particularly so as we have now built total inventories to tthey upper bound, which we forecast will trend between $150 million to $175 million moving forward. With respect to macroeconomic conditions, we continue to believe tthey supply chain measures ADMA has achieved to date in addition to tthey intheyrent counter cyclicality of tthey plasma industry, togettheyr positions tthey company to successfully navigate challenging operating backdrops and furttheyr accelerate in more normalized economic conditions. We believe tthey remuneration for plasma donation can theylp donors manage and offset increased pressures due to theirtoric consumer inflation rates. It is in ttheir context that ADMA is proud to be a trusted partner with tthey local communities we serve and we look forward to welcoming many more donors to our state-of-tthey-art BioCenters. Ttheyse significant accomplishments across our business could not have been possible without tthey dedication and focus of ADMA’s staff, leadership and advisors. Thank you for your dedication and hard work in achieving our corporate goals and delivering on our commitments to tthey patients, prescribers and stockholders to whom we have made ttheyse promises. We commend tthey entire ADMA team for your important efforts focused on improving theyalthcare for patients, who we know are counting on us. Additionally, before turning tthey call over to Brian, I would like to confirm our strategic alternatives process remains ongoing and tthey exploration of value creating opportunities is a top corporate priority. We will update tthey market as developments materialize. With that said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey third quarter 2022 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. We issued a press release earlier today outlining our third quarter 2022 financial results. And I'll now discuss some of tthey key highlights. As Adam mentioned earlier, total revenues for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2022 were $41.1 million as compared to $20.7 million during tthey third quarter of 2021. Ttheir represents an increase of $20.4 million or approximately 99%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey third quarter of 2022 compared to tthey third quarter of 2021 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp up of our IVIG product portfolio and expansion of our customer base for both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. As a result of tthey year-to-date execution, we are raising our total revenue guidance for tthey second time ttheir year and we now expect to generate full year 2022 total revenues of $145 million, up from $130 million as most recently provided. During tthey third quarter of 2022, ADMA realized a gross profit of $9.7 million compared to a gross profit of $0.4 million for tthey third quarter of 2021. Gross profit during tthey third quarter was driven by a favorable contribution from our higtheyr margin product ASCENIV. Although, we are pleased with tthey underlying margin developments and favorably evolving product mix, it is important to note that a substantial portion of our BIVIGAM revenues during tthey third quarter consisted of legacy produced 2,200 liter scale product. Ttheir 2,200 liter scale product was produced during 2021 and yields a significantly lower margin compared to tthey 4,400 liter scale production process, which was approved by tthey FDA subsequent to tthey manufacturing of our 2,200 liter batctheys. Encouragingly, ADMA has been exclusively producing BIVIGAM at tthey 4,400 liter scale since tthey second half of 2021. Tthey residual lower margin inventory produced at tthey 2,200 liter scale is anticipated to be fully depleted over tthey coming quarters and once sold future profit margins are expected to improve. Excluding tthey impact associated with tthey sale of lower margin 2,200 liter scale BIVIGAM, tthey company estimates corporate gross margins for tthey third quarter would have been approximately 2% to 4% higtheyr compared to reported results, translating to an approximate 26% to 28% corporate gross margin in a normalized quarter. Accounting for tthey transient gross margin dynamics amounting to approximately $1.3 million at tthey midpoint. In addition to approximately $1 million in non-recurring operating expenditures incurred during tthey quarter, tthey company estimates third quarter operating loss would have been approximately $7 million tthey equivalent of approximately 50% improvement compared to tthey prior year's third quarter. Consolidated net loss for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022 was $14.9 million or $0.08 per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss of $17.7 million or $0.13 per basic and diluted share for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021. Net loss decreased by approximately $2.8 million compared to tthey third quarter of 2021 primarily attributable to higtheyr gross profits of $9.3 million offset by a $2.3 million increase in interest expense as a result of additional debt principal as well as rising interest rates. Additional offsets during tthey third quarter of 2022 included increased plasma center operating expenses of $1.7 million and ttheir was attributed to having nine plasma centers in operation compared to five operating centers during tthey same period last year, as well as increased general and administrative expenses of $2.2 million resulting from increased theyadcount, commercialization and marketing expenditures. We look forward to expanding on ttheyse trends in tthey quarters atheyad as we expect to continue to grow revenues and gross profits and narrow net losses in tthey coming quarters. In doing so, we anticipate our pathway to profitability will become increasingly clear. We have strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet and funding position over recent periods. On a pro forma basis, tthey company's total liquidity stands at approximately $81 million which includes current cash and cash equivalents at tthey end of tthey third quarter of approximately $35 million. Accounts receivable of approximately $21 million and access to an additional $25 million in non-dilutive funds from Hayfin, which is accessible at our discretion through March of 2023. As of September 30, 2022, ADMA's total asset value was approximately $301 million notably including approximately $163 million of total inventory and ttheir is recorded at our cost approximately $35 million in cash and cash equivalents as well as accounts receivable of approximately $21 million. Lastly, we are very pleased with tthey expansion progress of our BioCenter segment with tthey plasma collection unit now having received four FDA approvals year-to-date. Through our BioCenter segment, we now operate seven FDA licensed source plasma collection facilities in tthey U.S. with two additional collection facilities in operation and collecting plasma that are presently under FDA licensing preparation and review, and our 10 facility, which is currently under construction. We remain on track to have all ten plasma collection centers FDA licensed by tthey end of next year at which point we anticipate having raw material plasma supply self-sufficiency. At present, we are encouraged with our donor foot traffic and collection volumes, which are now considerably exceeding our organization's pre-pandemic levels. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. ADMA is well positioned to build on tthey foundation establittheyyd during 2022. We are pleased with ttheir year's results and look forward to a successful year end for 2022 and continuing tthey strong momentum into 2023. End market Immune Globulin growth remains one of tthey fastest growing segments in tthey pharmaceutical sector. And we are proud to have clearly demonstrated our company's staying power within ttheir landscape. Tthey pieces are in place for ADMA to sustain its best-in-class revenue growth profile and deliver on our long standing commitment of reaching profitability as rapidly as possible. Tthey forward looking visibility that our seven to 12 month manufacturing lead time provides for and furttheyr considering tthey operational efficiencies we are presently unlocking, gives us unique insights into tthey coming quarters. It is in ttheir vein that we confidently and compretheynsively reiterate all previously provided near term and longer term top and bottom line financial guidance. We look forward to continuing to deliver on commitments as we enter 2023. Tthey year that we expect will be defined by tthey company's rapid revenue growth and ADMA's advancement towards profitability. In closing, I would like to thank you our stockholders for your continued support as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high quality, safe and efficacious products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma and theylp save lives. And with that, we'd now like to open up tthey call for your questions. Back to you, operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Petrone with Mizuho Group. You may proceed. Adam Grossman Hi, Anthony. Operator Anthony, if your line is on mute, please unmute. Anthony Petrone Apologies for that. Hi, Adam. Hi, Brian. Hi, Skyler. First off, just congratulations on what really appears to be a milestone quarter for tthey company and tthey team, and really tthey culmination of lots of hard work and theyavy lifting through tthey pandemic. So congratulations to tthey team and everyone in ADMA. Maybe… Adam Grossman Thank you. Just doing our job, Anthony. Anthony Petrone Maybe to begin, Adam, it would be great to just start with a general update on tthey state of affairs across tthey plasma space. We're in tthey endemic phase of COVID-19, IG demand seems stable. However, tthey supply chains are still improving, but still are kind of clawing that way back from wtheyre we were pre-pandemic. So maybe just tthey state of affairs across plasma, your latest views on IG demand at tthey infusion center level? And ttheyn just a quick update on wtheyre you see supply trends trending into tthey end of tthey year? And ttheyn I'll have a few follow ups. Adam Grossman Thanks for tthey question, Anthony. I think to start out and reiterate tthey comments I made in tthey prepared remarks. Tthey IG business is theyalthy. Plasma is strong. Tthey recovery on tthey collection side and I think that you've theyard that over tthey last couple of weeks with some of our brethren companies out ttheyre. We're seeing an uptick in collections improvement at tthey border. I think ultimately ttheir is a benefit for tthey patients. Ultimately, ttheyre will be more supply in our seven to 12 months’ time horizon because that's tthey production cycle as I know you and a number of our shareholders understand. I can't speak to tthey broader business. I can speak about ADMA and our products. I mean, we're certainly doing our job not only with tthey product being puttheyyd in, but tthey pull through is incredible. We've seen some record utilization months over tthey last quarter and that trend is continuing into tthey fourth quarter. I can tell you that tthey business is durable. It's sticky. I know that ttheir is something that we've been speaking about all year on our conference calls and in our one-on-ones with shareholders. People have been asking, well, how do we know that ASCENIV utilization is going to stick? How do we know that tthey BIVIGAM is not a blip or that ttheyre are some supply issues with ottheyr manufacturers out ttheyre. And I think that as you see ttheir continued quarter-over-quarter growth, especially as it pertains to our IG portfolio, we're in tthey right institutions. We've got great prescriber engagements and it's sticky. We're seeing more patients being added to both tthey BIVIGAM and ASCENIV infusion sctheydule weekly and we expect ttheir to continue throughout tthey remainder of tthey year and throughout ‘23 and beyond. So we're feeling pretty good. Just maybe touch on your last part of your question, it's hard to predict my crystal ball and certainly cloudy, but theirtorically demand has typically outpace supply. So I think even with tthey positivity around collections improving. It's going to be a while, I think, until we start to see that supply balance. Ttheyre's pent up demand ttheyre that is starting to be fulfilled. And we've got more product sitting in work in process and finittheyyd goods than ever before. As you see with tthey strong inventory number and we're going to meet tthey challenges ttheyre. And we're ensuring tthey continuity of care and we've got tthey supply on hand. So we're going to continue to hit milestones and hopefully grow top line, increase our gross profits and narrow losses going forward. Anthony Petrone That's great. And I'll shift to a couple of follow ups. One, I'll stay on revenue and ttheyn I'll pivot to Brian on margins. But maybe a little bit on ASCENIV, wtheyn we initially modeled out tthey company, we didn't have ASCENIV at ttheir level of utilization and consumption. So maybe a little bit on tthey ASCENIV demand real time. How much is coming from tthey theyightened RSV season that we're seeing right now versus utilization in primary and secondary immune deficient patients. And I'll have one last follow-up on margins. Adam Grossman So I know we missed you for a couple of quarters. We like RSV theyre. We're not an RSV company. I've said ttheir before. I don't want to sound like a broken record on ttheyse calls, but we do not promote any of our products for RSV. RSV is tthey marker that we use to screen our plasma donors to see who has hyperimmune, high-titer antibodies to RSV in ttheir panel of various respiratory viral pathogens. And as you know, we make ASCENIV using ttheir hyperimmune platform and we blend it with normal source to create a unique IG that has IP protection through 2037. So tthey ASCENIV business, I'm not going to sit theyre and say to you that ttheyre is not some acute care use in hospitals, but it's limited. Tthey majority of tthey ASCENIV, tthey overwtheylming majority of tthey ASCENIV utilization is in tthey outpatient setting. It's in labeled patients, primary immune deficient patients. Ttheyse are patients that are problematic. Ttheyse are patients that have failed ottheyr IG ttheyrapies. Ttheyy've had dose increases. Ttheyy've got certain comorbidities and ottheyr socioeconomic risk factors that render ttheym more susceptible to infections and ttheyy have a harder time clearing ttheyse infections. Ttheyse are patients that have chronic and persistent sinusitis, otitis, ttheyy may be have had multiple bouts a bacterial pneumonia and ttheyy have bronchiectasis. And we're really engaged in a medical education conversation that as I said, I think during tthey last quarter call, tthey benefits of COVID and tthey awareness of COVID coming out of ttheir pandemic has sort of accelerated ttheyse conversations with prescribers. But patients also take ttheyir care into ttheyir own hands. And I really truly believe that wtheyn you dig around tthey Internet a little bit, ttheyre's chatter about ASCENIV and about differentiated Immune Globulin out ttheyre for tthey immune deficient population. And I think that that's theylping to drive awareness and to drive utilization. So we've also said it in tthey prepared remarks, we're very excited and encouraged by tthey developments in tthey vaccine community. Wtheyttheyr I should share ttheir or not one of my passions and reasons for starting ttheir business as a premature born infant, I had RSV and ttheyre was nothing for me back in tthey day. And I think it would be an absolute win for tthey medical community for a vaccine to be available. But I think as we all know, you need a competent immune system in order to respond to tthey antigens in tthey vaccine. And tthey patients to ADMA Biologics is passionate about tthey patients that benefit from our products. Are tthey immune compromised wtheyre typically ttheyre's limited utility or no utility from ttheyse vaccines. So tthey product is theyre. Again, we don't promote it for anything ottheyr than what it's indicated for Anthony and utilization is growing. And I really feel that we're moving tthey peg forward and we're doing something really special for tthey immune compromised. Anthony Petrone That's excellent. And last one for me on margins, just tthey updated guidance looking outward and certainly intrigued by just a call theyre for net, a high level of net profits, I should say, in tthey 2024 to 2025 timeframe And so Brian maybe walk us through tthey dynamics ttheyre. How much of that is mix shift to ASCENIV? How much is coming from tthey transition to expanded leader pools and ttheyn just general leverage gains. Again, congratulations to everyone. Brian Lenz Thank you, Anthony, for tthey congratulatory remarks. We do continue to be very encouraged with our ongoing acceleration of our gross margin development. We are now seeing a 70-30 mix with BIVIGAM and our higtheyr margin products, which has really evolved about a year earlier from our initial launch projections back in 2019, 2020 wtheyn we were thinking 90-10, 80-20, 75-25, 70-30. So that's really occurred about a year earlier. So as we furttheyr continue to deplete our remaining batctheys of our lower margin 2,200 liter BIVIGAM batctheys, and ttheyse were produced about a year ago. As you understand, tthey seven to 12 month manufacturing timeline, ttheyse BIVIGAM margins in tthey 4,400 liter production scale, which was recently approved in April 2021 from 2,200 batctheys will go from a single to low double-digit margin to tthey mid-20% to 30% gross margins for tthey 4,400 batctheys over tthey coming quarters. As we're exclusively producing only higtheyr margin, a more efficient 4,400 batch process, near production for BIVIGAM. And as you know, we've already stated ASCENIV yields, gross margins are between 80% and 85%. So going -- looking forward into tthey future in tthey next couple of quarters and beyond, we look forward to continuing to grow gross margins and see continued gross profit expansion. Anthony Petrone Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James. You may proceed. Skyler Bloom Hey, Elliot. Elliot Wilbur Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. Adam Grossman Good afternoon. Brian Lenz Good afternoon, Elliot. Elliot Wilbur I want to ask a follow-up question around gross margin dynamics in tthey quarter, tthey math seems pretty clear with respect to tthey dynamics between tthey 4,400 and 2,200 liter production volumes, but just want to think about ttheir over tthey next couple of quarters because it sounds like ttheyre's some residual inventory that probably will remain around, I'm guessing, till sort of mid-2023. But fair to say that ttheir is sort of tthey peak quarter in terms of tthey impact of having tthey lower margin 2,200 liter inventory run through tthey P&L. And am I thinking about it right in tthey sense that it's probably fully exhausted by mid-2023? And ttheyn just longer term, does tthey 2,200 liter batch production capability ever enter tthey equation again or is all production essentially going to be completed using tthey JV 4,400 liter capacity. Adam Grossman Maybe I'll just take that part of tthey question. Tthey 2,200 liter scale is approved. Do we want to make product at that scale? No. It's approved. We have ottheyr products that we may want to make in tthey future. Ttheyre are ottheyr hyperimmunes. As you know, we are expanding our CDMO potential opportunities. So you want to have different various scales that are validated and qualified Elliott. But just hit that part of tthey question going forward, BIVIGAM especially. Since tthey approval in July of ‘21, we have been making BIVIGAM exclusively at tthey 4,400 liter scale and we have no plans to produce any additional BIVIGAM at that scale going forward. Now I'll shut off and let Brian answer tthey meat of tthey question. Brian Lenz No. Thank you. Thank you, Elliot, again, for tthey congratulatory remarks as well. So to specifically answer your question, you're spot on, we expect tthey remaining 2,200 liter batctheys that will produce up until call it, tthey middle of 2021 to be depleted or meaning sold throughout tthey next couple of quarters be completely sold by tthey middle of 2023. Ttheyre's substantially we've already sold tthey majority of tthey 2,200 to date. Ttheyre's a couple of quarters to go that we feel that tthey 4,400 will be sold exclusively starting in tthey middle of 2023 at a higtheyr margin production process again in tthey 20% to 30% range for tthey 4,400 batch production liter process. Adam Grossman Ttheyre's not a lot of inventory left. It may accelerate, Elliott, but I think Brian is right. It could last into tthey middle of tthey year. Brian Lenz Okay. Which would obviously… Elliot Wilbur Go atheyad. Sorry. Brian Lenz No, I was just going to say which would obviously accelerate tthey overall corporate gross margin to a higtheyr level as we continue to -- as we continue to go into 2023 and go beyond 2023 to get to that 40% to 50% overall corporate gross margin. Elliot Wilbur Okay. Thanks. Ttheyn Adam, I want to ask a follow-up question on your earlier commentary around tthey RSV landscape. In general, tthey emergence of vaccines obviously going to be a lot more noise in tthey space over tthey next 18 to 24 months and a lot of data coming out in broader populations. But just sounds like your take is that ASCENIV kind of stands on its own in tthey marketplace. It's not an RSV based product, vaccinations really don't have impact in tthey immuno compromised population. And I'm not sure some of tthey larger studies that are still underway wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy're actually specifically looking at that population or not. But outside of evacuation impact. I'm just wondering if you take divergence of all ttheyse different ttheyrapies including some of tthey maps could somehow eventually have an impact on tthey donor pool. Adam Grossman That's a great question and it's something that I think about all tthey time. I mean, yes, hypottheytically, ttheyre's widespread vaccination with an RSV vaccine like ttheyre was with COVID, would ttheyre be high levels of RSV antibodies in tthey general population in plasma? Sure. Ttheyre would be. But again, I think what's interesting about ASCENIV is we're not just looking for ttheyse donors that have high taters to RSV. Again, ttheyy're a marker for people that are high responders to a wide array of different viral and bacterial pathogens. In tthey immunology textbooks, roughly about 10% of tthey population are considered high responders. And we feel that that's who we are targeting wtheyn we are using our proprietary and patented microneutralization assay to identify ttheyse donors. So naturally occurring antibody, slightly different than antibody that is being generated from a vaccine from tthey standpoint of tthey donors that we're looking for are naturally high responders and ttheyy have high titers for long periods of time. Again, to reiterate, ASCENIV is a drug for immune deficient patients, full stop. It's a drug for tthey primary immune deficient population. It's a drug that is utilized in secondary immune deficient patients. Ttheyse are patients that have cancer. Ttheyy're on ctheymottheyrapy. Ttheyy may have had organ or bone marrow transplants. Ttheyy're on active immunosuppression. Wtheyrever IG is used to support tthey immune system. ASCENIV is a theyalthy immune system in a bottle that is manufactured in a unique way wtheyre we blend hyperimmune in normal plasma. That's how to think about it. Tthey noise in tthey RSV world, tthey noise in tthey monoclonal antibody world, again, we are truly excited about ttheir from a scientific perspective. I've been involved in tthey RSV markets since tthey late-90s. So I can tell you that ttheir is an extremely exciting time. And tthey scientists in me is certainly watching and rooting for all ttheyse companies. I don't think that ttheyre's any impact on ASCENIV. I don't think ttheyre's any impact on tthey IG space in general. I think that if all ttheyse products prove successful, less people will die. And ultimately, that's why we get up in tthey morning theyre at ADMA. And I'm pretty sure that's why a lot of folks that are in pharma and biotech get up as well. So it's exciting times. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. Just one quick additional question. You spoke earlier to trends in collection volumes. Just wondering if you could speak maybe more specifically to cost of collection volumes and wtheyttheyr or not you're seeing more of a systemic impact in terms of tthey actual collection costs based on donor competition and/or just sort of general macro environment inflationary pressures et cetera.? Thanks. Brian Lenz Sure. Thanks, Elliot. Well, just to talk about collections and tthey progress we've made with our centers, obviously, we're very pleased with our year-over-year collections. Our plasma center growth and FDA approvals ttheir year. At ttheir time last year, we had three FDA approved centers, now we have seven. So thanks to tthey FDA and our dedicated staff. We've had a tremendous year so far. We have five centers opened ttheir time last year collecting NSP and RSV Plasma, now we have nine and our 10 center is currently in construction. Regarding tthey donor fees, we're seeing donor fees stabilizing. In some locations, we've seen decreases from theirtoric high donor fees. Ttheyy are again starting to stabilize in some areas starting to come down a bit of a decline all based on competition and ottheyr centers that are located near ours. Again, recall our manufacturing process is seven to 12 months. So those higtheyr donor fees that were reflected and previously produced and collected production costs or recently that those donor fees having a decline, ttheyy'll be downwardly adjusting our costs, which will be factored into tthey product as we sell subsequent in tthey next seven to 12 months, meaning our margin should expect it to be -- continue to improve. And lastly regarding tthey plasma centers, we still remain on track to have our 10 centers construction completed within our internal timelines and our three remaining centers to be FDA approved by tthey end of 2023, even with supply chain issues and ottheyr disruptions that have been seen across tthey global economy. So we're very proud of how far we've come with our centers. Operator Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Kristen Kluska with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may proceed. Kristen Kluska Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Let me also add my congratulations to you on ttheir quarter. Adam Grossman Thank you. Kristen Kluska Yeah, of course. So I saw in tthey print that you reiterated your thoughts on peak revenue opportunities in tthey outer years. But based on tthey trends that you're seeing theyre quarter-over-quarter and your enthusiasm, theyading into next year around tthey mix of products. How much of ttheir growth is really built into those calculations at ttheir time? Adam Grossman Well, I mean, -- it's a great question. I think I can start off by saying what's interesting about our business, Kristen, is that with ttheir seven to 12 month production cycle, we know how much we made last year. And I also know what tthey capacity of my plant is. So wtheyn we look at ttheir, ttheyre's a finite amount of product that we can make. Now I think what your alluding to is, so we've always thought 90-10 growing to 80-20 growing to 70-30 between our standard IG BIVIGAM and our higtheyr margin products ASCENIV in non-BHP. If tthey demand for ASCENIV continues at ttheir pace. And again, we don't have a crystal ball on wtheyn are we going to reach critical mass. We know that ttheyre are roughly about 10% to 30% of tthey primary inefficient patients have comorbidities, have chronic lung diseases, have bronchiectasis and tthey sky could be tthey limit ttheyre. Tthey amount of RSV plasma that we can collect from our center network and our third-party providers. So I think ttheyre are a number of variables ttheyre. We feel quite comfortable that tthey information on tthey corporate website and our slide deck that we've said, we can roughly process 600,000 liters theyre. We roughly get, call it, 4 grams per liter. So you could do tthey math on how many grams we can produce out of ttheir plant, but that mix could change. If you're asking, is ttheyre upside? Yes, ttheyre's upside. Do we feel confident that tthey guidance that we've given to tthey Street is reasonable guidance? Yes. We want to continue growing quarter-over-quarter. We understand what you and ottheyr analysts like. We understand what our investors like. We're doing our best to manage inventories. We're doing our best to manage collections. We're doing our best to manage cash flow and we're doing our best to sell as much of our products as we can at tthey higtheyst price as possible. So all of ttheir fits togettheyr. And from my view, I feel very confident with tthey $250 million or more guidance I think we've given for 2024 and ttheyn $300 million plus ttheyreafter. If we sell more ASCENIV, thank God we theylp in that many more patients. We can collect more plasma. Thank God, we'll be able to theylp that many more patients and it'll flow into tthey bottom line. And that's why I keep putting my money into tthey company. We're proud of what we're doing theyre. And I feel good about our position. I feel good about reiterating guidance. Very proud in ttheir backdrop wtheyre so many ottheyr companies are pulling guidance, lowering guidance. We're sitting theyre really to my commercial team, what I know is listening, you guys are doing a great job, to my production facilities, quality team, keep making a high quality product, you see people will use it. And if we keep doing our jobs right, everything will fall into place. Kristen Kluska Great. Thank you for that. And ttheyn with ASCENIV, I know in tthey nature of ttheyse PI patients, you can tell pretty rapidly tthey effects, but given that you've seen a lot of ttheir quarter-over-quarter growth, I would imagine that a number of ttheyse patients have been staying on it for a long time. So wanted to ask if you're seeing any interesting longer term trends with ASCENIV usage? Adam Grossman We are seeing patients remaining on ttheyrapy and ttheir is compounding. What we alluded to in our prepared remarks around ttheyse expanding opportunities, tthey early adopters, tthey folks who jumped on board early. Ttheyy've been out ttheyre publishing -- putting posters at scientific meetings, we've sponsored a number of medical education symposia. And ttheir is certainly look, it’s anecdotal data, small patient numbers, one patient, two patients, three patients in certain clinics at a time. But I think I'm okay with saying that some of tthey more conservative or “textbook physicians” that are out ttheyre, I think ttheyy want to get involved in tthey conversation too. I think that ttheyre's been enough chatter about tthey product, I alluded in tthey prepared remarks that we consider 2022 to be ttheir new launch theyre. I mean, it’s time wtheyre we've had restrictions off and tthey ability to engage front facing with tthey theyalthcare community across nursing, IG support, patient advocacy as well as tthey scientific engagement with tthey theyalthcare professionals. And I think that what we're seeing is that folks that were eittheyr on tthey fence [indiscernible] is ttheyre any extra utility with ttheir product. I think tthey market is saying, ttheyre is, in tthey right patient population, ttheyre is utility that can be derived by prescribing ASCENIV. So we feel good about it. We think tthey demand is growing and it's sticky. We think that it's durable. We really feel that we've moved tthey peg forward and are providing something else in tthey physician's armamentarium treat ttheyse patients wtheyre ttheyy don't just have to say, I'm sorry, ttheir is tthey best I can do. Ttheyre's something else for patients to try and from what I theyar and maybe my commercial force only likes to tell me tthey good news, but from what I theyar, patients come on product and ttheyy stay on product. So we've lost very few patients. Obviously, people have issues with insurance and reimbursement things of that nature. But at tthey end of tthey day, once you stay on a brand of IG that works for you, you tend to stay on it for a long, long time. Kristen Kluska Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Adam Grossman Thanks, Kristen. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn it back over to Adam now for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you for tthey analysts for joining. Thank you to our shareholders for your interest in tthey great work that we're doing theyre at ADMA. To our staff, keep up tthey great work. We appreciate you. And to everyone listening, donate some plasma, theylp save some lives. Visit admabiocenters.com to find one of our centers that may be near you. Stay theyalthy and have a great evening. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.