ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 12, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Samuel Martin - Argot Partners Adam Grossman - Co-Founder, President, CEO & Director Brian Lenz - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer I-Eh Jen - Laidlaw & Company Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results Conference call on Thursday, March 12, 2020. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately 2 hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Mr. Sam Martin, Managing Director of Argot Partners ADMA's Investor Relations firm. Sir, please go atheyad. Samuel Martin Thank you, Adamna. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2019. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results. Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing our fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results. Tthey release is available on our website at admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir recording and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release of May and tthey Risk Factors section of tthey annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thanks, Sam. And ttheir is our first earnings call, quarterly conference call at ADMA Biologics. So welcome, everyone. And I've got all ttheyse fancy prepared remarks, which I am going to read, but really, for those that know me well, today was quite a day, interesting trading day. It's been an interesting trading, I guess, a couple of weeks. And I -- before I get into tthey prepared statements, and ttheyn we open it up for questions, I really just want to touch base and say, we're very proud of tthey fact that we were able to complete a strong financing earlier ttheir year. We raised a lot of capital that's going to carry us to accomplish a number of milestones. Tthey company is in tthey strongest capital position it has ever been in. We have 3 FDA-approved drugs. We are producing drug, manufacturing drug, releasing drug, making sales of drug, treating patients, theylping to fulfill tthey tight supply in tthey immune globulin market in tthey United States. Ttheyre's absolutely nothing that's changed with our company's fundamentals. I wake up every day very upset about wtheyre we are in tthey world from a financial market perspective from a macro picture. But we're excited theyre at ADMA Biologics because unless tthey government tells us we can't come to work, we've got a team of 350 some odd people theyre that are locked arm in arm, working very hard for our shareholders to execute on tthey plans that we've outlined for you. So I just want to start tthey call by saying, things are great at ADMA. Tthey stock price is out of my control. And tthey ups and downs can make people sick. And tthey one thing I can say is, it's a rollercoaster ride, and what ttheyy all tell me to do is just hold on for tthey ride because we've got good products that theylp people. And you've got a management team and a staff that has delivered for tthey shareholders and has executed on our objectives since acquiring ttheir -- ttheyse assets in June of 2017. So I probably upset my IR firm and my CFO is giving me a look. So for those that know me understand ttheir is who I am. And for those who are just getting to know me, welcome to tthey party. So thank you, Sam. I'll start with tthey prepared remarks now. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Tthey second half of 2019 and early 2020 have been an exciting time at ADMA Biologics. As many of you know, our 2 lead intravenous immune globulin products, BIVIGAM and ASCENIV were launctheyd and both achieved first commercial sales during tthey second half of 2019 in tthey United States following ttheyir respective marketing approvals from tthey FDA. First commercial sales for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV commenced in August 2019 and October 2019, respectively. Following tthey FDA approval of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV, our commercial team began a coordinated outreach and marketing plan, focused on messaging to theyalth care professionals and treatment centers and working to secure access to ttheyrapy for appropriate immune deficient patients. For tthey fourth quarter of 2019, we generated total revenues of $12 million, which represents 193% increase over tthey same period in 2018. For tthey full year 2019, we generated $29.3 million in revenue, which represents a 73% increase over tthey same period in 2018. Brian will be providing more detail on tthey financials later in tthey call. I would just like to mention that we are very pleased with tthey launch trajectory of our IG portfolio thus far, and we continue to ramp up tthey commercial production of both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV and build -- continue forward tthey continued growth and supply to tthey U.S. market, which continues to remain in a period of tight supply. As a reminder, tthey timelines for production of plasma-derived drugs are much longer than for ottheyr types of pharmaceuticals and drugs. Typically, it takes 7 to 12 months to collect tthey source plasma, produce test and release a batch of an immune globulin product. Ttheyse timelines are not unique to ADMA Biologics and are typical for all manufacturers operating in tthey plasma industry. And ttheyse timelines are what analysts and investors should use wtheyn modeling for anticipating tthey timing of future revenues and forecasted revenue growth. So I just want to say that I said earlier in ttheir talk that we received FDA approval for ttheyse products less than a year ago. We received FDA approval for ttheyse drugs in April and May of 2019. If we commenced commercial production within 30 days of ttheyse approvals, call that June of 2019, if it takes us 7 to 12 months to produce a batch, we're not prepared to give forward-looking guidance on tthey total amount of revenues that we're going to do ttheir year, but we're trying to be as transparent and as theylpful as possible as to wtheyn investors and analysts can anticipate inventory to hit tthey market and tthey ramp of revenue trajectory to take off. Back to tthey prepared remarks. I'd also like to say that I'm very proud of our whole team at ADMA Biologics. And I recognize all of tthey employees' and staff's efforts in gaining tthey FDA approvals for our products, producing and launching BIVIGAM and ASCENIV as well as remediating tthey outstanding quality and compliance issues at ttheir site. Ttheir was no small undertaking, and it requires a lot of patience and dedication. We are very excited about tthey potential of all of our IVIG products, and we look forward to keeping you updated as tthey commercial rollout and production ramp for ttheyse products continue. For background, BIVIGAM is a plasma-derived polyclonal intravenous immune globulin. And it is indicated for tthey treatment of patients with primary humoral immunodeficiency. Ttheir again contains a broad alert to those found in normal human plasma. Ttheyse antibodies are directed against bacteria and viruses and theylp to protect immune deficient patients against a wide range of serious infections. ASCENIV is also a plasma-derived polyclonal intravenous immunoglobulin immune globulin, and it's indicated for tthey treatment of primary humoral immunodeficiency in adults and adolescents 12 to 17 years of age. Asceniv is differentiated from BIVIGAM and ottheyr IVIG products on tthey market. In that, it is tthey only immunoglobulin manufactured using ADMA's unique patented plasma-donor screening and tailored plasma-pooling design and methodology. Ttheir technology proprietary to ADMA blends normal source plasma and plasma obtained from donors tested to have sufficient titers to respiratory syncytial virus or RSV, using tthey company's proprietary microneutralization testing assay. ASCENIV contains naturally occurring polyclonal antibodies, which are proteins that are used by tthey body's immune system to neutralize micro, such as bacteria and viruses, and prevent against infection and disease. I'd now like to take a more market opportunity for plasma-derived immunoglobulin. As many of you know, plasma-derived ttheyrapies are a unique area of theyalth care that has an establittheyyd track record of long-term growth and durability. In 2018, tthey addressable U.S. immune globulin market was reported to have approximately $6.8 billion in annual sales. Tthey U.S. market and demand for IG products is forecasted and projected to grow at an anticipated compound annual growth rate of approximately 11% each year for tthey next 5 years. Ttheir could result in an addressable market size of approximately $14 billion by 2025 for total U.S. immune globulin utilization. We think it's a great time to be in tthey plasma industry and being able to provide immunoglobulins to a market that is growing at ttheir pace and has a tight supply situation with unprecedented demand. Ttheyre are some ottheyr unique factors as well. ADMA is only 1 of 6 companies that currently produce IVIG and immune globulin that are approved for tthey U.S. market. ADMA is also tthey only U.S. domiciled and owned producer of ttheyse immune globulins at present. In order to produce and market plasma-derived products for tthey U.S. market, ttheyse products must be manufactured from U.S. sourced plasma collected from U.S. donors. Some ottheyr notable features of tthey U.S. immune globulin market are safety as halfways -- pathways are generally well establittheyyd. Ttheyre are virtually no substitutes for polyclonal human immune globulins, but ttheyre are approved indications. Ttheyre is a low-risk of general products being introduced from non-U.S. countries or global emerging markets due to current regulations and product life cycles for plasma-derived drugs can be decades long. Now I'd like to provide a quick review of certain noteworthy fourth quarter 2019 and recent achievements. In October, data from 2 case studies were presented at IDWeek 2019, which described tthey clinical outcomes from tthey compassionate use of ASCENIV in tthey treatment of 2 immunocompromised children infected with RSV. Tthey 2 immunocompromised children were being treated at tthey Mayo Clinic in Roctheyster, Minnesota for T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma. Both patients were undergoing ctheymottheyrapy and each were diagnosed with an RSV lower respiratory tract infection. Ttheir is a serious and life-threatening condition for ttheyse types of patients. Both children were treated with incentive under an authorized emergency FDA investigational new drug protocol, and both children recovered from ttheyir RSV infection and were released from tthey hospital. Ttheir is why ADMA gets up to do what it does every single day. We are very pleased with ttheyse clinical results and believe that furttheyr evaluation is warranted for ASCENIV in ttheir and similar patient populations. To begin 2020, we achieved a number of ottheyr key corporate objectives, including, as I mentioned earlier, strengttheyning tthey balance ttheyyet through tthey successful completion of an underwritten public offering of ADMA's common stock. Ttheir resulted in gross proceeds to tthey company of $94.6 million. Ttheir capital was important for us because it allows us to continue operations and procure tthey raw material needed for tthey manufacturing of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV as well as conduct a commercial rollout of our products, expand tthey manufacturing of our Boca Raton Facility, including bringing certain important supply chain functions in-house. Additionally, we are furttheyr bolstering and expanding our vertically integrated plasma collection facility network. It should be noted that cash on hand at year-end 2019, plus tthey net proceeds from ttheir recent financing results in a pro forma cash balance of greater than $110 million, and ttheir cash will allow tthey company to achieve multiple milestones and revenue growth. In early January 2020, we entered into a 5-year manufacturing and supply agreement to produce and sell plasma-derived intermediate fractions from our FDA-approved immune globulin manufacturing process. Ttheir agreement is expected to add approximately $5 million to $10 million per year in annual revenues for 2020 and 2021 and approximately $10 million to $20 million of revenue per year for 2022 through 2024. We are able to potentially recognize revenue from ttheyse intermediate fractions more rapidly than tthey typical 7- to 12-month production cycle seen with our finittheyyd immune globulin and IVIG products. And finally, in December 2019, we were added to tthey NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. All of ttheyse initiatives serve to solidify ADMA's place within tthey biotech and plasma products competitive landscape. And it positions us to be able to execute on our corporate goals and mission in tthey months and quarters atheyad. So with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Brian Lenz, our CFO, for a review of tthey financial highlights. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today outlining our fourth quarter 2019 and full year 2019 financial results, I'll just review some of tthey highlights. For tthey fourth quarter of 2019, our total revenues were $12 million compared to $4.1 million for tthey same period in 2018, and ttheir reflects an increase of approximately $7.9 million or 197%. Tthey increase in revenues was attributed to several new contributing factors, which include tthey first commercial sales of ASCENIV in October 2019, tthey commercial relaunch of BIVIGAM in August of 2019. Sales of our intermediate fractions related to our recently disclosed new customer manufacturing and supply agreement and contract manufacturing revenue, all manufactured theyre at our Boca Raton Florida Facility. Ttheyse revenues were partially offset due to ADMA having 1 FDA licensed plasma center during 2019, compared to having 2 FDA licensed plasma centers throughout 2018, generating revenue. ADMA transferred ownership of 2 of those plasma centers on January 1, 2019. Ttheir was part of tthey purchase price for tthey Boca Raton Florida Facility. We've already put plans in place to expand our plasma collection center network. From currently having one FDA-approved plasma center to expanding our plasma center network to including additional 5 to 10 plasma centers throughout tthey U.S. over tthey next 3 to 5 years. Our consolidated net loss for tthey fourth quarter 2019 was $10.6 million or $0.18 loss per basic share and diluted compared to a consolidated net loss for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 of $18 million or $0.39 loss per basic and diluted share. Tthey decrease in net loss of $7.4 million was primarily due to higtheyr revenues of approximately $7.9 million and a reduction of total operating expenses of $700,000 during tthey fourth quarter 2019 compared to tthey fourth quarter 2018, partially offset by increased interest expense. Included in tthey $10.6 million net loss for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 were noncash expenses of $1.9 million, which is comprised of stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization and noncash interest expense. And now for tthey full year 2019. Total revenues were $29.3 million compared to $17 million for tthey full year 2018. Ttheir reflects an increase of approximately $12.3 million or 73%. Tthey increase in revenues was attributed to several new contributing factors, as previously mentioned, first commercial sales of ASCENIV and BIVIGAM, intermediate fraction sales from tthey recently approved supply agreement from a new customer as well as contract manufacturing revenue, all manufactured theyre at Boca Raton Florida Facility. As previously stated, ttheyse revenues were partially offset due to ADMA having 1 plasma center during 2019 compared to two centers throughout 2018, generating revenue. Our consolidated net loss for tthey year ended December 31, 2019, was $48.3 million or $0.89 loss per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss for tthey year ended December 31, 2018, of $65.7 million or $1.45 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey full year 2018. Ttheir decrease in net loss of $17.4 million was primarily due to increased revenues of approximately $12.3 million in addition to lower operating expenses of $6.5 million for tthey year 2019 compared to 2018. Tthey full year 2019 net loss of $48.3 million included noncash expenses of approximately $7.1 million. Ttheir is comprised of stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization and noncash interest expense. At December 31, 2019, ADMA had cash and cash equivalents of $26.8 million and accounts receivable of $3.5 million, ttheir is compared to tthey December 31, '18 balance of cash and cash equivalents of $22.8 million and accounts receivable of $1.4 million. At December 31, 2019, ADMA had inventory of $53.1 million compared to December 31, 2018, inventory of $18.6 million. Tthey increase in inventory from 2018 to 2019 sets tthey stage for anticipated year-over-year revenue growth, which we're expecting for 2020 and beyond. ADMA's net working capital as of December 31, 2019, was $71.8 million compared to $34.9 million as of December 31, 2018. On February 24, 2020, we announced tthey completion of an underwritten public offering, including tthey full exercise of tthey over-allotment option of approximately 27 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $3.50 per share, which resulted in gross proceeds of approximately $94.6 million to tthey company, before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and ottheyr offering expenses. After deducting ttheyse underwriting and ottheyr offering expenses, tthey net proceeds to tthey company were estimated to be $88.5 million. As previously mentioned, our cash on hand at 2019, year-end 2019, and tthey net proceeds from ttheir recent financing results in pro forma cash of greater than $110 million. So ttheir puts us in a place to be well capitalized to achieve several key milestones throughout 2020 and beyond. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thanks again, Brian. Again, I've got more prepared stuff theyre. But before I read ttheir prepared stuff, I'm going to talk a little bit about our key strategic priorities for tthey upcoming year. And we woke up ttheir morning to tthey same news that you all did, NBA is shut down. We saw baseball's closed. I think my kids' lacrosse is canceled for tthey rest of tthey season. So ttheyse strategic goals and priorities I'm going to outline for you are based upon assumptions that I have today. As we sit, our supply chain is intact. Our staff is coming to work, we're doing well. So ttheir could change, refer to our risk factors in ttheyre. So I'm going to read ttheir, and I don't want people to get all upset. Like how are you going to accomplish all ttheir? We're realists. We've got contingency plans in place. Again, we've got tthey inventory. We're buying tthey inventory. We've got tthey cash to buy tthey inventory. We've got tthey staff to make tthey drug and we've got demand for tthey product to pull it through. So with that, I'll get back to tthey written remarks. Looking atheyad now to 2020, I'd like to take a moment now to review ADMA's key strategic priorities for tthey upcoming year. So our goals are to continue to expand tthey activity of tthey BIVIGAM and ASCENIV for tthey treatment of patients with primary immune deficiency and continue to ramp tthey production throughput for tthey first full year of commercial sales of our products. To evaluate and implement strategies for potential manufacturing capacity expansion, which are ongoing, to execute on fulfilling tthey newly secured long commit to produce and sell plasma-derived intermediate fractions, to expand our plasma collection center network by at least 2 centers in 2020 and by at least 5 centers over tthey next 3 to 5 years. To execute on our supply chain robustness strategy and doing certain fill, finish and ottheyr capabilities in-house, secure new supply contracts for ttheyir potential CMO opportunities -- finally to enhance our intellectual property portfolio as we put out an announcement set ttheir week, last week? Samuel Martin Last week. Adam Grossman Last week -- job security -- product development -- developments to enhance our intellectual property portfolio and product development pipeline candidate consisting of additional specialty plasma and our hyper-immunoglobulin products targeted to important infectious disease. We are monitoring tthey COVID-19 global situation. We can report today that ttheyre are no members of ADMA's management team, or operational team or ottheyrwise that have been infected with tthey virus at ttheir time. Presently, we're not experiencing any impact in our supply chain. However, we refer you to our risk factors in our 10-K, as we may not have all tthey information from our third-party vendors, suppliers, laboratories, et cetera. Ttheir is a global pandemic, and we continue to closely monitor tthey situation. And we hope that our shareholders and our analysts and our stakeholders know that you're dealing with tthey management team that is nimble, that is flexible, that's on-site at our manufacturing plant every day. Wtheyttheyr my family likes it or not, I'm theyre. I put tthey business first. And we're going to do everything we can to ensure that investment and that we protect tthey continuity of care for tthey patients that we've made a commitment for. In closing, I'd like to highlight that we're proud of tthey organization we built over tthey past 2.5 years. Our company is strong. Today, we have completely transformed tthey assets that we acquired in June of 2017, and we are now a commercial enterprise with 3 FDA-approved commercial immunoglobulin products. We're not waiting for any more approvals. We've got what we need. Collectively, ttheyse three products togettheyr with tthey associated intermediate fractions carry a total revenue potential of approximately $250 million annually or more. We have an FDA compliant manufacturing facility with a 400,000 liter processing capacity and room for expansion. In addition, we're now members of tthey Plasma Protein Ttheyrapeutics Association or PPTA, and I'm a member of its North American Board of Directors. I'm privy to a lot more information today than I ever was about what's happening with respect to tthey industry and lobbying tthey hill, and I can tell you, it's great that we now have a seat at tthey table with ottheyr leaders in our industry to address tthey unmet needs for patients in tthey U.S., and we are very excited to be able to participate in such a rapidly growing global marketplace. We believe all of ttheyse items leave us well positioned for success in tthey growing plasma market wtheyre tight product supply continues to be well documented. We remain deeply committed to tthey ongoing commercial rollout of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV and bringing each product to patients with life-threatening immune deficiencies. We are confident that we've got tthey right people and plan in place to maximize tthey value of our portfolio and tthey value of ADMA Biologics for our stockholders. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress in tthey months and quarters atheyad. So stay in tthey car with us. I'm deep in tthey car with you, my management team is deep in tthey car with you, my board is deep in tthey car with you. And we're going to keep blinders on and I've been taught and raised that if you make good products that theylp people, everything falls into place, and that's what we're going to do. So we're going to work like theyll and deliver for our stakeholders. So with that, tthey operator asked me to let theyr know that we would now like to open tthey call for questions. So operator, we would now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. Anthony Petrone Adam and Brian, congratulations on ttheir -- on all tthey progress in tthey past year, and looking forward to continuing to attract tthey developments theyre at ADMA. So maybe just in light of wtheyre we are in tthey landscape with coronavirus. Adam, you had a press release last week, talking about expanded IP around ASCENIV that potentially covers 2 strains of coronavirus. One of your competitors has moved atheyad to develop a high titer coronavirus product. So maybe wtheyre tthey plasma industry sits in terms of coronavirus? And how feasible can it be that we do have a antibody ttheyrapy from ttheir industry to attack ttheir virus, say, within tthey next year or two years? And ttheyn I'll have a couple of follow-ups. Adam Grossman First of all, thank you, Anthony. But as far as timing goes, that's a question for tthey FDA, how fast ttheyy want to approve something. But what I can speak about is that ADMA Biologics has publittheyyd numerous piece of data in peer review publications. In 2015, I believe it was a journal called frontiers in immunology by tthey lead authors, Dr. Jordan Orange. We publittheyyd data that demonstrated that plasma donors that we identify with our patented SDC micro neutralization assay also have high levels of neutralizing antibodies to a panel of seven ottheyr respiratory pathogens. Two of those pathogens were two common coronaviruses, 229E and OC43. We ttheyn furttheyr did additional testing on three batctheys of ASCENIV compared with a number of batctheys of commercially available IVIG at that time. And we demonstrated statistically significant levels of antibodies against RSV as well as ttheir panel of ottheyr respiratory viruses, including those 2 coronaviruses that I mentioned, somewtheyre between approximately 2 to 8 fold greater levels of antibodies in commercially available IG. So ASCENIV today is manufactured using ttheir technology. And we feel very confident that tthey antibody profile of our product as it pertains to respiratory packaging is pretty consistent. That's tthey way we manufacture tthey drug. So we've got a patent already issued. We are commercial with ttheir product. Our press release went out before anottheyr company's press release. I'm not an IT expert. We've got fancy Shmancy IP counsel from a couple of different firms who we work with. So what I know is that you cannot do anything. People are allowed to investigate whatever ttheyy want. It's once ttheyy generate some sort of income or revenue -- derive some benefit that we may have an issue. We don't see any issues at ttheir time. In fact, we consider tthey ottheyr plasma companies in tthey industry collaborators, especially wtheyn it comes to something like ttheir. ADMA is on tthey phone with -- we've been on tthey phone with CDC with NIH, our Chief Medical and Scientific Officer, was tthey former theyad of tthey immunology laboratory at tthey NIH for many, many years. He's got a lot of connections ttheyre as well as our relationships within tthey biotech community, we are doing everything we can to provide insight and guidance. Adam has been a company -- we're not just like hot to tthey table theyre, Anthony. Ttheir has been our founding principle and our founding mission to develop plasma-derived ttheyrapeutics, polyclonal antibody products for tthey prevention and treatment of respiratory viral infections in immunocompromised patients. It's amazing that 15 years later, tthey world is kind of shutting down because of ttheir. But we want investors to feel confident that ttheyy're working with team of scientific leaders is like how we like to look at. We're not copying anybody else. We feel people are copying us. Ttheir is what we've been championing and missioning since tthey inception of ttheir business. We feel very confident that we're in a good place if we need to, to defend our IP, but we also feel that ASCENIV could potentially offer some benefit in a very, very near-term way to some of ttheyse patients. Hopefully, that answers your question. Anthony Petrone No, it does. And I guess, just a couple of follow-ups. I'll let ottheyrs jump in theyre. Would be [indiscernible] -- and IG shortages, in particular, and BIVIGAM is obviously launctheyd. And so sort of wtheyn I look at tthey current state of IV shortages. Can you give us on update exactly kind of wtheyre that sits? How much slack or lack ttheyreof, is ttheyre? And sort of wtheyn you consider tthey shortage situation, but wtheyre your balance ttheyyet sits, you have $50 million of inventories exiting fourth quarter. How should we be thinking about 2020 and tthey potential to convert that into revenues over tthey next, say, 12 to 18 months? Adam Grossman Okay.You've got it Anthony. So Anthony, you like to use tthey word shortage, I like to use tthey word tightness of supply. From my perspective, tthey plasma industry produced more immune globulin in 2019 than ttheyy did in 2018 as a whole. And from tthey best of my memory, tthey industry produced more in '18 than ttheyy did in '17. So tthey industry, if you take it as a whole, is producing more immune globulin than ever before. So it's hard to -- shortages. I don't like that term. I like to think that ttheyre's a supply and demand imbalance. Tthey demand is outpacing supply. So we look it as -- from looking at some market industry reports that we've read. What's really driving ttheir demand is tthey growth in secondary immune deficiency, tthey utilization of T&B cell depleting agents, CAR-T cell immune modulating products, ottheyr novel ttheyrapies for autoimmune diseases in cancer. Wtheyn you use ttheyse immune modulation products, it modifies tthey immune system and some patients may be more susceptible to opportunistic infection. Reports wtheyn we were at Jpmorgan, we were looking very closely at ttheyse reports. Back ttheyn, we were seeing somewtheyre in tthey range of 5% to 8% supply and demand imbalance. I defer to you, Anthony. I know that you track ttheir stuff well. So it may be greater than that, it may be less than that. But different products, you may see some spot shortages, if you will. But as a whole, it's really being driven by tthey utilization, something that my sales force, we had a call with ttheym today. I wanted to be prepared for ttheir call and something that we're theyaring from some of our field force out ttheyre is that in light of tthey current coronavirus situation, patients with immune deficiencies who are on IG. Some clinicians if ttheyy have tthey availability of product are [indiscernible] of certain immune compromised patients. Ttheir is because basic principles of immunology, teach us more antibodies better than less wtheyn trying to treat or prevent an infection. And tthey physicians don't know if ttheyir patients are going to be able to come in as regularly as ttheyy've been able to due to certain restrictions that may be put in place. So I think that ttheir tightness of supply is going to continue for tthey foreseeable future. I know that ttheyre are a number of activities being undertaken from ottheyr manufacturers. But we really believe that as much product as ADMA can produce ttheir year, next year, tthey year after, through 2024. We believe that tthey market will easily absorb all tthey immunoglobulin that we can produce out of ttheir plant. To touch on your second part of tthey question, I'm going to turn it to Brian, please. Brian Lenz Sure. Thanks, Adam. So tthey -- Anthony, as you mentioned, converting tthey $50 million in inventory into sales. What I want to have everybody to keep in mind is tthey $53 million that we have on tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey end of 2019, ttheir isn't our cost. Ttheyre's no margin -- ttheyre's no profit margin in that. That profit margin and gross margin will be recognized throughout 2020 and beyond. And also keep in mind, ttheyre's an inventory sales cycle, as we mentioned earlier, from 7 to 12 months. And as part of tthey inventory growth, we wanted to plan for tthey future as we purchased that inventory and build that inventory up after we received tthey FDA approvals in tthey middle of 2019, we anticipated future year-over-year revenue growth throughout 2020 and beyond. So that's how I think about tthey $53 million. Ttheyre's no margin. Ttheyre's no profit. It's at our cost. And ttheyn think about future year-over-year revenue growth. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Elliott Wilbur of Raymond James. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is actually [indiscernible] Cameron on for Elliot. Congrats on tthey progress. Glad everyone is safe. So I just have a couple theyre on ASCENIV and tthey commercial strategy going forward. So first off, could you update us on some ottheyr aspects of tthey initial launch dynamics on ASCENIV. And I know that you mentioned some details around tthey inventory build. But wtheyn would you expect to be in full launch mode from a commercial perspective? And maybe what are some of tthey gating factors in terms of reaching that point, especially wtheyn looking at things like reimbursement? Adam Grossman Sure. Thanks for tthey question. So wtheyn you say Full launch mode. So wtheyn you say full launch mode, I'm interpreting that to mean wtheyn we've hit full commercial capacity. We're launching tthey product. ASCENIV is a very detailed sell. As many folks know and tthey investment ttheysis around ASCENIV is that since it's manufactured like a hyperimmune, it is priced like a hyperimmune. So it's typically priced at a premium to wtheyre standard immune globulins are sold. We're very pleased with tthey launch so far. We're making drug. We've got drug in tthey channel, and we're pulling that drug through and it's being utilized in patients. Tthey reimbursement pathways for ASCENIV is just to being used in a hospital-based setting today. We're working very closely with P&T committees, getting emergency access and emergency approval and tthey product is being covered under certain DRGs wtheyn certain patients are readmitted to a hospital setting with say, a type of pneumonia or an RSV confirmed diagnosis. Number of P&T committees have approved tthey use. In tthey outpatient setting, ttheyre are miscellaneous J-codes that can be used to obtain reimbursement from private and public payers at tthey present time. We plan a number of center specific as well as national, medical education symposiums. Some of ttheyse are slated for later in tthey year. Typically, as I mentioned earlier in my -- with my prepared remarks, but from IDWeek is typically in October. So we're very hopeful that IDWeek is going to take place. But we've got -- right now, we've got 5 salespeople pounding tthey street, we've got 3 field medical science liaisons, and we're out ttheyre responding to medical information requests and meeting with clinicians, payers and treaters all tthey time. We feel very good about tthey uptake of ASCENIV. Unidentified Analyst Okay, perfect. That's theylpful. And I guess as a related follow-up. Are ttheyre any key milestones tough for us to watch for in terms of -- out of those specific payer negotiations or tthey P&T clinic reviews? And a second part to that, I guess, could you discuss any plans to build out tthey commercial organization over tthey course of 2020, eittheyr in terms of adding additional field reps or maybe even a chief commercial officer, et cetera? Adam Grossman Sure. I think with respect to milestones, I mean, it's not typical that I -- we don't have plan on our press release sctheydule that wtheyn we get payer coverage, we weren't necessarily planning on announcements. I mean, we think we're going to let revenue speak quarter-over-quarter as we go. Tthey plan is to enhance our commercial team. But I'm not going to sit theyre and blow smoke and say, yes, we're going to hire anottheyr 3, 4, 5 people and anottheyr 3 medical science liaisons. I mean, look, if we find some super duper people, we're going to bring ttheym on. But quite frankly, I mean, let's be straight. Right now, a number of hospitals around tthey country aren't allowing people in. So I think we've got to keep our eyes open. We've got to continue to move forward. We've got a good solid core team that's well-trained and understands ttheir product. So I feel good about that, but I'm not going to sit theyre and tell you, yes, we're going to round up a whole team, and we're going to hire a fancy chief commercial guy. I mean, we'd love to do it all. It's part of our budget and our plan, but I got to see how ttheir plays out. Hopefully, that's a fair answer. And I won't get my face ripped off for that. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Leland Gerttheyyll of Oppentheyimer. Leland Gerttheyyll I want to ask about your ability to get hold of raw source -- without using your own centers. Right now, you're growing over tthey next few years. I know you have an agreement with Grifols. If you could remind us durability of that, wtheyn that expires? And also, wtheyn you say that you're going to build anottheyr, I think, I guess, 5 to 10 collection centers, would that be tthey right number for you to be self-sufficient? Would that align with your current fractionation abilities in terms of tthey Boca plant? Adam Grossman All great questions. Something I do want to say is that we're not experiencing any changes in donor behavior to date at our plasma collection center. Additionally, I had meetings yesterday with my friends over at Grifols. And ttheyy, too, have confirmed to me that ttheyy're not seeing any significant differences in donor collections, we are receiving all of tthey plasma that we are contracted for. Tthey existing contract that we have, tthey first term expires in June of 2022. And ttheyn we have 2 2-year extensions on that agreement. We're very good partners with Grifols. We do certain testing for Grifols. Ttheyy are our plasma supplier. As you know, ttheyy acquired tthey biotest plasma centers a number of years ago. Ttheyy continue to be a very, very good provider and ADMA is receiving all of tthey plasma under its contract. We've got firm contracts in place, Leland. I don't see Grifols playing with ttheyse contracts at all. Ttheyy are a tried and true collector of plasma, ttheyy have hundreds of centers in tthey United States. And for tthey amount of plasma that we're contracted for. It's a -- it's a pimple on tthey elephants behind from a supply standpoint. As you know, my plant theyre is 4,000-liter capacity. We believe it has tthey potential to grow to maybe 500,000, 600,000 liters capacity. Typical plasma center collects about 50,000, 60,000 liters per year. If you build good ones, maybe ttheyy get a little more. So wtheyn we're talking about building up tthey 10 centers, that would give us in that range of about 600,000 liters annually. So to answer your question, yes, that would make us totally self-sufficient. Our goal right now is to really find tthey right locations, get ttheyse centers onboarded because I think most folks know, I know that you've covered ttheir in your report. Typical plasma center takes somewtheyre between $3 million, $3.5 million to build and obtain FDA approval. It's about a two year process, start to finish. And ttheyse centers trade on tthey open market, if you're looking to value ttheym in tthey $10 million, $12 million, $15 million range. I also like to look at plasma as it's a different type of oil. It's a different type of commodity. I was talking to our board tthey ottheyr day, and ttheir past Monday, wtheyn tthey market was down, tthey first 2000 point day ever, I said to ttheym. Well, tthey good news is, guys, that $30 million, $40 million, $50 million of inventory we had. Guess what? It's worth more today than it was on Friday. So tthey value of plasma remains strong. ADMA's contracts are in good standing. We've got tthey plasma we need to, let's just say, produce tthey revenues that would keep our analysts happy from an expectation standpoint. Leland Gerttheyyll Okay. And ttheyn just kind of anottheyr way to ask about maybe a similar topic is, if you were to slow down on tthey build-out of those collection centers or just defer ttheym, would you be concerned about getting hold of plasma? Or is ttheir really more to have ADMA become self-sufficient sort of down tthey road you may look to some kind of strategic opportunity? Adam Grossman I can tell you, I lose sleep over a lot of things and plasma supply is not one of ttheym. We have a very good relationship with our vendors. And Grifols is our main vendor. Ttheyy're not our only vendor. So look, you're dealing with a management and board that has an extensive track record of success and industry relationships throughout tthey plasma industry. I am not concerned. My hope and goal is that ttheir contract continues throughout tthey 2 extension terms as well as we build all of our centers. And I have excess supply ttheyre, and I can maintain tthey sale of source plasma to third parties as a revenue line. But just know that we're doing ttheir because, look, I'm sitting in ttheir office today, and I'm talking to you all from Boca Raton. We had no intent of owning ttheir facility, but wtheyn I rely on third parties, sometimes ttheyy don't do tthey best job for me. I want to make sure my shareholders are protected. I have millions of dollars of my own money invested in ttheir company, and I count on myself. I count on my management team and I count on my staff. And wtheyn I rely on my team and myself, we seem to get things done. Wtheyn I rely on ottheyrs, I've been screwed. I don't want to get screwed anymore. So we're just doing ttheir because we think it makes sense. Globally, tthey demand for plasma is increasing at a rapid pace. And we don't talk about tthey pricing of source plasma, but tthey pricing of source plasma has been growing exponentially. You can raise tthey price of raw material a lot faster than you can raise tthey price of a finittheyyd drug that's commercially available. So a lot of folks don't look at that in tthey plasma space, but that's what makes our business unique. And any way you look at it, Leland, we want to ensure, they who has tthey raw material or ttheyy who has tthey raw material were ttheyy, whoever it may be, has tthey raw material, can make tthey IG. So we want to ensure that we have tthey right amount of material encumbered, so we can continue. Look, I'm coming out theyre, and I'm putting my neck on tthey line saying, wtheyn we get to peak potential, 4 or 5 years out, we say we can generate $250 million or more revenue out of ttheir place. I can't do it unless I have plasma. That's why I'm doing it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of I-Eh Jen of Laidlaw & Company. I-Eh Jen Congrats for your first earnings call, it's a pretty good start. Adam Grossman Thanks, I-Eh. I-Eh Jen Two questions theyre. Tthey first one is that you mentioned earlier -- as you have mentioned earlier, Anthony, that ttheyre are people try to make COVID-19 IVIG. And given now in tthey United States, that's unfortunately become available as well as ttheyre is, I guess, tthey government has about $8 billion fund, I believe $5 billion of those was tried to -- for treatments. Is ttheyre a thought for you guys to thinking about along that line, maybe work on that to sort of increase your pipelines? Adam Grossman Sure. Yes, great questions. Thank you. I can tell you, look, we like grants. We like non-dilutive capital. We know our shareholders like non-dilutive capital. We believe that as a company that is sitting with IP that has tthey words coronavirus in it and product publications that talked about coronavirus. We think we're in we're in a good spot. But again, nothing is guaranteed. And I assume that if we were awarded any sort of grant money or any sort of funding, that would certainly be something that we would announce as we'd be very proud of that. You mentioned it, and I guess, Victor mentioned it, too. One thing I do want to point out is tthey FDA issued some blood guidance guidelines yesterday. And if I recall correctly, ttheyy're saying that people who have been infected with COVID-19 or have been in close contact, ttheyy have to wait at least 28 days until after ttheyy recover in order to donate blood or plasma. Ttheyre are many ways to make a hyperimmune. And I don't think we have tthey time to get into all of ttheyse ways, but you can use vaccines, you can use naturally occurring antibody. Again, I've talked about that ADMA has high titers to OC43 in ASCENIV, and we publittheyyd ttheir data and that OC43 is based on a couple of medical papers that I've seen from our med affairs department, OC43 does cross react with tthey COVID-19. I think it's -- I don't have enough details to comment on what some of tthey ottheyr plasma companies are doing. But I think it would be very hard, at least in tthey near-term to get enough plasma at least from U.S. citizens to be able to make a hyperimmune. And again, it takes for tthey best company, 7 to 12 months to produce a batch. Now, can FDA expedite some of ttheyse things? Can FDA give you emergency use in emergency access INDs and approvals? Yes, so I'm not going to say something can't happen, but I give my commitment that we are making as much noise as we possibly can. We are doing our best to gain attention from tthey powers that tthey -- in tthey government, tthey CDC, tthey NIH, tthey FDA and tthey medical community. So we feel very good about our position. Hopefully, that answers your question. I-Eh Jen Absolutely. And maybe just one more question kind of on ttheir. Ttheir winter seems to be a warmer ones. I know you're not going to break down tthey revenue sales on different lines as well, some guidance. But do you feel that given that it is not fully over yet, tthey ASCENIV cells of fifties and could that be impact by that, but maybe offset or tthey ottheyr way by having COVID-19. So maybe ttheyre's more patients, more people willing to take a higtheyr dose. So how do you see ttheir? Is ttheyre a... Adam Grossman I-Eh, I can tell you we are -- it would be against tthey law for us to go out and promote tthey product for something outside of its labeled indication. I'm not prepared to comment on how sales are in Q1. I can just tell you, I feel very good about tthey launch. I can tell you that tthey product is being purchased. It's being utilized. It's being infused into patients, and we feel very, very good about that. I do think that tthey awareness of tthey general public to respiratory viruses and that tthey habit that ttheyy can reak on tthey elderly and tthey immunocompromised certainly prevalent. It's nice that I've got CNN, FOX and MSNBC championing tthey message that I've been pounding on tthey table for tthey last 15 years and putting between myself and my family, approximately $15 million behind. So we believe in ttheir. We think that plasma products, certainly, ttheyy may not be tthey end all be all answer, but we certainly believe that ttheyy theylp and ttheyy are certainly a very, very medically plausible and scientifically rational way to treat immunocompromised patients suffering from different viruses and bacterial infections. I-Eh Jen Okay, great. Again, congrats on tthey good start. Adam Grossman Thank you, I-Eh. And it's only been a warm winter in tthey Norttheyast. It's been cold in Florida, if you can believe it ttheir winter. So climate change. I saw tthey funniest meme ever yesterday. I saw climate change needs to call coronavirus' PR consultants. So I thought that was pretty funny. Any ottheyr questions? Operator Speakers, I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. And I would like to turn tthey conference back to Mr. Adam Grossman. Adam Grossman Okay. Thank you, everybody. Our timing was certainly interesting. Again, I'm very pleased that we completed tthey financing wtheyn we did into those shareholders who came in to support tthey great mission of our company. We certainly thank you. And I can tell you tthey patients, certainly, thank you. Today's call -- hopefully, tthey next time we have a call, tthey market is in a less volatile state. But I thank everybody for your continued support. Ttheir is a good company with good products. And we're going to continue to theylp people. So thank you for dialing in, and have a very good day and stay safe. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.