ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q2 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Vincent Pappanastos - Investor Relations, Argot Partners Adam Grossman - Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Lenz - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Raghuram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright & Co. Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer & Co. Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference call on Wednesday, August 5, 2020. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's Web site approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Mr. Vincent Pappanastos, Managing Director at Argot Partners, ADMA's Investor Relations firm. Please go atheyad. Vincent Pappanastos Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey second quarter 2020. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide a corporate update, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2020 financial results. Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for your questions. Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey second quarter 2020 financial results. Tthey release is available on our Web site at admabiologics.com. Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey Safe Harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir recording and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today and tthey Risk Factors section of our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and our second quarter 2020 10-Q which we expect to file following ttheir conference call for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Vincent. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us on ttheir afternoon's call. We hope you and your families remain theyalthy and safe as we all continue to navigate ttheir new world of living with COVID-19. At ADMA, tthey first half of 2020 was marked by several key achievements and milestones, solidifying ADMA's forward-looking growth strategy. Like ottheyrs, we faced some challenges associated with COVID-19 and its impacts as we continue to navigate through ttheyse unprecedented times. Despite ttheyse challenges and our instituting ongoing remote work from home and no travel policies, tthey company's staff continue to forge atheyad and chip away at achieving our stated goals and objectives. ADMA continues to make progress with its manufacturing, supply chain and commercial objectives. We are proud to be a growing company in tthey plasma products industry. We are proud to be a company that's on tthey front lines interacting with convalescent COVID-19 plasma donors and having a voice to affect change as a member of tthey COVID-19 Global Plasma Alliance. We are working on a number of early stage development activities at tthey present time targeting COVID-19, including testing assays, as well as potential treatments with differentiated plasma-derived ttheyrapies. As we progress with ttheyse R&D activities, we will be sure to inform our stakeholders. We thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support and commitment as an important part of tthey ADMA Biologics team, assisting us to pursue forward-thinking research and development activities, with tthey promise and power of plasma-derived antibody products. Thank you. Now, I would like to review progress in tthey second quarter and some of our recent milestones and achievements. At tthey end of June, we announced tthey opening and first collections at our new plasma collection. We have successfully submitted tthey accompanying biologics license application to receive US FDA approval for ttheir center, which is anticipated for mid-2021. We expect to open tthey third US plasma collection center and commence construction on a fourth center by tthey end of ttheir year as well. We have several new plasma collection centers identified that are in various stages of development to meet our stated objective of having 5 to 10 built over tthey next three to five years. Tthey global demand for US-sourced plasma for furttheyr manufacturing continues to outpace tthey available supply. And ttheyse investments into ADMA BioCenters business unit are anticipated to support ongoing production and growth into tthey future. As many of you are aware, during tthey second quarter, ADMA joined tthey COVID-19 Global Plasma Alliance, a plasma industry collaboration led by CSL and Takeda that was establittheyyd to accelerate tthey development of a plasma-derived hyperimmune globulin ttheyrapy for COVID-19. As an alliance member company, ADMA's wholly-owned subsidiary, ADMA BioCenters has been collecting and providing COVID-19 high titer plasma to tthey Alliance from individuals who have recovered from COVID-19 infection. We are truly grateful for all tthey donors who continue to do good for ottheyrs and donate ttheyir plasma. We need many more donations as an industry and we encourage all US citizens to make a difference and donate your plasma. We are proud to be working togettheyr with ttheyse great companies to fight COVID-19 and provide a potential treatment for ttheir highly infectious disease. Tthey success of ttheir alliance relies on tthey support of people across tthey globe to donate plasma. Even if you have not had COVID-19, your plasma is useful and needed by many patients. We encourage you to find a plasma center near you by visiting www.donatingplasma.org and donate your plasma today. Every donation makes a difference and patients are counting on all of us. Moving on now to revenue. Importantly, during tthey quarter, we continued to add new customers and prescribers for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. ADMA's commercial team has continued to push atheyad and understands that many of tthey patients who are prescribed BIVIGAM and ASCENIV will require tthey ttheyrapies potentially year-round. Thus, managing tthey finittheyyd goods supply chain is a top priority for us as a company. We are working hard to ensure that any patient who is prescribed BIVIGAM or ASCENIV has continued doses available to ttheym. In an theirtorically tight IG supply environment, which is anticipated to have additional forward-looking tightness in product market availability, ADMA must not lose sight of tthey fact that building brand loyalty and ensuring that our patients need not worry if ttheyy will have ttheyir IG supply next month or tthey month ttheyreafter is of paramount importance for tthey long-term success of our business. We are a company committed to responsible inventory management and treat our prescribers, patients and distribution partners needs as a top priority. As we continue tthey commercial rollouts of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV, as well as continued to promote tthey use of NABI-HB in tthey face of tthey logistic and engagement challenges due to COVID-19, our company's grassroots promotional efforts are starting to pay off. We've been setting tthey stage for building long-term brand loyalty and company awareness in a market that has been dominated by large players for decades. We are building a business one patient at a time. And for our shareholders who have watctheyd companies like tthey former Baxalta, CSL and Grifols grow over tthey past 5, 10, 20 years, understand tthey growth and success that is afforded to companies that operate in compliance and place tthey care of ttheyir patients and staff as high priorities. We have set tthey stage with our production over tthey previous 12 months to be in a position to now supply tthey US market with what we believe to be a reliable and continuous supply of BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and NABI-HB, and we look forward to achieving significant growth over tthey next three to five years wtheyre we believe we can grow our business to $250 million or more in top line annual revenue. For tthey first half of 2020, we generated total revenues of $18 million, reflecting a nearly 80% increase over tthey first half of 2019. Ttheir includes $7.8 million in total revenue for tthey second quarter of 2020. While tthey second quarter revenues were greater than any prior-year period by approximately 19%, ttheyy were lower compared to tthey first quarter of 2020 due to certain temporary, unforeseen delays related to COVID-19 which we experienced in June with our final GMP product release testing performed by certain third-party vendors. Ttheir means that while a few of our production batctheys were finittheyyd on sctheydule, we were unable to submit to tthey US Food and Drug Administration for lot release authorization because of certain specific delayed lab test results. Ttheyse testing delays prevented ADMA from receiving FDA authorization to sell additional completed production batctheys during tthey second quarter. Ttheyse delays were experienced during tthey latter part of tthey second quarter, which have been resolved during July. In response to ttheyse delays, and in partnership with tthey FDA, we rapidly identified and added additional release testing laboratories to our approved consortium listed in our drug approval documents. We believe that we completely resolved ttheir issue and we do not anticipate any additional testing or batch release delays going forward. As of mid-July, we began receiving FDA releases for several completed product batctheys with our new testing laboratories data. As we'll be seeing in our second quarter 2020 10-Q, our finittheyyd goods inventory has increased 75% to $9.1 million since year-end December 31, 2019. Ttheir translates into having more product batctheys ready for commercial sale as soon as tthey testing results are received. Ttheyse batctheys of our commercial product are anticipated to be sold during tthey second half of 2020 and forward, with attention being paid to manage supply to ensure tthey continuity of patient care and taking into consideration uncertainties due to tthey backdrop of COVID-19. Now, I want to highlight theyre that ttheyre has been no adverse impact on market demand for any of our products. Market demand for all of our plasma products remain strong in tthey market, and we expect considerable revenue growth for tthey forward-looking three to five-year period. It's important to keep in mind that ttheir is our third full quarter of revenues for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. And given tthey 7 to 12-month production timeline, we are just now beginning to tap into tthey IG product that was manufactured in tthey second half of 2019 post FDA approval, about one year ago. Ttheir is why we are confident that tthey second half of 2020 can be considerably stronger than tthey first half. And we remain on track to achieve our stated goal of generating in excess of $250 million in annual revenues within tthey next three to five years. During tthey quarter, we continued to make great strides implementing our multifaceted supply chain robustness strategy, designed to enhance visibility in manufacturing throughput as we continue tthey commercial rollout of tthey BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. We also purchased and installed a new aseptic filling machine, Vanrx SA25 Workcell, and manufactured four conformance batctheys of BIVIGAM at an increased scale that will allow us to ultimately manufacture at twice tthey volume compared to tthey scale that is FDA approved and in place today. Ttheyse important initiatives are designed to reduce operating costs, improve our overall margins, and provide for faster production cycle turnaround time, providing tthey company with increased control and independence from third-party vendors and contractors. We remain on track to submit tthey appropriate applications to tthey FDA during tthey second half of 2020 and into 2021 and expect to begin benefiting from our supply chain investments as early as mid-2021. As we progress and make ttheyse regulatory filings, we will report any material news as it develops to our shareholders. Like many ottheyr companies in life science sector, we experienced our share of COVID-19 challenges during tthey second quarter. In addition to tthey delay and a speedy resolution of tthey final GMP product release testing that I mentioned earlier, we also experienced certain COVID-19 related impacts to ottheyr areas of our supply chain, as well as our commercial engagement efforts. As a result of past state and local ttheyylter-in-place orders, we experienced lower-than-normal donor collections at our FDA approved plasma center during tthey second quarter. During ttheir early part of tthey third quarter, we have already observed an increase in plasma collections compared to tthey second quarter in 2020. We also experienced delayed shipments of non-plasma raw materials, sourced plasma from our contracted third party suppliers, as well as delays in deliveries of personal protective equipment, reagents and supplies used in tthey manufacture of our products. During tthey quarter, we observed certain impacts to our customer engagement initiatives, including our sales and medical affairs field forces experiencing difficulties communicating directly with physicians and ottheyr theyalth care professionals and tthey cancellation or postponement of a number of key scientific and medical meetings, which furttheyr limited our ability to communicate with potential customers. We have implemented a compretheynsive suite of virtual engagement initiatives. However, clinician engagement has been reduced due to tthey rapidly evolving COVID-19 priorities at many US medical centers. Lastly, we achieved an important milestone ttheir quarter regarding tthey reimbursement of ADMA's novel polyclonal IVIG product, ASCENIV. During tthey second quarter, thanks to tthey dedicated efforts of our market access and commercial team, we secured reimbursement for ASCENIV under tthey temporary J code and have establittheyyd an average selling price or ASP for tthey ttheyrapy. Ttheir publittheyyd payment limit by CMS of $963.54 per gram for ASCENIV is tthey first step for a new IVIG product to receive coverage by Medicare as well as supports reimbursement efforts for outpatient use by third-party payers. We are very pleased with how rapidly our ASP for ASCENIV has been establittheyyd and reimbursement through Medicare was achieved. We are currently able to provide our three FDA-approved immune globulins to patients across tthey country in tthey inpatient and outpatient settings. Congrats to tthey team, if you're listening, for achieving ttheir great milestone. And with that, I'll turn tthey call now over to Brian Lenz, our CFO, to review tthey financials. Brian? Brian Lenz  Thank you, Adam. Since we issued a press release earlier today outlining our second quarter 2020 financial results, I'll review some of tthey highlights. For tthey three months ended June 30, 2020, total revenues were $7.8 million compared to $6.6 million for tthey second quarter of 2019. Ttheir represents an increase of approximately $1.2 million or 19%. Tthey favorable revenue realized during tthey second quarter of 2020 was primarily due to sales of BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and plasma-derived intermediate fractions compared to no sales from ttheyse products during tthey same prior year period. Recall, both ASCENIV and BIVIGAM were approved by tthey FDA in April and May of 2019, respectively, and tthey contract for certain plasma-derived intermediate fractions was executed in early 2020. Subsequent to ttheyse FDA approvals of ASCENIV and BIVIGAM, our Boca facility began tthey commercial production ramp up during tthey second half of 2019. As Adam mentioned earlier, our finittheyyd goods commercial inventory has increased by 75% from $5.2 million as of December 31, 2019 to $9.1 million as of June 30, 2020. Please keep in mind, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, tthey value of our inventory is stated at our cost. Ttheir increase reflects our stated manufacturing cycle time from tthey second half of 2019's commercial production ramp up and we look forward to now being in a good position with solid inventories to continue adding customers, distribution partners and prescribers over tthey coming quarters and potentially generating considerable increased revenue during tthey second half of 2020 compared to tthey first half of ttheir year. Consolidated net loss for tthey three months ended June 30, 2020 was $20.2 million or $0.23 loss per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss of $13.2 million or $0.25 loss for basic and diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2019. For tthey six months ended June 30, 2020, total revenues were $18 million compared to $10.1 million for tthey six months ended June 30, 2019. And ttheir represents an increase of $7.9 million or nearly 80%. Tthey increase in revenues was primarily attributable to sales of BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and plasma-derived intermediate fractions, none of which again were available for commercial sale during tthey same prior-year period. Consolidated net loss for tthey six months ended June 30, 2020 was $39.4 million or $0.49 loss per basic and diluted share compared to consolidated net loss of $26.3 million or $0.53 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey six months ended June 30, 2019. At June 30, 2020, ADMA had cash and cash equivalents of $75.8 million and accounts receivable of $6.5 million. And ttheir is compared to cash and cash equivalents of $26.8 million and accounts receivable of $3.5 million at December 31, 2019. ADMA's net working capital as of June 30, 2020 was $130.1 million compared to $71.8 million as of December 31, 2019. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman  Thank you, Brian. ADMA has made excellent progress during 2020 thus far on its key corporate priorities, including initiatives to strengttheyn our supply chain, which will greatly benefit tthey company over tthey long term by reducing operating costs, improving margins and shortening production cycle timelines. Given tthey unprecedented macro market conditions in tthey US and tthey COVID-19 effects being experienced by us and our third-party vendors and suppliers, we believe ttheyse effects are temporary and that our future is bright and ripe for growth. While we have experienced some variability during our first year of sales, especially since we are commercializing our products on tthey backdrop of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we are highly confident that revenues for tthey second half of 2020 will be considerably higtheyr than that of tthey first half. And most importantly, for our shareholders, we remain on track to achieve our stated goal of generating in excess of $250 million in annual revenues over tthey next three to five years. I want to assure all of our stakeholders that our fundamentals remain strong and that tthey demand for our immune globulin products remains robust. We remain deeply committed to successfully navigating tthey ongoing commercial rollouts for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV and bringing each product to patients with life-threatening immune deficiencies. To tthey patients receiving our products, you have mine and my team's entire commitment to work relentlessly to ensure you have your immune globulin available wtheyn you need it. You can count on ADMA Biologics as a reliable and committed provider of immune globulins. We extend our sincerest gratitude and commend tthey efforts of tthey entire ADMA Biologics team that continues to rise to tthey challenge of navigating tthey company through ttheir burdensome period in order to ensure that tthey critical plasma-derived, antibody-rich products we produce are available over tthey long term and continuously for our patients and customers. I truly thank all of you. With that, we will now open up tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Unidentified Participant Hey, ttheir is Zack on for Anthony. Can you just talk about how many batctheys were locked up and delayed due to FDA testing? Adam Grossman Sure, it was it was a handful. We're not really prepared to give specific, Zack, but it was a few batctheys. Not very many. But what we can tell you is that if you think about tthey way we produce our product, ttheir is drug that we had produced 7 to 12 months earlier. Ttheyy were all ready to go. And unfortunately, due to COVID, we have a lab that's based overseas in tthey United Kingdom and, unfortunately, ttheyy were just unable to get test results to us. And we worked very, very rapidly with FDA. We were really pleased that tthey issue is totally resolved now. And we've resumed lot releases and we are back in regular lot release land, if that works. But everything has been resolved completely. Unidentified Participant Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn, looking at tthey second half, how should we look at expenses going forward? Adam Grossman Brian? Brian Lenz Sure. So, as we previously mentioned, we manufactured four conformance lots. And we disclosed that it's about a little over $6 million for those batctheys. I would say that that's – ttheyre are some extraordinary items in tthey cost of sales. But as we continue to grow tthey organization, grow tthey plasma operating centers, you would look at it – pretty comparable to wtheyre we had tthey first six months of ttheir year, excluding tthey conformance batctheys. Unidentified Participant Okay. And ttheyn, batch testing on BIVIGAM, can you just give us an update on that? Adam Grossman Batch testing on BIVIGAM for releases or are you talking about tthey capacity expansion project? Unidentified Participant Tthey capacity expansion? Adam Grossman Sure. So, I think during tthey quarter, we produced some additional conformance badges. And we are on sctheydule. As I said in my prepared remarks, we do have plans to submit tthey applications for a number of our ongoing supply chain robustness activities, including tthey fill finish machine for all three of our products as well as tthey capacity expansion for BIVIGAM, taking it from tthey already FDA approved scale of 2,200 liters per plasma pool, scaling that up to 4,400 liters. So, we're on track with tthey timing, and we will keep tthey shareholders and our analysts informed, but we're hopeful that we can have ttheir on file with tthey agency before tthey end of ttheir year and some of tthey applications into tthey first part of 2021. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur Just specifically following up on tthey actual filing process for tthey scale up, Adam. I presume that would qualify as a prior approval supplement and somewtheyre in tthey range of four to six months for final FDA approval. Is that correct? Adam Grossman That's correct, Elliot. I think tthey way to answer that question, we should be looking at ttheir as if it's a standard prior approval supplement. So, we will put that on file and ttheyn tthey FDA would have four to six months. But I'm optimistic that ttheyre are ways to expedite certain reviews with FDA during ttheir period. I think should COVID-19 persist, maybe ttheyre are ways that we can work with tthey agency. Ttheyy have been very collaborative with us, as noted by resolving some of our ottheyr problems, but I think looking at some of tthey nearest term potential tightness in IG supply, I think that ttheyre are mechanisms and maybe some levers we can pull to potentially expedite that. But for budgeting, forecasting, planning purposes, we are looking ttheir as – that's correct, it is standard PAS, prior approval supplement, to amend our existing FDA-approved BLA to allow us to manufacture at that scale. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And ttheyn, with respect to ASCENIV, obviously, ttheir is a very detailed sell. To some extent, that's kind of been hindered in tthey current environment. But just any anecdotes that you can offer in terms of a direct physician interaction detailing tthey product discussions with P&T committees, just trying to get a sense of sort of wtheyre you are kind of theyre in tthey early stages of that commercial launch? Adam Grossman Sure. I'll just kind of straight on and say, P&T committees, getting everybody that you need is definitely hard. With that being said, we've had a number of customer engagement meetings one on one at academic centers, at regional medical centers as well as in tthey outpatient setting for ASCENIV. I think that in light of tthey current environment and tthey current situation with tthey backdrop of COVID-19 and tthey increased awareness, if you will, an understanding that antibodies that are in immune globulin and that are naturally occurring antibodies are theylpful wtheyn trying to manage, prevent and retreat different types of infectious diseases. So, we certainly had a number of inbounds requesting information through our medical affairs department. We've got a full library of information that we can share depending upon tthey patient populations. As well as in tthey outpatient setting, we're seeing that ttheyre are certain clinicians out ttheyre who are looking at different risk factors that ttheyir patients have, looking at environmental risk factors. And if you've seen, Elliot, tthey asceniv.com website has been up for a number of months now. And I think if you go through tthey asceniv.com, ttheyre are certain areas of information ttheyre that talk about tthey types of patients that may be at a higtheyr risk or increased risk for having problems due to respiratory infections. And roughly 90% of patients who are on IVIG still have problems with certain chronic persistent recurrent infections. So, we're seeing some patients receiving authorization and third-party payer approval to switch from standard IG on to ASCENIV and we're very hopeful that, with ttheir recent announcement that we've received, a reimbursement price, if you will, of our ASP, plus 6% for Medicare, that ttheir should continue. So, our sales force is busy. I can't tell you that ttheyy're flying around tthey country, going to all tthey fancy medical meetings, I can't tell you that all of tthey wonderful symposia and tradeshow booths that we had designed and paid for and planned are being used, but we're keeping it all ready because we think we're going to come through ttheir and be stronger as a country and as a global society, and we'll get tthey message out ttheyre. But we're doing it grassroots, Elliot. We're able to engage one doc at a time, one treatment center at a time, and we feel that we are making progress. Elliot Wilbur I just want to ask you a follow-up question to one of your last points ttheyre with respect to tthey recent J code issuance. Ultimately, how important do you expect Medicare to be in terms of tthey ASCENIV book of business? And ttheyn, with tthey issuance of that code, and correct me if I'm wrong, that basically allows clinicians to essentially use tthey product without any sort of prior authorization in tthey Medicare setting. Is that correct? Adam Grossman I guess your first part of tthey question, ttheyre are a number of patients that receive IVIG who are on Medicare. What percentage of ASCENIV's business, it's important. Every patient is important to us with a drug like ASCENIV. With respect to payer, ttheyre are – to answer your question, tthey short answer is, yes, you're correct. However, with immune globulin, typically, 90% of immune globulin starts wtheyttheyr ttheyy're on label or in evidence-based use, ttheyy typically do require some type of prior authorization. So, from what our sales force has been able to do is ttheyy work hand in hand – and our medical affairs force provides any sort of papers in tthey literature and we're working hand in hand with tthey treaters to achieve tthey prior authorization needed. But to answer your question, in ttheyory, patients will now be able to receive ASCENIV if ttheyy have a prescription for intravenous immune globulins and tthey doctor feels that ASCENIV is tthey right product for ttheyir patient. Elliot Wilbur And ttheyn, just last question, with respect to COVID-19, ttheyre's been some investigator-initiated studies looking at standard IVIG. Curious if you've theyard any anecdotes with respect to eittheyr furttheyr studies or any stories of success ttheyre and wtheyttheyr or not you've seen any utilization of ASCENIV in COVID-19 patients, given that ttheyre's a certain percentage that also tend to have a fairly high prevalence of RSV and ottheyr respiratory illnesses. Adam Grossman Sure. Great question, Elliot. Thank you. I've read tthey same data as most of you and it seems that, depending upon tthey dose, depending upon tthey time that immune globulin is added to tthey treatment armamentarium, if you will, ttheyre has been a trend and some of tthey data is out of China, some of tthey data out of tthey US, but ttheyre has been a trend that patients seem to be doing better. Ttheyre's a plethora of data in tthey literature to support tthey utilization of immune globulin to theylp manage ttheyse infections. Now, ttheir is outside of tthey package insert labeling and ADMA does not have any ongoing trials looking at ttheyse uses. I think tthey way to answer your next question, I theyar a lot of things from our sales force. I theyar a lot of things from a lot of people. And I don't think it's – I don't have a way to confirm what ttheyy're using ASCENIV for ottheyr than what people are telling me. So, I think tthey best way to answer your question is, our products are commercially available. Ttheyre are ottheyr IVIG products that are commercially available, and I'm fairly certain that ttheyre are a number of institutions around tthey country that are deploying tthey use of immune globulin in tthey inpatient setting to manage patients with COVID-19. So, I think it's reasonable to assume that, if a clinician has tthey ability to prescribe one of tthey ADMA's FDA-approved products, ttheyy may. IVIG is used 50%, 60% in an evidence-based way. And I think that it's reasonable to assume that IVIG, including ADMA's products, based on availability, will be used in ttheyse hospitals. I think that's tthey best way I can answer your question. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Raghuram Selvaraju So, a general question which had been on my mind for quite some time. I was wondering if you could comment on tthey implications for ADMA of tthey shift from tthey intravenously-administered immunoglobulin to subcutaneously-administered immunoglobulin and if you think that that might potentially present benefits or opportunity to ADMA. And also, specifically, if you could comment on tthey potential for ASCENIV in particular to be administered subcutaneously. Adam Grossman So, ADMA at tthey present time does not have any FDA-approved products that are administered through tthey subcutaneous route of administration. Our products are administered intravenously or with NABI-HB intramuscularly. I think that we can debate till tthey cows come home about some of tthey benefits of giving immune globulin for certain patients intravenously compared to giving tthey benefits of immune globulin subcutaneously. And I think with tthey patient population that ADMA has its labeled indications for, which are patients with primary immune deficiency, we believe that tthey IV route of administration certainly allows for rapid bioavailability of tthey antibody and it's been shown to work for 20, 30 years. We look at tthey data and we look out ttheyre and subcutaneous route of administration certainly offers convenience. It certainly offers tthey ability for patients to dose ttheymselves wtheyn it's convenient for ttheym. And it certainly theylps in tthey time of COVID with respect to having patients administer tthey IG ttheymselves without tthey need to go to an infusion center. In ADMA's experience, right now, we have been informed that a number of patients who are receiving BIVIGAM and/or ASCENIV in an infusion center, eittheyr connected with a hospital or a freestanding clinic, that tthey payers have been approving at-home IV administration. So, from our perspective, we don't see any impact. And tthey last thing I'll say is that, wtheyn you look at tthey data – and I was just on a panel. It feels like just. But Elliot's not on tthey line anymore, but it was at tthey Raymond James conference. And I was under tthey – at least tthey data that I've seen is that in order to achieve tthey same IgG trough levels between an intravenous product and a subcutaneous product, you require more infusion. And ttheyre was a clinician on tthey panel with me at tthey Raymond James conference who gave what I thought was a staggering percentage of how much more product you need to administer. So, I look at subcutaneous as something that we could do in tthey future. But at tthey present time, our focus is on manufacturing our intravenous product, pushing forward our R&D efforts with respect to COVID-19 as well as expanding tthey label for ASCENIV at tthey opportune time, and focusing on building up our safety inventories to ensure a reliable, continuous supply of immune globulin to our patients. Raghuram Selvaraju Okay. Again, a couple ottheyr minor detail things. I was wondering if you could just verify that tthey new filling line expense that contributed to tthey increase in R&D spending is a non-recurring item. And ttheyn, also, if you could specify what percentage of tthey 2Q revenue base came from intermediate fractions. Brian Lenz Sure. I can take ttheir, Ram. Tthey R&D, look, throughout tthey year, we're going to have various projects in R&D, but ttheir should be tthey bulk of tthey expenses from ttheir fill line. With regards to breaking out revenues, we look at BIVIGAM, ASCENIV, NABI-HB and our intermediate fractions as all part of our collective aggregate revenues and tthey total amount of revenues for those products. We do not break out our individual products separately. Raghuram Selvaraju But tthey intermediate fractions is probably a minor contributor, right, if we were to characterize qualitatively? Brian Lenz We previously announced in early 2020 that we entered into a long-term supply agreement with a third-party customer that we'll be selling intermediate fractions in tthey several million dollars ttheir year and ttheyn it would grow to $10 million to $15 million to $20 million over tthey next two to three years, annual growth. So, I would say it's a meaningful contributor. We just signed tthey agreement earlier ttheir year and we are seeing ongoing revenue increases. Adam Grossman As our production ramp grows from – we're going to be obviously producing more of tthey plasma-derived intermediates for sale. And we're looking forward to it. Raghuram Selvaraju Okay. And ttheyn, just one last one on tthey plasma collection volume. Wtheyn do you anticipate that those could return to sort of "normalized levels?" Adam Grossman Well, that's a great question. If I could ask you one back, wtheyn do you think COVID-19 is going to be gone? I think that that is tthey question that we're all asking. Right? Look, ADMA has exposure to ttheir market. We've got a center that's operating. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and I think Brian has said too, we have certainly seen a rebound, if you will, from tthey lows that were experienced during tthey second quarter already in tthey third quarter. So, we're doing better. We feel pretty good. I think tthey industry as a whole is feeling better that – look, tthey government has made a decision on tthey unemployment additional stipend. Ttheyre are ottheyr things that have been changing around tthey country with respect to certain geographic regions opening up. Depending upon which one of my friends that have older children that are going back to college, some are open and some aren't. I think that also can provide benefits. So, I think it's a gradual return over tthey next 12 to 18 months till we get back to something normal. But with respect to ADMA, I want to reiterate that our supply contract is solid. We feel very confident and we continue to receive all tthey plasma that we anticipate receiving and purchasing under our agreement. So, between tthey addition of us building new centers, our existing centers seeing rebounds and tthey fact that our contract is currently in good standing and our supplier is delivering plasma as agreed, we feel very good that we're able to weattheyr ttheir storm probably a little bit better than some of tthey ottheyr fractionators that may have a bigger exposure with respect to ttheyir collections. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Leland Gerttheyyll with Oppentheyimer. Leland Gerttheyyll Just on tthey inventory line, you've been keeping that number pretty stable, $56 million now versus $53 million back at tthey end of tthey year and $52 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. So, we expect overall inventories ttheyn to continue to remain stable or will those also go up as you make more immunoglobulin in addition to tthey fact that tthey finittheyyd product inventory obviously will continue to rise? How should we think about that relationship? Adam Grossman I'll give you a very short answer, but I'll let Brian give you some more detail. Go atheyad, Brian. Brian Lenz We think tthey inventory is going to continue to increase now that we have entered into commercial scale ramp up since tthey second half of 2019. As you can see, tthey finittheyyd goods, ttheyy increased by 75%, just from tthey beginning of tthey year. And we are going to continue to collect more plasma as we're opening up more centers. We're going to continue to buy plasma from our third-party vendors. So, I would expect tthey inventory to continue to grow as we expect revenues to continue to grow. Don't forget, in tthey beginning of tthey call and in our press release, we did say we're anticipating $250 million in revenues over tthey next three to five years. You need inventory to grow to meet those numbers. And we are doing that. Leland Gerttheyyll Just wondering if you could quantify in any way possible kind of tthey advantages with tthey new aseptic filling machine in terms of both expense and margins and also timelines to finish product? Any way you can quantify it? I know it won't be coming online until probably mid next year, but just wanted to see if you could share any thoughts ttheyre? Adam Grossman I think I can take a stab at ttheir, Brian. Leland, it's hard for me to give you exact numbers because we haven't really made that much in it yet. But what I can tell you that attracted me to ttheir machine itself is that it does not use destructive weight ctheycks. And for anybody who has been in tthey fill finish industry and who understands how ttheir process works, depending upon if ttheyre's a purge vessel, depending upon if ttheyre are ottheyr types of feeder pumps and areas that go into ttheir, ttheyre are places throughout tthey fill finish process that are intheyrent for loss. So, we're really looking at ttheir from tthey standpoint of – ttheyre's non-destructive weight ctheycks. Tthey device is a state-of-tthey-art technology. And we're looking at it – tthey internal estimates are to achieve about a 10% improvement to gross margins. Ttheyre's no transportation costs. We don't have to hire tthey fancy FedEx custom critical truck and have all that insurance and pay all that money to drive tthey product to our third-party contract fill finish provider and bring it in-house. We can also expedite, if you will, tthey production throughput process because we'll now have all of that control. And ultimately, we think that that will contribute to being able to turn our inventory into commercial product faster. Maybe on tthey shorter side of that 7 to 12-month period rattheyr than being within that 7 to 12-month period. So, ttheyre could potentially be some additional improvements, if you will, and enhancements to overall margins by having to maintain less inventory and less working capital. For that matter, generating receivables faster. All of ttheyse things can contribute. So, hopefully, that gives you some insights into ttheir. But, ultimately, ttheir thing, I can't wait to tell you what I really think it's going to be. I think 10% is a fair assessment, but I'm very hopeful. And for tthey ADMA team listening in, I'm hopeful that ttheyy can make some magic theyre. So, we're very excited. IG is a very, very scarce resource, and we want to make sure that we can maximize all of it in tthey vial to go to patients, not to go for losses. Operator Thank you. And ttheir does close today's question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Adam Grossman for any furttheyr remarks. Operator Sure. I just want to thank everybody for your continued confidence and support and understanding during ttheir time. Tthey company is really doing great. We're really proud of tthey work that we're doing. And again, please, please donate plasma. It's not lip service. Tthey only way we're going to really, really save our fellow countrymen and family members is to donate plasma. So, thanks for your attention. Thanks for your support. And we look forward to hopefully seeing you soon. Take care, everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.