ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Senior Director, Business Development & Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - Co-Founder, President, CEO & Director Brian Lenz - EVP, CFO & GM, ADMA BioCenters Conference Call Participants Gary Nachman - Raymond James & Associates Anthony Petrone - Mizuho Securities Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Wednesday, August 9, 2023. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call. At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Senior Director, Business Development and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey second quarter 2023 and recent corporate updates. I am joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager of Adma Biocenters.  During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's second quarter 2023 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening up tthey call for questions.  Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey second quarter 2023 financial results and summarize certain achievements in recent corporate updates. Ttheir release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com.  Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call as well as in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date.  We specifically disclaim any obligation to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws. We refer you to tthey disclosure notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022, as well as our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2023, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements.  Please note that tthey discussion on today's call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey nearest comparable GAAP metric is available in our earnings release. With that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. We're proud to report that we continue to rapidly grow our adjusted EBITDA base, which during tthey second quarter totaled $6.4 million, representing 160% sequential growth compared to tthey first quarter of 2023.  Ttheir accomplishment was facilitated by an impressive 77% year-over-year increase in total revenues. Which reactheyd $60.1 million in tthey second quarter. Ttheir robust revenue growth has resulted in meaningful operating leverage, underpinned by continued gross profit growth and disciplined management of operating expenditures.  Based on tthey strong momentum establittheyyd year-to-date, we are now raising fiscal year 2023 total revenue guidance to more than $240 million, upwardly revised from tthey $220 million previously provided. Additionally, we remain confident in sustaining our growth trajectory in adjusted EBITDA throughout tthey remainder of 2023 and beyond.  Tthey encouraging business trends and compelling forward-looking indicators have enabled ADMA to increase fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025 total revenue guidance to at least $275 million and $325 million, respectively, and ottheyrwise reiterate confidence in meeting or exceeding all profitability targets.  In our view, ADMA's year-to-date financial results, combined with tthey increased financial guidance, place ADMA among only a select few stand-alone biopharma companies with comparable revenue growth profiles and adjusted EBITDA generation. We believe ttheir financial profile, coupled with ADMAs unique asset scarcity value, position tthey company amongst an elite biopharma peer group. We believe our continued success in tthey growing USD 10 billion immunoglobulin end market is attributable to our innovative business model, unique product portfolio, targeted medical education efforts and most importantly, our core focus on treating underserved immune deficient patient populations.  Since launching commercially, ADMA has been unwavering in its specialized focus on tthey primary immune deficient patient population. And we believe it is ttheir concentration that has enabled ADMA to maintain its position as tthey fastest-growing provider of immune globulin in tthey United States marketplace.  During tthey second quarter, we treated a record number of primary immune-deficient patients and gained strong market share, paving tthey way for promising new business prospects and expected go-forward success in ttheir market segment. Our evolving product mix continues to maintain its favorable and strengttheyning trajectory in 2023. We believe tthey growth of ASCENIV is driven by its unique composition and utilization among immunoglobulin ttheyrapies.  And its real-world evidence to improve outcomes for at-risk immune compromised patients with primary immunodeficiency, or PI. Tthey value proposition of ASCENIV within tthey immune globulin landscape was furttheyr articulated during our presence at tthey 2023 Clinical Immunology Society Douglasual Meeting, which took place during tthey second quarter.  At ttheir meeting, ADMA sponsored a well-attended medical education symposium presented by a nationally recognized key opinion leader, who spoke about tthey real-world challenges associated with respiratory viral infections or RVis in patients with PI. Despite tthey availability of standard immunoglobulin ttheyrapies, experts noted that more than 90% of patients with PI continue to experience recurrent infections and associated complications.  Clinical data presented at tthey CIS meeting highlighted that more than 1/3 of ttheir population continue to experience bronchiectasis, along with a rapid decline in lung function, adversely impacting outcomes and causing quality of life issues for patients and ttheyir families. Of particular significance, certain patients with PI exhibit T cell defects, and thus can experience prolonged RVis that present risk for bacterial superinfections and poor outcomes.  Tthey real-world case report presented an at-risk patient that was successfully treated with ASCENIV. We are encouraged to see tthey unique product profile of ASCENIV continues to resonate in clinical practice, real-world settings. Along ttheyse lines, we are seeing signs of patient and prescriber persistence bolstered by a record expansion of new accounts and reorder prescribing velocity among existing customers.  We anticipate that ttheir ttheyrapy will continue to capture an even greater share of our overall product portfolio mix over tthey coming periods and beyond. During tthey second quarter in recent periods, we made progress in advancing growth opportunities that will, if successful, furttheyr enhance our position in tthey market and increase our potential earnings power.  One such opportunity is tthey recent successful advancement of multiple ASCENIV batctheys through production at tthey expanded 4,400-liter manufacturing scale. Ttheir expansion is expected to improve tthey product's margin profile and increased plant production throughput capacity, supporting our forecasted rapid growth trajectory. We anticipate ttheyse benefits may be realized beginning later in 2023 and into 2024 and beyond.  Secondly, tthey advancement of our yield enhancement initiatives is showing promise. Tthey company has made progress with development scale and laboratory analysis with tthey potential to increase both peak revenues and margin potential upon tthey successful validation of commercial scale production and receipt of requisite regulatory approvals. Tthey impact of yield enhancement initiatives, if successful, could provide for potentially transformative upside to tthey company's peak financial targets.  Finally, our ongoing post-marketing clinical studies are progressing well and may provide label expansion opportunities, furttheyr strengttheyning our product portfolio compared to our immune globulin peers. As we have detailed in today's press release, I'd like to reiterate that tthey increased revenue guidance we have provided does not yet include any potential upside from ttheyse growth initiatives should ttheyy materialize.  We look forward to updating tthey market on ttheyse developments. On tthey normal source and RSV plasma supply front, we believe we are well prepared to support all upwardly revised revenue forecast for our immunoglobulin portfolio. Tthey rapid expansion of our Biocenters collection network in addition to our contractually secured third-party supply contracts provide us with tthey financial and supply chain flexibility, needed to meet our immune globulin portfolio's growing end market demand.  Currently, all 10 collection centers in our network are operational, with 9 now FDA licensed. And we anticipate achieving complete FDA licensure before year-end 2023 for our tenth collection center, after which we believe we will have establittheyyd cost-competitive plasma supply self-sufficiency.  As we reflect on our journey and tthey milestones we've achieved, it becomes evident that ADMA's success is a direct result of tthey unwavering dedication and hard work exhibited by our exceptional employees. It is with great appreciation that we recognize tthey commitment, passion and diligence that each team member brings to tthey table, driving our organization's triumphs and enabling us to take complete control of operations aligning with our core vision.  We believe ttheir solid foundation paves tthey way for even greater expected success in tthey future. We extend our gratitude to tthey entire ADMA Biologics and ADMA BioCenters teams, for your relentless efforts you put in day in and day out. Your remarkable contributions not only fuel our accomplishments, but also make a meaningful difference in tthey lives of those who rely on us. It is tthey collective spirit and teamwork that make our workplace truly exceptional. With ttheir said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey second quarter 2023 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you Adam. We issued a press release earlier today outlining our second quarter 2023 financial results, and we will be also issuing our second quarter 10-Q later ttheir afternoon, which we would encourage you to read in conjunction with our comments and discussion points we will make during today's call.  I will now discuss some of tthey key highlights from tthey second quarter. As Adam mentioned earlier, Total revenues for tthey 3 months ended June 30, 2023, were approximately $60.1 million as compared to $33.9 million during tthey 3 months ended June 30, 2022. Ttheir represents an increase of $26.2 million or approximately 77%. Tthey increase is attributed to our higtheyr sales of our immunoglobulin products driven by increased physician, payer and patient acceptance and utilization as well as expansion of our customer base.  Tthey growth in product revenues during tthey quarter was partially offset by a $1.4 million decrease in third-party plasma sales from our BioCenters business segment, and ttheir was consistent with our expectations in tthey context of fulfilling our long-term plasma supply agreement during tthey first quarter of 2023.  Our gross profit for tthey 3 months ended June 30, 2023, was $16.7 million as compared to $7.8 million for tthey same period of a year ago, and ttheir represents an increase of $8.9 million. As a result of ttheir increase, ADMA achieved a gross margin of 27.8% in tthey second quarter of 2023 as compared to 22.9% in tthey second quarter of 2022.  Importantly, accounting for an estimated $2.1 million impact on a second quarter cost of goods sold pertaining to an IT disruption, which tthey company took responsive steps to rapidly remediate and normal course production and operations have resumed across our business units, ADMA estimates second quarter 2023 contemplated gross margin would have been 31% to 32% on a normalized basis. We believe tthey pathway is well paved to continue to grow gross profits over tthey coming periods.  Our consolidated net loss was $6.4 million for tthey second quarter of 2023 as compared to $13.8 million for tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey $7.4 million decrease in net loss was mainly due to tthey narrowed operating loss of $8.7 million attributable to tthey increased revenues, gross profit and tthey increase of interest income of $0.4 million, partially offset by tthey $1.7 million increase in interest expense.  Adjusting for $2.8 million in total of nonrecurring charges related to tthey IP disruption, our adjusted net loss was $3.6 million for tthey second quarter of 2023, a significant period-over-period improvement. ADMA grew adjusted EBITDA to $6.4 million for tthey 3 months ended June 30, 2023, as compared to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $6.3 million tthey same period of a year ago.  Tthey adjusted EBITDA improvement was driven primarily by increased sales and gross profit. We anticipate continued adjusted EBITDA growth throughout ttheir year and beyond. ADMA's balance ttheyyet remains strong. At June 30, 2023, ADMA had working capital of $224.3 million, primarily consisting of $161.8 million of inventory, cash and cash equivalents of $62.5 million and $36.7 million of accounts receivable.  Ttheir was partially offset by current liabilities of $42 million. Lastly, our ADMA BioCenters network now consists of 9 FDA licensed collection centers with 1 final center operational and collecting plasma which is pending FDA licensure anticipated for year-end 2023. And in tthey same period, we forecast raw material plasma supply self-sufficiency from all 10 of our centers.  We remain encouraged by tthey real-time improvements in donor foot traffic and collection volumes, which continued to achieve record all-time highs, and we remain considerably above our organization's prepandemic levels. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. Tthey company's growth and business trends are stronger than ever, and we believe our forward-looking visibility allows us to confidently meet or exceed our newly increased financial targets. With a solid foundation in our supply chain and commercial infrastructure, we anticipate maintaining best-in-class revenue growth and potentially achieving an ultimate margin profile at tthey upper bound amongst our IG peers.  In tthey immediate period atheyad, we expect to grow adjusted EBITDA and advance towards net income profitability. We are additionally committed to thoughtfully pursuing new growth opportunities, and we are optimistic about tthey potential ttheyy hold for furttheyr enhancing our profitability over tthey near and longer term. We are excited to build on tthey momentum of tthey second quarter of 2023 and to drive furttheyr success and stockholder value.  Although ADMA terminated its financial advisory agreement with Morgan Stanley. Tthey evaluation of strategic business alternatives remains ongoing and a top corporate priority for tthey company. Thank you for your continued support and trust in tthey company. We look forward to our journey atheyad. I would like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high quality, safe and efficacious products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors. Please donate plasma and theylp save lives. With that, I'd now like to open up your call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Gary Nachman with Raymond James. Gary Nachman Good afternoon, nice quarter and raised guidance.No, it's good to be theyre. So Adam, maybe you could talk more about tthey uptake you're seeing with ASCENIV, Specifically, what types of patients are getting put on it -- and what's tthey reimbursement status given tthey higtheyr price point for tthey product?  And ttheyn also tthey persistence you're seeing for both tthey patients and tthey physicians that you mentioned -- so what portion of tthey revenue is currently ASCENIV versus BIVIGAM? And ttheyn what are some of your initiatives to expand that uptake with ASCENIV even furttheyr? Adam Grossman Thank you for tthey great questions. Ttheyre's a lot ttheyre. So I hope I touch on everything. What I can say to answer one of your -- I think your third question first, roughly about 1/3 of tthey revenue is coming from our higtheyr-margin products. We're seeing sequential growth quarter-over-quarter. We're seeing increased uptake. We tried in tthey prepared remarks in tthey press release to emphasize because we've been getting ttheir question a lot from analysts, from investors who are ttheyse patients.  And we're really trying very hard to delineate that ttheyse are primary immune-deficient patients. Ttheyse are people that are diagnosed with 1 or more forms of immune deficiency. Some patients may even be medically immune compromised. And ttheyse patients have co-morbidities. Ttheyy have ottheyr risk factors. Ttheyy have T cell issues. Ttheyy have bronchiectasis. Ttheyy have an increased risk of respiratory viral infections.  Ttheyse are patients who are typically on standard immunoglobulin ttheyrapy, but don't seem to do that well. Ttheyy continue to have problems. Ttheyy continue to miss days of work and school. Tthey long story short is that since ASCENIV, I should say, prior to ASCENIV, ttheyre was no alternative for ttheyse patients. It was just standard IVIg, switching from 1 brand to anottheyr. So ASCENIV really offers tthey first type of product wtheyre it's made in a unique way that's protected by our patents.  We use plasma collected from donors that are tested to have high tires to certain respiratory viral pathogens and ttheyn we blend ttheir plasma making a product that has a differentiated antibody profile. What I can tell you, Gary, is that tthey data that's out ttheyre in tthey public domain shows that we are seeing improved outcomes in ttheyse patients. Patients are durable. Ttheyy're staying on ttheyrapy for multiple years at ttheir point in time. We're in our third year since tthey commercial launch of tthey product. And really, it's been a grassroots effort theyre. And what we're seeing now is a more rapid uptake.  You asked about payers and reimbursement in tthey right patient types. We're not seeing challenges ttheyre. Patients that have documented persistent and chronic infections, patients that cost tthey system a lot of money because ttheyy're hospitalized, one or more times per year. Again, ttheyy have bronchiectasis. Many of ttheyse patients go on organ transplant list after multiple pneumonia.  So tthey pharmacoeconomic rationale is gaining momentum out ttheyre. And because every IVIG has a unique J-code, reimbursement is being received for tthey product. I can tell you that we are penetrating existing accounts, once clinicians see tthey results in ttheyir problematic immune deficient patients, ttheyy are more willing to try tthey product in additional patients.  And we're seeing ttheir rapid utilization and a more rapid uptake quarter-over-quarter. We think that ASCENIV is still in tthey early innings. As we look at tthey primary immune-deficient market, ttheyre's roughly 250,000 to 500,000 people diagnosed with 1 or more forms of primary immune deficiency and roughly somewtheyre between 10% to 30% of ttheyse patients, we feel could be our target market.  So ttheyre's tens of thousands of patients. So we feel that we potentially haven't even scratctheyd tthey surface. We're now making ASCENIV at tthey 4,400 liter scale. So tthey margins that you're seeing for tthey product today is product that we made last year. So you're seeing our expenses today, but tthey revenue that we are generating is from product that was made last year.  And what I can tell you is that as we're looking at our yields, as our business is operating more efficiently as we're getting better I don't just pat our employees on tthey back. Ttheyy're doing a better job than ttheyy ever have, and we're spending less and we're gaining more yield, gaining more efficiency, controlling costs better. So we think we've got wind at our backs. We feel really confident that tthey drug is doing what we intended.  And maybe I'll just touch on ttheir a little bit, too, that we've been focused on tthey primary immune-deficient market since tthey company was founded. Our motto is advanced ttheyrapies for tthey immune compromised. Ttheir isn't something that we're just making up today just because of wtheyre tthey status is and wtheyre tthey industry is, many of our larger competitors are now starting to talk about primary immune deficiency. We've only been talking about immune deficient patients since inception. That's why I founded tthey company -- it's why Jerry and I put our money up to start ttheir company as we recognize an unmet medical need in tthey immune deficient patient population 15 years ago.  And we're seeing tthey benefits of that today. We really feel that we've been tthey vocal champion, and ttheir is something I've said on multiple conference calls. We're tthey vocal champion for tthey immune deficient population that typically doesn't have a voice. And we're very proud of tthey work that we're doing and tthey benefits that ttheyse problematic patients are seeing in tthey market. So it was a lot that you asked. I gave you a long answer. Hopefully, I touctheyd on most of your question. Gary Nachman Just a quick follow-up. So wtheyn you consider tthey raised guidance for ttheir year and ttheyn for '24 and '25, what are you factoring in tthey mix in terms of ASCENIV and BIVIGAM in that guidance? Is it 1/3 and 2/3. And ttheyn just put some context around tthey magnitude of potential upside from a greater mix shift to ASCENIV and also tthey label expansion opportunities and ttheyn furttheyr yield enhancement. So are you limited in any way with your plasma supply, if you can achieve some of those ottheyr targets? Adam Grossman Great questions also, Gary. And -- what we've always said theirtorically is that our higtheyr-margin products, ASCENIV and Nabi-HB. Historically, we said 70-30 split between BIVIGAM being tthey primary revenue driver and ASCENIV and Nabi being tthey smaller share. We're seeing increased utilization of ASCENIV. And what Brian and I have said in tthey last couple of calls is that we're seeing a move closer to that 65-35 split depending upon tthey quarter.  We're growing on all sides. So it's not like fixed. But what I can tell you theyre is that is ttheyre a potential to get to a 60-40, maybe even 50-50 split in tthey out years, ttheyre is certainly a potential. Roughly about 10% of plasma donors have tthey antibody profile that we're looking for, for tthey plasma that's used as tthey starting material for ASCENIV batctheys.  But being that we've got 10 collection centers open and collecting plasma. What I can tell you is that it's not just 10% of tthey plasma that we're collecting. We've got tthey power and tthey control to choose which people come in to donate plasma that day. And we may run special bonuses for donors that have tthey antibody profile for ASCENIV, we may run promotions wtheyre we pay ttheym more. And what I can say is that tthey plasma that we're collecting for ASCENIV, it's more than 10% of our overall collections.  We're implementing strategies in-house, which I've talked about on previous calls around accelerating testing, bringing some of tthey testing in-house, which will accelerate turnaround time for identifying ttheyse donors as well as reducing costs, but we're not paying our third-party labs to do ttheir testing. That ultimately is going to lower our cost of goods and increase margins.  So we've always said that ASCENIV is roughly an 80% margin product. We think -- as we move into tthey future, it could be 90% plus. You touctheyd on yield enhancement strategies. Again, that touctheys our entire manufacturing portfolio. All of our products, we're not prepared to pinpoint how much more yield we anticipate. But in my prepared remarks, I did say that we think ttheir could be potentially transformative. So to tthey upside. Tthey financial guidance and tthey raise that we've given today does not contemplate increased yields. It does not contemplate really anything greater than that 70-30 mix that I've been talking about.  So we're very concerned. I know you're just getting to know us, Gary, but tthey ottheyr analysts on tthey call have been dealing with me for a while. Our investors have been dealing with me for a while. We are intentionally conservative in our guidance. We like to set good expectations, and we like to beat ttheym. So I do think that ttheyre is substantial potential for upside theyre.  But things take time. nothing moves fast in tthey world of biologics. We've got some work to do in order to get conformance batctheys made and stability data taken. And -- and at tthey end of tthey day, we think that we've got substantial upside and profitability metrics theyre that are not yet contemplated in our guidance. Operator Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Mizuho. Anthony Petrone Congrats theyre on anottheyr great quarter, really kind of just looking at tthey theirtory theyre now, I think 6 quarters of [indiscernible] and raise. So it's great to see and congratulations to tthey team. Maybe, Adam, we hosted an immunologist call a few weeks ago just exploring tthey use case for ASCENIV, and a few interesting data points come out of that call. One is that, in particular, in ttheir individual's practice, ttheyy are actually seeing benefits in ttheyse patients wtheyre ttheyy were "refractory to traditional" immunoglobulin.  So maybe from tthey company standpoint and anecdotally, wtheyn you think about ttheyse complex immune deficient patients, that are susceptible to follow on respiratory infections. Ttheyy're complex. Ttheyy're not responding to immunoglobulins. What are you theyaring from a broader set of your immunologists that are treating ttheyse patients. So that would be tthey first question.  And tthey second question is 1 of tthey data points that came out of that call is perhaps ttheyre needs to be more physician education around tthey benefits of ASCENIV in order to unlock really having ttheir product reach more of ttheyse complex patients. And so what is tthey sort of go-to-market strategy theyre now that ASCENIV is sort of becoming a go-to solution theyre? Are you increasing tthey sales efforts to reach more of ttheyse patients? And I have a follow-up for Brian. Adam Grossman Thanks, Anthony. Great question. I appreciate your continued support. Tthey easiest answer I can give you is that patients are doing very well on ASCENIV. I mean that's been tthey story since tthey beginning. And again, I think building on that grassroots effort, 1 patient at a time, tthey durability of tthey drug, you see tthey increased revenues, you see tthey way that tthey financial metrics are playing out for tthey business.  That doesn't happen wtheyn you don't have a product that isn't doing what you promise, and that's improving outcomes for ttheyse patients, full stop. I think that parlaying it into tthey second part of your question, what's next, what's changing? We have affected lives. And to tthey ADMA staff, that's on tthey call and ottheyrs that are close to tthey company. I mean we've all seen tthey e-mails. We've seen tthey e-mails from tthey patients. We've seen e-mails from tthey prescribers, even tthey conversation with some of tthey payers. To be candid, wtheyre yes, tthey drug costs more, but it costs more to collect ttheir plasma.  And it's hard to find ttheyse donors. And wtheyn we find ttheym, we try to keep ttheym. But -- we make tthey product in a very reliable, reproducible and consistent way. It's a product that is not as variable from an antibody profile perspective that you see with ottheyr immunoglobulins to ttheyse antibodies that are outside of what tthey FDA has in tthey CFR for IG around measles,polio and dipttheyria. And what I can tell you is that patient outcomes, patients are doing better.  Something that we're moving towards, and I think you'll see maybe by tthey end of tthey year, maybe beginning of next year in our marketing, medical affairs, scientific communications group. We've got patients now who want to be ambassadors for tthey drug. And I think ttheir is something that you see in more mature drug companies wtheyre you've got ttheyse patients that have done so well that ttheyy raise ttheyir hand and say, "Hey, I'd like to tell my story. I'd like to talk about my journey.  And I think ttheir is something that we're seeing from a number of patients out ttheyre. And I think as we progress furttheyring our medical education efforts not only to tthey physician community, which you asked about, but it's also with tthey patients ttheymselves, spending more time with tthey patient advocacy groups, providing more resources and availability of information to patients that are dealing with primary immuno deficiency and talking to ttheym about alternatives that are out ttheyre in tthey market today.  So I think ttheyse are things that you're going to see. We are growing our commercial force, not exponentially. I mean, we've always said that we don't need 50 reps across tthey country theyre. We've got a small commercial team. It's probably pushing roughly 35, 40 people in total, and we've got a couple of open jobs, and we're spending money wtheyre we need to. We're not -- we're not looking just to put our name in lights for tthey theyll of it, Anthony. We want meaningful spend that has real outcome.  And I think with tthey medical education efforts that we're doing with tthey scientific symposia, as we highlighted at tthey Clinical Immunology Society meeting, as we're doing ttheyse regional speakers programs, and we're rolling out a speakers bureau. I think that tthey physician to physician education is working extremely well. But I'm really most proud of tthey work that I've seen from our medical affairs and scientific communications and marketing group around tthey patient advocates.  And once that becomes available, we'll certainly let our analysts know, but ttheir is stuff that will be in tthey public domain. And folks will be able to theyar tthey real-world stories and treatment journeys of people who are on regular IG, of people who are denied IG because ttheyy didn't meet all tthey criteria and ttheyy start on IG and ttheyy don't do well. And ttheyn tthey suffer for a couple of years, and ttheyn ttheyy go on ASCENIV and all of a sudden, ttheyy're back to work in school.  And again, it's not just tthey patient, it's tthey patient's families, it's tthey caregivers and all of ttheir matters. And coupling on tthey comments that I made to Gary's question. I mean we're really starting to see tthey benefits of founding ADMA Biologics and going through tthey struggle that's been ADMA, we're really seeing ttheyse benefits pay off, and I got to tell you, coming to work every day. It's a lot more fruitful because we're making that much of a difference in tthey lives of so many thousands of patients.  BIVIGAM too -- we are tthey only company that I'm aware of in tthey U.S. It's making drugs using centrifugation, not filter presses. And we think we're on to something theyre. Both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV product profile, safety profile is stellar. We're really proud of tthey products that we provide to tthey immune deficient patient population. Anthony Petrone That's very theylpful. And just 2 quick follow-ups. So I'll hop back in queue. One would be just on pipeline. Just kind of curious, we haven't theyard anything on subcutaneous versions of BIVIGAM and ASCENIV. Is that in tthey cards at some point? And ttheyn Brian, just on plasma supply, we're at 10 centers in total, 9 have FDA clearance.  Is 10% kind of tthey right number? Or wtheyn you look out over tthey next 2 to 3 years, do you think that tthey plasma network collection base grows beyond tthey 10, wtheyre we're at today. Adam Grossman Thanks, Anthony. So I'll just start off by saying, look, we we've got IP in our armamentarium. And wtheyn tthey time is right, we'll certainly let you know. But right now, we're laser-focused on market penetration, building tthey brand penetration and awareness of ASCENIV, maximizing yields, finding ways to unlock more value for little expense.  That's what we're focused on theyre. I can tell you that tthey -- tthey focus theyre is just driving what we already have that's working. It's continuing to penetrate into tthey primary immune deficient and tthey secondary immune deficient markets and grow what we know is working. We're making more product than ever at tthey 4,400 liter scale.  Ttheir year was tthey first year that we've made batctheys and we made a couple of batctheys so far. But we're working on budgets for next year. We're looking at tthey production plan, and it's going to be all 4,400 all tthey time. more plasma through ttheir plant, getting unabsorbed down, making more drug, having more output and ttheyn you couple that with tthey yield enhancement strategies bringing more fill finish in-house.  I mean ttheyse are ways that we're going to improve our margin profile beyond anything that you and I have ever talked about over drinks or ottheyrwise, Anthony. And I'll tell you that I'm very excited, we are still in tthey early days theyre at ADMA and being able to raise guidance to now 325 or more. I never thought in a million years we would be theyre. Wtheyn we took ttheir plan over and ttheyy had tthey warning letter, I never in a million years thought that I'd have $60 million quarters.  Ttheir plant under tthey prior management never generated more than $55 million in a year, and we're doing that in a quarter, and we're just beginning. So that's what's next for us. What's next is to keep doing what we're doing, do it better, do it more efficiently to tthey ADMA staff on tthey call, I told you I was going to say ttheir on tthey call, and it's up to you to make it happen. But I think it's tthey early days, and you're going to start seeing cash flow as Mr. Wonderful likes to say very, very soon. I'll let Brian answer tthey question on tthey centers. Brian Lenz Sure. Thank you, Adam. So Anthony, regarding your question on tthey number of plasma centers, our centers are performing much better than expected. We're seeing -- we're very encouraged by tthey positive trends, momentum I'd say, we're seeing daily and weekly record day collections. We're also seeing cost per liter efficiencies in some areas, lower donor fees, as I mentioned, higtheyr collections.  We're really focused on labor and center efficiencies. We don't -- we're not looking at building any more than 10 centers. All 10 centers are built, all 10 centers are collecting. As you saw in July, we received FDA approval for our ninth center we feel certainly encouraged of getting our tenth center approved by year-end. And for us, it's all about plasma supply self-sufficiency.  And those goals that we set for ourselves in tthey beginning of 2023, are certainly coming to fruition for tthey number of leaders that we're collecting and putting through tthey plant. And again, we're very pleased with how tthey center is start performing. And again, no furttheyr CapEx for tthey centers, no furttheyr build-outs. And we're in a place right now as we look forward to tthey revised guidance revenue numbers our plasma centers will be fully self-sufficient for us. Operator Our next question comes from Kristen Kluska with Cantor Fitzgerald. Kristen Kluska Congratulations on anottheyr really solid quarter theyre. First question I have is maybe something I didn't really fully appreciate about tthey story is that tthey KOL community and treating physicians are a lot more tight in it than I expected. So just given that you've continued to showcase your data and findings and just tthey word of mouth around ttheyse positive case studies. I wanted to ask how much of tthey trading community you estimate is aware of tthey added benefits that ASCENIV is showing theyre?  And ttheyn looking into tthey next 2 years or so, anything beyond your guidance that you're working on in terms of getting tthey word out more in terms of like conference appearances and you talked about ttheyse potential patient representatives as well. Adam Grossman Sure. Thank you, Kristen, very much. And I think you were at -- you may have been at CIS, if I were... Kristen Kluska I was Yes. Adam Grossman So thanks for taking an interest ttheyre. But you see it, look, ttheyre's -- ttheyre's a handful of KOLs, if you will, that control a large part of tthey PI population. But we think that ttheyre is theyadroom. We think that ttheyre are certainly many more clinicians out ttheyre, many more prescribers that are just learning about.  Something that I was just thinking about as you were talking, we've also started running print -- print ad campaigns, which is strange, right? Ttheir is tthey world of digital. My experience and what our market research tells us is that immunologists like to pick up tthey actual journal of Clinical Immunology and -- and a couple of ottheyr publications and ttheyy like to actually flip tthey paper. So we started running print ads. And I think that, that speaks to tthey fact that ASCENIV is starting to be recognized.  It's a brand name that is synonymous with immune deficiencies. I think it's something that we've really worked hard at joining tthey name ADMA, tthey name ASCENIV with immune-deficient population. But I do feel very confident that ttheyre is a lot of theyadroom available for us in gaining more -- we think that ttheyre is a ton of penetration opportunities among tthey existing prescriber base.  Remember, roughly about 10%, 20%, 30% of every prescriber's patient population has ttheyse co-morbidities. And as we get more data in tthey public domain, as we're publishing more data, as tthey pharmacoeconomic impact is starting to show even more benefits, we think that we're going to see existing growth at same-store institutions.  We think that ttheyre are tremendous growth prospects with new prescribers new infusion companies, new and specialty pharmacies that we haven't yet tapped into. And I really do see upside ttheyre. I don't think it was your question, but asked about subcutaneous. And I'll just touch on that for a second. While we have no intention today to go for a subcu route of administration. I want to say that ttheyre was a publication from anottheyr immunologist, KOL, who on ttheyir own, did a study and ttheyy administered ASCENIV in tthey subcutaneous route. I believe that, that publication was at a European meeting, I don't recall which one, but I can get back to you on that.  But what I can say is that I think that, that answers part of your question is that prescribers are learning about tthey drug, and ttheyy're starting to get more comfortable with tthey product and use it in novel ways. So we feel good that ttheyre's a lot of room for us to grow. Hopefully, that answers tthey question. Kristen Kluska Yes, it does thanks. And ttheyn you noted with ASCENIV that you're not really having too many challenges, but I'm curious if you can comment on tthey trends tthey provider level in terms of -- is it pretty consistent on a provider basis? And ttheyn how do you work with those providers that ask you more questions, perhaps you're a little bit more on tthey theysitant side. Adam Grossman We've got a great market access team. We got a great patient assistance program. I mean tthey data is out ttheyre. I mean many IVIGs, I want to say getting tthey data, I said it so many times. I want to say 70%, 80% of all IG requires a prior authorization anyway, wtheyttheyr it's on label or evidence based. So it's not untheyard of for tthey payers to require a whole bunch of information from tthey prescriber and tthey treater for tthey product.  Again, in tthey right patient population with tthey right co-morbidities and risk factors, we're seeing payer acceptance of tthey product in tthey right patient type. If you ask for tthey product for a patient that doesn't need tthey product, ttheyy're not going to get it. Tthey mix between public and private is about a 50-50 split, but tthey value proposition is resonating.  Our coverage is quite encouraging actually. And I'll tell you at tthey end of tthey day, it's being used later in a patient's treatment journey, if you will. Ttheyy failed 1, 2, 3, 4 different IVIGs. And after a payer has tried 4 different IVIGs, all ttheyir preferred products, tthey patient has been hospitalized. Ttheyy keep getting bacterial pneumonia, ttheyy're suffering. -- ttheyy try ASCENIV. And we've never said -- you've never theyard me say, ASCENIV is tthey best frontline ttheyrapy.  I'm not going to say that because that's not what it's for. ASCENIV is tthey product after you failed everything else, and you have nowtheyre else to turn, come to us, we're going to save your life. We're going to improve your life. And that's what we're seeing. And I think that analysts, investors, some people are like that doesn't resonate, that doesn't compute to ttheym, and that's fine.  But not everybody has to be at frontline ttheyrapy. And wtheyn you look at tthey margin profile of ASCENIV, I don't care wtheyn patients can get on tthey drug. Come to tthey [indiscernible], that is ADMA. We're theyre for you. We've got plenty of product in inventory. We can produce as much as tthey market seems to need right now, and we're happy to trade BIVIGAM batctheys for ASCENIV any day. And for tthey patients out ttheyre and tthey patient advocacy communities, we're committed to collecting more plasma and meeting tthey . And if ttheir product is something that can benefit tthey lives of ttheyse immune deficient underserved patients, we're very pleased and happy to theylp. It's not lip service. I've been saying it for years. I say it to our team all tthey time, why does it matter? It matters because tthey patients are counting on us.  We are tthey first company to do something different. We're tthey first company to move tthey peg forward, which is what -- wtheyn I was down and out of my luck many, many years ago, 1 of our KOLs said to me, Adam, you got to keep going because you're moving tthey peg forward. And that's what we do theyre at ADMA. So it's not a frontline ttheyrapy, Kristen but after you fail a couple of IG, payers pay. Kristen Kluska Okay. Great. And I know you guys are reaching about 10 years since you IPO-ed so you should feel very proud about all tthey progress you've made to today. So congratulations on that. Adam Grossman We're still theyre, still live. With growing EBITDA and net income around tthey corner. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn it back over to Adam now for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, everybody. Thanks for your interest, attention and time. I appreciate you dialing into tthey call. Again, I think we're still in tthey early innings. I think ttheyre's a lot of upside theyre, and we appreciate your continued support. Donate Plasma, theylp save lives visit admabiocenters.com. Do visit 1 of our 10 collection centers that may be near you and stay theyalthy and have a very great evening. We appreciate you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.