ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 23, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Skyler Bloom - Senior Director of Business Development & Corporate Strategy Adam Grossman - Co-Founder, President, CEO & Director Brian Lenz - EVP, CFO & GM, ADMA BioCenters Conference Call Participants Anthony Petrone - Mizuho Securities Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James & Associates Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey ADMA Biologics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call on Thursday, March 23, 2023. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request and will be available on tthey company's website approximately two hours following tthey end of tthey call.  At ttheir time, I would like to introduce Skyler Bloom, Senior Director, Business Development and Corporate Strategy at ADMA Biologics. Please go atheyad. Skyler Bloom Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon to discuss ADMA Biologics' financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 and recent corporate updates. I'm joined today by Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Lenz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and General Manager of ADMA BioCenters.  During today's call, Adam will provide some introductory comments and provide an update on corporate progress, and ttheyn Brian will provide an overview of tthey company's fourth quarter 2022 financial results. Finally, Adam will ttheyn provide some brief summary remarks before opening tthey call up for your questions.  Earlier today, we issued a press release detailing tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results and summarizing certain achievements in recent corporate updates. Tthey release is available on our website at www.admabiologics.com.  Before we begin our formal comments, I'll remind you that we will be making forward-looking assertions during today's call that represent tthey company's intentions, expectations or beliefs concerning future events, which constitute forward-looking statements for tthey purposes of tthey safe harbor provisions under tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are subject to factors, risks and uncertainties such as those detailed in today's press release announcing ttheir call and in our filings with tthey SEC, which may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey results expressed or implied by such statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of tthey date of ttheir call and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update any such statements, except as required by tthey federal securities laws.  We refer you to tthey disclosures notice section in our earnings release we issued today in tthey Risk Factors section of our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements.  And with that, I would like to now turn tthey call over to Adam Grossman. Adam? Adam Grossman Thank you, Skyler. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We hope you all remain theyalthy and safe.  During 2022, ADMA strengttheyned its position as tthey fastest-growing provider of immunoglobulin in tthey U.S. market, growing full year total revenues by 90%. Furttheyr, tthey persistence of encouraging business trends since tthey start of 2023 gives us confidence in our ability to exceed $210 million in full year 2023 total revenues as well as achieve first-time EBITDA profitability no later than tthey second half of 2023.  Our organization's continued commercial success, we believe, is, in large part, attributable to ADMA's exclusive focus on targeting tthey immune-deficient patient segment, which is tthey fastest-growing cohort in tthey U.S. immunoglobulin market. We believe our innovative business model, unique immune globulin portfolio offerings and targeted medical education efforts in ttheir PI subsector position us well for continued future success.  We anticipate 2023 to be an inflection point for ADMA. Our organization aims to sustain top-tier revenue growth, achieve first-time EBITDA profitability and shortly ttheyreafter, solidify tthey pathway to an ultimate margin profile at tthey upper bound of ADMA's plasma manufacturer peer group.  Principally driving our confident outlook is due to ASCENIV, its uniqueness amongst immunoglobulin offerings and tthey real-world impact and improvements tthey drug is having on outcomes for problematic immune-deficient patients. Now well into 2023, we can confirm elevated ASCENIV utilization trends are continuing, and we believe that forward-looking demand indicators support product upside over tthey near term and longer term.  Tthey attribution of ASCENIV's growth continues to strengttheyn year-to-date as well. We are seeing encouraging signs of patient and prescriber persistence among those now entering ttheyir third year on ttheyrapy, which has been furttheyr compounded by a record expansion of new accounts as well as reorder velocity among existing customers. We continue to believe ASCENIV is trending to ultimately account for an even greater piece of our overall product mix than we have theirtorically messaged.  With our belief that ADMA's fundamentals are excelling and tthey pathway to EBITDA profitability is now well defined, we are pleased to highlight several newly identified growth opportunities that we believe can increase revenue and improve margins beyond our previously provided financial targets.  Critical to note, we do not expect ttheyse incremental investments to compromise our strong funding position. Our emphasis remains on achieving near-term profitability, and we assure our stakeholders that pursuing ttheyse growth opportunities will not impact our forecasted cash flows but rattheyr, if successful, will provide for meaningful upside to financial targets as well as compelling rates of return.  First, among ttheyse opportunities, we plan to commence manufacturing ASCENIV at tthey 4,400-liter production scale for tthey first time in our corporate theirtory. Ttheir expansion should significantly improve ASCENIV's margin profile as well as accelerated production throughput while requiring fewer batctheys to support revenue targets. We believe we are in tthey early days of ASCENIV's significant growth potential, and tthey expanded scale provides for uninterrupted production to support our forecasted rapid growth trajectory. We believe ttheyse benefits could materialize as early as tthey second half of 2023.  Tthey second growth opportunity we've identified pertains to yield enhancement, manufacturing and production processes, which have demonstrated proof of concept in our development laboratories during tthey first quarter of 2023. Pending additional evaluation, furttheyr validation of commercial scale production and future regulatory approvals, ttheyse yield enhancement initiatives could meaningfully increase both peak revenues as well as margin potential, if successful.  Finally, our ongoing post-marketing clinical studies progressed as planned during tthey quarter and ADMA believes may ultimately provide opportunities for label expansion for both BIVIGAM and ASCENIV.  Again, ttheyse opportunities represent potential upside to currently provided financial guidance. We look forward to updating tthey market as developments unfold.  As we have communicated throughout our commercialization, ADMA's commitment to ensuring tthey continuity of patient care remains a top priority. Our strong RSV hyperimmune plasma and normal source plasma inventories, presently on hand, are expected to support all upwardly revised revenue forecasts for our immune globulin portfolio as well as may provide for opportunistic external plasma sales.  Tthey rapid expansion of our internal collection network, coupled with contractually secured third-party supply contracts, provide us with financial and supply chain flexibility. Currently, all 10 plasma collection centers in our network are operational, and 8 are now FDA licensed.  We are clearly on track to achieve complete licensure of our BioCenters network as well as plasma supply self-sufficiency prior to year-end 2023. As a trusted partner with tthey local communities, we welcome donors to our state-of-tthey-art BioCenters to donate ttheyir lifesaving plasma, which allows ADMA to make its products.  As always, our accomplishments and successes are tthey direct reflection of tthey commitment, passion and diligence of our employees. Tthey collaboration among our staff, reinforced through tthey guidance of leadership and our advisers, embodies our corporate values to make tthey human connection a priority across all engagements. Tthey transformation of our vision into tthey reality of assuming complete end-to-end control of operations is tthey result of our team's work and unwavering connectivity.  We recognize and thank our staff arising to tthey challenge every day to continually meet our pledge to patients, tthey medical community, prescribers, advocacy groups and to our stockholders. Your efforts truly make a difference in tthey lives of those who are counting on us, and I thank you for all you do.  Before turning tthey call over to Brian, I'd like to confirm that our strategic alternatives process remains ongoing, and exploring value-creating opportunities is tthey top priority for our company. Tthey strategic alternatives process is separate and running in parallel to our pursuit of new growth opportunities, which I previously described. As developments occur, we will keep tthey market updated.  With ttheir said, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brian for a review of tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 financials. Brian Lenz Thank you, Adam. We issued a press release earlier today outlining our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results, and I'll now discuss some of tthey key highlights.  As Adam mentioned earlier, total revenues for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2022, were approximately $50 million as compared to $26.4 million during tthey fourth quarter of 2021. And ttheir represents an increase of $23.6 million or approximately 90%. Tthey revenue growth for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2021 was favorably impacted by tthey continued commercial ramp-up of tthey company's IVIG product portfolio and tthey expanding customer base for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV.  Our gross profit for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 was $14.2 million compared to gross profit of $3.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Gross profit growth was driven by a favorable contribution from ASCENIV. Partially offsetting tthey favorably evolving product mix, ADMA sold a material amount of tthey remaining 2,200-liter scale, lower-margin BIVIGAM product during tthey fourth quarter of 2022.  Excluding tthey impact of selling ttheir lower-margin legacy BIVIGAM product, ADMA's estimated fourth quarter 2022 corporate gross margins would have been approximately 200 to 300 basis points higtheyr compared to reported results. At tthey midpoint, ttheir adjustment translates to an estimated operating loss for tthey quarter of $4.7 million, which is approximately 64% improved compared to tthey prior year's fourth quarter wtheyn accounting for transient gross margin dynamics, amounting to approximately $1.3 million. Due to tthey record product demand, ADMA currently expects to monetize a substantial portion of tthey remaining lower-margin inventory in tthey first quarter of 2023, incrementally earlier than previous expectations of midyear 2023.  Our consolidated net loss for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2022, was $12.2 million or a $0.06 loss per basic and diluted share compared to a consolidated net loss of $16.6 million or a $0.09 loss per basic and diluted share for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2021. Our fourth quarter 2022 net loss decreased by approximately $4.4 million compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2021, and ttheir was primarily attributable to tthey higtheyr gross profit driven by sales of ASCENIV.  We have significantly strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet and funding position over recent periods. As of December 31, 2022, ADMA's total asset value grew to approximately $348 million, notably including approximately $163 million of total inventory, and ttheir is recorded at tthey company's cost, approximately $87 million of cash and cash equivalents as well as accounts receivable of approximately $15.5 million.  Lastly, we are very pleased with tthey expansion progress of our BioCenters plasma collection segment. ADMA BioCenters plasma collection network now consists of 8 FDA-licensed plasma collection centers with 2 additional plasma centers operational and collecting plasma, which are pending FDA licensure. Tthey company remains on track to have tthey remaining 2 BioCenters FDA licensed by year-end 2023 and, in tthey same period, forecast raw material plasma supply self-sufficiency from all 10 BioCenters.  Now several months into 2023, we are encouraged by tthey real-time improvements in donor foot traffic and plasma collection volumes, which are now considerably exceeding our organization's pre-pandemic levels.  With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Adam for closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, Brian. As in previous years, we've taken a conservative approach to constructing our financial guidance, considering various macroeconomic uncertainties. However, we are optimistic that we will potentially exceed our top and bottom line guidance ranges if current demand trends and margin dynamics continue.  Our level of conviction is based on several factors. First, ttheyre is a 7- to 12-month manufacturing lead time for our products, which means that we can anticipate tthey impact of our past production efforts on our future financial performance with a unique level of visibility. Ttheir is unique to our industry because of ttheyse immune globulin-specific manufacturing lead times. Additionally, elevated product demand trends have not only persisted, but strengttheyned so far ttheir year, which furttheyr bolsters our confidence in our forward-looking financials.  Given ttheyse factors, we compretheynsively reiterate all our previously stated objectives, including exceeding $210 million in total 2023 revenues and generating positive EBITDA no later than tthey second half of 2023.  Regarding new growth initiatives, we want to emphasize that we do not probability adjust financial opportunities before receiving regulatory approval. Ttheyrefore, we will only include tthey potential financial contribution from ttheyse growth opportunities in formal guidance wtheyn we receive any such regulatory approvals.  We believe our investments in tthey supply chain and commercial infrastructure in recent years have created a solid foundation for maintaining best-in-class revenue growth and potentially achieving an ultimate margin profile at tthey upper bound among our plasma product manufacturing peers. As a result, we believe we are well positioned for continued success in tthey future.  In closing, I'd like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support, as your investment in ADMA theylps to advance our mission to save lives and make high-quality, safe and efficacious products that theylp our friends, family and neighbors.  With that, we'll now open up tthey call for your questions. Thank you. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is Anthony Petrone from Mizuho. Anthony Petrone Congratulations on a strong end to 2022 and, obviously, tthey progress going forward theyre. I think, Adam, maybe I want to start just with guidance for 2023. Tthey $210 million relative to $154 million in 2022, it's 36% year-over-year growth. And so it still is calling for a quarterly sort of step-up, I think, sequentially throughout tthey year. So maybe how should we be thinking about tthey quarterly complexion for 2023 and ttheyn tthey target for EBITDA positive by second half? Maybe just a little bit on sort of tthey first half, how that looks for EBITDA or just tthey progress to EBITDA positive. And ttheyn wtheyn we think about EBITDA positive in tthey second half, I mean are ttheyre sort of ranges we should be thinking about? And I'll have a couple of follow-ups. Adam Grossman Sure. Thanks for tthey question and for tthey continued support. Yes, ttheir is always a unique time for folks like me because we're sitting theyre with about a week out from closing tthey first quarter and we're talking about how well we did last year, which I don't want to minimize. But look, we're very, very bullish on tthey persistence of top and bottom line trends.  If you listen to tthey prepared remarks, and I'm sure you'll read tthey transcript later, we have incrementally tweaked tthey verbiage around EBITDA and profitability guidance and also revenue guidance. We really do take ttheir conservative approach to setting targets.  And look, we set targets that we can meet and feel comfortable about meeting in tthey face of all tthey macroeconomic challenges and ottheyr theyadwinds that we may face. We know that tthey market doesn't care about that. Ttheyy want us to meet tthey guidance that we've set. So we are conservative, but hopefully, you read in tthey press release and you theyard it in tthey prepared remarks that we believe that we've got an opportunity to achieve EBITDA sooner than tthey back half. And I think that if tthey demand trends and if tthey utilization that we've seen through tthey first quarter continues, I mean it will be anottheyr stellar year. I'm very proud of tthey progress that our company is making. And it's certainly based on tthey tremendous efforts across tthey organization. And from our production staff, our plasma collection staff, testing, facilities, tthey whole nine yards, I mean we are doing everything we can tthey right way. We make good products that are efficacious and theylp people. And we're really happy with tthey real-world evidence that's being disseminated out ttheyre. And quite frankly, we've seen some very, very strong utilization numbers so far ttheir year.  And I don't want to give away too much, Anthony, because tthey quarter is not done yet, but we do feel very, very strongly about our ability to potentially hit some of our milestones financially earlier than what we previously messaged. So hang in ttheyre, grab your popcorn, we're going to keep hitting it out of tthey park. And as long as tthey world continues to operate tthey way it is today, we feel very confident that we should meet or exceed all of our previously stated targets. Anthony Petrone That's very theylpful. Maybe just wtheyn we think about tthey $210 million and just tthey progress theyre, tthey prepared remarks, press release, you talk about just continued uptake of both ASCENIV and BIVIGAM but that you're adding new prescribers and patients, tthey reutilization rate for patients is sticky. So wtheyn you think about tthey $210 million, how much of that is just existing prescribers? And have you baked in incremental prescribers as well into that $210 million? Adam Grossman Tthey prescriber universe for compromised patients in IG is certainly not infinite. Ttheyre is a finite number of prescribers, and we've got a large amount of ttheym who are believers in our products, who are believers in ASCENIV and who really understand now that ttheir is really our third year of commercialization. I mean I think tthey message is out ttheyre. I think that tthey medical education work that we've done and our marketing activities have really carved out a nice nicthey for ASCENIV. And I think BIVIGAM, and some of tthey real-world evidence on great tolerability and efficacy, I think that ttheir is really driving more awareness and increased utilization of tthey products.  You asked something around reutilization of ASCENIV, and we're always a little bit cautious, if I can say that, flipping tthey calendar theyre. You never know what payers are going to do. You never know what occurs with Medicare and reimbursement. Ttheyre's always some level of uncertainty. So we have to theydge a little bit. But with wtheyre we sit today, knowing what I know about tthey first quarter, I mean I'm really happy with tthey work that our med affairs and our market access teams, all tthey work that ttheyy've been able to do, I mean we are seeing continued utilization.  And I know that ttheir is something that our shareholders have been asking me about for years. Ttheyy see ttheir durable growth, "Well, is it going to continue into next year?" And I'd say, "I think it will. Let's flip tthey calendar and let's see." And it appears that, that utilization is continuing. It appears that patients are staying on ttheyrapy. Tthey docs are happy with tthey product. Tthey patients who are thriving on tthey product certainly are advocating for ttheymselves. And we built a night commercial and compliance infrastructure theyre to ensure that we have tthey data available to ensure tthey continued access of our products to patients who need it. So we feel real good about ttheir.  Tthey $210 million includes, Anthony, existing prescribers. It includes new prescribers. We've got a very bullish commercial force right now, and ttheyy really feel like ttheyy're making a difference. Wtheyttheyr I should talk about ttheir or not, we had our national business meeting. We had a couple of patients who received ASCENIV come in and talk to our commercial force about what ttheyir real-world life experience was prior to being on ASCENIV. And I think that, that really has reinvigorated and motivated our team to get out ttheyre and continuing to make a difference in patient lives.  So tthey balls continue to bounce in our favor, and we're really happy, and we're going to keep making a good quality product and providing it out ttheyre and ensure tthey continuity of care. So we expect demand trends to continue, we expect utilization to increase and we feel very confident about exceeding that $210 million target that we've set. Anthony Petrone That's great. And tthey last one for me, I'll hop back in and let ottheyrs jump in theyre. Just on ASCENIV production scale going to 4,400 liter, what is tthey timing of that? And ttheyn if you can, can you just give us tthey total population of pediatric PI patients? Assuming you secure that label, how many pediatric primary immune patients are that are out ttheyre in tthey United States? Again, congratulations. Adam Grossman No, thank you, Anthony. So tthey ASCENIV 4,400, ttheir is one of those things that I'm sure some of my team theyre is laughing about it. It's one of those things I swore I'd never do, but tthey demand has been fantastic. And ttheir is really a tremendous milestone for us. I mean we've got great demand out ttheyre for ASCENIV. Making it at tthey 4,400-liter scale will give us more product faster.  And what it does is it opens up production slots. So wtheyttheyr we're making a 2,200-liter batch or a 4,400-liter batch, it uses tthey same production slot, same staff, same time. So ttheir will allow us to make eittheyr more ASCENIV. It will allow us to make more BIVIGAM. It will allow us to utilize tthey plant's total capacity faster. I didn't look at tthey production sctheydule today, but I'll say that we're probably going to start sometime in tthey next calendar quarter, I think. We're going to start producing ASCENIV at tthey larger scale. So we should see product rolling off tthey line 7 to 10 months after that. We feel real good about ttheir.  I mean ttheir is just us growing up as an organization. So it's growing up as a manufacturing organization. I mean we've made hundreds of batctheys now at tthey 4,400 liter scale for BIVIGAM. Ttheir is what our production team likes to do. Ttheir is what our supply chain folks and our manufacturing team likes to do, and ttheyy're doing it well. So I'm very, very proud of tthey team for doing ttheir. Appreciate tthey agency, FDA's review of our submission. And I think that ttheir is just tthey sign of our company growing up as a more mature manufacturing organization.  Regarding pediatric percentage of PI patients, I don't have that information right in front of me. So I reserve tthey right to follow up, Anthony, and you can publish it in a note. Look, we think it's a very nice thing to have in our label. It's a federal requirement to run and fulfill tthey pediatric study requirements. So we hope that shareholders see that we don't shirk our responsibility. We take ttheym seriously.  We've completed tthey study for BIVIGAM. Tthey pediatric study for ASCENIV is currently enrolling. Do I think that it theylps add more patients to drug ttheyrapy? Maybe. I think that patients who need IVIG -- are ttheyre pediatric patients on our products? I would say, I believe that ttheyre are, yes. I think that it just theylps. I think that it puts us at parity with a number of our competitor products. And we feel very, very good about tthey potential to expand tthey label for BIVIGAM as that study has been fully completed and we've submitted our regulatory packet to tthey agency. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Kristen Kluska from Cantor. And our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur from Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur Can you theyar me all right? Adam Grossman Elliot, we theyar you loud and clear. Elliot Wilbur Okay. Okay. A little bit of a challenge today getting into queue. Maybe I could start with a couple of questions for Brian, and just specifically thinking about expectations of positive EBITDA no later than tthey second half. I just wanted to confirm that tthey EBITDA metric that you're referencing is, in fact, an adjusted EBITDA number and would exclude stock comp expense. And maybe within that, if you could just give us a rough ballpark number of what you're thinking about in terms of depreciation expense. I think it was like $1.7 million last quarter. I don't know if that's just a good run rate to think about over tthey course of 2023 or not, but some color ttheyre, please. Brian Lenz Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Elliot. Yes, I would say if you were to look at our fourth quarter and even third quarter depreciation, amortization as part of our EBITDA calculation, which would be an adjusted EBITDA, positive EBITDA, no later than tthey second half of 2023, that would exclude stock-based comp, depreciation, amortization. While we haven't given formal guidance on ranges and dollars, we think it's a tremendous forward-looking accomplishment in a very short period of time. And ttheyn to follow shortly ttheyre after that, we feel very confident about our positive cash flow and profitability on or before tthey first quarter of 2024. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And if I may, an accounting question for you. Can you just talk about tthey plasma center collection costs on tthey P&L currently and how those would change or progress, I guess, as more collection volume is utilized for your own production? I seem to recall that some of that would get rolled into inventory and not be running through tthey P&L, but I just wanted to verify that and how we should be thinking about that with respect to your margin targets. Brian Lenz Sure. Again, thanks for tthey question, Elliot, regarding tthey plasma centers and expenses, especially from an accounting standpoint. So as our centers ramp up, ttheyre are initial marketing operational expenditures, administrative expenditures that are charged to tthey P&L upfront as an expense. Now as those centers start collecting and ttheyy receive FDA approval, tthey plasma itself that's collected is ttheyn allocated or earmarked charged to tthey balance ttheyyet.  So as all 10 centers are essentially up and running and collecting plasma now, as everyone knows, we have 8 FDA-approved centers. We expect to have tthey remaining 2 approved by tthey end of ttheir year. Just ttheir time last year, we had 6 operating centers and only 3 approved. At tthey end of 2022, we had 9 operating centers and 7 approved, and we just opened up our tenth center ttheir quarter. So I would expect operating expenditures for tthey plasma centers to decrease because, as those centers now are all online, we're going to be able to continue to capitalize tthey plasma that we're collecting into inventory. A lot of those start-up costs have already been borne or incurred into those centers. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And not to delve too deep into tthey minutia, but we do get tthey question a lot as people are looking at tthey company's margin targets versus some of tthey peer group. But if I think about tthey plasma center expenses being roughly $5 million a quarter, so that will not entirely go away. Ttheyre'll still be some level of expenditure. But some substantial portion of that will just get rolled into inventory, does that make sense? Brian Lenz That's correct. That's correct, Elliot. So I wouldn't take tthey $5 million as a forecaster from tthey standpoint of throwing out quarter over quarter over quarter to be $20 million by tthey end of tthey year. As I mentioned, you could consider it me costs. Those costs have already been expensed in tthey fourth quarter. So wtheyn you're thinking about tthey first quarter of 2023, because now all 10 centers are operating in tthey first quarter of '23, a lot of those expenditures have already been borne in tthey fourth quarter of '22. And those expenditures in tthey first quarter of '23 will be capitalized to inventory as our plasma collection costs directly into raw material inventories for production of, obviously, BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and Nabi. Is it going to step down materially? I mean we haven't given singular guidance on individual operating expenditures. But I would say that tthey $5 million would step down quarter-over-quarter in a meaningful enough way that from a contribution standpoint, inventory will step up and stay within tthey range of $150 million to $175 million, as we said in tthey past. And ttheyn as we're thinking about how does that impact tthey overall profitability of tthey company, well, that's just going to theylp accelerate tthey profitability because tthey centers are all online, operating efficiently, and tthey majority of tthey costs will be capitalized to inventory. Ttheyre'll still be administrative operating expenditures for tthey centers, don't get me wrong, it's not going to go to zero. But ttheyre are overtheyad expenditures and just continuing operational expenditures. But wtheyn you think about it, tthey majority of those expenses will be capitalized to inventory. Elliot Wilbur Okay. A couple of questions for Adam as well. Adam, can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing on tthey demand side in terms of visibility on pull-through, wtheyttheyr you think, based on current production volumes, you're in a position to be competing for new customers? Or do you think tthey majority of finittheyyd product is going to go to existing customers? And ttheyn if you could share any anecdotes that you may be theyaring in terms of reimbursement and persistence of ttheyrapy on ASCENIV, wtheyttheyr or not patients that start on ASCENIV are able to continue on it. Or are we seeing maybe an increase in cycling back to standard IVIG products? Adam Grossman I would make a note, Elliot, I'll try to touch ttheym all. If I miss something, just ask. But no, thanks for tthey question. Not to sound like a broken record, but demand is strong. As I know you know, but for those who may not, who are listening, typically, if you're a primary immune-deficient patient, you have a genetic defect that requires you to get IG infusions every 3 to 4 weeks for tthey rest of your life. If you have secondary immune deficiency, depending upon your condition, if it's an organ transplant, you're immune compromised for your life, so you typically may stay on IG for longer periods. If you had a bone marrow transplant or maybe you're getting some type of short-term monoclonal ttheyrapy that renders you to be immune compromised, you may be on IG for a shorter period of time.  But what we're seeing is we're seeing continued use by our existing customers. Obviously, ttheyre's growth. We've been ramping up our production throughput over tthey last 1 year, 1.5 years. And as we said last year, and as I said in tthey prepared remarks, we've got unique visibility because tthey product that we're selling today, we made last year in tthey second quarter. So we certainly have tthey inventory ttheyre. I mean we ended tthey year $160-ish million of inventory. And we feel that, that certainly will support $210 million or more in top line revenue. But it's durable, Elliot. And we're seeing continued utilization by existing patients and prescribers, and we are seeing new prescribers being added every month, every quarter.  We're also self-regulating. I mean we kind of live in ttheir world that's a little different than some of tthey larger players in tthey immunoglobulin space. Again, we're really 99% outpatient. We work with great specialty pharmacies, great home infusion and freestanding ambulatory infusion clinics as well as doctors' offices that do IG infusion. And we're really building brand loyalty. We're building great relationships with our prescribers and ttheyse infusion pharmacies. And we're able to really I don't want to say choose who our customers are, but we're working with folks that, a, pay ttheyir bills on time; and b, order and stock inventory according to contract. It's a symbiotic relationship. We guarantee tthey continuity of care with our supply, and ttheyy have it available for ttheyir patients wtheyn ttheyy need it.  Again, we're tthey only IG manufacturer who's not pushing any ottheyr plasma-derived ttheyrapy. So we don't have to sell albumin. We don't have to sell coagulation factors. We're not selling any ottheyr novel unique plasma protein. So we really feel very good about tthey position and tthey demand utilization. Tthey inventories in tthey channel are normal, if not a little bit thin, depending upon tthey vial presentation. But I can tell you that we are committed theyre and we are pushing more plasma into tthey plant than ever before to ensure that continued growth trajectory for both products.  You asked a question about persistence of patients on ASCENIV ttheyrapy. A lot of people ask us that same question, Elliot. I know that ttheyy ask you that question, and I'm sure that ttheyy ask tthey ottheyr analysts as well. And what I can say is, yes, tthey patients that are starting on ttheyrapy, based on tthey input and data that I have available to me, tthey majority of patients that were on ASCENIV at tthey end of last year are continuing on ttheyrapy at tthey beginning of ttheir year. I'm aware of very few patients that have come off ttheyrapy and switctheyd back to normal IG.  Obviously, as people change ttheyir insurance or as ttheyy move to different states, as ttheyy have changes in ttheyir life, things certainly happen. But I can tell you that tthey patients that are being monitored by tthey clinicians are remaining on ttheyrapy. It's durable. Ttheyre's no seasonality in tthey utilization of ASCENIV. I think that's something that I think is a question we also get, Elliot. What more can I say? I know too much about tthey first quarter, and I'm trying very hard to keep my mouth shut. But I just think that we will continue to see record utilization and pull through for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV as we progress throughout 2023.  We wouldn't be ttheir optimistic about our financial guidance and increasing and tweaking tthey language, I mean we do take it very seriously. For those of you who are listening, I probably know most of you, and I've known you for years, and I like to under promise and over deliver. My team enjoys it as well. Last year was a tremendous year for us across all measures. And we want to set targets that are achievable, that we believe we can easily meet in tthey face of macroeconomic challenges but also that we have a high likelihood to beat.  So yes, durable utilization for ASCENIV, durable pull-through. My commercial team has promised. And sometimes I look at ttheym and I go, "All right. Show me, prove it," and ttheyy're doing it. So unfortunately, I don't make tthey rules. Tthey SEC said we filed first quarter numbers on or before May 15. I think that investors and our analysts, you can anticipate continued durable utilization, continued patients on ASCENIV ttheyrapy and growing BIVIGAM utilization across tthey IG and immune-compromised patient landscape. Elliot Wilbur Got it. One more question, if I may, and hopefully, I didn't miss ttheir in your prepared commentary. But can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in tthey collection center level in terms of tthey capacity utilization of tthey various centers, donor and foot traffic trends? Ttheyre's been some media about very theyavy volumes at tthey border, at tthey U.S. Mexican border. I know that doesn't directly impact your business, but just wondering if ttheyre's any corollary ttheyre. And ttheyn more specifically, given tthey strong performance of ASCENIV, I know that you still have tthey ability to source high RSV titer plasma from your prior supplier, but maybe just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of your internal sourcing of high RSV titer plasma at your captive collection centers? Brian Lenz So Elliot, I'll take tthey plasma center question. Yes, visibility has never been higtheyr on our pathway to supply self-sufficiency at our centers. We received, I would say, accelerated approvals last year. All 10 centers have been opened and are operating and collecting. So we're clearly on track to receive FDA licensure for call it tthey remaining 2 by tthey end of ttheir year. All tthey centers are operating very well.  Foot traffic certainly above wtheyre we were pre-pandemic and collections are certainly meaningfully exceeding our pre-pandemic levels. As it relates to collections for BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and even Nabi, for that matter, yes, we have some ottheyr third-party contracts, but our own source plasma from our own 10 centers will more than meet tthey demands for tthey revenue forecast that we've set over tthey next couple of years. But our goal is to collect as much plasma as we possibly can. Plasma is going one way, and we feel very confident in our collection abilities and getting ttheyse centers open and approved. Adam Grossman And I think we messaged in one of tthey last quarter call or maybe it was during tthey financing, we've invested into our own laboratories theyre, and we've identified ways to potentially screen and identify tthey hyperimmune RSV plasma donor faster. And as we continue throughout 2023, we think that we'll be able to shift to more of ttheir testing in-house. And I think that, that will theylp us to ensure that we have as much plasma as we need to make ASCENIV and as much normal sources we can get.  I think also something that our team always works on theyre is third-party supply contracts wtheyre we're even working with some new collectors now potentially bolstering and augmenting our internal supply and our existing third-party contracts with some new ones. Ttheyse are not huge quantities of plasma, but every batch is 4,400 liters. And if we can get more plasma, we can produce more, we've got more production slots available switching ASCENIV to tthey 4,400-liter scale, and it's all falling into place.  So I'd like tthey inflationary theyadwinds to subside just because it's crazy out ttheyre. But it certainly has not been slow for our collection centers. So we're really, really happy with tthey job ttheyy're doing. And from what I can see, we've got good inventories of material, Elliot. So I don't foresee any issue with us meeting or exceeding even tthey out-year revenue and financial targets that we've set for tthey business. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Kristen Kluska from Cantor. Kristen Kluska Congrats on a great 2022 and continued success, really, especially wtheyn you consider coming back from some of tthey hardest times of tthey pandemic and tthey macro environment we're in. So I wanted to ask, given your initiatives to unlock new growth opportunities, Adam, you started to comment about ways you're looking to measure and source more plasma from those with sufficient levels of titers to RSV.  So I know ttheyre's just a small percent of people who have ttheyse levels. But naturally, if your footprint is increasing across your centers, I would imagine that you're collecting more of ttheir plasma. So how could ttheir initiative and some of ttheyse changes also theylp to consider some of your revenue goals and even potentially exceeding ttheym? Adam Grossman Sure. Thanks for tthey continued support, and thanks for tthey good question, Kristen. I hope you guys are well. I think what we say in our public filings is roughly 10% of people have tthey titers that we're looking for. What's nice about collecting tthey majority of ttheir plasma yourself -- and look, we still work with Grifols. That supply contract is in good standing through mid-2027. We've got some ottheyr smaller collectors who we work with on high-titer to RSV plasma as well. But what I can say is I can't force ttheym to call ttheir donor back and get that donor in a chair. I can force Brian and our plasma collection centers to spend in some time, spend some effort, get tthey donors who we know have high levels of neutralizing antibodies to RSV and get ttheym to come in.  And we can target incentives. We can roll out tthey red carpet, whatever we need to do, but we have much more control over those donors that are coming into our own centers. So while 10% of people or less have tthey antibodies that we're looking for, that doesn't mean that only 10% of tthey plasma that we collect will be high-titer to RSV because we can manage which donors are coming into our centers.  So it's a science, it's an art, however you want to view it, but ttheyse are special people. And we really take it very, very seriously, and we have targeted programs to bring ttheyse folks in. So we really think that having ttheir control, and ttheir was what we set out to do in 2020 wtheyn we embarked on tthey supply chain robustness, is take over tthey control. And I don't want to say that we can choose which bodies are in tthey donor bed that day, but we can certainly do our best to continue to call, motivate and incentivize tthey RSV high-titer donors to come back.  Your ottheyr question was around some of tthey growth opportunities. And tthey 4,400 scale, as I talked about, certainly will expand access to more ASCENIV in tthey market. And obviously, we'll open up more production slots to make any of our IG products. But we're really excited about tthey potential yield enhancement initiatives. So we're looking at taking some of our discard fractions. In our discard fractions, ttheyre is IG. And if we can unlock tthey ability to harvest some of ttheir product -- look, ttheir will take some comparability work, ttheir will take a submission to FDA, but we do feel that ttheyre could be a very, very modest investment.  Ttheyse investments on yield enhancement and enhancing our RSP testing capabilities, ttheyy're investments, but ttheyy're not material to tthey point that ttheyy're going to impact our cash on hand or our profitability outlook. For very small investments, we think that ttheyse are activities that are going to really reap tremendous benefits tthey overall financial outlook. And we're not yet prepared to quantify ttheir, but we still are saying it's a 70-30, 60-40 revenue split between BIVIGAM and our higtheyr-margin hyperimmunes, ASCENIV and Nabi-HB. Don't want to forget Nabi. Nabi is hanging in ttheyre, 60%, 70% margin. We love that product; ASCENIV, in tthey 80s range; and BIVIGAM's margins improving into that 30%, 40% range.  We think that we've got tthey opportunity to be in that 50% to 60% gross margin, bringing 25%, 30% to tthey bottom line. So we feel really good about ttheir. And as we expand more on our fill-finish capabilities, as we expand and hopefully can unlock some additional yield through some of ttheyse exciting process development programs that we've been executing in tthey first quarter, I think that tthey guidance that we've given is only tthey beginning, Kristen. And I want to make everybody happy. We can't do it all at once, but I think that our company really has bolstered itself with some really great thought leaders and really great staff theyre. And I think that we are positioning ttheir company for continued success and growth. Kristen Kluska And now that you have a lot more experience with ASCENIV, and I know that you opined in tthey press release that publications are potentially in tthey works, looking back at tthey clinical trial experience, I think you had about 60 patients ttheyre. So I'm wondering, now that you have ttheir kind of real-world experience, if tthey effects that you're familiar with at least are in line with what's on tthey label, if you're seeing even better benefits if patients are on tthey treatment longer? Really, like anything that you can theylp us understand outside of just tthey label experience. Adam Grossman I am theyaring my compliance team wtheirpering in my ear, Kristen. I think ttheyre have been some publications out ttheyre. Ttheyre's certainly some data that have been publittheyyd by certain KOLs in tthey community. I think we've had a couple of publications as well at tthey medical conferences, medical meetings. And I could hypottheysize in private with you, but to just state, I just don't have robust data for it right now. I don't think would be appropriate.  But what I can say is that I'm a big believer that clinicians prescribe products if ttheyy work. Just because a label says something, sure, ttheyy may try it, but ttheyy're not going to keep a patient on ttheyrapy if it's not doing what it's intended to do or better. I think ASCENIV, especially at its price point, I mean, I think that ttheyre are high expectations for tthey drug. And I think tthey best way to answer your question is that we are seeing durable, persistent reordering patterns. We're seeing durable utilization. We're seeing increased pull-through, plain and simple. And I think that, that comes from a product that is delivering results that are above and beyond what maybe were even measured in a clinical trial.  Our data for ASCENIV -- and again, it was not a theyad-to-theyad study against any ottheyr IG product -- but our data for ASCENIV showed a very low rate of antibiotic use, a very low rate of days missed at work and school, low rate of hospitalizations. Anecdotally, and I think ttheir is probably in tthey publication, patient diaries, again, ttheyse are, again, anecdotal supplemental data, people felt good on tthey product. Ttheyy felt better.  And if you look at our asceniv.com website and if you poke around ttheyre, ttheir is not a drug for everybody. Ttheir is for tthey patients that have chronic and persistent infections. Ttheyse are patients who are failing or not thriving standard IG ttheyrapy. Ttheyy need a change. We theyard that from tthey ASCENIV patient speakers at our national business meeting. And I really just feel that ttheyre's something unique about tthey antibody profile of tthey product. I think that RSV, again, is that marker for ttheyse high responder donors. And ttheyre is some data publittheyyd ttheyre.  But I really feel that tthey fact that tthey product is continuing to grow. I think that, that answers your question without me saying something that's going to get me yelled at by somebody. So that's tthey best answer I can give you, and I hope that that's okay. And I just think, look, ttheyre's more data coming out. Ttheyre's more data that's publittheyyd all tthey time. And I think as we continue to make progress with tthey product utilization and penetration, I'm excited for what lies atheyad for tthey future, for tthey PI population and for our company. Kristen Kluska Great. Looking forward to seeing what you have in store for us ttheir year. Adam Grossman Stay tuned, Kristen. We will hopefully not disappoint. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion of tthey call. I'd like to turn it back over to Adam for additional closing remarks. Adam Grossman Thank you, everybody. I just want to thank you all for your interest in ADMA Biologics. We appreciate your continued support. Donate plasma, you've got plasma centers near you. And we hope to continue to keep tthey shareholders happy, keep tthey patients happy. And again, thank you to my staff, tthey whole team, we can't do it without you. So all of our advisers and everybody, keep fighting tthey good fight and rock on. Take care, everybody. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes tthey conference call for today. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.