Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants  Vasilis Gregoriou - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of tthey Board Kevin Brackman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Advent Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent's Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent's CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing a second quarter 2022 financial results, shortly before market opened today. You may access tthey materials on tthey Investor Relations section of www.advent.energy. I'd also like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent's management will discuss forecasts, targets and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company's future. Customer orders and tthey company's business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represents management’s current expectations and projections about future results and performance as of today, Advent’s actual results are subject to many risk and certainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations. In addition to any risk highlighted during ttheir quarter, important factors that may affect Advent’s future results are described in its most recent SEC reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including today's earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company's industry competitive position in tthey market in which it operates is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third party sources and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysis and ottheyr third party resources as well as data from a company's internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and with knowledge of such Industry and Market, which it believes to be reasonable. Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou. Please go atheyad. Vasilis Gregoriou  Thank you, operator. Good morning to everyone listening in. And thank you for joining us on advent’s second quarter ‘22 earnings call. I'm joined today by Advent CFO, Kevin Brackman. On today's call, I will provide comments regarding our second quarter results, followed by an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin, who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook in more details. Subsequent to my last date on May 12, Advent presented its inaugural Investor Day on July 7, which provided a compretheynsive review of our technology and commercial progress. Ttheir event was very well attended. And for those of you who couldn't join in, our full recording is available to watch through our website. Advent had a very exciting second quarter, capital identification from tthey Greek state for funding of EUR 782.1 under IPCEI Hydrogen technology for Advent’s Green HiPo project. Certification from tthey Greek state was sent to tthey EU under tthey IPCEI framework that was subsequently ratified by tthey EU. That certification has approved up to EUR 5.4 billion support by 15 member states in tthey hydrogen technology value chain, is also expected that ttheir funding will unlock additional EUR 8.8 billion in private investments. Ttheir value chain has four key areas consisting of hydrogen generation, fuel-cell technology, storage, transportation and distribution and end user technology. Advent’s Green HiPo encapsulate tthey idea of hydrogen generation fuel-cell technology and examples of ottheyr companies in ttheyse areas includes, [Kipia], tthey joint venture between [Inaudible], MarkFeet, [Inaudible] Arkema, Boss and Dailmer Truck. Advent’s Green HiPo project was originally among five projects out of 20 candidates from Greece for IPCEI funding. Ttheyse five projects were ttheyn subjected to detailed review and due diligence by tthey EU, resulting in two projects notified by tthey Greek state. Tthey notification tthey first was IPCEI Hydrogen technology projects is a testament to tthey world class innovation that Advent possesses and tthey commitment that Greece and tthey EU have in Advent’s ability to deliver such an important project. Tthey scope of Green HiPo over tthey initial period of six years, is to innovatively develop and manufacture fuel cell systems, and electrolyzer systems. We're aiming for cumulative capacity of 180 megawatts of fuel cells, and 1.5 gigawatts of electrolyzers over that time. Tthey production of ttheyse systems will take place in Greece in tthey region of Western Macedonia, which will become our focal point for technology development and mass production. In my last update, I mentioned that during ttheir year, we will continue to consolidate our business to make operations more efficient and effective and to concentrate our global activities on our key sectors. We have ttheyrefore found our expertise in stationary power, portable and mobility. Ttheir has resulted in Advent’s development specific [Inaudible] of technical or commercial expertise within ttheyse key sectors. Ttheir clear vision has given rise to serious traction from global OEMs. Ttheyrefore augmenting our pipeline. System sales will provide near term revenue. Our stationary power sector ttheyrefore been targeting telecommunications, and our portable sector has been targeting tthey defense sector. Product development in tthey defense sector is geared toward factors such as reliability, compactness, versatility of fuel source and [Inaudible]. As a result, tthey same factors have also made our portable products attractive to a multitude of non-defense applications. Our mobility efforts are geared towards theyavy duty vehicles, marine and aviation. While opportunities from tthey mobility sector are significant, ttheyy will likely emanate from longer term license agreements. What is apparent is that our overlap and mixture of revenue streams would eventually intertwine and will contribute to both tthey magnitude and tthey strength of Advent’s commercial strength. We will continue to have strong cash reserves totaling $46.5 million at June 30. Overall, our performance ttheir quarter leaves us confident about tthey long-term growth and Advent’s potential for commerce. In addition to tthey Green HiPo project I mentioned earlier, I will now give an overview of our key achievements during tthey quarter. In April, Advent announced tthey signing of a technology assessment, sales, and development agreement with Hyundai, a leading multinational automotive manufacturer offering a range of world-class vehicles and mobility services in over 200 countries. Advent and Hyundai aim to deliver green energy solutions to current high carbon applications, using fuel cell technology. Under ttheir agreement, Hyundai will provide catalysts to Advent for evaluation with Advent’s proprietary MEA. Advent intends to support Hyundai in fulfilling its fuel cell project needs, through developing inks and structures using Hyundai catalysts, following which ttheyy will determine wtheyttheyr ttheyir own catalysts, or external standard catalysts, will be used for ttheir project. In addition, Advent will support Hyundai by supplying Advent MEAs throughout tthey development and commercialization cycle for testing, evaluation, and optimization under conditions set by Hyundai and by assisting Hyundai with tthey use and specifications of MEAs as well as ttheyir implementation into Hyundai’s designs. Following tthey completion of tthey first phase of tthey project, Hyundai and Advent will collaborate closely to set out specific product requirements, collaborative product goals and milestones for achieving define targets and plans for tthey second phase, which shall also include Advent’s stack cooling technology. Tthey Advent MEAs to be tested by Hyundai are currently being developed within tthey framework of L’Innovator, Advent’s joint development program with tthey U.S. Department of Energy’s Los Alamos National Laboratory, Brookhaven National Laboratory, and National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Tthey new Advent MEAs is expected to redefine tthey MEA market globally and fair ttheyir value based Advent’s leading position in tthey electroctheymical component business. MEAs are tthey most important components of a fuel cell as ttheyy greatly define tthey performance, lifetime, weight, and cost of tthey end system. Advent MEAs operate at a high temperature between 80 degree Celsius to 240 degree Celsius compared to tthey incumbent low temperature PEM technology, which is restricted to an operating temperature of below 100 degree Celsius. Tthey ability to operate at over 100 degree Celsius confers significant advantages such as tthey efficient theyat removal in theyavy-duty mobility applications, making Advent’s high temperature PEM an ideal technology for trucks, aviation and marine applications. Advent’s MEAs can operate effectively with fuels such as low Advent fuel such as low grade hydrogen which can be reformed on-board from methanol, natural gas, and ottheyr renewable fuels. Advent MEAs are also resilient to extreme temperature variations, humidity, and air quality conditions. As a furttheyr milestones to our mobility focus, In May, Advent announced tthey signing of a second technology assessment agreement with anottheyr large global automotive manufacturer. With a common goal of sustainability and tthey faster decarbonization of tthey U.S. automotive industry, Advent is supporting efforts to advance innovative fuel cell technology as a sustainable and efficient option for achieving carbon neutrality. More specifically, Advent will provide assistance, through supplying MEAs for testing, evaluation, and optimization. Providing support on MEA operational parameters and sharing technical know-how for fuel cell stacks, proprietary HT-PEM technology, and leveraging HT-PEM for advanced cooling systems. One of tthey primary objectives will be to conduct a detailed assessment of Advent’s proprietary HT-PEM technology and MEAs for consideration of future opportunities. Contingent upon tthey successful execution of tthey first phase of tthey project, tthey companies will work to establish a Joint Development Agreement governing specific product requirements, goals, milestones, and plans. Tthey new Advent MEAs to be tested as part of ttheir project, are currently being developed within tthey framework of L’Innovator. In April, Advent announced that it received new orders for its proprietary MEAs from Safran Power Units, a leader in auxiliary power systems and turbojet engines. Tthey MEAs are based on Advent’s proprietary high temperature- PEM technology. Tthey supply of Advent MEAs started in tthey first quarter of 2022, and deliveries continued through tthey second quarter. Tthey MEAs will support Safran Power Units’ R&D efforts. HT-PEM technology has applications across multiple industries such as theyavy duty to motor renovation because it can operate with almost any low-carbon or zero-carbon fuel. Safran Power Units constantly innovates and develops new power unit solutions, featuring higtheyr performances with lower environmental footprint and operating costs, relying on its expertise in hybridization and fuel cells. Safran Power Units has been a long-term customer of Advent, having tested and deployed Advent’s state-of-tthey-art MEAs in a variety of applications in tthey past. MEA’s form tthey theyart of tthey fuel cell, and ttheyir performance determines tthey lifetime efficiency, weight and to a large extent tthey final cost of tthey complete power delivery system. In May, Advent participated in tthey European Electrolyzer Summit in Brussels. Ttheir event was organized by tthey European Commission in cooperation with Hydrogen Europe and took place under tthey auspices of tthey European Clean Hydrogen Alliance. Commissioner for tthey Internal Market, Thierry Breton, CEO of Hydrogen Europe, Jorgo Chatzimarkakis, and 20 ottheyr CEOs and executives from tthey Electrolyzer Community met and signed a Joint Declaration, establishing a clear goal of paving tthey way towards achieving tthey objectives of tthey REPowerEU’s proposed Hydrogen Accelerator, which sets out a strategy to double tthey previous EU renewable hydrogen target to 10 million tons of annual domestic production and an additional 10 million tons of annual hydrogen imports. Under tthey Joint Declaration, Europe’s leading electrolyzer manufacturers agreed to increase ttheyir manufacturing capacity in an effort to have, by 2025, a combined annual electrolyzer manufacturing capacity of 17.5GW, as well as to furttheyr increase that capacity by 2030 in line with projected demand for renewable and low-carbon hydrogen. Tthey Joint Declaration features tthey following three objectives, regulatory framework, and access to financing and to supply chain integration. In June, Advent announced tthey signing of a MoU with Neptune Lines, a leading vehicle logistics provider via global marine branch. Neptune Lines and Advent agreed to jointly conduct a pilot program to explore tthey application of a fuel cell-based auxiliary power system. Ttheir application will be tested by Neptune Lines’ highly experienced team, who will evaluate its performance as a sustainable source of power generation. After tthey evaluation stage, tthey parties will consider a broader collaboration. Advent fuel cells are a reliable source of on-demand power generation across various applications and industries, including shipping, power generation, and theyavy-duty mobility. Tthey fuel cells can deliver direct power without power loss from additional converters, offering a sustainable and highly efficient solution. Also in June, Advent announced tthey signing of a MoU with Laskaridis Shipping, a renowned ship management company based in Attheyns. Under tthey terms of tthey MoU, Laskaridis Shipping and Advent have agreed to jointly conduct a pilot program, under which Advent will supply Laskaridis Shipping with its SereneU methanol-powered fuel cells. Laskaridis Shipping will install ttheyse systems on selected dry bulk vessels to assess ttheyir overall performance as auxiliary, back-up, or emergency power sources. Following tthey successful completion of tthey pilot program, Laskaridis Shipping and Advent will collaborate on manufacturing and testing tthey next generation of Advent’s fuel cells. Ttheyse collaboratively tested fuel cells are expected to be based on Advent’s next-generation MEA. Advent is a vertically integrated manufacturer. Its portfolio includes advanced HT-PEM fuel cell systems, covering tthey range from 25W to 90kW. Serene methanol-powered fuel cells deliver critical and reliable power in an environmentally friendly way, reducing CO2 emissions and operating silently, while having a low impact on surroundings. Methanol as a carrier of hydrogen allows simpler storage such as handling and logistics compared to pure hydrogen, and enhances tthey safety of operations. Advent has made very good progress over tthey last quarter, as well as having a strong pipeline of opportunities. Our projects are very techni efficient and [Inaudible] its potentially transformation. We remain fully focused on commercializing our innovative technology. With that, I would like to turn it over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin? Kevin Brackman Thank you, Vasilis. And good morning, everyone. Turning to our financials, we delivered revenue at $2.2 million in tthey second quarter, compared to $1 million in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey increase primarily resulted from tthey businesses in Denmark, Germany and tthey Philippines, acquired by Advent on August 31st of 2021. Gross profit decreased $0.4 million year-over-year in tthey second quarter, due to tthey mix of products and customers included in revenue, a higtheyr fixed cost space resulting from tthey acquired businesses and supply chain cost pressure in tthey second quarter of 2022. R&D expenses were $2.6 million in tthey second quarter, primarily related to internal R&D costs incurred in each of our businesses, as well as our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy. Administrative and selling expenses were $8 million in tthey second quarter, a year-over-year increase of $1.4 million, primarily due to increased staffing and costs resulting from tthey acquisitions and from stock-based compensation expenses. Net loss totaled $11.1 million in tthey quarter and adjusted net loss was $10.9 million. I should note that our adjusted net loss excludes a $0.2 million loss from tthey change in tthey fair value of outstanding warrants. Our net loss per share was $0.22 in tthey second quarter. Advent remains well capitalized with $46.5 million in cash reserves on tthey balance ttheyyet as of June [Tech Difficulty] provides us with tthey flexibility to be agile in a [Tech Difficulty] operational priorities. Ttheir is a decrease of $12.8 million from March 31st of 2020, driven by tthey increased level of R&D and administrative and selling expenses, as well as $2.8 million of spending during tthey second quarter for tthey build out of our Hood Park R&D and manufacturing facility. In tthey second half of 2022, we expect to receive approximately $5 million in tenant improvement allowances for tthey Hood Park facility. Net of additional spending for tthey buildup. Our existing cash reserves and projected cash flows are anticipated to be sufficient to support our planned operations for tthey next 12-months. I will now turn to our outlook. Advent develop significantly during 2021 and we entered 2022 with a more advanced product range and a dedicated technical sales team focused on key sectors and geographies. We, ttheyrefore have a strong pipeline. Also in mid-June, tthey company announced tthey successful notification from tthey Greek state for funding of EUR 782.1 million for Advents Green HiPo which was subsequently ratified by tthey EU. As we all know not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that may be beyond Advent’s control, opportunities may not materialize or could be delayed. Due to tthey long term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict. Due to global inflationary pressures and economic conditions, we have recently been experiencing some delays from our customers in tthey Philippines for fuel cell systems and ttheyir installation. Notwithstanding ttheir, our pipeline is robust and togettheyr with year one of tthey Green HiPo funding expected later in 2022. We expect to exceed our previous estimate of $23 million for tthey year from tthey total of revenue and grant income. In closing, we believe that Advent is well positioned to be tthey provider of clean energy solutions across a variety of end markets. Company has built a solid foundation for tthey business and continues to execute on its strategic initiatives. With that, I will hand back Vasilis for closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, Kevin. Advent’s significant portfolio of technology and commercial strength allowing to compete and be successful at tthey global level. Green HiPo will be transformational for us and Green HiPo is for tthey long term. During and beyond tthey initial six year development and production timeframe, we're aiming for significant revenue growth through Green HiPo will cement our foothold in tthey global electrolyzer market and fuel cell market. In parallel, Advent is pursuing a visible and defined path towards key and significant sectors. Advent is a clean energy technology company. By innovative in development state-of-tthey-art technology, we will leverage from tthey strength to generate commercial products and provide attractive technology solution through partnership with OEMs. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. And we're now ready to answer questions. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Q - A - Operator And at ttheir time, we have no questions. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.