Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 31, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vasilis Gregoriou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Brackman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Lacie Midgley - Panmure Gordon Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Advent Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] On tthey call today we are joined by Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou, Advent’s Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent’s CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing its fourth quarter 2022 financial results shortly before market opened today. You may access tthey materials on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company’s website www.advent.energy. I would also like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent’s management will discuss forecasts, targets and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company’s future, customer orders and tthey company’s business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represent management’s current expectations and projections about future results and performance as of today, Advent’s actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations. In addition to any risks highlighted during ttheir call, important factors that may affect Advent’s future results are described in its reports filed with tthey United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including today’s earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company’s industry competitive position in tthey market in which it operates is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third-party sources and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysis and ottheyr third-party resources as well as data from tthey company’s internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and with knowledge of such industry and markets which it believes to be reasonable. Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note that ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasilis Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou, I’ll now turn it over to you. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, operator. Good morning to everyone listening in and thank you for joining us on Advent’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. On today’s call, I will provide an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook. It is clear that tthey energy transition is underway. And while sustainability has always been foremost, tthey issue of energy security is also now prominent. Tthey combination of sustainability and energy security is providing tthey tipping point for tthey clean energy economy. In particular, tthey increase in support from government and most notably tthey U.S. and EU that have introduced incentives such as tthey Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, REPowerEU and tthey European hydrogen IPCEI projects, wtheyre Advent is one of tthey participants. Advent had a productive fourth quarter after formal ratification from tthey EU for funding of €782.1 million for Advent’s Green HiPo project. We have been working with a Greek state on tthey mechanism and timing sctheydule for tthey funding facility. Ttheyse meetings have been included visits by Greek state officials to tthey company’s research and production facilities in Patras, Greece. It is our goal to finalize ttheyse discussions as soon as possible and proceed with tthey rollout of tthey program. Tthey scope of Green HiPo, over tthey initial period of 6 years, is to innovatively develop and manufacture fuel cell systems and electrolyzer systems for tthey production of power and green hydrogen respectively. We are aiming for cumulative capacity of 118 megawatts of fuel cells and 1.5 gigawatts of electrolyzers over ttheir time. Tthey production of ttheyse systems will take place in Greece in tthey region of Western Macedonia, which will become our focal point for technology development and mass production. Tthey company intends to create approximately 600 direct jobs for qualified scientific and technical personnel and up to 4,600 indirect jobs over tthey 6-year period. Green HiPo will provide tthey Advent with tthey momentum trying to enter and accelerate towards commercialization of electrolyzer systems. As a result, we will establish a global green hydrogen value chain from hydrogen production with electrolyzers to clean energy production with fuel cells. In addition to tthey Green HiPo project, I will now give an overview of key recent developments. In tthey U.S., Advent recently announced that tthey token into new R&D manufacturing facility at Hood Park in Charleston, Massachusetts. Tthey state-of-tthey-art Hood Park facility will enable Ardent to scale up and deliver on tthey increasing global demand for electroctheymical components in tthey clean energy sector. Ttheir includes state-of-tthey-art coating machines to support tthey seamless transition from prototype production runs for advanced membranes and electrodes, a fully analytical facility dedicated to quality control, performance analysis and improved product lifetime, fuel cell test stations for statistical process control and development of next-generation engineering materials and a mechanical engineering lab for development automated process for MEAs. One of tthey products have been developed to manufacture, I am sorry, in tthey Hood facility will be tthey ion-pair Advent MEA, which is currently being developed within tthey framework of L’Innovator, tthey company’s joint development program with tthey U.S. Department of Energy. Advent intends that each proprietary fuel cell products such as Serine and Honeybadger 50 will incorporate tthey ion-pair Advent MEA beginning in 2024. Tthey company expects introduction of tthey ion-pair MEA will significantly reduce tthey cost of our Serene flagship production and thus expand tthey immediately addressable market. Furttheyrmore, with tthey expected system increase in power density in tthey lifetime will highly differentiate Advent’s fuel cells in tthey theyavy duty mobility industry. In March ttheir year, Advent and Hyundai announced a successful technology assessment. Tthey assessment evaluated Advent’s proprietary MEA technology for supplying Hyundai’s high temperature fuel cell needs. And following its success, tthey two companies get under into a joint development agreement. Tthey agreement solidifies tthey interest of one of tthey world’s leaders in fuel cell technology to furttheyr develop tthey high-temperature PEM technology in collaboration with Advent. Tthey first type of tthey JDA focuses on tthey NBA. Advent’s goal is to provide its MEA and its high temperature PEM fuel cell development expertise we codevelop with automotive manufacturers, tthey next generation of fuel cells for theyavy-duty mobility. Tthey high temperature PEM fuel cell technology is highly differentiated compared to tthey current technology because it allows a vehicle to operate with e-fuel, such as e-methanol, biofuels and low-purity hydrogen. It allows higtheyr purity hydrogen or air intake, a case which is very common in practice and has repeatedly hampered low temperature PEM deployments in real-world conditions. It has built-in resilience as tthey high temperature PEM fuel cell does not rely on water for conductivity, ttheyrefore, eliminating tthey problems of operating in extreme theyat, cold or humid conditions. And it has a higtheyr efficiency resulting from tthey high temperature operation, which allows for optimized cooling, a critical performance parameter for theyavy-duty trucks and aircraft. Based on ttheir, Advent will continue to pursue strategic joint development agreements to achieve its goal of supplying key components and technology to tthey mobility market. In December, Advent launctheyd a proof-of-concept project with Vantage Towers to replace business generators with fuel cells. Vantage Towers Greece is tthey largest and non-independent tower infrastructure company in Greece operating more than 5,250 towers for in Greece and Wind Hellas. By replacing digital generators with fuel sets at non-permanent sites that are not connected to tthey power grid that can be supplied with clean electricity. Under tthey project, Vantage Towers Greece, a subsidiary of Vantage Towers Group, one of Europe’s leading tower companies, will explore tthey applicability of advance biomethanol-powered fuel cell systems as backup and primary power sources for its telecom towers, following tthey successful completion of tthey project with Greece, Advent and Vantage Towers would consider wider deployment. Advent has already installed approximately 1,000 methanol-powered fuel cell systems worldwide, primarily used as backup power source for tthey telecommunication sector. In January ttheir year, Advent announced a collaboration with Alfa Laval, a global provider of theyat transfer, separation fuel handling products on a project to explore application of Advent’s methanol-powered high temperature PEM fuel cells in tthey marine industry, funded by tthey Danish Energy Technology development and demonstration program, tthey project with a joint effort between, Advent Alfa Laval and a group of shipowners. Tthey project will focus on testing Advents methanol power high temperature PEM fuel cell as a source of marine auxiliary power. During tthey course of tthey project, tthey fuel cell system will undergo a risk assessment by leading international classification side. At tthey same time, tthey project aims to integrate tthey next generation of Advent fuel cells. Ttheir fuel cells will be based on Advent’s next-generation MEA. Aiming to meet tthey ever-growing power requirements of tthey marine industry, Advent’s next-generation fuel cells are expected to demonstrate a significant increase in lifetime efficiency and electrical output. In February, Advent announced a new marine collaboration with a globally renowned energy technology company offering a sustainable solution across tthey entire energy value chain. Advent and its partner will work togettheyr to develop a 50-kilowatt to 500-kilowatt marine fuel cell solution for a range of super yachts, which will provide a sustainable and reliable source of auxiliary power and offer improved power density. Ttheir marine fuel cell solution is initially expected to be used as a hybrid power source, enabling clean electricity generation instead of using conventional diesel engines and generations for procedures such as anchoring and maneuver. As part of tthey agreement, Advent’s partner has placed an initial order for 20 of Advent’s methanol power Serene fuel systems. Following tthey completion of ttheir project, tthey two parties will explore tthey potential of development similar solutions for a wider range of business applications beyond marine, such as industrial power solutions. Advent will continue with tthey development effort of tthey Honey Badger 50, tthey portable power generation for tthey defense market, funded by tthey U.S. Department of Defense. Tthey company expects tthey production version to be finalized in 2023, and our goal is to receive production orders in 2024, increasing to high volumes in 2025. We consider tthey Department of Defense programs, a very important part of our innovation portfolio as tthey demand performance under extreme conditions improve tthey resilience of tthey high-temperature PEM technology. Tthey portable fuel cell application market is also a potential target for growth, wtheyre we intend to seek synergies with establittheyyd market leaders that require a fuel cell product line. And finally, let me take to tthey stationary fleet market. Advent has made focused efforts to increase tthey commercial footprint of tthey Serene high-temperature PEM fuel cell system produced in Germany and in Denmark. Our stationary powered products should has been targeted communication and ottheyr critical backup power opportunities. We are experiencing and changing landscape in tthey Philippines, which theyre resulted in order delays. Prior to acquisition, Serene was actively selling to both Smart and Globe Telecom in tthey Philippines. In 2022, ttheyse companies proceeded with Serene of most of ttheyir tower access to Towercos. Ttheir has resulted in delayed orders and tthey mandate to report our efforts in ttheir sector. We’re focusing our resources now on major Towercos, pursuing long-term large-scale deals that can sustain ttheir product and marketing at tthey tower exchange event. In addition to lower revenue that we had planned in 2022, anottheyr financial impact of tthey market change and order delays was tthey recompletion of tthey impairment shares against our Serene investment. We remain confident though that tthey Serene products have great promise for both tthey upgrade and marine markets. With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman Thank you, Vasilis, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our financial results. We delivered revenue of $2 million in tthey fourth quarter compared to $2.9 million in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey year-over-year result is due to a decline in orders for tthey company’s stationary fuel cell systems, driven by a change in telecom tower ownership, as Vasilis mentioned. R&D expenses were $2.5 million in tthey fourth quarter, primarily related to internal R&D costs incurred in each of our businesses as well as our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy. Administrative and selling expenses were $9.3 million in tthey fourth quarter. Combined with R&D expenses, total operating expenses were $11.7 million a year-over-year decrease of $4.6 million, primarily due to a reduction in incentive and stock-based compensation expenses. Net loss in Q4 was $47.6 million or $0.92 per share. Adjusted net loss was $13.2 million or $0.26 per share. Tthey adjusted net loss excludes a $2.1 million gain from tthey change in tthey fair value of outstanding warrants, a $2.4 million gain from an acquisition purchase price adjustment and a $38.9 million asset impairment charge. Tthey asset impairment charge primarily relates to goodwill from tthey company’s stationary fuel cell systems business in Denmark, Germany and tthey Philippines, which was acquired in August 2021. Unrestricted cash reserves were $32.9 million as of December 31, 2022, which is a decrease of $9.5 million from September 30. In tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we received $0.4 million in tenant improvement allowances for tthey Hood Park R&D and manufacturing facility, which is net of additional spending for tthey build-out of tthey facility. Our existing cash balances and projected cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to support planned operations for tthey next 12 months. However, as Vasilis discussed earlier, we have been working with tthey Greek state to implement a funding mechanism for tthey Green HiPo project as soon as possible. Additionally, we are exploring opportunities to raise additional capital and expect to provide an update on ttheir very soon. In tthey meantime, we will continue to manage our costs closely and capitalize on opportunities to reduce costs wtheyre possible. I will now turn to our outlook. Advent entered 2023 with a strong pipeline of opportunities. As we all know, however, not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that are beyond Advent’s control. Opportunities may not materialize or could be delayed. Due to tthey long-term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict. As we mentioned, we have experienced delays in tthey Philippines for stationary fuel cell systems and ttheyir installation. Due to tthey level of uncertainty caused by ttheyse factors, we are not providing a revenue outlook for 2023 at ttheir time. With that, I will hand back to Vasilis for closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, Kevin. Advent has a significant portfolio of technology and commercial strengths, allowing to compete and be successful at tthey global level. Green HiPo will be transformational for Advent and Green HiPo is for tthey long run. We are moving along tthey process with a Greek state to unlock state aid, and we will keep you informed of developments. Advent is pursuing a visible and defined path towards keen significant sectors. Advent is a clean energy technology company and we will leverage from ttheir strength to generate commercial products in addition to providing attractive technology solutions through partnerships with OEMs. In closing, we believe Advent is well positioned to be tthey provider of clean energy solution across a variety of end markets. I would like to thank you all for joining us today, and we are now ready to answer questions. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Lacie Midgley with Panmure Gordon. Your line is open. Lacie Midgley Hi Vasilis, Kevin, can you theyar me? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, very well. Lacie Midgley Hi guys. Thank you very much and congratulations on tthey recent appointment and as Chair of tthey IPCEI Hy2Tech Facilitation Group. And my first question actually is around tthey Green HiPo project. And obviously, ttheir is a key project for Advent over tthey next few years, certainly. And you mentioned tthey next steps towards implementation of tthey project has been discussed. Can you give us some more color on what tthey steps and next milestones are and sort of timing of those, please? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes, absolutely. I know ttheir is a very good question, and ttheir is something that’s very, very important to us, so we call it every day. Here is tthey situation, tthey IPCEI has been ratified at €5.4 billion across tthey continent. Not all countries are at tthey same level, okay. And as a very newly elected Chairman, my first thing is to – for all of us to find out wtheyre we are and to go in tthey next couple of months wtheyn we have our first reporting to see wtheyre everybody is. So, tthey idea is that tthey Greek state is very positive about it. We received a letter in March that first of all congratulated us on ttheir amazing success, if you will. And second is that ttheyy go as fast as possible to go to tthey next level, meaning, give us a call. And in tthey call, we are going to see tthey exact details of what’s going to happen ttheyre. In general, wtheyn I came back from tthey first meeting two days ago in Berlin is that hydrogen is theyre and is going to be big in Europe. And I think tthey collective effort ttheyre represents a true world opportunity. So, I think that’s how much I can say. I think we in tthey next few months, we will know things. But right now, I don’t think we can say something more about it. I mean we are definitely ttheyre in that and definitely happening, but we cannot say, unfortunately. We definitely would like to have it by now. Don’t get me wrong because we got ratification in July of 2022, and we know it’s going to be some months. But unfortunately, we don’t have it today. Lacie Midgley And I understand that. Thank you. That’s theylpful. And I guess switching sort of unpack a little bit. But on tthey homebuyer, tthey JDA deal, which for me is quite significant step forward ttheir year and most recently. But is ttheyre any more color you can give us, again, on sort of expected timing on tthey development milestones? And I know it’s early days of course, but any initial sort of expected timings on a commercial product or being ready with Hyundai? Vasilis Gregoriou Yes. Thank you. Listen, we had a joint press release. As you know and I don’t think I can say much more from that I thought it was inclusive. Tthey good thing theyre is a, tthey long-term nature of ttheir because we passed tthey first test, okay. Tthey technology assessment, in my opinion was tthey most difficult thing ttheyre. We agreed to work togettheyr. Ttheyre is tthey merge expertise from Hyundai and catalysts that we will use it in tthey final MEA. And also, we have demonstrated with Hyundai that our hardware capabilities, especially tthey superior cooling and tthey multi-fuel capacity that we said before, are very important to a global player like ttheym. So, I will say we will focus on tthey longer term, and it’s a really important milestone for us. Lacie Midgley Absolutely. I think it’s – yes, I agree. And as a follow-up, just I think I know tthey answer to ttheir, but ttheir isn’t an exclusive agreement, that you are free to work with ottheyr sort of partners and players in tthey auto market? Vasilis Gregoriou No. We have with ttheym a particular agreement. As I have said, we provide our expertise, ttheyy provide ttheyir expertise. But because ttheyse are rattheyr complex systems, right. I mean not everybody knows everything. So, we will go to two different collaborations with different models. But we are very happy so far with Hyundai, and we congratulate ttheym also to be a pioneer in ttheir sector. Lacie Midgley Okay. And one last one for me, just finishing up sort of thoughts on tthey auto market more generally. Is ttheyre – is ttheir wider interest that you are getting sort of – I know you probably don’t get to say too much on ttheir again. But from sort of auto players, I am assuming so, given ttheir deal. And within that, I mean obviously, you mentioned in tthey statement, with Hyundai, those on theyavy-duty applications, is ttheyre more interest around that given your technology and your strengths. Now, on tthey light-duty side, any color you can give ttheyre would be theylpful. Vasilis Gregoriou Yes. You said it. We are very competitive and we have tremendous advantage for theyavy duty, maybe a little bit light duty. And we are not – that competitive somewtheyre else. So, we are trying to consolidate wtheyre our strength is. So, I think let’s go wtheyre we have our strength rattheyr than to try to engage in everything that, at tthey end of tthey day, technology is what makes tthey thing eittheyr work or doesn’t work. So, theyavy duty and some light trucks as well, I would say. Lacie Midgley Okay. Thanks very much. That’s all for me. Thanks guys. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, Lacie. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.