Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADN) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vasilis Gregoriou - Chairman and CEO Kevin Brackman - CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Good morning, everyone. I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Advent Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] On tthey call today, we are joined by Dr. Vasili Gregoriou, Advent's Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Brackman, Advent's CFO. Before we begin tthey prepared remarks, we would like to remind you that Advent issued a press release announcing its second quarter 2023 financial results shortly before market open today. You may access tthey materials on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website, www.advant.energy. I would also like to remind everyone that during tthey course of ttheir conference call, Advent management will discuss forecasts, targets and ottheyr forward-looking statements regarding tthey company's future customer orders and tthey company's business outlook that are intended to be covered by tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. While ttheyse statements represent management's current expectations and projections about future results and performance as of today, Advent's actual results are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expectations. In addition to any risks highlighted during ttheir call, important factors that may affect Advent's future results are described in its most recent SEC reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including today's earnings press release. Except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir call. Lastly, information discussed on ttheir call concerning tthey company's industry competitive position in tthey market in which it operates, is based on information from independent industry and research organizations, ottheyr third-party sources and management estimates. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysts - analysis and ottheyr third-party resources as well as data from tthey company's internal research and are based on assumptions made upon reviewing such data and with tthey knowledge of such industry and markets. Which it believes to be reasonable. Ttheyse assumptions are subject to uncertainties and risks, which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in tthey estimates. Please note that ttheir call is being recorded. Kicking off tthey call will be Dr. Vasili Gregoriou. Dr. Gregoriou, I now turn it over to you. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, operator. Good morning to everyone listening in, and thank you for joining us on Advent's second quarter 2023 earnings call. On today's call, I will provide an update on tthey business. I will ttheyn hand over to Kevin, who will give a review of our financial performance and outlook in more detail. During my last update on May 15, I highlighted that Advent has furttheyr consolidated its business operations and was focusing on tthey core sectors of mobility and stationary power. Ttheir has continued in tthey second quarter with a gradual improvement in our cash burn as various non-costs are eliminated. We remain focused on expanding and executing on commercial pipeline with a view to embedding our technology and product portfolio in ttheyse key power sectors. We also maintained our capital investment program in state-of-tthey-art equipment that's required to complete tthey scale of production capacity. We intend for ttheir progress to continue towards large-scale manufacturers as soon as our Green HiPo project commences. We believe that tthey future demand for Advent high-temperature PEM technology and related products will create a significant opportunity, and we believe Advent will be ideally positioned to capitalize on ttheyse two suitable partnerships. We look forward to growing our commercial activities and achieving long-term profitable growth. Our business focus is on tthey production of advanced fuel cell materials and tthey development of advanced fuel cell systems, leading to direct sales. In addition, joint development agreement with OEMs will enable us to enter into long-term licensing and supply agreements. I will now give an overview of our recent business updates. BASF Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions, a global leader in precious metals and catalysts, and Advent concluded tthey terms of a new agreement to join efforts in building a full look component supply chain for fuel cell. For tthey past 20 years, BASF Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions has been a leader in membrane MEA technology for high temperature PEM fuel cells with a strong foundation in precious metal services and catalysis. Advent is a significant manufacturer of high temperature PEM fuel cell systems targeting emerging markets in tthey field of sustainable and decentralized energy such as stationary power that can replace diesel generators, maritime power for e-methanol fuel cells and theyavy-duty mobility. High temperature PEM fuel cells operate at 120 to 180 degrees celsius offer a broad operating window and can tolerate impurities in tthey hydrogen fuel gas. Ttheyse fuel cells also enable simplified cooling and do not require humidification. Advent offers competitive fuel cell systems for stationary portable applications based on methanol and on-site reforming. Looking atheyad, high temperature PEM fuel cells will also be available for theyavy-duty mobility and maritime power. Tthey scope of tthey agreement includes BASF's role in scaling-up MEA production at Advent's planned state-of-tthey-art manufacturing facility in Western Macedonia Greece, while offering Advent its full portfolio of products and services to enable circularity in key materials. Both companies will cooperate on BASF's latest membrane development, Celtec-Z and tthey new Ion Pair MEA membrane by Advent, aiming for improved performance, lifetime and cost competitiveness. In tthey Aerospace Sector, Advent signed a memorandum of understanding with Safran Power Systems, a leader in auxiliary power systems and turbojet engines. Leveraging Advent's proprietary Ion Pair MEA technology and Safran aerospace knowledge and capabilities, ttheir new collaboration will seek to advance tthey development of next-generation high-temperature PEM fuel cell technology, specifically for tthey aerospace sector. High temperature PEM enables more efficient theyat management versus low temperature PEM. High temperature PEM is more adapted for applications requiring high amounts of power, combined with strong integration constraints as in aviation. High temperature PEM is more robust and can withstand tougtheyr operating conditions such as extreme temperature and pollution versus low temperature PEM. Tthey collaboration furttheyr supported by a strong research consortium including tthey Research & Technology Center of Safran Group, tthey French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission, Fraunhofer Institute, tthey French National Centre for Scientific Research, tthey University of Strasbourg and tthey IMDEA Energy Institute. Led by Safran Power units and with tthey support of Advent, tthey consortium has secured a grant for tthey Clean Hydrogen Partnership NIMPHEA Project. Running from 2023 to 2026, tthey project is funded by Horizon Europe and tthey project's main objective is to develop an aircraft-compatible next-generation high temperature PEM MEA. Ttheir involve optimizing and enhancing various components such as tthey catalyst layer, membrane and gas diffusion layer. Advent's Ion Pair MEA technology serves as tthey foundation for ttheyse advancements. As part of tthey newly signed MoU, Advent and Safran Power Units are exploring a joint development agreement for tthey advancement of high temperature PEM fuel cells in aviation and for enhancing Advent's supply capability. In May, Advent announced tthey contract with a prominent fuel cell manufacturer specializing in truck application in tthey East Asian market. Under ttheir contract, Advent will supply high temperature PEM MEAs to support tthey development of advanced fuel cell solution for trucks. Tthey contract has a combined value of $1.1 million and comes after a highly successful testing phase of Advent's proprietary MEA technology conducted by our customer. Advent will deliver high temperature PEM MEAs with a projected continuation of deliveries aligned to tthey customer-specific time. Tthey use of Advent's MEA technology in fuel cell-powered trucks is a critical and substantial enhancement to EV technology, effectively tackling tthey challenges associated with charging infrastructure and tthey limited range of pure EVs. MEA's are tthey critical component of fuel cell systems and have pivotal role in determining tthey overall performance, durability, efficiency, weight and cost-effectiveness of tthey electroctheymical products ttheyy empower. Advent's electroctheymistry components business include electrodes, membranes and MEAs. Ttheyse components are critical for fuel cell electrolysers and for long duration energy storage, such as flow batteries. In June, Advent participated in tthey second European Electrolyser Summit theyld in Brussels. I was part of tthey delegation of 30 CEOs representing tthey European electrolyser manufacturing sector in a meeting with European Commissioner Thierry Breton. Tthey primary purpose of tthey meeting was to discuss and address tthey objective outlined in tthey joint declaration of tthey May 2022 EU Electrolyser Summit. Tthey meeting, jointly organized by tthey European Commission and Hydrogen Europe as part of tthey Electrolyser Partnership brought togettheyr approximately 44 companies actively involved in tthey European electrolyser supply chain. Following tthey second European Electrolyser Summit, tthey industry remains steadfast in its commitment to achieve tthey ambitious goals set out in tthey REPowerEU communication. Tthey objective is to accomplish 10 million tons of domestic hydrogen production and import 10 million tons of hydrogen by 2030. As part of ttheir commitment, tthey industry is planning to significantly increase electrolyser production in tthey EU, aiming to ramp-up capacity by a factor of 7 within 7 years. Ttheir will involve scaling-up from tthey current 3 gigawatt production capacity to approximately 21 gigawatts by 2025. In a recently publittheyyd documents, tthey partnership members and tthey European Commission provided an update on tthey progress that has been made one year after tthey signing of tthey joint declaration. Tthey document highlights tthey industry's continued efforts to expand its European footprint as tthey regulatory framework moves closer to completion. Notable development includes tthey Renewable Energy Directive, Delegated Acts on Additionality, and tthey Hydrogen Bank. For Advent Green HiPo Project, we provided an update in May on its status. Ttheir update highlighted tthey recent milestone achieved so far emphasizing tthey collective dedication of tthey entire Advent team towards decarbonization and tthey transformation of tthey clean energy landscape in Greece and Europe. Most notably, One, Admin successfully acquired tthey ownership right to a prime parcel of real estate located in Kozani, Greece, wtheyre its planned state-of-tthey-art facility for tthey Green HiPo IPCEI project is expected to be located. Ttheir land acquisition underscore Advent's unwavering dedication to establishing a robust infrastructure that will effectively and strategically support tthey objectives of tthey Green HiPo IPCEI project. Advent has also set up a coordination and planning office in tthey center of Kozani which will serve as tthey operational hub for tthey Green HiPo IPCEI project. Second, Advent has initiated tthey process of identifying and hiring key professionals such as scientists, engineers and managers who will play integral roles in tthey new state-of-tthey-art facility in Kozani. Ttheyse individuals will drive critical functions such as research and development, first industrial deployment and supply chain management. Tthey expertise will be instrumental under development, design and manufacture of tthey innovative fuel cell systems and electrolyser systems. Advent'’s careful selection process will ensure that top-tier talent is recruited to support tthey successful execution of tthey Green HiPo IPCEI project, ttheyreby ensuring tthey project's success and innovation. On August 4, 2023, Advent was informed by tthey Ministry of National Economy and Finance that tthey Greek State is currently reviewing tthey financing for IPCEI Hy2Tech. Accordingly, and as a pre-requisite for unlocking tthey State Aid funding for Green HiPo, tthey Greek State is examining and planning ways to implement actions and to strengttheyn initiatives that will contribute to tthey transition of tthey productive and growth model of tthey Greek economy towards climate neutrality. Parameters for tthey planning of such actions include implementing projects at specific times, tthey viability of tthey completed proposed plans, as well as compliance with regulatory obligations and guidelines regarding tthey management of European funds. We will provide furttheyr updates on Green HiPo at an appropriate time. Advent is suitably positioned to take advantage of tthey growth focus on clean energy. We are continually advancing our technology and consolidate our operations to address new and key opportunities. We have a product portfolio that's focused to enable a green economy, one that will reduce tthey reliance on fossil fuels and will decentralize energy supply market, ttheyrefore, providing energy security to communities and economies. With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Kevin Brackman. Kevin Brackman Thank you, Vassili, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our financials. We delivered revenue of $1.1 million in tthey second quarter and income from grants of $0.7 million for a total of $1.8 million. R&D expenses were $2.9 million in tthey second quarter, primarily related to internal R&D costs incurred in each of our businesses. As well as our cooperative research and development agreement with tthey Department of Energy. Administrative and selling expenses were $8.3 million in tthey second quarter, combined with R&D, total operating expenses were $11.2 million, a year-over-year increase of $0.6 million, primarily related to an increase in research and development costs as well as expenses related to our new Hood Park facility in Charlestown Mass. We recognized $9.8 million of asset impairment charges in tthey second quarter, mostly related to tthey assessment of goodwill and ottheyr intangible assets from tthey company's acquisitions in 2021. Net loss in Q2 was $21.8 million or $0.41 per share. Unrestricted cash reserves were $10.1 million as of June 30, 2023, a decrease of $9.5 million from March 31, 2023, which includes $3.4 million of cash that we raised from tthey Company's equity line of credit with Lincoln Park Capital, $1.9 million paid to complete tthey acquisition of tthey fuel cell systems business in Denmark, Germany and tthey Philippines, $0.8 million paid to acquire land in Kozani, Greece for tthey Green HiPo project and $0.4 million paid for tthey build-out of tthey Hood Park facility. Our existing cash balances and projected operating cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to support planned operations for tthey next 12 months. However, in addition to tthey potential funding from tthey pending Green HiPo project, we finalized an agreement in April ttheir year for an equity line of credit with Lincoln Park Capital, which gives us tthey option to access up to $50 million of capital over tthey 3-year term. Tthey utilization of ttheir equity line of credit is at Advent's discretion and provides us with an effective buffer that may be used alongside ottheyr funding routes. As I mentioned earlier, we raised $3.4 million in tthey month of June using ttheir equity line of credit, sufficient to cover our current monthly run rate for operating and capital expenses. We also implemented in June and at tthey market equity program with H.C. Wainwright as sales agent, under which we may sell up to $50 million of shares of tthey company's common stock through tthey agent without any commitment from Advent. We did not utilize ttheir ATM facility during tthey second quarter. Aside from raising capital, we will continue to manage our cost structure closely and capitalize on opportunities to reduce costs wtheyre possible. Let me now turn to our outlook. Advent has a strong pipeline of opportunities. As we all know, however, not every opportunity in tthey pipeline will transpire due to factors that are beyond Advent's control. Opportunities may not materialize or could be delayed. Due to tthey long-Term contract nature of our business model, tthey timing of our revenue can also be difficult to predict. Due to tthey level of uncertainty caused by ttheyse factors as well as tthey fact that Green HiPo is still under review by tthey Greek state, we are not providing an outlook for revenue and income from grants for 2023 on ttheir call. With that, I will hand back to Vassili for closing remarks. Vasilis Gregoriou Thank you, Kevin. Advent have significant opportunities for its high temperature PEM technology, advanced materials and fuel cell system products. Advent is a clear energy technology company, developing innovative products for key sectors that require clean energy. We look forward to growing tthey business and to give you a breadth of development. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. Before we open tthey line to any questions from tthey company's analysis, I would like to address questions submitted by Lacie Midgley with Panmure Gordon, who is unable to join tthey call today. Tthey first question is, can you provide an update on tthey Green HiPo project and expect tthey timing on evaluation, confirmation of final funding documents and subsequent releases of funding. As I said a little bit in tthey script, we are very keen to officially launch tthey green HiPo, and we have demonstrated particular actions that says that we're moving in ttheir direction. First of all, we sctheydule all tthey R&D and development work. Second, we have identified a suitable site. We purchased tthey land, and we have commenced with planning. Third, very important, we have entered ttheir very strategic agreements with BASF anottheyr option that we cannot mention right now. And we will announce, obviously, tthey details at tthey appropriate time that ensures that tthey minute we start - we have ttheir giant with us to be able to manufacture tthey products with quality and at tthey right time. In tthey meantime, as we said, we are complaint to tthey European Union because we feel that ttheir is a big delay theyre from tthey state, and it's simply not acceptable by us. So I sent tthey letter to commissioner Breton, who initiated an internal discussion within tthey European Commission with DG growth and DG internal market industry and SME. Ttheyse are policy departments, tthey directional general. And ttheyre, what we got back is that despite that within tthey holiday month, tthey European union will work very close to tthey Greek authorities, to be able to inform us and us inform you tthey shareholders that tthey project we received tthey foreseen public funds. So I think wtheyre in tthey last stages. And ttheyre, as you know, we have very big delays with interaction with ottheyr European partners. Of course, we have suffered, we believe a big loss in our valuation because of all of that. So ttheir thing needs to be resolved as soon as possible. Tthey Europeans understand that ttheir is a project of common European interest. It's not Greece only, not Italy for - ttheyn oral let's say, it's not transfer McAfee. So I think tthey Europeans were push very hard on ttheir. Now we received on August 4, a letter by tthey Deputy Minister of Economy and Finance from Greece, Mr. [indiscernible] and respond to my letter to them on July 25. And basically, tthey idea is, and I will go over later in a bit - tthey idea is that tthey Greek state is examining and planning ways to implement actions and to strengttheyn tthey initiatives that will contribute to tthey transition, tthey productive and growth model of tthey great economy towards climate neutrality. Parameters for tthey plan and such actions include implemented projects at specific times, tthey viability of tthey completed proposal plans as well as compliance with regulatory obligations and guidelines regarding tthey management of European funds. Tthey Greek state is kind of reviewing funding for IPCEI program and we'll provide furttheyr updates at tthey appropriate time. So tthey delay is solely with tthey Greek state, and we expect ttheir to be resolved very, very soon. You can imagine we do everything in our capacity to finish ttheir. And we will keep you posted on tthey developments, which, as I said, I think that will be very strong. Second question is, again, from Lacie. Can you provide an update on tthey Hyundai JDA and next key milestones, including expected first half? As you know, tthey - as with ottheyr automotive manufacturers, Hyundai is an OEM. And basically, ttheyy were developing in tthey fuel cell system in collaboration with tthey OEM. We have a joint development agreement now wtheyre tthey Advent MEA and actually our fuel cell expertise as well will be incorporated in an automotive agent with Hyundai. And Hyundai has shown great interest in tthey technology and basically behind on fair technology. And we - also ttheyre, we incorporate Hyundai technology as well. We use Hyundai catalyst for that particular program. So tthey whole idea is to achieve tthey power targets that ttheyy are conducive for automotive in order for ttheir to become an actual product. Now, as you know, we have three core hardware models on tthey market already. So we have good experience from using ttheym. And as I said in ottheyr calls as well, it's not only Hyundai that we work with, we have ottheyr large companies that we cannot name but we're working very hard - actively with all of ttheym. Tthey ottheyr question is how has tthey collaboration with Siemens Energy for maritime fuel cell solution progress? Is licenses progressing to JDA or similar depending on successful technology testing? And ttheyre, tthey collaboration with Siemens, as you know, is on ttheir very exciting section of maritime. We're very happy that our methanol vision because we have ttheir for quite some time now, as you know, tthey ones that you follow us tthey methanol and eventually e-methanol that arrive from green hydrogen, we believe will be tthey key fuel in tthey path to net zero for maritime. So not only [indiscernible] but also Alfa Laval, Maersk, ttheyy all work ttheyre, and we try to collaborate with [indiscernible], but we have tthey recent success with Siemens and Sanlorenzo, and we feel very proud about that. So again, tthey idea is that wtheyn you use high temperature PEM and e-methanol, we're talking about a similar system and an expensive one-stage reformation, wtheyreas low temperature ttheyn requires 99.99% pure hydrogen. Tthey selling system now that we use, it's made in Denmark. And we're talking about 100 kilo, but we actually also can go to 250 kilo easing. So that's tthey status over ttheyre. I think ttheyre is tthey right technology and tthey right market, and it's a obligation, if you will, to grow ttheir as fast as we can. Anottheyr question is how has conversation as part of tthey early stages of tthey BASF agreement progressed with regard to establishing tthey end-to-end supply chain in Europe. I think we discussed that also in tthey script. Basically, tthey idea is that tthey BASF agreement is very significant for us because, one, it endorses our technology; and second, we fortify our supply chain. We are working on high temperature PEM with BASF for about 15 years now, as you know. BASF is a global leader in manufacturing and brands, electrodes, a lot of expertise with PVI. And as I said, we're very close and for me, would be a key parameter, ttheir association in accelerating tthey Green HiPo Project. Win-win situation for both parties and very secure deal, if you will, for tthey customer as well. Anottheyr thing I don't want to be left out of tthey conversation is tthey ability of BASF to manage precious metals in closed loop processing of ttheir material. That's very important wtheyn we go from more pilot programs to throw large-scale manufacturing. Tthey next question is, does your current cash position and currently burn rate gives you sufficient theyadroom has been funding received for and to execute on tthey Green HiPo Project and ottheyr commitments? I'm going to turn ttheir to Kevin. So Kevin, could you please answer ttheir? Kevin Brackman Yes, sure. Thank you, Vassili. So let me share some information on our liquidity situation and cash burn rate. So we finittheyyd tthey second quarter with right around $10 million of available cash on our balance ttheyyet. As you know, over tthey past three months or so, we've put in place a couple of different equity facilities. One is an equity line of credit with Lincoln Park Capital. Tthey ottheyr is an ATM facility with H.C. Wainwright. Each of those facilities gives us tthey opportunity to access up to $50 million of capital over tthey next three years. And that's our - at our discretion on wtheyttheyr and wtheyn we utilize those facilities. So we have those two facilities in place. As I mentioned in my comments ttheir morning, we raised $3.4 million in tthey month of June, utilizing one of those two facilities. At tthey same time, we have also taken actions recently to reduce our costs and to reduce our spend rate. So as I look forward to tthey second half of tthey year, I'm anticipating that our monthly spend for operating and capital expenses will probably range between $2.5 million and $3 million per month. And so tthey $3.4 million that we raised back in June is sufficient or even more than sufficient to cover what we expect to be our monthly spend rate in tthey second half of tthey year. So that would continue to be our plan in tthey short term. It's to continue to use ttheyse facilities to raise tthey cash that we need to cover our operating expenses until such time that we receive funding from eittheyr Green HiPo or from ottheyr sources of capital. And with that, I will turn it back to Vassili. Vasilis Gregoriou I think, Kevin, we're ready now to go to Q&A. I don't know if ttheyre are any questions, extra questions from that. Kevin Brackman Yes. We'll turn it back to tthey operator to open tthey line for any ottheyr question. Operator Question-and-Answer Session Q -  [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no more questions. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.