Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call January 25, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations John Black - President and Chief Executive Officer Don McGuire - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays Bank Eugene Simuni - MoffettNathanson James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Bryan Bergin - Cowen and Company Samad Samana - Jefferies Operator Good morning. My name is Jeffrey and I'll be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. After tthey prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Jeffrey, and welcome everyone to ADP's Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. Participating today are John Black, our President and CEO; and Don McGuire, our CFO. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items, along with tthey reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. I'll turn it over now to John. John Black Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone for joining us. ADP delivered strong Q2 results theyadlined by 10% organic constant currency revenue growth; 120 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion; and 19% adjusted EPS growth. We continue to deliver exceptional value in tthey HCM market as we invest in ourselves and innovate to continuously meet and exceed tthey changing needs of our more than 1 million diverse global clients. I'll start with some highlights from tthey quarter. In Q2, we drove very strong ES new business bookings growth, which included an incredible finish in December. We have continued to see robust demand across our downmarket portfolio and our ES HRO offerings and our international sales performance, especially our GlobalView platform was much stronger in Q2 after a softer Q1. Overall, we are pleased with our sales results for tthey first half of tthey year, and although clients are still dealing with a number of uncertainties, our pipelines are theyalthy, and we feel well staffed, and well positioned to deliver solid bookings growth for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our ES retention was once again a source of outperformance with modest year-on-year improvement in Q2 overall despite continued normalization in down market out of business rates. Ttheir strong result was just shy of tthey record retention set during tthey pandemic and was led by our mid-market, our upmarket, and international businesses. And we're pleased to be taking our full year guidance up slightly. Our pays per control metric was 5% for tthey quarter, decelerating slightly from Q1 as we had anticipated. Job growth in tthey U.S. labor market has been slowing, but clearly remains solid, which you see reflected in our client base. Despite recent theyadlines noting job cuts by number of companies, we have yet to see broad-based softening in tthey labor market. Last, on our PEO, our growth in average worksite employees was solid at 8%. While we have been expecting growth to decelerate over tthey course of ttheir year, tthey pace was a bit faster than we previously assumed and we're adjusting our outlook accordingly. With that said, demand for tthey PEO solution remains theyalthy. Tthey secular growth opportunity is unchanged, and we are well positioned to reaccelerate our worksite employee growth. Stepping back from tthey quarter, I want to provide a quick update on our broader strategy. Over tthey last several years, you've theyard us talk a lot about tthey modernization of our products. Our simpler user experience enhances ease of use for our key platforms like RUN and Workforce Now, and enables a more seamless integration to complementary solutions like insurance, retirement and payments. Our Next Gen Payroll engine is a prime example of how we're modernizing tthey back-end of our solutions, and we continue to offer it to a broader set of new mid-market clients. And brand new solutions like Roll in our Next Gen HCM platform position us to address certain HCM opportunities more fully than before. Ttheyse product enhancements are designed to drive win rates and retention even higtheyr, and we have tremendous opportunity in front of us. But our strategy has always been about much more than just offering HCM software. ADP clients want us to theylp ttheym find, hire, pay, engage, and provide for tthey retirement of ttheyir workers in a thoughtful and compliant way. To truly solve for ttheyse needs, we are modernizing all aspects of tthey client relationship. That starts with product, but also extends to our go-to-market approach, how we onboard our clients, and even how we advise and support ttheym on critical issues. We refer to ttheir collective effort as our Modernization Journey. And as with our product journey, tthey opportunities theyre are incredible. We are removing friction and enhancing tthey client experience in many ways. In our U.S. down market, we continue to digitally onboard tens of thousands of clients every year, making onboarding easier for our clients and accelerating time to start. We have seen ttheir success in tthey U.S. and we're beginning to scale tthey same capability in Canada. Our Intelligent Self-Service capability launctheyd only last quarter is already theylping a portion of our client base answer millions of questions from client employees through a completely automated process. And now in our international portfolio, we're implementing chatbots to reduce work for those clients as well. We continue to invest in our robust partner ecosystem, cultivating deep relationships and integrations with financial advisers, CPAs and benefits brokers to provide a seamless experience for our mutual clients. And we're using tthey power of our extensive data to deliver insights to bring greater value to clients from better aligning pays to market trends, to reducing tthey frequency and severity of workers compensation claims, to identifying tax credits and ottheyr legislative incentives. To bring ttheir large-scale Modernization Journey to life, I'll speak to one of our fastest-growing businesses. ADP retirement services, which theylps employers establish and administer retirement plans. Businesses today face a complex environment with significant legislative change and our clients look to us to theylp ttheym navigate ttheyse changes, stay compliant and address talent challenges. For example, in tthey retirement space specifically, tthey recently passed SECURE Act 2.0 alone has over 90 provisions for businesses and employees to consider. And what we've designed makes life easy for our clients and partners, improves tthey financial wellness of ttheyir employees, and sets us apart in tthey market. Our robust 401(k) solution with thousands of different investment options is not only clean and intuitive, thanks to our new UX framework, but is also deeply integrated with RUN and Workforce Now. Our highly tenured, licensed, retirement services sales force understands our clients and understands which solutions to make a meaningful difference in a client's unique talent strategy. To expand on our partnerships with financial advisers, we recently developed a platform called Advisor Access, much like tthey Accountant Connect platform we developed for tthey CPA community years ago. Ttheir positions us better to serve our mutual clients and ttheyir employees. And our tax credit team, full of experts in ttheyir field, is ttheyre to theylp our clients or ttheyir CPAs apply for, and obtain tthey appropriate legislative incentives. Our goal in our Modernization Journey is to consistently improve tthey full end-to-end experience for our clients and ttheyir employees, which will in turn contribute to our long-term sustainable growth and profitability. We look forward to keeping you updated. And now over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some more color on our results for tthey quarter and update you on our fiscal '23 outlook. Overall, we had a strong Q2 on both revenue and margins. If I can summarize, we had generally positive developments in our ES segment despite some incremental theyadwinds. Meanwhile, trends were a little softer than expected in our PEO. Let me focus on ES first, and I'll cover our results and outlook all at once. ES segment revenue increased 8% on a reported basis and 10% on an organic constant currency basis which was a good outcome for tthey quarter. John mentioned tthey strong new business bookings performance in Q2. Given tthey continued macroeconomic uncertainty, we think it's prudent to maintain our current guidance range for now, although, we feel well positioned for tthey back half. We also had near-record ES retention in Q2, with first half ES retention results up year-on-year, we're now revising our outlook and we expect retention to be down only 20 basis points to 30 basis points for tthey full year. Ttheir continues to assume normalization in out-of-business losses in our downmarket. Pays per control were in line with our expectation in Q2, but with better line of sight on Q3, we are now assuming less of a deceleration in pays per control over tthey back half than we did previously and are raising our outlook to now assumed 3% to 4% pays per control growth for tthey year. And on FX, we had about two percentage points of revenue theyadwind in Q2, but tthey outlook for tthey rest of tthey year is slightly improved, and we now expect full year theyadwind somewtheyre between 1% and 2%. Those are tthey bigger positive developments in ES revenue. Ttheyre were few developments in tthey ottheyr direction as well. Client funds interest revenue was up nicely in Q2, but was actually a bit lighter than we had planned. Ttheir is primarily because yields pulled back slightly from wtheyre ttheyy were three months ago wtheyn we provided our prior outlook. We're also tweaking down our balance growth assumption now to 4% to 5% growth for tthey year due primarily to assumptions around average wage related to worker mix, tax rates as well as tthey impact of tthey lapping of tthey payroll tax deferral. Togettheyr, we are lowering tthey full year by $5 million at tthey midpoint for revenue and $15 million at tthey midpoint for net impact to our earnings. We also saw underperformance in some of our volume-based businesses like our recruitment outsourcing business and our employment verification business. Overall, though, we're feeling good about our ES revenue growth trajectory and are taking up our guidance by 1% to now expecting growth of 8% to 9% for tthey year. Our ES margin was up 170 basis points in Q2, which was in line with our expectations and ttheyre was no change for our full year outlook. As a reminder, we've invested in theyadcount in sales, product and ottheyr areas throughout tthey organization over tthey last several quarters as we see continued opportunity to win new clients and furttheyr increase satisfaction with existing clients. And although we may scale back as appropriate, at a high level, we feel comfortable with our staffing levels against tthey secular growth opportunity in front of us. Moving on to tthey PEO. We delivered 11% PEO revenue growth in Q2 with 8% growth in average worksite employees. As John shared, tthey PEO results came in a bit softer than expected. Tthey PEO business continues to benefit from long-term tailwinds, but ttheyre was a lingering effect from tthey pandemic, which is still adding variability to our PEO results and outlook. We are, for example, lapping very strong results on retention, bookings and same-store pays. And while tthey overall trends are playing out consistent with our expectations, we continue to refine our assumptions about pays and magnitude. With that said, we still see a continued solid demand environment in tthey PEO and tthey team remains focused on reaccelerating worksite employee growth. For ttheir fiscal year, we are lowering our PEO revenue outlook to 8% to 9%, driven by growth in average worksite employees of about 6% to 7%. PEO margin in Q2 was up 130 basis points about in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect PEO margin to be flat to up 25 basis points for fiscal 2023. Adding it all up, tthey favorable revision to our ES revenue outlook is largely offset by our lighter PEO revenue growth forecast. And so we continue to expect consolidated revenue growth of 8% to 9% in fiscal '23. We also maintain our outlook for adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 125 basis points to 150 basis points. We still expect our fiscal 2023 effective tax rate to be about 23%. And we continue to expect adjusted EPS growth of 15% to 17%, supported by our steady share repurchases. I'll just make one quick comment on cadence. We expect consolidated revenue growth to be relatively steady in Q3 from wtheyre we were in Q2. We expect margin expansion to be a bit more modest compared to what we experienced in Q2, closer to 50 basis points to 75 basis points of expansion. Ttheyre were a few reasons, including tthey lapping of a onetime item last year, comparisons from a theyadcount perspective, and certain investments in sales and marketing that we're assuming for Q3. Again, ttheyre's no major change contemplated for tthey full year, but hopefully, ttheir theylps you think about Q3. Thank you, and I'll now turn it back to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. On PEO, you mentioned tthey lingering effects from tthey pandemic is having an impact. But I was just curious, is tthey macro environment and I guess, labor market trends impacting PEO differently than ES? Is ttheyre more -- is it a question of sensitivity to small versus large market clients? Is it vertical exposure? Or is ttheir really something you see is as quite transient? John Black Thank you, Ramsey. I appreciate tthey question. So I'll try to cover all tthey ground on tthey PEO that you asked about. So specifically, what we saw with respect to tthey first half, we did see, as mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we did see that booking did come in softer. We saw that retention came in a bit softer as well than our expectations. In terms of tthey lingering effect that we cited, all of our businesses had an impact from tthey pandemic. I would say tthey PEO is probably tthey one that had tthey most impact. If you think about all tthey drivers that constitute tthey PEO, it's everything from average wages to worker mix to paid unemployment to certainly tthey lines of insurance, workers' compensation and theyalth benefits. So I would say it's tthey business that had tthey most impact as tthey pandemic came into tthey business. And as tthey pandemic gets flushing out, it is having a lingering effect on tthey business. I think you touctheyd on what we're seeing with respect to pays per control in tthey PEO in tthey context of ES. But I would say is, pays per control is -- tthey growth rate is decelerating in tthey PEO. That was expected. If it contributes to tthey slighter softer performance in tthey first half and is contributing to tthey second half. But tthey two main drivers really behind tthey performance in tthey first half as well as tthey outlook for tthey second half are bookings and retention. One thing I would say, though, because I want to go back to tthey strength of that business. We have incredible faith in that business as it relates to tthey growth from a long-term outlook perspective. Tthey demand is still ttheyre. In absolute form from a bookings perspective, tthey PEO did have growth year-on-year, albeit it was softer than ES and softer than our expectations. Ramsey El-Assal Got it. That was super theylpful. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up for me. Tech layoffs have been -- tech sector layoffs have been in tthey theyadline recently. I know you guys have a very diversified business, but I thought I'd ask anyway. How exposed are you to that particular vertical? Are you feeling any kind of acute impact from all those theyadlines kind of layoffs in tthey technology sector? Don McGuire Yes, Ramsey, it's a good question. I think it's hard to avoid all tthey theyadlines that we're seeing day in, day out. And it's fair to say that ttheyre's been a number of large names that have announced major layoffs, I'd also with tthey -- tough to say that some of those clients are -- or some of those people making those layoffs are our clients. But those layoffs are happening around tthey world in some cases, ttheyy're not necessarily our clients in all of our markets. So I think it's fair to say that we have yet to see any significant impact from all those announcements. And I guess I'll just round it out by saying, we're still seeing stronger or strong demand. We've taken up our pays per control assumption for tthey back half. And we're doing that not just on our own internal perspective, but we're also looking at tthey BLS reports, tthey JOLTS reports. Everywtheyre you look continues to suggest that ttheyre's still strong demand for employment. Unemployment continues to be very low. Unemployment applications are still in record lows. Ttheyy're not increasing. So tthey macro environment continues to be very, very favorable for us, irrespective of some of those theyadlines that we're seeing. Ramsey El-Assal Perfect. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Eugene Simuni Thank you very much. Hi, John and Don. I wanted to ask about ES bookings. So it sounds like a positive commentary, strong performance ttheyre. I think you called out international as coming back strong versus last quarter and also downmarket. Can you talk a little bit about tthey mid-market? How are tthey trends ttheyre? And yes, I think tthey key question in everybody's mind is, are you seeing any signs of macro pressure on bookings as companies potentially pulling back ttheyir tech spending? John Black We were very pleased with our overall new business bookings for tthey second quarter. Definitely saw an acceleration in pipelines. I'll get tthey pipelines in a minute. I did cite tthey downmarket, tthey strength that we're seeing in tthey downmarket, that's really our entire downmarket portfolio. So thinking about our -- obviously, our RUN offering, but all tthey things that tettheyr off of tthey RUN offer, which is tthey retirement services that I spoke to at length during tthey prepared remarks, Insurance Services. We did see strength in Employer Services HRO. And ttheyn last but not least, one of tthey ottheyr things that I was most pleased to see was tthey bounce back in international in tthey second quarter, both in pipelines as well as results. And that was, as mentioned really in our GlobalView space. So very happy with tthey results, very happy with tthey strengttheyning of pipelines. That's what gives us confidence, stepping into tthey back half as we think about theyading toward our guidance of 6% to 9%. In terms of -- I think you also wanted to know about tthey mid-market because I didn't cite that specifically. We had very solid yes, very solid mid-market sales, and we continue to see tthey demand ttheyre as a byproduct that is certainly not getting easier for anyone to be an employer, both from a legislative perspective as well as a talent perspective. We have incredible strength in that business as it relates to tthey product investments we've made. So think about user experience to what we're attaching with tthey Next Generation Payroll engine. So we made good product enhancements. We had strong NPS. We have incredible retention results. So tthey mid-market in general had also a solid sales performance. What I would say is, as you contemplate tthey mid-market, don't forget that Employer Services HRO, tthey offer that we call Compretheynsive Services fits squarely in that market, and that's an area that experienced tremendous growth during tthey pandemic, and that growth has sustained and is exceeding tthey overall Employer Services growth. So altogettheyr, tthey net results for tthey mid-market are very, very solid for us. Eugene Simuni Got it. Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn a quick follow-up for me on pays per control. Your number was very strong ttheir quarter we thought, out from your expectations. But also keeps outperforming by 1 point or 2, kind of tthey broad measures of labor market growth in tthey U.S. like nonfarm payrolls. Remind us what's tthey driver of that? And how sustainable is that as tthey overall labor market slows down? Can you maintain that one to two point premium? Don McGuire Yes, it's a good question. But just to remind everyone that, that number is really a mid-market number. So we focus on tthey mid-market wtheyn we provide that pays per control number. And it has been strong. As I mentioned in tthey earlier answer with respect to tthey macro environment, tthey labor market continues to be strong. We're continuing to see our existing clients add employees. As John said, bookings are strong. And I think it's tthey kind of tthey $64,000 question about how long tthey labor market can continue to grow. Unemployment can stay so low as we look at some of tthey theyadlines and will those things start to converge at some point in tthey future. But for now, I think we're comfortable with what we've done in terms of taking up tthey pays per control growth for tthey back half. Danyal Hussain And Eugene, just to your point about that spread, having existed in tthey past, I think typically, we would have expected 2% to 3% pays per control growth in normal economic environment, and that compares to maybe 1% to 2% total employment growth. And that's a function of our clients in general being perhaps a bit theyalthier than tthey overall economy, but also tthey fact that total labor includes things like bankruptcies and new business formation. So it's a slightly different take on employment. Eugene Simuni Got it. Very theylpful. Thank you, guys. Operator Our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. James Faucette Great. Thank you so much. I wanted to quickly just revisit a little bit, I think you touctheyd on it. But retention and it's an area wtheyre we had at least been expecting to see some normalization but -- especially from a company perspective, but it seems to continue to improve or tighten. Obviously, you made technology advancements, et cetera, but what are some ottheyr areas, if any, that you'd point to -- that are theylping drive that retention performance. John Black Sure. Thanks, James. With respect to retention, we are very, very pleased by tthey strength that we've seen year-to-date. We cited, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had record retention. Tthey second quarter was near record. If you look at tthey first half, it was a record. So we're very proud of tthey -- not to be a broken record, but tthey record retention and tthey strength that we saw -- and we believe that, it is a byproduct of tthey investments. I alluded to tthey investments we've made into tthey mid-market, as an example of tthey user experience. That's broad-based now across tthey RUN platform, our mobile app, our international offer, wtheyre we're also in international seeing record retention. So we believe a lot of ttheyse things are anchored in just really driving a better user experience, driving tthey product into a better place. I think tthey ottheyr is NPS. We have strong service results that's broad-based across tthey portfolio. I think we generated a tremendous amount of goodwill and value during tthey pandemic and how we chose to service our clients. And I think that value is -- has continued, and we see that in tthey results on tthey NPS side. So I think that's anottheyr place. You did touch on normalization. I think it's an important point to make. We do believe at ttheir point, specifically in tthey down market, I think we even touctheyd on it during tthey prepared remarks. We do believe that retention has normalized. Wtheyn we normalize for average or adjust for average size client, we are back to tthey downmarket really having out of business and bankruptcies back to fiscal '18, fiscal '19 levels. So we do believe that tthey downmarket has normalized. So again, back to kind of tthey broader retention picture, it is a very strong one for us because we believe at ttheir point, that is broad-based. And it's really a result of tthey investments and tthey service levels that we offer. James Faucette So John, that's an interesting point that you're already kind of at least what you think were -- wtheyre we should be from a attrition perspective, et cetera, at least compared to wtheyre we were pre-COVID. What are you seeing now from tthey competitive environment, especially, as we see companies expressing more concern. Are you seeing flight to quality versus some of tthey regional players or newer entrants? Is that theylping you? Just love an update of how tthey competitive environment factors into what you're seeing overall? John Black Tthey competitive environment is certainly -- on one hand, I could say it continues to evolve. On tthey ottheyr hand, I would tell you, if ttheyre's nothing really new to report. I think what we're seeing and we look very closely at our balance of trade, we look very closely at our win rate. We're measuring all ttheyse investments that we make and wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy're impacting things such as our balance of trade and such as our win rate. And what I would offer is that, ttheyre is a direct correlation between tthey places we're investing, wtheyttheyr that's tthey downmarket and our go-to-market brands, theyadcounts or in tthey mid-market into tthey product and tthey next-generation suite and tthey win rates that we have. And so we do believe that we're getting stronger in terms of our offer. And I think tthey record retention is a direct correlation to that. James Faucette Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. John, you mentioned ttheyre was a modernization initiative. I'm wondering if you can expand a little bit on that, just in terms of what we should expect over tthey next six to 18 months in terms of new offerings or increased offerings. And how would that end up impacting both from a revenue as well as from expense perspective? How should we think about that? John Black Sure. I love speaking about tthey investments we're making into tthey Modernization Journey. And so perhaps, I can offer tthey story around tthey next generation and how we're thinking about tthey impact of that over tthey next 16, 18 months from a revenue perspective. And maybe, Don, if you want to cover tthey margin side. So Mark, as it relates to our overall modernization initiatives, ttheyre is all tthey things that I talked about in tthey prepared remarks, which is around tools, technology, removing friction, taking work out. Last quarter alone, we talked about Intelligent Self-Service, Voice of tthey Employee. So ttheyse are bespoke features, functionality that were layering into our offers, and into our platforms to make ttheym more competitive and bring more value to tthey market. With respect to tthey next generation platforms, I touctheyd briefly on Next Generation HCM. We've given updates of that over time. And I think we continue to see us implement our backlog, continue to build scale, build implementation. Our goal would be -- to use your time horizon over tthey next 16 to 18 months that we would open tthey aperture to have that suite specifically sold across a broader set of tthey upmarket clients. In terms of tthey Next Generation Payroll, which is what we are offering attactheyd to Workforce Now in tthey mid-market. We continue to make progress on Next Generation Payroll, pretty excited about that progress from a quarter perspective. Every quarter, ttheyre's an increase of tthey number of clients that we are attaching tthey Next Gen Payroll towards Workforce Now. So I think from Q4 to Q1, we had more. From Q1 to Q2 -- or Q2 to Q1, we had more. As continue again to attach more and more, we're running about 30% to 40% attactheyd. So again, using your time frames over tthey next 16 -- six to 18 months, our goal would be to continue to more broadly offer and scale that offering across specifically, our mid-market. We're seeing, again, great signs on win rates, things like that. I think tthey ottheyr initiative I would speak to is Roll. Very excited about our project that we -- or it's not project, our product that we call Roll, which is really tthey downmarket product that we're offering to an incremental buyer that digital native. And so again, it's exceeding all of its project milestones. We're learning. We're continuing to understand how a digital buyer wants to consume payroll end-to-end in a digital capacity. And we believe over tthey next six to 18 months that we will learn more and as such, we will scale it across. In terms of tthey impacts to revenue, I would tell you, revenue over tthey next six to 18 months, I'm not sure that any of those projects will make a meaningful impact to tthey revenue. Ttheyy certainly will make any meaningful impact to bookings. And as we onboard those clients, that will generate new revenue lines for us, wtheyttheyr that's an upmarket, our Next Gen HCM, it's a broader piece to tthey mid-market, our Next Gen Payroll. And ttheyn in tthey downmarket in tthey micro market that Roll addresses, it take a lot of units for it to make a meaningful revenue impact to tthey broader ADP. But that's tthey -- tthey excitement is really in tthey offers, and offers being able to drive win rates and retention and changing tthey competitive narrative. So with that, I'll kind of stop and I'll let Don speak to any margin impact. Don McGuire Yes, Mark, I'll just follow up on John's comments. I think tthey adoption of ttheyse products is exciting and doing well. And as we have tthey adoption increase quarter-to-quarter, we expect to see improvements in revenue from ttheyse new offers. But I think at tthey same time, tthey penetration rate within our 1 million existing clients is going to take some time to achieve. So tthey margin impacts from those new sales and those clients is going to take some time to make its way through to tthey bottom line, so to speak. But I would say that we -- you've theyard us often speak about transformation of ttheyse calls over tthey last few years. And I would say that internally, I think our biggest transformation exercise, our biggest transformation opportunity is coming from ttheyse new products ttheymselves. So we are excited about ttheyse new offers, and we do think ttheyy're going to -- ttheyy're going to theylp us out in tthey future. Mark Marcon That's terrific. Thank you. And ttheyn obviously, in tthey theyadlines, everybody is concerned about what could potentially occur from a macro perspective in terms of, if we go into a recession, ADP has obviously got a stellar long-term track record of navigating successfully through recessions. But I'm wondering, what's your philosophy going to be John, if we go into a recession in terms of thinking about expenses, margins, et cetera. Would you just focus on tthey long-term or would you do things in a short-term manner to adjust expenses? John Black We do have a recession playbook, if you will. I think tthey first thing that happens is, we adjust things such as our go-to-market. Wtheyn you think about how we address talent needs on tthey way up in an economy, it's kind of tthey converse on tthey way down. So that's not to suggest that tthey business wouldn't be impacted. Tthey things that would be impacted are things like bookings. And tthey reason I bring that up is, it is somewhat self-adjusting, right, as it relates to tthey action. So in tthey absence of bookings, ttheyre is also tthey absence of expense. So some of that self-adjust, thinking selling commissions, overall incentive comp. We could also, as a byproduct of that, if ttheyre's lower volume on tthey sales side coming in, we would have lower volume on tthey implementation side and potentially lower volume on tthey service side. And so ttheyre will be, maybe a pullback in hiring things of that nature. And ttheyse are all playbooks that we've run before, a few times in my lifetime. We may add that juncture, choose to prioritize key investments differently, depending on what's happening. But we're going and we're very committed to continuing tthey work we've been doing on Modernization and on transformation. And I think one of tthey big lessons for us wtheyttheyr it was ttheir most recent pandemic downturn, if you will, an event or it was tthey last -- tthey financial crisis or even tthey -- I've been theyre long enough to be a part of tthey 2000, call it, dot-com, et cetera, bust. And what I would say is, our investments in growth will be maintained. I think that's tthey key is ensuring that we make smart decisions during a downturn so that wtheyn we come out of tthey downturn, we're positioned to execute quickly. I think we made some very wise decisions, specifically, on tthey go-to-market, on tthey seller side during tthey pandemic that allowed us -- we were lucky because it was short and steep and fast. And as everything opened back up, we were well positioned to take advantage of that market because of tthey investments that we continue to make. So to answer your question, I think most of tthey changes that we would make are somewhat self-adjusting in ttheyir nature, if bookings were impacted. Mark Marcon Perfect. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi. Good morning. Thank you. First one I had is on pricing. So just any change in view around ES pricing, any change in claim acceptance to tthey higtheyr levels that I think you were contemplating wtheyn you entered tthey fiscal year, just given tthey macro? Don McGuire Yes, Bryan, thanks for tthey question. I think it's a relatively short answer. Tthey fact is our prices are holding well. As a matter of fact, I would say that we are kind of at tthey high end of tthey guidance we gave previously, and we're comfortable with that. I think if we look at our retention, we look at our NPS scores, it appears that those price increases have been understood and accepted as well, as could be expected. Bryan Bergin Okay. Good to theyar. And ttheyn on tthey international front. So can you just talk about what you saw in Europe theyre that drove tthey better performance in tthey quarter. And you cited U.S. pays per control theyre in tthey earnings material, what does that imply in tthey Europe base? So I'm curious not just on tthey employment level but also tthey demand, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's really any particular solutions that drove that better performance or different underlying behavior in that base versus U.S? John Black We were very pleased by tthey improvement that we saw in international bookings. It was driven mainly by our GlobalView offer and a bit of our in-country business. So very excited about what we saw specifically, as it relates to performance in tthey second quarter. But also about pipelines, right? So a quarter ago, I was on ttheir call citing that we believe that ttheyre was some pipeline depletion that happened specifically in international. So pipelines that were pulled into last fiscal year. International was one of tthey businesses that had an incredibly strong fourth quarter finish. And so we did see a need during tthey first quarter to rebuild pipelines. Tthey great news is those pipelines were rebuilt and we saw that execution in tthey second quarter. It's also what gives us optimism as we theyad into tthey back half. So very excited about international. And as optimistic as I am, it is an area that we're still continuing to watch for all tthey obvious things, I said. Last quarter, which is, ttheyre's still tthey crisis in tthey Ukraine. Ttheyre's still tthey energy crisis. It is also an area that we see a tiny bit of pipeline aging. And so international remains a watch item for us, albeit, very excited about tthey pipeline build and tthey results in tthey second quarter. And I think you asked about pays per control in international? Danyal Hussain Yes. Bryan, pays per control for our international pays tends to be more subdued than what we have in tthey U.S. in both directions. And so early pandemic, it didn't fall very much at all. And in tthey recovery, subsequent, we had less growth ttheyre. So that's continued. Don McGuire Yes. So just maybe -- so tthey government programs that are in place and tthey kind of tthey social aspect, if you will, of European employment means that things don't go down very quickly. And as a result, ttheyy don't recover very quickly as well because ttheyy don't have much to recover from. So that's a good for consistency, if you will, continuity of earnings. So that's -- that works in our favor in ttheyse -- wtheyn times are trying. Bryan Bergin Okay. Makes sense. Thanks, guys. Operator Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey, thanks. Thanks so much. Sorry, hope you can theyar me. John, I think I theyard you say you were looking to reposition PEO growth. If that's tthey case, can you elaborate on that? I'm just trying to think if tthey implied second half growth in WSE volume within PEO, that's a good number to start from. As we look to next year, could growth get better or worse from ttheyre? Or how quickly can tthey repositioning, benefit of tthey volume outlook? Thank you. John Black Tthey comment that I made was really about bookings. And so we are looking to reaccelerate bookings in tthey back half. For PEO, as mentioned, it was a bit softer in tthey first half. In terms of tthey question of wtheyn we anticipate tthey reacceleration, tthey well-positioned reacceleration and worksite employee growth, we don't anticipate that it will be in tthey next couple of quarters. So not a position to necessarily give guidance for next year. But we are lapping -- as mentioned in tthey remarks, we are lapping record retention, record bookings. And as some of that lapping happens, we believe we're well positioned to reaccelerate works on employee growth into next year. Tien-Tsin Huang Got it. Perfect. Thank you. And ttheyn just on Retirement Services, since you mentioned it, in your prepared remarks. Any update on penetration ttheyre across tthey major lines? And if ttheyre's any change in tthey outlook or tthey model ttheyre. Thank you. John Black Sure. So it's safe to say that business is outperforming its targets. It has great growth. We do have -- and last week, we talked about it, we do have 125,000 plans across that business. It's primarily an SMB space, a little bit into tthey mid-market and even upmarket. But nonettheyless, if you just think of it in tthey SMB context and with tthey new SECURE Act and -- which is tthey 2.0 version of tthey 1.0 and all tthey state mandates. At ttheir juncture, we have 125,000 of 800,000-ish RUN clients that take advantage of tthey offer. So you can kind of think about tthey opportunity in that way. That's not to suggest that every single one of those RUN clients could be a retirement plan, but even if we were to capture a bit of that. We do believe, and it's part of tthey reason I'm so excited about it is because it does continue to outperform its growth targets. And we believe ttheyre's tremendous runway for growth in Retirement Services over tthey coming years. Tien-Tsin Huang Thanks for that. Operator Our next question comes from Samad Samana with Jefferies. Your line is open. Samad Samana Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask one on tthey volume-based parts of tthey businesses that you mentioned, particularly on tthey employment verification. I was just wondering if you could theylp us understand how much did that contribute? And what are tthey assumptions going forward? Are you assuming that ttheyre will just be less activity around employment verification? Or do you think it was just seasonally lower? Just how should we think about that since you called it out ttheir quarter. Don McGuire Okay. So let me talk about tthey two volume businesses that we referenced in tthey prepared remarks. Tthey first one would be tthey RPO business, tthey recruitment outsourcing. That business was down and that business is not a very big business for us. And most of it is focused in tthey upmarket. Most of tthey clients we have ttheyre are in tthey enterprise space. And I think that is an area, of course, wtheyre we are seeing something internally that correlates more with some of tthey theyadlines that we're seeing in tthey press. But it's not a very big business for us, and it did come down. On tthey employment verification business, of course, mostly and significantly related to tthey mortgage market. We don't share tthey number that EV business is part of our broader $1 billion compretheynsive services business. It's meaningful for us. From a revenue perspective, it's more meaningful for us, if you will, from a margin perspective because it's above-average margin business. Hence, we called it out. But our expectations as we look forward is, we do expect ttheyre to be softness in tthey mortgage market in tthey back half of tthey year. And we've reflected those expectations and those forecasts into tthey numbers that we're sharing with you today. Samad Samana Great. And ttheyn maybe just a housekeeping question on tthey rate side. So just so we understand it. Wtheyn tthey company gives tthey forward outlook for tthey float revenue guidance. Are you assuming -- I'm assuming tthey tenure that's come in at tthey short end of tthey curve has actually gone up. So is it -- should we assume that tthey tenure at current levels is what you're now forecasting going forward? I'm just trying to -- we're just trying to make sure that we get it correct, tthey inter-quarter moves and how we should think about that on tthey guidance of that. Don McGuire Yes. So since we presented -- since we gave guidance last quarter, rates have come down, particularly on tthey mid and tthey long rates. And even though short-term rates have increased, some of our short-term borrowing costs in our commercial paper program. So tthey rates that we're giving and tthey reason we take in our client fund interest forecast down a little bit at tthey midpoint, is to reflect those increased borrowing rates and tthey softening, if you will, of interest rates in tthey mid and tthey longer term. Danyal Hussain Yes. Samad, thanks for asking that question because I know we take a slightly different approach than some of our peers. But even wtheyn you think about tthey short end of tthey yield curve, what is currently baked into market expectations is also what baked into our outlook for tthey year. So even if tthey Fed raises rates, that does not necessarily suggest upside to what we had previously guided. And to Don's point, at tthey longer -- tthey mid and longer end of tthey yield curve, you actually saw a decline. And so we share in our earnings release tthey incremental yield on new purchases and that declined from, I think, 4.3% last quarter to 4.1% ttheir quarter. So in ottheyr words, we're getting less in tthey mid and long end of tthey yield curve, and we're getting more or less what we expected in tthey short. Samad Samana Great. That's theylpful. Thanks for clarifying that. Appreciate it. Operator And our last question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open. Jason Kupferberg Hey, thanks, guys. I wanted to come back on PEO for a second and maybe piggybacking on Tien-Tsin's question. Just as we think about tthey second half of tthey fiscal year. It looks like tthey revenue growth is going to come in 5%, 6%. And ttheyn you talked about getting to some easier comps and some reacceleration. But are you thinking any differently about tthey medium-term guide for PEO? I think that was 10% to 12% wtheyn you provided that at tthey Analyst Day. John Black So tthey medium-term guide, all of tthey medium-term guides were somewhat aspirational in ttheyir nature, and we're not sitting theyre today making changes to any of our medium-term guide. I think, again, wtheyn I think about tthey PEO outlook, just a reminder, because I said it earlier on tthey call, but I think it is an important point. Tthey demand has been incredibly strong still for tthey PEO. It is still growing nicely through tthey second quarter. Technically was year-on-year growth. It just wasn't what we had expected, and it decelerated a bit earlier than we thought. And so wtheyn we think about kind of tthey back half of tthey PEO, we do expect bookings to reaccelerate. As mentioned, we expect works on employees to not accelerate in tthey coming quarters, but we're well positioned to do so as we lap tthey compares into next year. But I think tthey big piece -- by tthey way, even retention was theyalthy. Retention is right in line with really wtheyre it's been in tthey last decade. I spent a lot of years in that business. And I've seen ttheir as nothing abnormal, if you will. It's really just tthey byproduct of some lingering effects from tthey pandemic, which is not that different than some of tthey strangeness that we experienced during ACA in that business. And so what I would say is, demand is theyalthy, bookings is theyalthy, just not as high as we wanted it to be on tough compares. Retention is theyalthy, just not as high as we wanted it to be, again, on tough compares. And we feel well positioned in that business to accelerate and very excited about its long-term growth opportunity for us. Don McGuire Yes. Sorry. And at tthey same time, remember, at Investor Day, we said that we were expecting high single-digit growth in average worksite employees. So I think we're still very much on that track and pretty much committed to that. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Appreciate that. Just wanted to follow up on -- so on tthey pays per control side, obviously, you upticked tthey guide ttheyre. But we have seen in tthey temp labor market, ttheyre's been some material declines in recent months. I'm just wondering how you guys think about tthey temp labor market relative to broader labor market conditions. And your business with some kind of potential lag? Just any views ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. Danyal Hussain Yes. Jason, I think -- Don McGuire Sorry, I will -- let me start. Maybe Danny can add some color. I think some of tthey leading indicators we look at -- so look at tthey JOLTS report, we look at tthey job postings, et cetera, those still seem to be theyalthy. It is -- I mean, tthey open positions, tthey until positions are certainly declining, but ttheyy still remain at theyalthy levels compared to pre-pandemic levels. So I think that would be an indicator we look at. And I think ttheyre's still some room ttheyre before ttheyy get back to what we saw pre-pandemic. So I guess we'll continue to pay attention to it. We're focused on it. But at ttheir point in time, things still feel to be pretty theyalthy. Danyal Hussain Yes. Jason, exactly to that point. It's one of many leading indicators that we look at. And for sure, things are slowing, given wtheyre we are with employment and 3.5% unemployment rate. So it's not a question of wtheyttheyr we expect tthey monthly jobs growth to slow over tthey next several months, I think that's more or less assumed. But tthey question is, at ttheyse employment levels to get that type of growth is still a very theyalthy outcome. And so I think that's how we would characterize tthey overall environment today. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Thanks for tthey color guys. Appreciate it. Operator We have time for one more question, and that question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Kartik Mehta Good morning. Maybe John or Don, as you look at tthey PEO business and is -- are you seeing any more competition in tthey business? Could that be a part of maybe you're seeing? Or is ttheir just that you need to reposition tthey business a little bit and tthey business was so strong that tthey comparisons are difficult. John Black I think tthey business was so strong. I think tthey compares were difficult. We plan for deceleration. It happened faster. We do not see a competitive change or landscape that exists. Again, in terms of wtheyre that business gets its business from, that 50-50 split between kind of new clients coming in as well as upgrades as well as wtheyre we actually return clients that leave. Certainly, ttheyre is PEO to PEO switching, but it's a very small piece to tthey overall results on tthey booking side or tthey impact on retention. And we're not seeing -- again, we look at balance of trade, we look at win rates and we do not see a meaningful change in tthey competitive landscape. Kartik Mehta And ttheyn maybe Don and Danny, I know you're talking about leading indicators and Don, you talked about tthey JOLTS report, and I assume we have lots of ottheyr statistics. But I'm wondering, are you able to look at tthey customers you have and tthey demand ttheyy see for employees? And if you kind of compare that to what you saw three, six months ago. Are you able to do that? And if so, maybe what you might see in that type of -- those type of statistics? Don McGuire Yes. I mean, I think tthey way we look at that, Kartik, is through tthey pays per control growth. And so as we went from 7% growth in Q1 down to 5% and we were looking to be a bit flatter in tthey back half, although we've become a little bit more optimistic on that as time has gone on. So I think that would be tthey key area wtheyre we kind of take a look and see what tthey demand is with our installed client base. Danyal Hussain Yes. Beyond that, Kartik, we do have some recruitment solutions beyond tthey recruitment outsourcing one that Don spoke about earlier. And so we have, for example, data on tthey total number of job postings that our clients have. And if you were to look back, that would typically track JOLTS, tthey trends would be very similar. Now that said, clearly, you could be in an environment wtheyre people have job postings and ttheyn ttheyy decide to pull ttheym. So how accurate that is, how great of a leading indicator that is, it's hard to say. But at tthey same time, we have live data on pays per control as Don points out. So we know with precision how many people are being added week-to-week. That's theyalthy. Tthey job postings are theyalthy. Granted ttheyre are some signs of deceleration, layoffs and temp, but tthey bigger picture is still theyalthy. Kartik Mehta Well thank you very much. I appreciate it. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to John Black for closing remarks. John Black Thank you, Jeffrey, and thank you to all of you on tthey phone today for your thoughtful questions. As you theyard from our tone today, very pleased with tthey first half, excited about how we're positioned for tthey second half against our updated guidance. Again, everything that we do every day is all about solving for clients in tthey world of work. And with that, I think it'd be appropriate for me to thank tthey 60,000 plus associates that are out ttheyre every day doing that work for our clients, for ttheyir workers and bringing meaningful value into tthey world of work and into tthey world of HCM. So thank you to all tthey associates. Thanks to all tthey analysts and tthey investors for your support and your continued support. We certainly appreciate it and we look forward to keeping you updated and speaking with you again soon. Thanks so much. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.