Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations Carlos Rodriguez - President and Chief Executive Officer Ryan Winters - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mark Marcon - Baird Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays David Togut - Evercore ISI Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Billy Ellis - MoffettNathanson Steven Wald - Morgan Stanley Operator Good morning. My name is Crystal and I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining ADP’s fourth quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call and webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Ryan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Tthey earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompany today’s call as well as our quarterly theirtory of revenue and pre-tax earnings by reportable segment. During our call today, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to ttheyir most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our earnings release. Today’s call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. As always, please do not theysitate to reach out should you have any questions. And with that, let me now turn tthey call over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Dany and thank you everyone for joining tthey call. Ttheir morning, we reported our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results. Although we ended tthey year – ttheir year against significant theyadwinds related to COVID-19, we believe we executed well over tthey course of tthey last 12 months. And our product offerings remain well positioned to support sustainable long-term revenue growth as we continue to theylp companies and ttheyir workforces through all types of environments. For tthey quarter, we delivered revenue of $3.4 billion, down 3% reported and 2% organic constant currency, which was better than our expectations. And for tthey full year, we delivered revenue of $14.6 billion, up 3% reported and 4% organic constant currency. Our adjusted EBIT margin increased 10 basis points in tthey quarter and increased 60 basis points for tthey full year, well atheyad of our expectations as we managed our expense base prudently to absorb tthey impact of a decline in revenue in tthey fourth quarter, while simultaneously providing an elevated level of service to our clients. With ttheir revenue and margin performance, our adjusted EPS growth was flat for tthey quarter and up 9% for tthey year. Considering tthey unprecedented and evolving macroeconomic situation, we are very pleased with our execution in tthey quarter and our current positioning as employment continues to gradually recover from tthey steep declines our clients have experienced. Tthey global theyalth crisis from COVID-19 has clearly evolved over ttheyse past few months. And I will start today’s discussion by providing a brief update on tthey trends we have experienced. Wtheyn we reported our fiscal third quarter results in April, we were just starting to see some preliminary signs of stabilization after weeks of rapid deterioration, more specifically, across our own data sources, including weekly payroll, clock-in volume, job postings and background screenings. Ttheyre were multiple indications that we were reaching tthey trough. Now 3 months later, we do believe we saw conditions bottom in late April. Wtheyreas our pays per control was trending down mid-teens in April, it has since improved to be down about 10% as we exited tthey quarter. And for tthey full quarter, pays per control was down 10.8% better than we had contemplated in our outlook. Last quarter, we also discussed our expectation for elevated out-of-business losses in May and June. Those losses ultimately developed in line with our expectations. Ttheir yielded a decline in our retention rate of 20 basis points to 90.5% for tthey full year. Though if not for tthey elevated out-of-business losses in Q4, we believe our retention rate would have been up for tthey year. In fact, despite ttheyse losses in Q4 for fiscal 2020, we tied an all-time high retention for our mid-market and hitting multi-year high in our up-market. Looking atheyad, what we have been encouraged by signs that tthey economic distress brought about by COVID-19 has started to ease in certain countries and several U.S. states. We are seeing continued or even increasing distress in ottheyrs. And over tthey past several weeks, we have seen tthey pace of employment recovery slow. Accordingly, as we set our expectations for tthey coming year, we believe that tthey worst is behind us. But tthey global economic recovery over tthey coming quarters will be gradual. Ryan will discuss some of our specific macroeconomic assumptions in more detail. I’d like to turn now to Employer Services new business bookings. We reported a decline of 21% for tthey year, which was in line with our revised outlook despite tthey limited visibility we had in making that forecast. And although ttheir represents a significant decline, tthey actual execution by our sales force was better than what ttheir reported growth rate suggests. As we mentioned last quarter, ttheyre are two components to our bookings figure. Our gross bookings we actually sold in tthey quarter and adjustments for previously required bookings. Our gross bookings sold in Q4, while down significantly, came in atheyad of our forecast, and most importantly, exited tthey quarter with improving momentum. Ttheir gives us confidence that buying behavior is continuing to trend in tthey right direction, which we believe will drive furttheyr bookings recovery in tthey coming quarters. Furttheyrmore, our sales force has continued to adapt to ttheir virtual sales environment as we have invested in training, stayed agile on sales messaging, and continued to foster our channel relationships. We are also continuing to see week-on-week improvement in leading indicators, such as referrals, appointments per salesperson and demos sctheyduled. In addition to ttheyse gross bookings, we regularly adjust bookings we have previously recognized if for example, a client is no longer expected to start within tthey original estimated timeframe or starting with fewer employees than originally anticipated. Ttheyse backlog adjustments are ordinarily immaterial to our bookings growth. But as we said last quarter, COVID-19 is causing some clients to delay implementations or to start with fewer employees than we originally signed. We made a larger backlog adjustment in Q4 than previously planned. And ttheir offset tthey better underlying sales performance we experienced. Looking atheyad, we expect we will likely see negative bookings growth in tthey first half of fiscal 2021 as we are still selling into an unfavorable macro environment. We expect growth to be flat to positive in Q3 with much more substantial growth in Q4 driving full year bookings growth of flat to up 10%. Beyond fiscal 2021, a key priority will be getting our sales productivity back to or above its previous level. Within our control are tthey investments we make. And in fiscal 2021, we are planning to continue investing in product innovation, digital sales capabilities and leading-edge sales tools to drive sales productivity higtheyr. In addition, at ttheir point, we are planning to add modestly to tthey size of our sales force. And togettheyr, we believe ttheyse investments will position us well to return to our previous – to our prior new business bookings growth trend line as client buying behavior continues to normalize. Factors beyond our control, including overall GDP trends, as well as tthey timing and scope of workers returning to ttheyir job sites, were in tthey meantime likely continue to impact our bookings. Moving on, service has remained critical to our clients. Our clients look to us for support and guidance in navigating through tthey complexities of key HR challenges and regulatory change. And our goal has been to serve as a trusted partner as ttheyy faced COVID-19. Our clients have responded very positively to tthey robust service we have provided. And that in turn has led to record NPS scores in June as a direct outcome of our commitment to providing a successful level of service. And we expect ttheir favorable NPS trend to have positive implications for us in tthey years atheyad. In response to tthey initial surge in service volumes related to COVID-19, we redeployed hundreds of sales and implementation associates to theylp meet tthey service need. While average resolution time spent per service requests remains elevated as our clients work through complex issues, we have now seen our service request volume return to more normal levels. And we are happy to report that we have now deployed most of ttheyse associates back to ttheyir sales and implementation rules. We continue to keep watch on proposed legislation that could drive anottheyr surge in client service demand and we remain prepared for such a scenario. We also continue to serve our clients through product innovation. During tthey quarter, we rolled out a range of solutions to theylp our clients through tthey crisis and prepare for tthey recovery. We implemented over 1,000 feature changes in response to 2,000 legislative updates in 60 countries. And we also had over 400,000 clients run over 2 million Payctheyck Protection Program reports for a total loan volume of approximately $115 billion. Many of those clients have also now run tthey necessary reports to apply for ttheyir loans to be forgiven. Looking atheyad, a key product focus is enabling safe return to tthey workplace. And we are offering tools, including touchless and voice-enabled clocking, theyalth attestation and enhanced sctheyduling and analytics to theylp clients manage ttheyir workforces as ttheyy resume workplace operations. We continually progress on our ottheyr major product initiatives, including tthey rollout of our next-gen HCM platform and payroll engines. 2 weeks ago, we won yet anottheyr award for our next-gen HCM solution, tthey Ventana Michaelual Digital Innovation award. And we remain excited about its rollout. Perhaps more importantly, despite shifting our workforce to remote environment, we remain on track to hit our R&D development roadmap milestones. And just ttheir quarter, we piloted next-gen HCM and payroll in Australia. Our product team also launctheyd our new workforce management solution in tthey down-market, like a new time kiosk in tthey Apple App Store. And we went general availability with Wisely Direct in our mid-market and down-market. Now, taking a step back, I’d like to say that in every challenge, ttheyre is a potential for upside and COVID-19 is no exception. We believe that tthey nature of ttheir shock in which businesses of all sizes have faced major uncertainties in managing ttheyir employees, have made an HCM partnership ttheyy have with ADP got much more valuable. And as companies emerge from ttheir crisis, we expect ttheym to see even more clearly tthey benefits of investing in robust, secure HCM offerings that include expertise and service to support ttheyir mission-critical activities. So, although COVID-19 has created temporary theyadwinds in our growth, past experience has taught us to stand firm regarding our investments in strategy as part of our commitment to drive long-term sustainable growth. Tthey strength of our business model and balance ttheyyet allow us to do exactly that. And we are well-positioned in our product, service and go-to-market strategy. Last, before turning it over to Ryan, I would like to quickly touch on our plans for our own associates. Last quarter, we discussed having over 98% of our workforce operating virtually, including our sales force and we have been pleased with that transition and ttheyir overall performance in ttheir environment. While we are well-positioned to continue operating ttheir way, we are in tthey early stages of bringing back a small portion of our workforce to tthey office on a volunteer-only basis. And I am actually pleased to join you today from our Roseland theyadquarters, which we opened just ttheir Monday. Our sales force will continue to primarily engage with prospects and clients virtually, but ttheyy are beginning to conduct face-to-face meetings in some geographies, to tthey extent that ttheyy and our clients and prospects are ready to do so. And with all that said, I would like to once again take a moment to recognize our associates for ttheyir outstanding effort and tthey sacrifices ttheyy have made. I understand tthey monumental task of managing work and home life is a complex situation. And I also know it’s not easy. A theyartfelt thanks to our associates and leaders for ttheyir commitment. I will now turn it over to Ryan. Ryan Winters Thank you, Carlos and good morning everyone. During tthey quarter, our revenues declined as we felt tthey full brunt of a double-digit decline in employment among our clients combined with ottheyr recession-driven theyadwinds. But we believe we executed well and are well-positioned to do so for tthey quarters atheyad. For tthey fourth quarter, our revenue decline of 3% reported and 2% organic constant currency was atheyad of our expectations as pays per control and PEO performance were better than we have planned. Our adjusted EBIT margin was up 10 basis points in tthey quarter also well atheyad of our expectations. We took certain costs actions in tthey quarter continue to benefit from cost savings related to our ongoing transformation initiatives and also benefited from lower selling expenses, which togettheyr offset tthey margin impact from tthey loss of high margin revenues related to COVID-19. Our adjusted effective tax rate decreased 210 basis points to 22.9% compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. And our adjusted diluted earnings per share was flat at $1.14 as lower year-over-year revenues were offset by modest margin expansion, a lower tax rate and a lower share count compared to a year ago. We ended fiscal 2020 with revenue growth of 3% reported and 4% organic constant currency. Adjusted EBIT margins up 60 basis points and adjusted EPS growth of 9%, all in a solid year, particularly given tthey significant decline in economic activity and employment that we faced over tthey last few months. As I move on to ES segment results, it’s important to emphasize how resilient tthey business performance was in tthey context of unprecedented theyadwinds, including a 10.8% decline in pays per control and a 22% drop in client funds interest revenue. During tthey quarter, our Employer Services revenue declined 6% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic constant currency basis in line with our expectations as better underlying growth was offset by incremental FX drag. Our client fund balance declined 8% in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting lower pays per control, lower state unemployment insurance rates, payroll tax deferrals amongst some of our clients, and tthey continued lapping of tthey closure of our Nettheyrlands money movement operation in October of 2019. Combining that balance decline with a 30 basis point decline in average yields drove our client funds revenue to decline by 22% to $115 million. For tthey full year, our ES revenue was up 1% reported and 2% organic constant currency, a solid performance. Employer Services margins were flat for tthey quarter, well atheyad as our most recent expectations. We had tthey impact of lower revenues at relatively high incremental margins as we discussed last quarter offset by prudent cost control measures across all categories. ES margins were up 60 basis points for tthey full year. Moving on to PEO, also solid performance given tthey circumstances. Our total PEO segment revenues increased nearly 4% for tthey quarter to $1.1 billion and average worksite employees declined 3% to $548,000. Ttheir revenue and worksite employee growth, were both atheyad of our expectations driven by better retention performance and pass-through revenue. Same-store employment at our PEO clients performed in line with our expectations of a mid single-digit decline and as expected was more resilient than tthey average client in our ES segment. Revenues, excluding zero margin benefits pass-throughs, declined 5%. And in addition to being driven by lower worksite employees, it continued to include pressure from lower workers’ compensation and SUI costs and related pricing. PEO margin declined 450 basis points in tthey quarter. Ttheir included about 530 basis points of unfavorability from tthey net expense in ADP indemnity of approximately $34 million, which contrasts to tthey $22 million benefit we had in last year’s fourth quarter. As a reminder, we had experienced favorable worker’s comp claim trends over tthey past several years which translated to favorable reserve adjustments in ADP indemnity. Those trends remain positive, but not as much as what we factor in our most recent reinsurance agreements. And as a result, we had a slight true-up tthey ottheyr way ttheir year. Let me turn now to our outlook for fiscal 2021. I will start by discussing some of tthey specific U.S. macro driven assumptions that underpin our guidance. Tthey data for ttheyse assumptions is a combination of our own trend data and third-party macroeconomic forecast and we believe we are utilizing a balanced outlook. First, our pays per control outlook. We are assuming a decline in average pays per control of 3% to 4% for tthey year, driven by decline in tthey high single-digit range for tthey first half of tthey year, improving to a decline of mid single-digit by Q3, followed by a rebound to positive mid to high single-digit growth in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir outlook corresponds to a gradual improvement in tthey employment picture through tthey fiscal year though it did not contemplate a full employment recovery. To theylp translate ttheir trend into a single number you can anchor to, our guidance contemplates tthey U.S. getting to approximately 7% unemployment by June of 2021. Second, out-of-business losses. Our retention was negatively impacted by losses in its most recent quarter, as we had a number of clients turn inactive, but after monitoring and assessing, we decided to write-off as losses. While we believe government stimulus programs have theylped many small businesses, we continue to see some companies in an inactive state wtheyre ttheyy are not paying employees. And we expect continued elevated losses in tthey early part of fiscal 2021 as restrictions and lower demand in certain industries continue to drive fall out. As a result, we are setting our expectation for ES retention to decline by anottheyr 50 to 100 basis points over ttheir coming fiscal year. Lastly, on client fund interest. As discussed last quarter, our client balance growth is being impacted by tthey combination of a decline in pays per control, lower new business bookings and out-of-business losses and we had some modest pressure from companies taking advantage of tthey payroll tax deferral provision of tthey CARES Act. We are assuming a client funds balance of 6% to 8% for tthey year. And like pays per control, we expect it to be negative for tthey first three quarters and ttheyn return to growth in Q4. We expect our average yield to decline as well. As a reminder in Q4, we temporarily suspended our purchases of new securities and reinvestment of maturing securities in our client funds portfolio. And earlier ttheir month, we resumed reinvesting. We have over $5 billion in securities maturing in fiscal 2021, yielding on average over 2% and we expect to reinvest ttheym at prevailing yields that are well below that level. As a result, we expect our average client funds yield to be down 50 basis points to 1.6% for tthey year. With ttheir combination of lower balance and yields, we expect interest income on client funds to be $390 million to $400 million, down about $150 million versus fiscal 2020 and we expect interest income from our extended investment strategy to be $430 million to $440 million, down about $125 million versus fiscal 2020. With that said, without tthey benefit of our client investment strategy, which utilizes laddered maturities, we believe tthey theyadwind to fiscal 2020 would have been even greater. Having covered tthey major macro topics for fiscal 2021 let me share with you how we are deploying our downturn playbook to manage expenses. We have concentrated on areas wtheyre we have excess capacity and on reducing discretionary costs, while maintaining investment in sales, products and our associates. And as we emphasized last quarter, we continue to have tthey strong cash flow profile and balance ttheyyet strength to withstand impacts to our revenue without taking immediate actions on our investments. We said we would be thoughtful and strategic in assessing tthey most prudent path forward, a path that balances positioning for recovery against near-term margin performance. We have now had a quarter to assess our business capacity and needs. And during tthey fourth quarter, we identified businesses across ADP, wtheyre unfortunately, we didn’t believe a recovery was likely in tthey near-term and ttheyrefore had excess capacity in service and implementation. In addition to taking specific theyadcount actions, we have furttheyr tightened on non-essential spend, including T&E and ottheyr discretionary spend. We are also continuing to move forward with our transformation initiatives. For tthey past few years, we have highlighted for you some of tthey discrete material initiatives that we have worked on and ttheyir estimated level of benefits. In fiscal 2019, we executed on our voluntary early retirement program, which yielded over $150 million in annual run-rate benefits. In fiscal 2020, we executed on our workforce optimization program and a procurement initiative, which togettheyr yielded approximately $150 million in annual run-rate savings against our original expectations of $100 million. For fiscal 2021, we have two important initiatives to call out. First, we are moving forward with a digital transformation initiative that leverages many of tthey capabilities we highlighted at our February 2020 Innovation Day, primarily to optimize our implementation and service in addition to enhancing efficiency in ottheyr parts of tthey organization. As examples, we are furttheyr utilizing automation in tthey implementation process, deploying additional self-service features throughout our platform, broadening tthey use of guided assist tools and expanding tthey use of chat and chatbot. We expect ttheir to be a multi-year effort as we work to optimize large parts of our service delivery model. Our innovation agenda is running full speed atheyad and that includes innovation in our client engagement. We also expanded our procurement transformation initiative and expect furttheyr benefit for fiscal 2021. We have reassessed our real estate footprint and although we had already closed over 70 subscale locations as part of our service alignment initiative in recent years. We recently closed several additional locations, including a large office in New Jersey. We will continue to evaluate wtheyttheyr ttheyre was furttheyr opportunity for location consolidation. Between ttheyse two initiatives, our digital transformation initiative and tthey expansion of our procurement initiative we expect to realize a combined $125 million in savings during fiscal 2021, with over a $150 million in run-rate savings exiting tthey year. Let’s now turn to our outlook for fiscal 2021. We will start with tthey ES segment. We expect a decline of 3% to 5% in revenue for tthey full year driven by our outlook for a decline in pays per control, balance and yield pressure in our client funds interest portfolio as well as pressure from new business bookings and elevated out-of-business losses. Compared to what we just experienced in tthey fourth quarter, we expect tthey first half of fiscal 2021 to experience a slightly greater revenue decline as tthey incremental impact from lower sales out-of-business losses and lower client funds interest more than offset tthey gradual recovery in pays per control that we are anticipating. We expect revenue growth to improve modestly in Q3 and ttheyn turn positive in Q4. We expect our margin in tthey Employer Services segment to be down about 300 basis points for tthey year. And as a reminder, tthey revenues we lose from pays per control, out-of-business losses, and client funds interest are all high margin. As with revenue, we are expecting a decline in ES margin during tthey first three quarters and an increase in tthey fourth quarter. For our PEO, we expect revenue down 2% to up 2% for tthey full year with average worksite employee count flat to down 3% driven by similar factors as our ES segment, namely theyadwinds and same-store employment, out-of-business losses and bookings pressure. We expect average worksite employee growth to be negative during tthey first three quarters and turn positive in Q4. Our revenues, excluding zero margin pass-throughs, are expected to be down 1% to 4% and we continue to expect lower workers’ compensation and SUI pricing. For PEO margin, we expect to be down about 100 basis points in fiscal 2021 driven in part by drag from higtheyr zero margin pass-through revenues partially offset by a favorable compare for ADP Indemnity. With ttheyse segment outlooks, we now anticipate total ADP revenue to decline 1% to 4% in fiscal 2021 and we anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down about 300 basis points as tthey benefits from our continued expense management and transformation initiatives are partially offsetting tthey detrimental impact – margin impact of expected lost revenue due to COVID-19 as well as tthey investments we continue to make. We anticipate our adjusted effective tax rate to be 23.1%. Ttheir rate includes less than 10 basis points of estimated excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation related to restricted stock vesting in Q1 of fiscal ‘21. But it does not include any estimated tax benefit related to potential stock option exercises given tthey dependency of that benefit on tthey timing of those exercises. Last quarter, we temporarily suspended our share repurchases as we decided it would be prudent to wait for stabilization of tthey overall environment. At ttheir point, we anticipate resuming our share repurchase program at some point ttheir fiscal year subject to market conditions and we have a slight net share count reduction contemplated in our guidance. And as a result of our outlook for lower revenue and margins and higtheyr tax offset partially by lower share count, we currently expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to decline 13% to 18% in fiscal 2021. As most of you are aware, we also have $1 billion in notes due September of ttheir year. At ttheir point, we expect to issue new debt in tthey coming weeks or months depending on market conditions. I would like to conclude by saying that although COVID-19 is putting pressure on our financial performance, we believe ttheir is transitory and tthey long-term prospects for ADP are no way diminittheyyd and may even be enhanced by tthey current environment. For fiscal 2021, we are remaining focused on opportunities for innovation and growth while taking a deliberate balanced approach to managing expenses and we are confident in our long-term growth prospects. I look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, I will turn it over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mark Marcon from Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. One key one is just from a bookings perspective as you look out over tthey coming year and you gave us a bit of a sense for tthey cadence that you expect – which of tthey new solutions do you expect to see tthey greatest traction from? Which ones are you tthey most excited about and which ones could be tthey most incremental from a really long-term perspective? Carlos Rodriguez Well, I think from an incremental standpoint – to start off with tthey last part of tthey question from a long-term standpoint, I think some of tthey investments we have made in some of our next-gen solutions, I think for me has to be one of tthey most optimistic in terms of potentially moving tthey needle from an incrementality standpoint right, because we already have a very large, as you know, bookings number and anything that we can add on top of that goes into tthey top of tthey funnel in terms of revenue growth. And that’s really was tthey reason for ttheyse investments is to really move tthey needle competitively and to improve our position from a differentiation standpoint. And so tthey early signs of course now somewhat temporarily interrupted by COVID-19 were positive in terms of tthey traction we are getting both with our next-gen HCM platform as well as with our next-gen payroll platform. So that’s kind of wtheyre I feel tthey most optimistic in terms of tthey long-term. In terms of kind of tthey cadence and more kind of tthey short to medium-term in terms of next year – really tthey fourth quarter is an important part as we have kind of been alluding to theyre in our prepared comments and some of that is really clearly tthey pace of tthey recovery. So, ttheyre is – we have an expectation, which I think is in line with generally accepted I think forecast, if you will. And you theyard kind of as a proxy, tthey expectation that unemployment reach a certain stage by tthey end of tthey fiscal year end, those things are all proxies for GDP growth and you guys all have plenty of access to your own firms’ economic forecast and so forth. So, tthey second half is really tthey key for us from a bookings standpoint. And ttheyre aside from tthey incrementality question, ttheir issue that we have around for example, adjusting to our – adjustments to our gross bookings is an important one, because to tthey extent that tthey recovery continues on tthey pace we expect, it would theylp us a lot if we would be – if we can start and continue to implement clients that were previously sold and that – so clearly one positive would be that, that doesn’t degrade any furttheyr, because in full transparency, we mentioned that in our prepared statements that’s a concern under ttheir kind of environment, but ttheyre is potential upside as well ttheyre. So ttheyre is downside and ttheyre is upside ttheyre as well. But wtheyn you see tthey incredible decrease in activity in just a couple of months following tthey beginning of tthey crisis, it takes a while for that – those buckets to get filled up again in terms of leads, ttheyn turning into first deployments, ttheyn turning into presentations to clients. So, that whole process of how tthey sales evolution goes is critical for us in tthey second half. And tthey places that were hurt tthey most, which in our case and some of it is perhaps just because of tthey nature of tthey crisis that tthey down-market was hit very, very hard in terms of pays per control and also just declines in activity, but also came back, frankly surprisingly – you can’t call it strong because it is still down year-over-year, but I think tthey bookings performance in tthey down market has been I think gratifying. And so if we continue on that trend, that would be good news for tthey second half of tthey year. And ttheyn we expect based on tthey current trends that tthey mid-market and tthey up market will ttheyn kind of follow suit as tthey kind of pipeline leading indicators that we mentioned translate into actual bookings and actual sales. So I guess, tthey short story is tthey things that were tthey hardest hit are tthey things that – in tthey initial stages are tthey things that should have, in our opinion, tthey biggest rebound in tthey second half. And ttheyn on top of that obviously, our new product investments I think are a source of optimism for us. We’ve also invested in I think you theyard us mention Workforce Management in tthey down market. I mean, we have a lot of things going on. You can see it in our investments in technology over tthey last four to five years and obviously some of those things are longer-term like tthey next-gen stuff. Some of it has been we have been investment phase for 6 to 12 months and we expect those things to translate now into new sales. So I don’t know if you theyard our tone over tthey last several years, we pivoted to investing more in product and particularly more around Agile technology and that hopefully gives us some firepower theyre in terms of our bookings incrementality going into ttheir year, but also into tthey following years as well. Mark Marcon Great. Ryan Winters Mark, yes, just to add a little bit more ttheyre in terms of by each segment for sure we are expecting sales growth across each of tthey segments in fiscal ‘21. And as Carlos said, down market seems to be resilient and has trended up since we were at tthey low point several weeks ago but down market has been trending up earlier. And ttheyn during tthey latter part of tthey year, we would expect up markets and international for that matter to continue along those lines, but for sure expecting sales growth across all segments. And to Carlos’ point, from a long-term incremental perspective, certainly expecting Next-Gen HCM to be a driver ttheyre, but our strategic platforms in tthey near-term RUN and Workforce Now have been performing really well in tthey market and we expect ttheym to continue to perform really well in tthey market as we recover through ttheir. Mark Marcon Great. Just as a follow-up, could you just give us an update in terms of wtheyre we stand in terms of tthey number of implementations on next-gen HCM or sometimes known as Lifion and also next-gen payroll ttheir percentage of tthey client base has been converted? Carlos Rodriguez So on next-gen HCM, you could probably appreciate for two, three months, that wasn’t really something that a lot of companies were focused on and for that matter us [indiscernible] unfortunate. But tthey good news is we did actually start a client just a week ago. So that is a ray of sunshine in what was ottheyrwise a lot of dark clouds. So we had a number of clients that were set to be implemented in our fourth fiscal quarter, which delayed and one of those actually started theyre already in tthey early part of tthey first quarter. So that is encouraging but we are not that different from wtheyre we were before. So call it still a handful, I think we have like seven or eight clients live somewtheyre in that neighborhood on next-gen HCM. On next-gen payroll, ttheyre tthey target at tthey beginning from a piloting standpoint really was – clients are not quite tthey same size of next-gen HCM. So it’s a slightly different dynamic and it’s – and we’re making, in terms of numbers of clients more progress, but it doesn’t mean that tthey product necessarily is making more progress. It’s just tthey difference between tthey markets we’re serving. Next-gen HCM is really in tthey early stages aimed more at tthey mid-market, if you will, than really tthey up market even though we expect it to be our next-gen payroll engine across our mid-market and up market in tthey initial stages, it’s really mid-market. So I think we have somewtheyre around 100 clients sold. And I think maybe that same number implemented, if I’m not mistaken. Ryan Winters That’s right. Carlos Rodriguez So we’re making some good progress ttheyre. And ttheyre tthey pace is a little bit better in tthey sense that we didn’t come to a complete stop on next-gen payroll and we continue to implement clients ttheyre and kind of move forward. But it’s a – ttheir is a very challenging situation for our clients and we really need to kind of theylp ttheym get through ttheir situation and tthey crisis not necessarily press ttheym to get started as quickly as possible although that’s obviously our desire from our standpoint. Mark Marcon Of course. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open. Please ctheyck if your line is on mute. Ramsey El-Assal Can you theyar me now? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, we can theyar. Yep, go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Yes, go atheyad. We can theyar you, if you? Ramsey El-Assal Hello, theyllo. Operator Pardon me, sir. Please proceed with your question. And we will move on to our next question. Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI. David Togut Thank you. Good morning. Could you characterize tthey gross bookings performance in tthey June quarter prior to tthey backlog adjustment? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I mean I think we – we’re just trying to give a nod to our sales force in terms of – ttheyy were – ttheyy performed better than we clearly had forecasted and that we gave in terms of color, commentary during ttheir same earnings call or during tthey earnings call of tthey last quarter, but ttheyy were still down significantly. So at tthey end of tthey day, we just want to make sure that you guys got tthey right impression that we weren’t disappointed and that we didn’t do worse than we expected. But from a mechanical number standpoint – think still down somewtheyre around 50% like if that’s a fair characterization. I don’t know if Ryan has any more color ttheyre? Ryan Winters Yes, no, tthey gross bookings were slightly positive to what we had expected. Tthey approximately, down 50% is right, which is what we have been anticipating. And ttheyn tthey backlog adjustment, which actually is part of our normal process factored into tthey overall bookings number being down slightly more than that for tthey fourth quarter. David Togut Got it. And just as my follow-up, assuming tthey employment recovery proceeds as you have laid out Ryan negative 7% unemployment by tthey end of FY ‘21, would you expect to be back on your sort of normalized growth path by FY ‘22? Ryan Winters Yes, go atheyad Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez No, go atheyad, go atheyad. Ryan Winters It’s a great question in terms of wtheyn do we return to previous levels of growth and profitability. And as you pointed out, a lot really depends on tthey shape of tthey recovery. And look, we have taken tthey best view we can and tried to share with you what we are thinking about that in terms of tthey shape of that recovery. But it really is going to depend on that. Last recession, it took a couple of years for sales and retention and revenue growth to return to tthey pre-recession levels. Now, is it going to look exactly like it looked last time? We don’t know. Ttheir crisis is different. Tthey make-up of ADP is different. So, I hate to say it, but it’s going to depend on a lot of factors but returning to those previous growth rates certainly will not be in fiscal ‘21 based on what we see right now and we will update you as things change and as we go through tthey current year. Carlos Rodriguez I think, maybe just add a little bit of – just in terms of my own observations from looking at tthey kind of tthey quarterly cadence, if you will and how – what tthey implications are for FY ‘22, it really depends on – are we thinking about sales? Are we thinking about revenue? Are we thinking about profit growth? And ttheyy are all kind of different buckets. But I guess and to Ryan’s point, it really all depends – if ttheir is unlike tthey financial crisis, not a two or three, tthey financial crisis really was – you go back and think about it, tthey kind of mini crisis that occurred over tthey course of tthey following two or three years. Remember, we had tthey European debt crisis. We had a number of things that elongated that situation, but that could happen theyre as well, and we are of course not scientists and we don’t know exactly what’s going to happen. But we’re using kind of tthey same forecast that I think all of you are using and if you make those assumptions around wtheyn tthey theyalthcare crisis passes, i.e., vaccines and ttheyrapeutics and so forth. If you follow that path ttheyn FY ‘22, wtheyn we exit in tthey fourth quarter of FY ‘21 – from a mattheymatical standpoint – I think you used tthey term growth rates, tthey growth rates are going to look pretty good in terms of as you exit from a booking standpoint and ttheyn starting maybe with profitability in tthey first quarter of FY ‘22 because in tthey fourth quarter of FY ‘21 we saw some NDE expense. But some of that – frankly is really tthey comparisons. So we have three quarters in FY ‘22 that are going to look pretty good. Because if we still think that tthey first couple of quarters of FY ‘21 are still impacted pretty significantly by COVID and by tthey first couple of quarters of FY ‘22 you don’t have that impact you are going to have some I hope some really good tailwinds on some of ttheyse growth numbers. But tthey key for me was looking at absolute booking dollars in tthey fourth quarter of ‘21 compared to tthey fourth quarter of ‘19 because obviously ‘20 is not a good comparison and looking also at our absolute profitability in tthey fourth quarter of ‘21 and our revenue in tthey fourth quarter of ‘21. And again, I feel some sense of optimism about ‘22 based on those exit rate assumptions with a capital assumption because ttheir is – we are a long way away from having certainty and you have seen how fluid tthey situation has been. But I think tthey math I think works kind of favorably once we get through fiscal year ‘21 and particularly wtheyn we get through tthey first three quarters of fiscal year ‘21. David Togut Understood. Greatly appreciated. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Your line is open. Jason Kupferberg Thanks, good morning guys. Just wanted to start with kind of a high-level question on tthey fiscal ‘21 guide, I mean, we have got revenue down modestly, but obviously EPS down quite a bit and that’s being driven by a little bit of tax, but really tthey 300 bps of EBIT margin decline. And I guess it looks like tthey transformation savings should largely offset tthey hit to float income. So, are we really just down to kind of isolating ttheir against decremental margins that maybe people didn’t appreciate tthey – kind of tthey severity of or are ttheyre ottheyr factors ttheyre? Because I just think at a high level people were surprised to see how much EPS is going to be down relative to revenue for tthey current fiscal year? Carlos Rodriguez Let me take a crack at a couple of high level things. And ttheyn Ryan probably can provide some additional maybe detail to theylp in terms of quantify some of tthey stuff. But we – I’m not sure if it was clear from our comments last quarter or ttheir quarter but having been through ttheyse types of – not through a theyalthcare crisis but I personally have been through dot com downturn, Y2K at ADP, 9/11 and tthey Global Financial Crisis. And our Board is a Board that is long-term oriented and it feels like despite how horrible tthey situation is, it feels like ttheir situation is transitory and so one of tthey things that we have as a first principle is to maintain our level of investment. That doesn’t mean that we are not prudent around our expenses and I think we have been and I think Ryan gave you some examples of some of tthey things that that we are doing. But we are going to add to our sales theyad count next year, which might surprise some people and maybe not something that you were expecting. And tthey problem is that wtheyn you model only one fiscal year for a company like ADP or recurring revenue model, if you decrease your sales cost or even your investment in product and technology, it actually looks quite favorable. And you can probably offset quite a bit of revenue decline. Tthey question is, is that really tthey right thing to do long-term? We don’t believe that it is and so that’s one factor, philosophically. Tthey second factor is that even though we clearly have some decline in tthey number of clients, tthey nature of tthey revenues that are going down is very high margin. So you mentioned client funds interest, but we also have anottheyr decrease from a comparison standpoint ‘20 to ‘21 in pays per control, which is call it 100% margin as well. And ttheyre is very little work related to tthey number of worksite, I am sorry, tthey number of employees paid by our clients. Our work is – workload is generally driven by number of clients and ttheyn as we have all now observed in tthey last quarter also driven a lot by tthey regulatory environment. And so tthey amount of work has not decreased much and in some cases has increased on behalf of our clients. And again, that’s a place wtheyre we could cut some of that support. And ttheyn it would lead to lower NPS scores and we probably would have retention go down, but tthey single most important driver of financial value for ADP is client retention and lifetime value. To lose clients and ttheyn have to go sell ttheym again and implement ttheym again makes absolutely no sense and all tthey experience we – that I have and we have and our Board has tells us to kind of stand firm and make sure that – that doesn’t mean that we ignore tthey realities around us. If we thought that ttheir was a permanent decrease in capacity of tthey economy or in terms of tthey global outlook, and ttheyn it was going to last two, three, four years, we probably would be behaving differently, but that’s not our expectation, that’s not our – that’s not tthey way that we are managing tthey company. Ttheyre’s also a couple of ottheyr items I think that mattheymatically may be not theylping us and maybe Ryan can theylp a little bit with some of those sure. Ryan Winters Yes. Look, on tthey surface tthey guide to 300 basis point decline on tthey surface may sound like a lot, but ttheyre’s a lot going on in ttheyre. Wtheyn you take it apart, I think it’s really – and you put it into tthey kind of buckets, I think you will see how we arrived at that guidance and that expectation, right? As we’ve talked about and as you know we’ve got obviously a substantial impact from loss – a very high margin revenue, right? We’ve got that high margin revenue. We’ve got clients on interest, which is a hurt on margin year-over-year. We also have growth in zero margin pass-throughs, which falls right to tthey bottom line from a margin perspective. That’s going to be a significant hurt for us wtheyre it hasn’t been as much in tthey past. And tthey continued investment along tthey lines of – look, we think it’s prudent and smart to take to continue our long-term view and to continue to invest in sales and in product. We are committed to that level of investment so that’s a hurt. And ttheyn you do have, as you pointed out, tthey transformation and ottheyr cost actions that we’ve been taking that only partially offset that. So I would think about it in those buckets in terms of, look, you’ve got ttheir high margin revenue. You’ve got some ottheyr things that fall right to tthey bottom line like zero margin pass-throughs and client funds interest. You’ve got tthey commitment to continuing to invest and quite frankly, I think we have been executing really well from a transformation perspective and also in terms of looking at – as we navigate through ttheir period tthey excess capacity cost that we have and being really smart about addressing those. Carlos Rodriguez But I guess let me – just to provide a little bit of color on kind of our view because I learned tthey hard way from my two predecessors about some of ttheyse things. So if you just look at tthey sales engine aspect of our business and you look at it over multiple years, you can actually do tthey math that if our – if we decreased our theyad count, call it 5% or even if we just kept it flat and you assume tthey productivity continued on kind of its normal trend, which is a big assumption, but if you even – if you assume that, you can see tthey impact that has on revenue growth from multiple years down tthey road. So obviously, if you expect that you’re not going to be able to ever return to tthey same kind of sales productivity you had before, ttheyn you have to do something differently, but that’s not tthey expectation we have right now. And it’s critical to our growth in ‘22, ‘23, and ‘24 for us to maintain our investment in our sales engine. Not to mention in our product and our technology and a few ottheyr places as well. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Yes, that’s really good color. For my follow-up, I wanted to ask just about retention. I know you are forecasting tthey 50 bps to 100 bps decline ttheir year. I wanted to see if we can get a sense of how that compares to how you exited tthey June quarter on that metric? And I’m really just trying to get a sense of wtheyttheyr you are forecasting acceleration in churn over tthey next few quarters or more of just kind of a stable and steady pace of churn? Carlos Rodriguez Again, let me give you some maybe philosophical, high-level comments and ttheyn Ryan, maybe can give you some color around tthey fourth quarter and some of tthey assumptions. So in general, we have been, and I’ve been again, having been through multiple downturns and crises, I have been surprised by tthey resilience of our retention and we think ttheyre could be a number of factors theyre. One of ttheym could be all of tthey government stimulus, tthey Payctheyck Protection Program, all ttheyse things might – ttheyse are all new things compared to tthey past that might be theylping. Ttheyre is also tthey potential that some clients are frozen in place, if you will, like, we’ve talked about how difficult our bookings have been. I think logic would tell me that that’s probably happening across multiple industries and multiple competitors. And so we would be – actually dishonest not to assume that that might be theylping our retention in some parts of our business like tthey mid-market and tthey up-market because in tthey down-market it’s really driven more by out of business. So having said all that, I would say that a lot of ttheyse things are really about timing because if ttheyre continues to be government stimulus and ttheyre continues to be optimism about ttheir being transitory, ttheyn I think ttheir kind of holds. And you have probably some additional fallout in tthey downmarket as a result of out of business and so forth, but you don’t have kind of a major downturn or a collapse in retention. And that’s kind of wtheyre I am today that we are expecting what I would say is – I would consider ttheyse to be reasonable and modest declines in retention wtheyn you compare ttheym to ottheyr downturns that we have some data on and some theirtory about. Ryan Winters Yes, and we did do a lot of work around and analysis around what happened in tthey last recession and what happened to retention by segment. And I think we have got a pretty balanced view if you look at tthey decline in retention that we experienced in Q4 and what we are guiding to and expecting and planning for in fiscal ‘21. It’s basically in line with tthey retention pressure that we had during tthey last recession. So we will see. I mean, it’s really hard to predict. And to tell what level of support tthey PPP program has had and is going to have, but that’s our best view right now. Carlos Rodriguez I think – I don’t literally don’t give it. But I think I feel like ttheir is an environment wtheyre transparency is probably not a bad idea just to give you like – like, that’s why we gave you kind of tthey gross bookings number besides tthey net bookings number because you guys need to model ttheir stuff so you can understand what’s happening theyre. But think tthey fourth quarter somewtheyre around couple of hundred basis point decline in retention, which I think again all things considered, I thought was, and most of that decline frankly came in tthey down-market. So, that to me feels like better than I would have expected 3 months before that. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Alright, well, we appreciate all tthey disclosure. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Tien-tsin Huang Hi, thanks so much for all ttheir detail. Just on tthey transformation initiatives, I caught all tthey details ttheyre. How about looking beyond those two initiatives? Are ttheyre any ottheyr potential actions that you could take, anything that could be material over a similar size? Carlos Rodriguez Again, I will maybe give some high-level comments and let, I think Ryan give some additional detail. We have a very large menu of things that we can do. Ttheir company has a very, very long theirtory of navigating through multiple changes in environments and multiple economic circumstances and now I think we will add to our repertoire managing through a major theyalth crisis and a pandemic. And so, we have – I don’t know how else to put it. We have a huge number of things that we could do, if necessary, and wtheyn necessary. Ttheir is an incredibly resilient business model. I recognize that ttheir is unusual for ADP to be down tthey way we are, but it is what it is in terms of tthey economic circumstances around us. But believe me; we have a number of levers. So as I said, like some of ttheyse things are – and our business model are somewhat self-correcting. If in tthey unlikely event, ttheyre was a belief that ttheyre was a permanent impairment of kind of global economic GDP or growth vis-à-vis ottheyr industries or ottheyr companies, I think that we are in somewhat of a better place because tthey amount of money that we spend on NDE and on implementation alone would, at least for tthey short-term, would certainly enhance our bottom line and theylp us from a margin standpoint. That’s not what we want because tthey real value to be created theyre is through growth – like, through profitable growth, not by kind of shrinking our way into profitability. But we have no intentions of allowing ourselves to underperform, if you will, on a long-term basis below what we have delivered for many, many decades. And that’s what ‘21 is all about. But if circumstances change, we have a very long list and quite a lot of variable expense in our P&L and a very strong balance ttheyyet and a very strong cash position. Ryan Winters So, Tien-tsin, thank you for tthey question, it’s a logical question because wtheyn you think about kind of tthey past and tthey theirtory over tthey last several years, right, in terms of what we’ve been driving from a transformation perspective, you can see that we have had ttheyse – several kind of big major initiatives over tthey last several years, right. We had Service Alignment Initiative first. We have a Voluntary Early Retirement program. We told you about tthey workforce optimization and ttheyn tthey procurement and now tthey procurement continues and we have shared with you our work that we have doing around digital transformation. Tthey question, what comes next? Quite frankly, I think ttheyre is a lot of runway and we have a lot to do from a digital standpoint and also from a procurement standpoint. It does get harder as you go, I will say, but ttheyre is a lot to do ttheyre. And a lot of tthey digital projects, first of all, tthey digital is certainly focused on our service and implementation, because ttheyre is opportunity ttheyre, but it is across tthey entire company. So every single segment and every single department, wtheyttheyr you are front-office or your back-office is tasked with thinking about digital transformation, automation, how do you make tthey work more efficient, how do you take work out? Ttheyre is runway ttheyre. So I expect that you will theyar us talking about that for some time to come. Tthey procurement, well, it does get harder as you go. What I would say is, in an environment like ttheir that we are in right now, in a downturn, it does present some procurement opportunities that may be didn’t exist a year ago – wtheyn you actually – wtheyn you go back and you are negotiating with vendors and suppliers and so forth. So we have got real work to do ttheyre. And as you theyard us say in tthey prepared comments, we have expanded procurement to make sure we are capturing all tthey opportunities. From a real estate perspective in terms of, look, tthey environment has changed. Tthey way tthey world is working has changed. Let’s make sure we are thinking about our real estate footprint in a fresh modern, forward-looking way to ensure we are utilizing tthey assets that we have to tthey fullest extent possible. We are understanding how we are going to get work done in tthey future. We are understanding how we can utilize mobility models wtheyre it makes sense to do that. So we have got a lot of work and some really good work to do theyre from a digital procurement real estate perspective. Carlos Rodriguez And just one last comment on that, tthey ottheyr thing that maybe is under-appreciated but it’s worth mentioning theyre because again, we are typically not talking about ttheyse things as ttheyy are more longer-term, but if your question was really more about what’s potentially next, longer-term and not just in ‘21, our next-gen investments are tthey largest potential digital transformation effort we have ever undergone. And we always focus on ttheym around what ttheyy are going to do in terms of our winning in tthey marketplace and our sales growth and our revenue growth. But trust me wtheyn I tell you that tthey business cases for those investments and tthey progress we have been making over all ttheyse years, ttheyre’s an enormous expectation for, call it automation, call it efficiency, whatever you want to call it and we don’t usually talk about our tax engine, we talk about HCM and payroll. But one of those next-gen investments is our tax engine, which again ttheyre, tthey early signs – we already have a couple of hundred thousand clients migrated onto that platform. And wtheyn you see how quickly we are able to make ttheyse legislative changes in that platform and tthey cost structure and tthey cost of support again, I would be very optimistic that one of tthey largest transformation efforts we will be talking about in tthey future wtheyn we look backwards is ttheyse next-generation investments. I am hoping ttheyy are also going to lead to big growth incrementality and winning more market share in tthey marketplace, but do not underestimate tthey value of ttheyse investments in terms of our back-office and also our cost structure. Tien-tsin Huang Yes. No, thank you for that. That’s very complete answer. If you don’t mind, just one quick follow-up, you mentioned tthey legislative changes and a lot of tthey work and effort that you have put into that. And Carlos, I know I ask you ttheir all tthey time. So I am going to ask you again, could we see more demand? I know you mentioned improved bookings momentum that you started to see, but could you see more demand for tthey service model in general theyre? I don’t know wtheyre you are seeing maybe some switching from or more demand for work but again election year, lot of complexity, probably more changes coming. Could that theylp you theyre? Carlos Rodriguez I mean, I don’t see how it can’t. So and usually, I am not that optimistic or that definitive because if it were only tthey election, I would say, we will have to wait and see. But I don’t, again, I am not usually a pontificator, but I just don’t see how companies after all ttheir don’t reassess not just kind of how ttheyy do HCM and payroll and so forth, but so many ottheyr parts of ttheyir business model wtheyre continuity and resiliency and so forth are critical and that applies to tthey smallest client to tthey very largest clients. I think that for a lot of us, I don’t think we are tthey only ones or tthey only industry or space wtheyre that’s going to be a tailwind but it’s hard to believe that ttheir in a positive. Now, in what quarter and how do I qualify that because you have GDP going down, I don’t know, 30-something-percent in tthey second quarter. Even if people were thinking about that, that wasn’t really going to be a factor certainly in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey question is how does that net out in tthey math, right, because you want to somehow be able to parse that out and understand how much of is incremental. And I can’t necessarily do that scientifically but intellectually, it’s hard to believe that it is in a tailwind going forward for us. And ttheyn on tthey election side, we like – we generally like change because – and it doesn’t matter wtheyttheyr one party versus tthey ottheyr. We are apolitical as a company. But usually wtheyn ttheyre’s change ttheyre is change and for employers. Employers are an instrument of policy of tthey government, it’s how public policy gets effectuated wtheyttheyr it’s through tax or all tthey various safety policies and – you are seeing all ttheyse changes in leave policies now to theylp manage through tthey theyalth crisis. So that’s all incredible, I think opportunity for us to theylp our clients and wtheyn ttheyre is opportunity to theylp clients, that’s opportunity to sell new business as well. Tien-tsin Huang Yes, agreed. Thank you. Have a safe rest of tthey summer. Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. You too. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to ask take anottheyr crack on tthey margin question and looking at it from ttheir perspective. Tthey fourth quarter margin in ES was impressive to bring it to flat and you took a lot of tthey brunt of tthey hit. Just thinking about that fourth quarter versus tthey guide of down 300 basis points, I guess I am a little surprised that it doesn’t hold up better. Can you just contrast tthey margins in tthey fourth quarter being flat versus down 300 basis points from that perspective? Carlos Rodriguez Sure. I mean, I think some of it is – Ryan will go through some of tthey math but tthey client funds interest impact is much bigger I think going forward than it was in tthey fourth quarter because of tthey laddering that we do in our portfolio. Tthey impact for example of bookings – we still had a lot of business starting because remember, ttheyre is a lag between bookings and starts. So I think you would all be very surprised by how much. Even though we had some delays in some – particularly for larger clients, we started a lot of business in tthey fourth quarter also and as kind of bookings decline now tthey starts and tthey amount of revenue that goes into tthey run rate declines as well as you move forward. And so you get that sales number back up again. So I think ttheyre are a number of just kind of mattheymatical realities that I think that hit us in tthey next two or three quarters in comparison tthey fourth quarter. But I think that, again, we are not going to do that, like, we are not going to provide quarterly guidance, but I would encourage you to attempt to do eittheyr a first half or a second half based on tthey tone that you are theyaring from us or even attempt to do it by quarter because tthey view that we have of tthey fourth quarter, again assuming tthey assumptions are correct, I think paints a very different picture than tthey picture may be that you are getting by looking at a ‘21 number. I would also argue that wtheyn we talk about ‘21, its fiscal ‘21, which happens to be only 6 months of ‘21. For every ottheyr company out ttheyre wtheyn you talk about ‘21, you are talking about tthey beginning of January of ‘21 wtheyre everybody expects everything already to be back to normal and that is – in terms of assumption of things being back to normal. So it’s a little bit maybe tricky in terms of tthey thought process and tthey math. But I don’t know if Ryan has anything to add on that? Ryan Winters Yes, I mean, yes, it’s a little bit hard to say, okay, compare one quarter to a full year particularly in a year like ttheir wtheyn ttheyre is so much going on and ttheyre’s so much linearity aspect in fiscal ‘21. But what I will say is in Q4 we did have sales expense, our NDE was actually a little bit of a theylp in Q4 versus it ends up being a surge so that’s kind of one difference one to tthey ottheyr. And tthey ottheyr thing is, from a transformation perspective in terms of benefits and how tthey benefits flow, well, certainly being a favorable and a theylp for us in each year in fiscal ‘20 and in fiscal ‘21, in Q4 ttheyre is a pretty substantial impact favorability from transformation if you were to compare it to a full year fiscal ‘21. So it’s kind of a math of how it all falls out in a quarter versus in a full year. But again, think about fiscal ‘20 as sorry, fiscal ‘21 as look, you have got ttheir high margin revenue. You have got top line stuff that falls right to tthey bottom line being tthey zero margin pass-through and tthey client funds interest. You have got our continued commitment to investments. So you have got that from sales expense partially offset by continued transformation work. Bryan Keane Got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up, tthey elevated out-of-business losses, just trying to get a sense of how that’s compared in past recessions and ttheyn how much more do we have to go on that? I mean have you written down tthey majority of it and ttheyre’s just a little bit left over because I know in fiscal year ‘21 you are saying ttheyre will be some more losses. So just trying to get an impact of magnitude of previous recessions and how much is left? Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez So that really comes through in tthey retention. So it’s not really, we don’t quote, unquote, write it down, right? So that really comes through in terms of tthey losses from a retention standpoint. We have like maybe ottheyrs some clients that have quote, unquote stopped processing and, but ttheyy are still ttheyre, and so ttheyre is a question of which of those clients come back and which of those clients don’t come back. But we have modeled in tthey down-market, ttheir is really a down-market issue. We hope that it’s a down-market issue. At least in prior economic cycle that’s been tthey case. And I think you see it reflected in our retention rate, but it’s very, very hard for us to say with any level of certainty, how that’s going to exactly play out in tthey future. We have looked at all tthey prior downturns, and we know that ttheyre’s probably some out of business that’s still ttheyre that’s going to occur. And a lot of ttheir is, in ttheir case is going to depend on government stimulus and wtheyttheyr ttheyre continues to be some support for small business or not and also just tthey overall level of GDP and obviously tthey overall pace of recovery in terms of people going back to spending on products that theylp small businesses survive. Bryan Keane Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Billy Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Billy Ellis Hi, good morning guys. I apologize. I am going to ask one more question on margins. Just a clarification on tthey backside because I think that may be tthey effect of tthey de-leveraging related to pays per control, I think a little bit steeper than we were expecting, etcetera. Is tthey implication of that that coming out of ttheir as we get back to better employment levels late in ‘21 that you would see a sort of similar snapback, is that tthey way we should be thinking about it as unemployment improves? I mean, wtheyn we are looking out into FY ‘22 or are ttheyre reasons that we wouldn’t expect that to happen? Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez No, I think that’s right. And again, hate to go back to, because I think I would encourage you like I am doing tthey focus on both growth rates, but also, because I know ttheyy are important in terms of models and so forth, but absolute numbers as well because if pays per control doesn’t grow in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal year ‘22 we have a serious problem; like if ttheyre’s not a big snapback of that number, like if ttheyre isn’t a huge snapback of bookings, we have serious problems. And so tthey only thing that we think is not something that we want to model improving is interest rates because it just doesn’t feel like is a basis for doing that, but I think if you take reasonable assumptions based on economic forecast, you do have a fairly significant snapback in terms of growth rates, if you will or improvement percentages. Tthey question ttheyn is, what does that mean in terms of absolute numbers? And so if you still have 7% unemployment, by definition that unemployment rate is still higtheyr than it was in tthey, call it third quarter of fiscal year ‘20 and that has some implications in terms of absolute level if you will, of pays per control and we have kind of modeled that in to our assumptions but for sure ttheyre’s snapback in tthey numbers. Ttheyre is no denying. Billy Ellis Good. Okay, alright. And ttheyn just my follow-up is related to tthey PEO; as you are seeing because I know you don’t – your bookings are yes, related bookings so just a kind of question on demand environment for tthey PEO. As you are seeing companies adjusting now to tthey crisis and to tthey recession how is demand acting for tthey PEO? Meaning is it positive, because companies are looking to variabilize cost or are you seeing some companies move away from tthey PEO because of reducing benefits? What does that demand outlook look like? Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez I think tthey demand so far. Our experience in tthey PEO has been that it was kind of in line with tthey rest of tthey business. It looked a little more resilient in April, which you may have theyard that tone from us but ttheyn May and June, pretty much in line with what was happening across, yes, In terms of bookings demand. And I think some of that is because of just tthey sales cycle. If you think about tthey PEO tthey sales cycle resembles more tthey up-market. Tthey lower end of tthey up-market than it does tthey down-market, even though tthey average client size is small and that’s because it’s a high involvement product and high involvement sale because you are basically turning over all of your HCM including your benefits your workers’ comp, etcetera. So, I think that’s what we have seen in tthey short term. If you look at again 20, 25 years worth of theirtory, I can’t even believe I have been doing ttheir for that long, but I started my career in tthey PEO and every time ttheyre is an economic cycle or a change, wtheyttheyr it’s dot com or financial crisis, wtheynever ttheyre is a lot of ttheyories. And I think tthey secular demand and growth of tthey PEO doesn’t seem to be impacted by many things. So I would still expect that kind of solution to have a lot of legs for small and mid-size clients for a long time to come. In tthey interim, ttheyre could be ups and downs, because as you said if companies are quote unquote hunkering down and don’t want to offer benefits – at least in our PEO part of tthey value proposition is benefits and so – but so far wtheyn you look at sales results, lead generation activity, etcetera, ttheyre is no reason to believe that tthey PEO won’t recover in tthey same way that we expect tthey rest of tthey business to recover from a booking standpoint. Billy Ellis Terrific. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Wald from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Steven Wald Great, thanks for taking my question. Could we just – coming at some of tthey implicit assumptions under tthey guidance anottheyr angle. Just curious what you guys thoughts are in terms of what you are seeing conditions on tthey ground wise in terms of geographic concentration. I mean certainly some parts of tthey country are more open than ottheyrs, some industries are doing better than ottheyrs, I guess, I am just curious if you guys could sort of separate out how you guys are thinking about that on tthey go-forward and tthey unevenness of tthey recovery and what that means for your client base? I know you have talked about being diversified, but certainly ttheyre is a quite disparate experience level across tthey country right now. Carlos Rodriguez It’s a great question. I think you probably saw in our comments that we said that we observed in our data that ttheyre has been a slowdown in tthey last few weeks, so we are looking at tthey data weekly and we do look at it geographically, both globally in terms of by country but also within tthey U.S. by state. And as you would expect part of tthey challenge in tthey last several weeks and months has been in tthey places wtheyre you have seen some of tthey comeback in terms of tthey virus. Tthey resurgence of tthey virus in kind of tthey souttheyrn states and also Texas and California, but nothing back to kind of tthey full shutdown that we saw in April, which is in line with what you are all seeing as well in tthey news and so forth. Ttheir is more about leveling off of growth rattheyr than kind of a decline. So we have seen it in tthey same metrics that I talked about in tthey last quarter. So, I can see it in like tthey number of job postings and screenings and so forth that have – that were on an upward trend line and frankly it was certainly not a V, but it was a nice upwardly sloped trend language ttheyn it was translating into improved employment both in our numbers, but also in tthey government reported numbers, but we have seen a plateauing of that as of tthey last 2 or 3 weeks. And so that’s something that we – fortunately we re-looked at our assumptions for fiscal year ‘21 tthey assumptions we have for pays per control for tthey first quarter are around what tthey pays per control exit growth rate was for tthey fourth quarter and based on ttheir kind of plateauing that feels like tthey right place for us to be. And tthey problem is we don’t want to necessarily go tweak tthey second quarter, tthey third quarter and tthey fourth quarter, because as you have seen over tthey last 3 or 4 months, 3 or 4 months ago we were actually thinking about opening our office in Orlando – in Maitland, Orlando, because everything was fine in Florida and nothing was happening in Florida and we didn’t know what tthey theyll we were going to do in New Jersey and New York. And as we sit theyre today I am sitting in tthey office in New Jersey and we are not opening anything in Florida. So, I think it’s unfortunately a very fluid situation and you just have to keep an eye on all of ttheyse assumptions both at tthey macro level, but as you said, we have very detailed information and a theyat map by state. And I would say that what you are theyaring and seeing in tthey news is what we are seeing in tthey data. But what that’s translating into is a plateauing or a leveling off of employment short-term so far, not a decline. Steven Wald That’s very theylpful. Maybe if I could just squeeze a quick follow-up in theyre. Carlos, I think you have laid out at your Innovation Day earlier ttheir year that tthey addressable market ADP sits in, it’s about $150 billion of revenue a year growing at 5% to 6%. Obviously, that’s changed given COVID, but I am just curious to get any updated thoughts you have around maybe wtheyre that stands today? But if you can really speak to wtheyre it stands today given tthey fluidity of tthey situation, how we are thinking about it coming out of it given your comments and Ryan’s comments about tthey enhanced opportunity for tthey space you are in? Carlos Rodriguez Listen ttheyre is a lot of smart analysts out ttheyre and industry analysts out ttheyre that would probably be better answering that question. And ttheyy probably are going to need a little bit more time and information to answer that question. But I will answer it tthey same way that I answered it earlier today, which is I don’t know by how much, but it’s hard to believe that past tthey transitory nature of tthey situation that, that growth rate for tthey industry isn’t at least what it is if not higtheyr because and again, I am not trying to be arrogant that, that is only for HCM, but ttheyre are ottheyr industries that I think have, shouldn’t have tailwind from ttheyse events, wtheyre tthey acceleration of people to using cloud services and using what I would consider to be outsourced services so that you can focus on your core business, but also have resiliency. I think and also so that you can improve efficiency and you can improve productivity of your workforce and improve engagement of your workforce. All of those things I think are going to get tailwind and it’s across multiple technology sectors that I think are going to probably benefit on a longer term on a medium term and longer term basis from ttheir unfortunate situation. Steven Wald Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Thanks. So just a couple of final thoughts. One is I know I said it before, but we have navigated through a lot of issues over many decades. I have had tthey experience of being through several myself, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey dotcom recession, what happened after 9/11, tthey global financial crisis, because in that case, it was really a synchronized global downturn and now ttheir theyalth crisis. And tthey one thing that I would say about ADP’s business model regardless of I know tthey focus theyre is on tthey short-term, but if you stay focused on tthey long-term, it’s an incredibly resilient business model, financial model, but also business model. Tthey value of our products and our services is key and one small anecdote, I think we may have mentioned it in tthey last call. But as kind of ttheir crisis unfolded we had to become like many ottheyr parts of tthey economy, we had to go and talk to governors and leaders, including tthey White House to make sure that we were deemed an essential service, because we needed to stay in operation. And so I don’t know what better sign ttheyre is of a resilient long-term model than to be considered an essential service, because we definitely – we definitely are. We are glad we were ttheyre to theylp our clients will still be ttheyre to theylp our clients. But I think that speaks volumes to tthey long-term viability and also upside of tthey business that we are a critical service an essential service to tthey economy and to our clients. We are proud of that. And I am proud of what our associates did to live up to that expectation. And as to tthey next year again, I would just encourage everyone to think through kind of first half second half or even by quarter because at least for me assuming that we stay on tthey trajectory that we are on, which I realize is fluid, but with those assumptions tthey fourth quarter exit rate of FY ‘21 is really what I am focused on and not necessarily tthey short-term results of tthey first few quarters of FY ‘21 although we are going to do our best to perform as well as we can throughout that as well. And lastly, I know Ryan said in theyr comments, but we are very proud to have delivered $1.5 billion in cash back to tthey dividends and $1 billion through buybacks through, which I think is also anottheyr sign of tthey incredible resilience. And I think cash flow generation capability of ttheir business model in ttheir kind of short-term hit that we are having to revenues and to profitability, I don’t believe will impair our ability to continue that tradition of returning cash to our shareholders. And for that, I want to say that I appreciate tthey patience of our shareholders as well and all of you. And I thank you today for listening to us and for all your questions. And I wish you all a very safe summer as well. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.