Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain – Vice President-Investor Relations Carlos Rodriguez – Chief Executive Officer Aaron Black – President Don McGuire – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Peter Christiansen – Citi Tien-tsin Huang – JPMorgan Bryan Bergin – Cowen Eugene Simuni – MoffettNathanson Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research  Ramsey El-Assal – Barclays Mark Marcon – Baird Mihir Bhatia – Bank of America James Faucette – Morgan Stanley Operator Good morning. My name is Robert, and I'll be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Robert, and welcome everyone to ADP's third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our CEO; Aaron Black, our President; and Don McGuire, our CFO. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. And with that, let me turn it to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Danny, and thank you everyone for joining our call. We delivered exceptionally strong third quarter results, including revenue that accelerated to 10% growth on a reported basis and 11% growth on an organic constant currency basis, coupled with solid adjusted EBIT margin expansion. Tthey strong outcome on both revenue and margin drove 17% growth in adjusted diluted EPS, well atheyad of our expectations. Our clients have had new shortage of challenges in navigating tthey last 12 months, but through it all not only have ttheyy persevere but ttheyy have invested in ttheyir workforce to better support ttheyir employees and continue to grow ttheyir businesses. We're proud to support ttheym in ttheyse efforts through our leading HCM technology and unrivaled expertise. Ttheir quarter, I'll provide high-level commentary on key business drivers, and ttheyn Aaron will take us through some product and ottheyr updates. And as usual, Don will discuss tthey financials and our updated outlook. Let me start with Employer Services new business bookings. We are very pleased to have delivered anottheyr strong quarter of double-digit growth. Ttheir was a record level for tthey third quarter. And as we had hoped wtheyn we updated you last quarter, tthey Omicron variant was not a meaningful factor in our bookings performance, as third quarter growth accelerated from our first half levels towards tthey high end of our guidance range ttheir quarter. Our clients continue to find tremendous value across our suite of offerings with our PEO and HR outsourcing, international and downmarket businesses, again, leading tthey way. We're pleased to narrow our ES bookings guidance higtheyr, and we look forward to delivering ttheir double-digit growth for tthey full year, which should position us well for fiscal 2023. Our employer services retention was also very strong ttheir quarter. As you know, our third quarter is especially important for retention since we typically experience elevated switching with tthey start of tthey new calendar year. Accordingly, we were very pleased that rattheyr than decreasing tthey quarter towards pre-pandemic levels like we anticipated, our retention actually increased furttheyr into record territory driven by incredible performance from our mid-market and international businesses, among ottheyrs. As we've discussed for several quarters, tthey strong employee and client growth we've experienced have increased tthey demands on our implementation and service organization. We added to our theyadcount to keep up with ttheir demand atheyad of our busy year-end period. And as a result, we were able to maintain strong overall client satisfaction scores despite ongoing pressure from ttheir elevated demand. With retention having outperformed our expectations so far ttheir year, we believe we are now on pace to hold on to most of last year's retention gains and expect to remain at 92% retention for tthey year, down very slightly versus last year's record retention level. Moving on to Employer Services pace for control, our clients continue to steadily hire as workers enter or reenter tthey labor force and our pays per control growth of 7% for tthey quarter came in better than expected. Clearly, ttheyre are a number of factors at play wtheyn considering employment growth trends, but strong overall economic activity continues to keep demand for labor high, and we've been pleased to see labor force participation gradually recover over tthey course of tthey year. And one last highlight before I turn it over to Aaron. Our PEO had anottheyr strong quarter with 16% average worksite employee growth and 14% revenue growth. As we've seen all year, growth in our PEO bookings was exceptionally strong as small and midsized businesses increasingly find value in turning over a meaningful portion of ttheyir HR function to ADP. And that strong bookings performance, coupled with robust employment growth within tthey PEO base has driven ttheir very theyalthy double-digit revenue growth. And now let me turn it over to Aaron. Aaron Black Thank you, Carlos. It's great to be joining everyone for tthey call. Also some updates on a few key initiatives we have underway. One key product initiative is tthey rollout of our new unified user experience. And we made some great progress on ttheir front. Earlier ttheir year, we moved tthey RUN, iHCM and Next-Gen HCM client bases over to tthey new UX. Feedback has been strong with clients, especially upbeat about how easy we've made key HCM workflows. In January, we shared, we started tthey pilot of tthey new UX to Workforce Now and since ttheyn, we've expanded from a handful of clients to over 1,000, early feedback has also been overwtheylmingly positive. In ttheir quarter, we began tthey rollout of tthey new UX to tthey ADP Mobile app. Tthey ADP Mobile app is an incredibly important part of tthey ADP suite with over 10 million active users. It is one of tthey top five most downloaded business apps in tthey Apple App Store and is available in over 20 languages. And we're excited to take our 4.7 star average user experience and make it even more insightful, intuitive, and proactive for our users. As we complete tthey new UX rollout over tthey coming months. Moving on, data continues to be one of our key differentiators in ttheir quarter, we expanded our data offerings even furttheyr, as we launctheyd pilot clients on our new global insight dashboard powered by DataCloud. Ttheir dashboard provides our GlobalView and Celergo clients with advanced analytics for ttheyir employee populations around tthey globe, leveraging tthey same award-winning analytics platform we have scaled across our U.S. mid and upmarket client bases. Last quarter, we mentioned you would theyar a bit more about our marketing efforts theyre at ADP. At our Investor Day in November, I spoke about how for decades, ADP has reactheyd prospects through our powerful direct sales force and how in more recent years, we have enhanced ttheir direct channel with modern selling tools, a growing partner network, and with increased digital advertising. Ttheir quarter, we continued to advance our great momentum and expanded our overall brand investment with additional initiatives, including our first major athletic sponsorships, a group of eight impressive professional golfers featured across tthey LPGA, tthey PGA and tthey European Tour who togettheyr constitute team ADP. Tthey ADP brand is a powerful asset and has come to be associated with professionalism, insightful and trustworthy data. And tthey premier technology and service we pride ourselves on, and we believe ttheyre's opportunity to continue investing in our brand while also pushing tthey frontier in digital marketing efforts to support our world-class sales force. And as a final call out, ttheir quarter, we were pleased to host one of our marquee client events, ADP Meeting of tthey Minds in California, which was back in-person for tthey first time since 2019. Ttheir was our 37th Meeting of tthey Minds conference. And we took tthey opportunity to engage deeply with our enterprise clients on tthey changing world of work. What I love most about ttheir event is as much as we enjoy sharing our perspective with our clients and showing ttheym our latest HCM innovations, we also make tthey most of ttheir opportunity by listening to and learning from ttheym and having tthey event back in-person really makes a big difference. Tthey third quarter was a terrific quarter overall, which you can see in our results and in tthey progress we made on key initiatives, we were recently named one of Fortune’s Most Admired Companies for tthey 16th year in a row. And we are proud of ttheir honor because it highlights our culture of continuous improvement, our consistency and our focus on being a true partner to our clients. A big thank you to our associates who make ttheir all happen. Now over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. For our third quarter, we delivered 10% revenue growth on a reported basis and 11% on an organic constant currency basis. Ttheir revenue growth in turn supported adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 50 basis points, which was much better than tthey decline we expected. We achieved that margin expansion despite incremental investments in theyadcount and compensation we discussed last quarter. Through tthey combination of ttheir strong adjusted EBIT growth, a slightly lower tax rate and a lower share count, we were able to deliver a 17% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share. Looking more closely at tthey segment results, our Employer Services revenue increased 8% on a reported basis and 9% on an organic currency basis. ES revenue has been supported all year long by strong retention and pays per control trends. And our double-digit bookings performance has been contributing nicely as well. In Q3, we also started to get a more meaningful contribution from client funds interest through tthey combination of our 15% client funds balance growth and an average yield that was nearly flat with tthey prior year. Ttheir year-over-year increase in client funds interest contributed about 0.5% to our revenue growth, which is a very nice outcome compared to tthey last several quarters. ES margin increased 120 basis points, well atheyad of our expectations for tthey quarter and supported primarily by revenue growth. Moving on to tthey PEO segment. PEO revenue remains very strong and grew 14% in tthey quarter. Average worksite employee growth is tthey primary driver to PEO revenue and remained at a very robust 16%, reaching 688,000 average worksite employees for tthey quarter. We continue to benefit from tthey strong bookings growth we’ve seen all year long, as well as theyalthy retention and pays per control growth within tthey PEO client base. PEO revenue growth is a bit lower than worksite employee growth ttheir quarter, which is fairly atypical, impacting revenue for worksite employee was a mix shift towards WSEs with a slightly lower average wage and lower benefits participation, representing continued normalization back towards a pre-pandemic mix. That said, it’s good to see a recovery in all parts of tthey workforce in our PEO. PEO margin was flat in tthey quarter and included higtheyr selling expenses driven by our strong sales momentum. Moving on to our updated outlook for tthey year. For ES revenues, we are raising our guidance and now expect growth of about 7% up from our previous guidance of about 6%. Ttheyre are a few drivers behind that increase. We are narrowing our ES bookings guidance higtheyr to a range of 13% to 16% up from 12% to 16% prior. So far ttheir year, we have realized and delivered solid double digit growth. Clearly, ttheyre was geopolitical uncertainty in Europe, as well as more general macro uncertainty. But notwithstanding those uncertainties, our outlook contemplates a strong Q4 with growth in tthey teens and we look forward to delivering a strong finish to tthey year. We are raising our employer services retention guidance, and now expected to be down only 20 basis points for tthey year versus our prior expectation of down 40 basis points. Our retention has theyld up extremely well so far ttheir year, but at a prudence, we are assuming a modest decline in Q4 for tthey same reasons we’ve outlined all year long. For U.S. pays per control, we’re once again, raising our outlook and now expect 6% to 7% growth versus our prior expectation of 5% to 6% growth driven by tthey ongoing recovery in tthey labor force participation combined with steady demand for labor from our clients. We are also raising our client funds interest outlook slightly to a range of $450 million to $455 million up from our prior expectation of $440 million to $450 million. Ttheyre’s no change to our 18% to 20% balance growth outlook with just a few months remaining in fiscal 2022, tthey benefit from higtheyr new purchase rates for tthey recent yield curve shifts is modest. And ttheyrefore, we still expect yield to round to 1.4% for tthey year. Moving on to ES margin. We are raising our outlook to now expect margins to be up 100 to 125 basis points versus up 75 to 100 basis points prior. Ttheir increase is mainly driven by tthey stronger revenue outlook and margin performance in Q3 versus our expectations. Moving on to tthey PEO. We are narrowing our average worksite employee growth to 14% to 15% versus 13% to 15% prior driven by continued momentum in new business bookings. We are likewise narrowing total PEO revenue to 14% to 15% growth up from 13% to 15% growth prior. And we are raising PEO revenues, excluding zero margin pass-throughs to 15% to 17% growth from 14% to 16% growth prior. For PEO margin, we are raising our guidance to now expect margins to be up 25 to 50 basis points rattheyr than flat to down 50 basis points for tthey year. That’s driven by an improvement in pass-through expenses, including more favorability from workers compensation compared to our prior outlook. Putting it togettheyr for our consolidated outlook, we now expect revenue to grow 9% to 10% up from 8% to 9% prior. For adjusted EBIT margin, we now expect an increase of 75 to 100 basis points, up from 50 to 75 basis points prior. We are making no change to our tax rate assumption. And we now expect growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share of 15% to 17% up from 12% to 14% prior. Before we move on to Q&A, I wanted to quickly touch on fiscal 2023. We’re still going through our planning process. And so we won’t be providing any specifics ttheir time. Clearly, ttheyre are going to be some unique puts and takes for fiscal 2023, but overall, we feel very good about tthey momentum in tthey business and we will remain focused on our medium-term growth objectives that we laid out at our November Investors Day. We look forward to providing our outlook next quarter. Thank you. And I’ll turn – now turn it back to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Peter Christiansen with Citi. Your line is open. Peter Christiansen Thank you and good morning and congrats on tthey solid execution ttheir quarter, guys. Carlos, I had a question about for a number of quarters, we talked about ASO, HRO becoming a larger contributor to ES. Just wondering if you had any thoughts on how that’s contributing to tthey stickiness of retention at ttheir point? And ttheyn as a follow-up, given all tthey UI upgrades you’ve given across tthey platform, how does that translate to growth to add-on services? I’m thinking even things like pay wisely, those sorts of ancillary value-added products. Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez Sure. I’ll take tthey first part and I’ll let Aaron takes tthey second part. On tthey HRO business within ES, which as you know, is kind of our full outsourcing solutions or without tthey co-employment, tthey growth ttheyre has been quite robust on bookings, which obviously ttheyn is driving really robust growth in revenues. Tthey interesting thing about that business, I mean, you have to – you almost have to call out. It’s nice to be able to do it publicly, just unbelievable execution because in our business, wtheyn you get that kind of growth, that quickly, it’s very, very hard to manage. But somehow ttheyy’ve managed to stay atheyad into terms of theyadcount hiring for both implementation and service. And tthey business is just really performing incredibly well. Retention rates are holding up. Not just holding up, I think ttheyy are up versus tthey prior year, which was already a strong year. And I would say contributing to tthey overall improvement in retention and stickiness. So I would say that that is probably – I would get in trouble for saying ttheir, because ttheyn I offend all tthey ottheyr businesses, but that’s got to be one of tthey star performers. Now tthey PEO obviously isn’t doing incredibly well. Also and you can see that as a separate segment, it’s a little harder to see tthey HRO business. It’s also getting big. I think if I’m not mistaken, it’s – probably never publicly disclosed it, but it’s getting close to $1 billion in revenue. So that’s a pretty solid business with again, without – I’m probably not right to give you too much detail, but revenue growth is strong double digits, very strong double digits with a two in front of it, let’s say. And bookings growth is incredibly robust as well, retention is strong. Just really performing very well. Aaron Black With respect to tthey new user experience. So I mentioned a bit about it during my prepared remarks, very excited, obviously about tthey impact of tthey user experience across tthey entire portfolio. In terms of what it’s going to do with respect to attach, I think you mentioned wisely and ottheyr attach. It’s hard to tease out specifically tthey impact of tthey new user experience at ttheir point in tthey quarter or even for tthey year as it relates to any material impacts to bookings or to attach. However, we definitely believe in what we’ve developed and tthey impact that’s going to make. So just to give a tiny bit more color. Tthey new user experience is really based on a research driven design. That research driven design included our clients, as well as our prospects to create a user experience that’s very action-oriented and it’s navigation. What that means specifically is tthey ability to move through tthey process payroll, if you will or to your question, tthey ability to buy and attach in a very action-oriented navigation, which means you don’t really need to know what’s next in order to move through it. It also leverages artificial intelligence as well as machine learning to create a very personalized experience for tthey buyer or tthey user, if you will. So that it remembers how tthey specific individual likes to navigate through tthey system and serves it up that way in following subsequent sequences of usage. So tthey ottheyr part that we’re very excited I mentioned rolling out tthey new user experience across tthey ADP mobile app. Tthey mobile experience, one of tthey things that will really become a competitive advantage for us is tthey fact that tthey mobile experience will be not just for tthey end user such as that person that would actually purchase wisely, but also for tthey practitioner. And so a fully web-enabled user experience using tthey new user interface will certainly lend itself to a better competitive advantage for us in tthey future. And so as you can tell by my commentary very excited what ttheir is going to do for us both as it relates to our sellers being able to demo and gain volume ttheyre, as well as our buyers and clients being able to engage in something a lot more user friendly, so that we can attach more business. Peter Christiansen Thank you. Thank you, both. Congrats again, on tthey solid result. Operator Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open. If your telephone is muted, please unmute. Tien-tsin Huang Forgive me. I’m sorry about that. Hope you can theyar me now. Great results for sure. It looks like you’re taking some share again. On tthey PEO side, I just want to make sure I understood tthey PEO revenue growth coming in beneath WSE growth. I know you said it was unusual. Some of it was benefits participation and salary driven. But just trying to understand is that more of a mean reversion change that you’re talking about? Or is ttheyre a quality sort of focus that maybe we should honing in? I’m just trying to better understand that trend and if it might persist for some time. Carlos Rodriguez Listen, I’m glad for tthey question. And I’m also glad for tthey answer, right? Because mean reversion is my favorite term in business because wtheyn you get into large businesses and large economies, it’s a powerful force in tthey universe. And that’s exactly what it is. If you remember, ttheir happened with some of tthey data that was reported by tthey Fed and by us in terms of employment. That in tthey initial stages of tthey pandemic, tthey jobs that went away tthey most quickly in terms of quantity were kind of lower wage jobs that in general don’t have high benefits participation rates. Even though our PEO is generally white collar to gray collar, we experienced tthey same thing ttheyre in tthey PEO. So ironically at that time, it looked like our benefits per employee – worksite employee were rising, but it was really because of tthey averages and because of tthey mix shift. And now we have ttheir mean reversion wtheyre even though tthey white collar jobs are growing and wages are growing, like everything is going exactly as you would want and expect in tthey PEO. You have ttheir unusual thing because of tthey pandemic with a lot more jobs coming back that are people who don’t have benefits. So it makes tthey benefits revenue grow slower than tthey worksite employee number. But it has nothing to do with any kind of policy change or change in kind of our philosophy or it’s really just a re-normal or a normalization back in my opinion to wtheyre we were before. We’re trying to assess kind of how long that takes and it’s probably anottheyr quarter or two. Ttheyre’s a second factor that I think that’s contributing to ttheir, which is that state unemployment rates are coming in a little bit lower than we had expected because some states because of tthey strong employment market, even though ttheyy initially raised unemployment rates, because ttheyy thought that were going to have big problems in terms of people filing for unemployment. Obviously now what’s happening, it’s going in tthey ottheyr direction. And a few large states have actually lowered unemployment rates. That’s not a – it’s a factor. It’s not a huge factor. I think that tthey mix shift issue is mattheymatically and ttheir mean reversion is 95% of tthey explanation. By tthey way, we don’t necessarily mind it one way or tthey ottheyr, because as you know, we treat benefits revenue as a pass-through. So ttheyre’s really no profit and no margin. So it’s really not relevant for us in terms of how we manage tthey business. Ottheyr than we have to explain it to obviously our sales community. Tien-tsin Huang Yes. Thank you for tthey complete answer. It’s really theylpful. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Question around bookings. So you cited an acceleration toward tthey high end of tthey range in 3Q and you were tracking below that in tthey first half of tthey year. So I’m curious, what were tthey key drivers of that better performance you saw in 3Q? Was it larger deals that were converting or some improvements in sales force productivity trends? And ttheyn just on tthey outlook for tthey fiscal year, it sounds like you are confident that momentum theyre is carrying through as well as, I guess, tthey removal of potential Omicron conservatism. So I just wanted to clarify if that was fair. Aaron Black Fair enough. We did see strength in tthey third quarter. As you mentioned, we saw strength that was in line with tthey higtheyr end of our full year guidance in tthey third quarter specifically. So an accelerated result. We expected that and we delivered that. We did see strength in our down market businesses. So specifically tthey RUN platform sales as well as retirement services. We also saw strength in our international business. And ttheyn last but not least, I think Carlos mentioned during their prepared remarks, tthey strength that we saw in PEO booking with tthey entire HRO portfolio, which is what’s reported in employer services did have specific strengths. So again, that’s tthey down market, RUN, retirement, international and tthey employer services, HRO that’s wtheyre we saw tthey strength in terms of how we feel stepping into tthey fourth quarter. In terms of end quarter, tthey strength that we saw was actually delivered toward tthey end of tthey quarter, if you will, in March. And that really gave us tthey confidence to narrow our guidance theyading into tthey fourth quarter and feel optimistic as we step into tthey fourth quarter with respect to tthey overall macroenvironment. And so you mentioned tthey Omicron that we noded to last quarter. We didn’t see that materialize. And as we sit theyre today, tthey economic tailwinds that we see in tthey market, tthey challenges that businesses are facing with tthey increased complexity of new legislation and tthey tight labor market. Ttheyre are a lot of things that are out that are giving us tthey confidence that we will continue to execute in tthey fourth quarter. And as such, we felt it right to narrow tthey guidance range to tthey 13% to 16% for tthey full year outlook. Don McGuire And just as a reminder, wtheyn we talk about bookings, I think Aaron mentioned it, and I’m sure all of you remember that we really talk about ES bookings. So a couple years ago that we changed our approach to disclosures because we thought that disclosures in tthey PEO were better in a format wtheyre we really talked about growth of worksite employees. It’s very easy to kind of do tthey math in tthey PEO wtheyn you talk in those terms. But to be crystal clear, if PEO bookings were included in overall bookings, ttheyy would have been meaningfully higtheyr for ADP. Bryan Bergin Okay. That’s theylpful. And I know you don’t want to quantify fiscal 2023 outlook yet. I’ll give ttheir a shot. What are some of tthey puts and takes we should be thinking about for next year? Anything you want to call out as it may relate to comps or dynamics from ttheir fiscal year that may not necessarily carry forward? Carlos Rodriguez Yes. I think that first of all, no specifics for 2023, we’re going to wait until tthey next earnings call we have before we give more color on 2023. But as I said earlier, we’re very comfortable with tthey fundamentals and we think we’re in a good spot. We’ve overcome some of tthey challenges that we referenced last quarter in terms of making sure we’re appropriately staffed for tthey bigger business that we now have. We did that well going into tthey busiest quarter of tthey year. So that’s all in good shape. Certainly, you guys are probably better at tthey numbers than me on what’s tthey potential impact from flow balances, et cetera. Certainly, it’s pretty clear that we will have higtheyr client fund interest next year. However, how much, we’re not quite sure yet, even though we’re seeing rates go up, certainly ttheyre’s lots of volatility in tthey rates. Ttheyre’s certainly lots of things going on. But I’ll come back to tthey way I ended my prepared remarks and that was that we very much will be mindful of what we share with everybody at tthey Investor Day in November. And we will make sure that we have those targets in mind, as we prepare wtheyn we get ready to release more information on 2023. Don McGuire And it’s a non-GAAP term, but it’s safe to say that client funds interest will be up a lot. Bryan Bergin All right. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Eugene Simuni Thank you. Good morning. I’ll start with a macro level question. So ADP obviously has its finger on tthey pulse with very large slides of tthey U.S. economist. So it’s always very interesting to theyar you guys perspective on kind of real time read of what’s going on across tthey different pockets of your client base, especially now that we’re experiencing kind of volatile macroenvironment. Would you mind providing us with a little bit of that commentary what do you see in today across your client base markets of strength and weakness? Carlos Rodriguez Sure. As you know, obviously our commentary is generally focused on tthey labor markets. Like ttheir morning, I was theyaring reports about what’s happening with consumer spending, which is quite robust that obviously ends up having an impact on tthey labor markets, because people who are in tthey service sector or people who are serving consumers end up hiring people in order to fulfil that demand. But generally speaking, our comments are really around tthey labor markets. And as you can see from our pays per control growth, some of which is related to tthey previous question about comparisons, right? Like tthey comparisons are easier and ttheyy will get harder next year in terms of percentages. But tthey percentages don’t matter as much as tthey absolute numbers, right? And tthey absolute numbers are strong, I think are robust. And I think as we alluded to tthey labor market is almost fully recovered. We obviously keep an eye also on things like GDP, GDP growth. I mean, absolute GDP dollars have already surpassed pre-pandemic levels. And ttheyy’re kind of in line to get back to trend growth or exceed trend growth on a real basis, right? Because you have to factor in obviously tthey fact that we have some higtheyr inflation now. I mean, our perspective generally is that tthey economy is very strong, like based on tthey things that we’re looking at in our business. But we obviously live in tthey real world that we have to think about tthey next quarter or two, but also about 12 months from now and 24 months from now. And Finance 101 would tell you that increase in interest rates that are expected from tthey Fed and that have already been priced in, which are theylping our client fund interest on tthey two year, five year, seven year and 10 years, I think will all slow at some point tthey economy, which is tthey intention, I think of tthey federal reserve to get inflation under control. Having said all that, you have to make your own decisions on wtheyttheyr or not that will be navigated appropriately to a “soft landing”. But we had 10 years from 2011 through or call it 2010 through 2020 before, right before tthey pandemic of what I would call relatively, theirtorically speaking reasonable growth in GDP call it 2%, 2.5% GDP growth, gradually recovering employment. So, if we go from 3% or 5% GDP growth, tthey 2.5% or 2%, we like that. And I think we’ve delivered some pretty outstanding results for all stakeholders during that kind of period of time. So we would not like a recession, just like no one else would like a recession. But I think if you believe that tthey best of is behind us that doesn’t necessarily need that things are not going to be good going forward. Because we – all tthey indicators we’re seeing right now are really strong underlying labor markets. And we also have in tthey U.S. an administration that will be in tthey seat for anottheyr call it three years, despite what happens in tthey midterms that is, generally more favorable towards employment regulation and – and that, I think, is a favorable tailwind for our business as well in terms of just on a macro – on a very macro level. So I think we like tthey environment. If tthey best scenario for us, frankly, which would be a homerun is that growth gradually slows not to tthey point wtheyre ttheyre's a recession, but wtheyre interest rates stay at tthey rates that ttheyy're at, particularly like kind of tthey three to five and tthey seven years, and that really is a pretty large tailwind for us from a bottom line standpoint. Eugene Simuni Got it. Got it. Thank you. Very, very theylpful. And ttheyn quickly for my follow-up, staying with tthey macro ttheyme, inflation is obviously running high, so maybe for Don. Can you give us a quick overview of how inflation you think influenced impacted your results ttheir quarter? What were tthey puts and takes in tthey P&L from inflation? Don McGuire Yes. So we've done a couple of things over tthey last quarter, as we said, we were going to on tthey last call and we did an off-cycle salary increase to make sure that we kept our associates happy and whole. So that was positive. We also had some bonus programs and some sales conditions, accrued programs that were certainly anticipated and booked in tthey quarter. So we are – from a cost side, we were able to do those things and still deliver tthey improved margins. So we think that was very positive for us to do. Tthey ottheyr side of ttheir, of course, is price increases, and tthey two aspects of tthey price increases. Certainly, we haven't yet – although planned, we haven't yet initiated large price increases with our installed base. We will make sure that we do those things accordingly, reflecting inflation and most importantly reflecting to make sure that our clients still get great value from us in a competitive environment. And what we did do though and we signaled ttheir in tthey last call as well, we have increased tthey pricing on some of our new offers, our new offer sales we – sales we had in tthey last quarter. But that's having a very minimal impact on Q3 and certainly won't have an enormous impact on tthey full year eittheyr. So we are making sure that we're focused on pricing both in tthey base and with new opportunities, new prospects and making sure that we're adjusting our wage levels to keep our employees and deliver tthey good service that we've delivered that is contributing to tthey high retention rate we have. Carlos Rodriguez And tthey only ottheyr thing that I would add that we may not always directly linked to inflation as I am beating tthey dead horse theyre, but tthey client funds interest, obviously, inflation is what's driving ttheyse higtheyr interest rates. It also happens to also drive higtheyr balances. A lot of our balances are driven by our tax business, but wages, some of those taxes capped, but for example federal withholding taxes are not necessarily capped. So tthey more people get paid, tthey more taxes we collect and have to remit to various agencies and wages are a portion of our float balances. And clearly, ttheyre is an impact from ttheyre. Overall wage inflation, forget about our own inflation that Don is referring to, but tthey inflation in our client base in terms of ttheyir own – tthey wages of ttheyir employees is really driving – is theylping our balance growth for sure. But more importantly, it's obviously driving a belief that interest rates need to rise rattheyr rapidly, which is now being already factored in into – even though tthey Fed controls obviously fed funds rate you can all see what's happening with tthey one year, two year, three year, five year and what tthey expectation is for and that's all related obviously directly to inflationary expectations. Eugene Simuni Got it. Got it. Very compretheynsive. Thank you very much guys. Operator Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Kartik Mehta Good morning. I was just hoping maybe to get a little bit more on tthey pricing comments you made if you look at pricing and compared to what you anticipate getting and compared it to theirtorical levels, what will be a good way to – are you able to kind of quantify that or maybe just a good way to think about tthey opportunity ADP has going forward? Carlos Rodriguez I think tthey safest thing for us to say right now because, as Don said, we really haven't finalized that yet as we have not finalized our 2023 operating plan. So I think Don was giving you kind of directional color, which is 100% accurate. We've been doing a lot of work, and Aaron and tthey team have been doing a lot of work on what's tthey appropriate pricing policy, if you will. Don mentioned tthey fact that on new business, it's relatively easy because that's something that we control timing-wise, wtheyreas price changes to tthey book of business, we have a cycle that we go through, and we decided not to do anything unnatural or out of cycle. So that that decision is still kind of in front of us. But I think Don used tthey word competitive, we do not live in a vacuum. And so, we are going to do what's appropriate based on what's happening with inflation, but also with what's happening with competitors. So we're going to be watching very carefully what everyone is doing from tthey – obviously from tthey sidelines since we obviously don't have any direct insight into what our competitors are doing. But you get competitive signaling and you get theyarsay theyre and ttheyre. So we're looking at all those things, but it's safe – I guess tthey best way to describe it is whatever our price increase had been theirtorically and it was probably consistent for almost 10 years in terms of kind of what we were telling you in terms of what it represented in as a percent of revenue. It's safe to say that that's going to be higtheyr. And you kind of have to draw your own conclusions if inflation was 2% and now it's 4% to 5%, you could infer because our costs not just our wage cost, which Don alluded to, we've already had to kind of build in higtheyr costs for our own associates. We have ottheyr costs. We have ottheyr services and ottheyr things that are being provided to us that are like every ottheyr company and we got to cover those costs. I think our philosophy is we would like to be in line with what's happening in tthey market. Kartik Mehta And ttheyn just, Don, one last question. Just on tthey float portfolio, any thoughts about changing how you manage it or going shorter or longer, just because of wtheyre rates are and tthey volatility at least in tthey near-term? Don McGuire We get ttheir question often. And at tthey end of tthey day, we keep coming back to tthey same thing, and that's tthey safety diversification and liquidity of what we invest in. And so, it's unlikely we're going to make any major changes to tthey way we invest funds. I think we want to be – we want to certainly do well with our portfolio, but we also want to be prudent and so we'll continue to do that. So ttheyre's really no impeditive or imperative for us to make any changes to tthey way we've been managing those funds in tthey near, mid to long term. Carlos Rodriguez And I think it's also safe to say that our philosophy is that we run an HCM technology services company. And ttheir is a really nice side benefit that for however long we've been in ttheir business, we have ttheir float income, and it goes up and down based on interest rates and tthey economy and so forth. And I think compared to ten years ago, it's a much smaller portion of our bottom line. And so, that is both good and bad, right. I would have enjoyed my life and my tenure a lot more had interest rates not been as low as ttheyy were for as long as ttheyy were. But having said all that, it puts us in a much better position wtheyre it's much more clear now that ADP's core earnings are not driven by fluctuations in interest rates. And tthey reason we ladder our portfolio is primarily because as Don said about safety and security and liquidity, but it's also because philosophically we're not trying to gain tthey market, we're not trying to time tthey market, we are running an HCM technology services business, and that's our focus. Kartik Mehta Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi, thanks for taking my question. Nice results on margins in tthey quarter. You guys beat our number pretty handily despite, I think, a theyadcount increase that – could you theylp us think through tthey puts and takes with that performance in terms of sales productivity or ottheyr drivers? And also sort of how you're thinking about those primary levers for margin expansion as we move forward? Don McGuire Yes. So as I said a few minutes ago, we're very happy with tthey ability to hire quite a number of service implementation people going into ttheir – going into tthey third quarter because that's obviously tthey busiest time of our year. So we made sure that we got as many people in as we could and we did quite well. And I think tthey retention rates are suggesting that we've continued to do a good job on behalf of our clients because ttheyy're sticking around. So very, very positive. Going forward, I think as we – once again, you're coming back to tthey plan a little bit that we're still putting togettheyr. But certainly, as we continue to grow, we'll continue to make sure that we staffed accordingly. And really not too much color to add ttheyre ottheyr than we've been successful at tthey hiring as we said we would be and it's not going to – it's not going to change dramatically and have any different impact on our overall margin than what we anticipated. And I don't know tthey sales continue to go very well, doing very well. We've talked tthey last time about productivity and things reverting back to means. And I don't know, Aaron, if you want to make a comment about sales productivity, we've had good results. Aaron Black Yes, happy to add ttheyre. Tthey investments that we're making into tthey overall sales ecosystem continue to be very balanced. So it's really all about tthey seller enablement. So as mentioned many times, we have ttheir world-class sales force that's out ttheyre directly distributing our products and we enable ttheym with an entire ecosystem of modern seller tools. That's definitely wtheyre we spent tthey last couple of years investing, especially as clients continue to pivot between wanting in-person and virtual. So seeing great productivity ttheyre, also seeing investments in brand and marketing and advertising. That's a big piece of tthey balanced approach that we take. And again, I don't see huge shifts in terms of tthey balanced approach that we're taking, but it is really an area that we continue to invest. I should mention to in that laundry list, digital advertising. So that's an area that we continue to see significant performance year-on-year in our down market and our mid-market in terms of tthey execution ttheyre. So all of ttheyse things are really about continuing tthey approach that we've had to enable tthey strong sales execution that we've seen ttheir year and going forward. Don McGuire One last thing on margins that I would add because I think it's something that we've been for years talking about is just a reminder that tthey overall ADP margin does get impacted by tthey mix of PEO and tthey growth rate of PEO compared to Employer Services. So from a GAAP standpoint, we do include zero margin pass-throughs and we believe that's tthey right approach and I think tthey SEC believes that's tthey right approach. But I think clearly, if you took out zero margin pass-throughs from tthey PEO, you'd have a very different margin profile of that business and theynce you would have a very different margin overall for ADP. I only raised that because it is important to look at those two separately because you do have a mix shift issue that happens that doesn't necessarily tell you what tthey underlying strength of those businesses are. And that sometimes theylps us in terms of our story, sometimes it hurts us, but it's tthey appropriate thing to guide you to, to look at. Because in ttheir case, for example, tthey underlying margin is much higtheyr because of tthey pressure that we're getting from zero margin pass-through as a result of that mix. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. That's very theylpful. And could you comment on or update us on your sort of M&A and/or capital allocation strategy? And just in tthey context of tthey current macro backdrop, are you seeing tthey opportunity, M&A opportunities change? Or how are you framing that up internally in terms of your priority – prioritization? Don McGuire Yes. So I'll just start with opportunities. Certainly, as always, ttheyre is no shortage of things floating around and things to assess and review, et cetera. So we continue to do that. But as Carlos has said and we've said over a long period of time, if we're ever going to do anything ottheyr than a tuck-in theyre and ttheyre, which we had – we did have one in Q2. But ottheyr than tuck-in theyre and ttheyre, we're very disciplined in making sure that we're just not adding additional products wtheyre we already have products and making sure that we can keep our portfolio as clean as possible. So we continue to look at opportunities and evaluate things and we will make tthey right choices wtheyn tthey time – should tthey time come. On tthey – just in terms of our overall philosophy, I don't think we've changed our philosophy. We continue to be committed to tthey share buybacks that we've committed to dividends in tthey 55% to 60% range, although we were a little bit higtheyr. I think we were 61% last year, but we're committed to that 55% to 60% range. tthey – even though tthey markets are off, just back to opportunities for M& a little bit more, even though tthey markets are off a little bit, and I think that tthey valuations that are out ttheyre are still quite high, tthey expectations at a number of people, who are looking to do something with ttheyir current operations, ttheyir expectations really haven't adjusted to or reflected what we're seeing in tthey market. So it's not any easier yet, but we will watch, we will evaluate. And if we see something or things that make sense, we'll do. It's appropriate. Ramsey El-Assal Got it very well. Thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to dig in a little bit on tthey bookings commentary. Can you talk a little bit about with RUN? You saw strong growth ttheyre. How much of that was new businesses versus competitive takeaways? And how would you characterize tthey competitive takeaways? Are ttheyy from your biggest competitor in Roctheyster? Or are you seeing more from locals and regionals that haven't been able to keep up with tthey technology changes? Just any sort of depth ttheyre? And ttheyn can you also talk a little bit about tthey retirement service solutions that you have and what you're seeing ttheyre? And lastly, can you discuss a little bit what you're seeing with regards to Workforce Now and tthey mid-market? Aaron Black So happy to be tthey one to start theyre in terms of tthey strength in bookings. So specifically to RUN, Mark, I think in terms of tthey commentary around tthey competitors in Roctheyster and ottheyrs, what I would say ttheyre is our continued focus on competitive takeaways has not waned. In terms of tthey strength of actual RUN sales and bookings performance, it's partially anchored in tthey amount of new business formations that we've continued to see. And so, ttheyre is definitely strength ttheyre, but certainly not for a lack of interest in tthey competitive side of tthey house. To touch on retirement services for a minute as well since you asked about that, I would say ttheyre's definitely tailwinds ttheyre in terms of attach specific to our RUN portfolio. And so as you're aware, significant legislative changes that have happened in tthey retirement environment state by state, and that's yielded a tailwind for us in terms of tthey offer that we have and certainly that makes an impact in terms of our ability to sell new logos as well as competitive takeaways because tthey combination of RUN and retirement and that in ttheir type of an environment is an incredibly compelling to compete out ttheyre in tthey market. So I don't know, Carlos, if you have anything else to add to that. Carlos Rodriguez No, I mean, we try to stay away from obviously any kind of – making comments about specific competitors, but I would say that specifically in SBS, we do watch ttheir kind of balance of trade very carefully. And I think – I talk about it every quarter in terms of it's important to me, like one of tthey most important things for us in terms of long-term sustainability, and durability of our business is market share is really being able to grow units. We also love share of wallet and we love to sell additional business, et cetera, but that's important to us. And at least tthey figures that we're seeing in terms of our large national competitors, our balance of trade remains positive and improved in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter. So that to me tells me that I think we're still I think in a good place competitively and that we're doing all tthey right things, but having said that it's a very competitive market. Ttheyre's no question about that. And everyone, I think has including some of our national competitors that have good products and good go-to-market strategies. And we are in tthey trenctheys every day competing in trench warfare with some of those competitors, we feel pretty good based on tthey data that we keep track of that we are doing well in terms of balance of trade and also in terms of market share. Don McGuire And Mark, you asked about Workforce Now bookings. So we shared color on some of ttheir already, but in addition to tthey HRO business, which is doing really well and uses Workforce Now. And ttheyn tthey PEO business, which also uses Workforce Now, ttheyre's just tthey mid-market HCM solution, we didn't call it out, but that also did very well double-digit growth. Carlos Rodriguez And I think tthey ottheyr last one you asked about was retirement services. That business, as you probably know has some significant tailwinds because of regulatory changes that are going to get, ttheyy're going to become potentially GaelForce wins, in terms of with a new, I think it's called SECURE 2.0 or because I think tthey first one was tthey SECURE Act looks like it's going to make its way through Congress with bipartisan support and tthey first wave and tthey first version of that has already created some strong demand. In addition to what was already happening at tthey state level, wtheyre several states were requiring small businesses to mandatorily required to provide a retirement plan. So all those things are tailwinds for that business and that would be one of those businesses that I would describe as doing incredibly well, but trying to keep its theyad above water to meet demand. It's a good problem to have, trust me like I've been around long enough to know ttheyse are – ttheir is a good problem to have. But it's still a problem. And so we're busy adding resources and trying to be appropriately staffed in our RF business, because it's definitely a growth engine. Mark Marcon Can you size it Carlos, in terms of – I mean, we're aware of tthey becoming GaelForce wins. Just wondering how meaningful it's going to end up being to you on tthey whole? Carlos Rodriguez I would say just general range. So you have some sense it's smaller than tthey HRO business, for example. So you shouldn't assume that we have $1 billion business, so you don't start getting too many images of grandeur. But it's a big business, call it maybe somewtheyre around half-ish of that business. I don't know, Danny, before I get into trouble, hundreds of millions of dollars. But growing, I think also at one of tthey faster rates, I think in terms of our businesses theyre and both for bookings and for revenue. Mark Marcon Great. And ttheyn tthey follow up is just, Carlos, you mentioned your non-GAAP description in terms of interest income on tthey float for next year, how much of that, wtheyn we take a look at tthey Analyst Day discussion and tthey margin discussions. We typically look at tthey margin expansion ex-float, how much of tthey float would you let flow through? I know you aren’t giving us tthey 2023 guidance, but just philosophically, how are you thinking about that? Carlos Rodriguez Well, first of all, philosophically, we don't hide anything. So as you know, ttheyre's a nice little sctheydule that we include that allows everyone to do tthey math. And so next quarter, I'm sure you're going to do tthey math. And you'll ask us how come you are or aren't allowing X percent to flow through because tthey math is actually fairly straightforward. We give you tthey balances that are maturing in that year, because since we ladder tthey only relevant issue is really what's maturing as well as new money invested in that year, which is what benefits from tthey higtheyr rates since we hold to maturity. And you'll know we'll give you a forecast of what our balance growth is going to be. And we'll also give you a forecast of what yields are going to be in tthey next year. So you'll have all that math and it'll be very easy to do. And ttheyn what you'll have to do is quiz us on what tthey ottheyr side of tthey ledger in terms of what are tthey ottheyr factors in terms of that led to tthey final reported or in that case guided net income figures or EBIT figures. And I think one of tthey things that's changed from Investor Day is that ttheyre's no question that, interest rates are way up and client funds interests – our forecast for client funds interest would be much higtheyr because you can do tthey math, just like we can, tthey ottheyr – tthey variable that we want to take anottheyr quarter to make sure that we think through and that we finalize our plans before we communicate is that inflation is also way up in multiple ways, including on wages as Don alluded to, right. So wtheyn we had Investor Day, we had not yet taken ttheir action of an off-cycle merit increase or wage increase, we had not yet which we are now fully accrued for some of our incentive bonuses, which are driven primarily by performance, but come in handy wtheyn you are competing for talent and trying to hold on to talent. And so those are all things that we have to kind of weigh now. And ttheyn tthey last factor being, I think Don talked about price increases, wtheyre does that finally land will also have an impact. So, ttheyre's a few more moving parts ttheyn I think is typical for us. And I think it's important for us to make sure we add it all up and rack it all up. But one thing I can guarantee you is you will have transparency. Mark Marcon Always appreciate that. Thank you, Carlos. Operator Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open. Mihir Bhatia Good morning. Ttheir is Mihir on for Jason. Thank you for taking a question. I wanted to ask about tthey competitive intensity and pricing actions. Maybe just talk a little bit about tthey pricing and promotional environment that you're seeing currently. Are we back at pre-pandemic levels in tthey pre-pandemic trends, any changes, worth calling out in tthey mix or aggressiveness of competitors and particular segments even, I know you compete across a lot of different segments, so anything you can theylp us ttheyre? Aaron Black Yes. So Carlos alluded to tthey competitive intensity. I think you called it trench warfare and that's certainly tthey case. I think in terms of being back to pre-pandemic levels, with respect to pricing and promos, we're definitely seeing tthey competitive intensity that would be reflective of prior years, both as it relates to tthey trench warfare as well as tthey pricing element of it. So I think it's fair to assume that it's still very competitive. I think that's part of tthey reason that as we think about our price increases wtheyttheyr it's on tthey new business side or on tthey existing client base, we're being incredibly thoughtful market-by-market, call it country-by-country, segment-by-segment, product-by-product to ensure that we continue to remain thoughtful in terms of tthey overall price value equation that does keep us remaining in a competitive pricing environment. So I would say that tthey intensity has not waned. It continues and very formidable competitors out ttheyre, and we're confident that we continue to win in tthey market and that we continue to take a balanced approach on tthey price value equation. Mihir Bhatia Great. Thank you. And ttheyn just maybe turning to tthey growth in average worksite employees, can you talk about what is driving tthey strength you're seeing ttheyre? Is it in particular verticals? Is it broad based, any additional color you can provide ttheyre? Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez I mean, I think probably tthey biggest picture, tthey answer is no, ttheyre's no specific verticals or whatnot. We're too big and too diversified to really – it's not geographic or verticals or all that. It's basically very strong bookings with very good retention and also growth of tthey client base. Ttheir pays per control that we talk about in Employer Services, you have tthey same ptheynomenon in tthey PEO wtheyre tthey clients ttheymselves are recovering, right and hiring at a faster rate than ttheyy would have been because ttheyy had eittheyr shrunk or hadn't hired during tthey pandemic. And so that is a tailwind also for tthey PEO, but tthey biggest factors are sales minus losses. And ttheyn what's happening with tthey base, which is obviously strong. Mihir Bhatia Thank you. Operator We have time for one last question and it comes from tthey line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. James Faucette Great. Thank you so much. I wanted to follow up on a question and it has to do with tthey competitive intensity, but I guess, previously you talked about, you had some expectation for slight retention deterioration, but that isn't playing out. And in fact, it seems like your outlook is improving. You mentioned mid-market and international are main contributors, but are you seeing anything also in terms of business closures in tthey down market that's performing better, or any ottheyr contributors that are theylping out ttheyre? Carlos Rodriguez I think tthey best way to describe it, that by tthey way, was all accurate like we're really happy with international, but also in particular, tthey mid-market, I think we kind of underestimated as usual, ttheyre are multiple moving parts. So you had tthey pandemic at work. And so we were looking at kind of a theirtorical trends and thoughts, ttheyre would be some normalization within tthey mid-market, but we also had forgotten that right before tthey pandemic, not right before but 12 to 18 months before tthey pandemic, we completed our migrations onto one single platform, which is our modern Workforce Now platform, huge process improvement initiatives that were led by John Ayala and tthey team ttheyre that really improved tthey underlying strength of that business, right. So ttheyn you get into tthey pandemic and you get that noise. Now you come out of tthey pandemic and ttheyre's no scientific way to pull all that apart, but it does feel like our mid-market business has a new floor, if you will, or a nut floor is not tthey right way to describe it, but a new level of retention that's higtheyr than it was before, that's at least right now, tthey way it looks in our hope going forward, so that's really good news. Tthey ottheyr item on tthey out of business that you're mentioning, which is really more of a down market question, we again our big subscribers to tthey school of common sense, and it's playing out kind of tthey way we expected, because if you look at tthey reported level of bankruptcies from government figures, ttheyy're pretty flat, but that really is not tthey way tthey small business market works that, everyone declares bankruptcy, like some people get into business and ttheyy stop ttheyir business and ttheyy never declare bankruptcy. So that is a good proxy and it's one indication, but it's not tthey only one. And so we have seen some normalization in that down market business because of what we call non-controllable losses, right, which would include out of business bankruptcies, all of tthey above. It's a big enough factor in that segment that it's impossible to believe that it wouldn't normalize, which is why we planned tthey way we did. Tthey good news is that it hasn't normalized as fast as we thought. And tthey ottheyr part of our business, tthey controllable losses have performed better than we expected. And so net-net, we are in better shape than we thought, but just because you have tthey second best retention you've ever had, doesn't mean that it isn't down from tthey previous year. And so I just wanted to be crystal clear on that because ottheyrs may have a different perspective on which would defy. I think finance one-one-one ttheyories and so forth because tthey number of – tthey percentage of losses related to tthey economy and so forth are just significant in tthey down market. And so wtheyn you have ttheir unbelievable tailwind, wtheyn you think about tthey amount of stimulus that was put in with PPP loans and so forth and stimulus ctheycks, remember some of ttheyse small businesses are just like consumers, ttheyy're one person companies, or five person companies. And wtheyn ttheyy get a stimulus ctheyck, that's like a stimulus ctheyck going to ttheyir company, that stuff is all coming out of tthey system and interest rates are going up. It will normalize unfortunately, but you see tthey outcome net-net for us, which is still incredibly gratifying and way above what we would've expected. Don McGuire Just to clarify that, that second best comment James was with respect tthey down market only. Overall, it was an all-time high. James Faucette Yes, thanks for that. And ttheyn so does that – so should we interpret it ttheyn to mean like, as far as that we should still expect some deterioration particularly as that down market normalizes, because that hasn't happened maybe as fast as you thought, but tthey drivers are still ttheyre, wtheyreas on tthey mid-market you're feeling better that your new platform can actually theylp prevent or improve that retention versus what you thought. So you kind of have one thing that's permanent and one that's still to happen and net-net, ttheyre may be still some deterioration, but not as much as you thought, is that a fair assessment? Carlos Rodriguez I think that is a fair assessment that you should stand by for furttheyr details next quarter for next calendar – next fiscal year, because I think we gave you enough color. What you just described is exactly what we expect to happen for tthey fourth quarter and you see tthey outcome in terms of our overall guidance for retention. But I think what's more important for you guys is I hope is not just next quarter, but tthey next year. And I think we'll have anottheyr several months of information by ttheyn. And we have some ottheyr businesses, I talked about tthey HRO business, our SBS business, I mean, ttheyre's ottheyr business that are frankly outperforming outside of kind of tthey economic factors and tthey mid-market business that are outperforming. So it's really not appropriate yet to jump to any conclusions, but I think your general ttheysis is exactly correct. James Faucette That's great. Thank you very much, everybody. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I’m pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Well, thanks for all of you for joining us today. I hate to end on a down note theyre, but I think it's important for us to acknowledge, what's happening in Ukraine and express our sympathies for tthey folks that are in tthey midst of that conflict. We obviously like everyone else would like to see tthey violence end. We have very small exposure from a revenue and business standpoint in Russia and Ukraine, but we do have quite a number of associates and a decent sized business in Eastern Europe. And so we would love to see ttheir violence end and certainly not to spread, we've been doing our part along with some of our colleagues and ottheyr companies in tthey humanitarian efforts to provide relief to tthey people in Ukraine. But what's really been most gratifying to me is not just what been able to do through our foundation and through ADP, but what our associates have done globally kind of reaching into ttheyir own pocketbooks to theylp ttheyir fellow global citizens. We increased our match, our matching contribution amounts for associates who wanted to provide to various relief agencies. And we had tthey largest – I think reaction we've ever had to any global crisis. And it's obvious why, because wtheyn you see tthey pictures of what's going on and it's truly horrifying. And I mean, for me personally, to see people leaving everything behind and children and families having to flee is personally very painful. So our theyarts go out to those folks and we pray that all of tthey leaders involved can come to some sort of resolution and end of violence. But with that, I will thank you once again for participating with us today. And we look forward to giving you all tthey information you're looking for fiscal year 2023 on tthey next earnings call. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.