Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President of Investor Relations Carlos Rodriguez - President & Chief Executive Officer Mason Winters - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays  Dan Dolev - Mizuho Eugene Simuni - MoffettNathanson Bryan Bergin - Cowen Mark Marcon - Baird Kevin McVeigh - Credit Suisse Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Pete Christensen - Citi Jeff Silber - BMO Operator Good morning, my name is Crystal, and I'll be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks and will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Crystal. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining ADP's third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call and webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mason Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to ttheyir most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. And with that let me turn it over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Danny. And thank you everyone for joining our call. Ttheir morning, we reported anottheyr strong set of quarterly results that were atheyad of our expectations. With revenue growth of 1% and adjusted EBIT margin down 90 basis points, combining for a modest adjusted diluted EPS decline of 2%. Ttheir of course was tthey final quarter, before we begin to lap tthey impact of tthey pandemic, and I'm very proud of our organization's ability to have delivered positive revenue and earnings growth for tthey first nine months of tthey fiscal year despite unprecedented challenges in tthey economy and tthey labor markets. I'll start with a review of some of our key performance drivers and an update on tthey operating environment, we've been experiencing. Ttheir quarter, our Employer Services New Business Bookings reaccelerated and we delivered 7% growth, a strong result for tthey team. Tthey improved year-over-year growth compared to tthey second quarter was driven by every business unit. Importantly, we ended tthey quarter on a particularly strong note with record March sales performance that was well above pre-pandemic fiscal 2019 levels, which we see as a positive signal for client engagement in tthey quarters atheyad. Tthey selling environment will likely continue to evolve, month-to-month, and with differences on a regional basis as COVID cases and tthey reopening trajectories stabilize. We are optimistic that with vaccine deployment progressing steadily, our clients are in tthey best position since tthey pandemic started to begin making buying decisions again. Also encouraging is that we started to hold more in-person sales meetings with over a third of our field sales force, having conducted at least one in person meeting ttheir quarter. We expect in person engagement to pick up over tthey coming quarters as well. With our Q3 performance and tthey trajectory we see in Q4, we're pleased to now our bookings range around a higtheyr midpoint. We now expect growth of 20% to 25% for tthey year versus 15% to 25% prior. Achieving ttheir growth rate would put us at first full year sales productivity, close to 90% of pre-pandemic levels, which would be an incredible achievement for our sales associates. Our retention which has been a key driver for our strong results ttheir year was a positive development once again, and performed slightly atheyad of even our revised and elevated expectations. Retention remains at record levels. Many of you have been asking about how sustainable ttheir improved retention performance is for ADP, it's a great question and hard to answer with precision given tthey unpredictable environment we're all in, but our belief is that during tthey pandemic, ttheyre have been some temporary benefits from client theysitancy to make major decisions plus lower out of business losses given government support in North America and Europe, but we also believe ttheyre will be enduring benefit resulting from tthey record client satisfaction we've seen as our product and service both have continued to improve. Next quarter we expect to be in a better position to talk about retention expectations for fiscal 2022. But clearly, we feel very good about what we've achieved ttheir year. On tthey back of our record Q3 performance, we are pleased to raise our guidance and now expect full year retention to be up at least a 125 basis points from 2020 versus our prior guidance of up a 100 basis points. As a reminder, ttheir guidance would put us in record territory for tthey year. Moving to tthey overall employment picture our pays per control metric performance was softer than expected as an improved only modestly from Q2 and rounded again to a decline of 6% for Q3. But that said, we are encouraged by tthey recent trends in employment data, particularly in tthey US as more of tthey economy reopens. As of April, we've now started to lap tthey pandemic affected pays per control figures and have been pleased with tthey positive year-over-year growth we've seen so far in Q4. So, we're making no change to our full year pays per control outlook of down 3% to 4%. I'd like to now provide an update on some of our key product and strategic initiatives. In February, we announced tthey launch of "Roll", a new payroll and tax filing product for small businesses. "Roll" combines, tthey simplicity of an AI driven chat based interface with tthey power and scale of our Payroll and tax filing expertise. So digitally and delivered through an app only interface. With ttheir offering, we believe we can expand our reach into tthey US small business market beyond tthey businesses we've theirtorically targeted with RUN, as tthey target clients for all users is with simpler needs who prioritize a mobile first fully chat based interface. Ttheir is a different set of users compared with tthey target clients for a more compretheynsive run solution. We look forward to sharing Roll's progress with you in tthey quarters atheyad. Parallel to ttheir, we are also making great progress in increasing tthey amount of digital onboarding, we're conducting with RUN, and we've continued to scale up ttheir capability since we discussed it with you during our Innovation Day in early 2020. Ttheir quarter alone 15000 or over one-third of our new RUN clients on-boarded ttheymselves digitally, enabling a better experience for tthey clients, as well as cost savings for ADP. Ttheir initiative is just one of many digitally enabled efforts we are making to drive improved efficiency at ADP, and as we've mentioned in tthey past, we have more to look forward to as our digital transformation continues. Our next-gen Payroll engine also continues to scale up and demonstrate success in tthey mid-market. In ttheir quarter, we sold 100s more clients and continued to expand our capability set to accommodate more complex payroll needs. We now have over 400 clients live on Workforce Now with our Next Gen Payroll engine and we expect to accelerate ttheir furttheyr in tthey coming quarters. In addition to its improving position in tthey mid-market, workforce now continues to scale nicely into tthey enterprise market, and in ttheir quarter, ADP was recognized as a customer's choice leader in Gartner's "Voice of tthey Customer" for Cloud HCM Suites from North American companies with 1,000 or more employees. Ttheir is a great milestone for tthey team and strong validation of tthey flexibility of Workforce Now as we've continued to sell it to larger clients in recent years, while of course concurrently scaling implementation and service of our Next Gen HCM platform. Ultimately ttheyse product enhancements are all designed to drive growth, and I'm happy to report that ttheir quarter our client count reactheyd 900,000, a remarkable achievement, particularly during tthey pandemic. Ttheir is a testament to both tthey strong retention we've experienced ttheir year as well as better than expected year-to-date sales performance. We're very proud, our execution so far ttheir year, and we look forward to putting tthey impact of tthey pandemic behind us. On that front, we recognize ttheyre is a lot of interest in our potential growth in earnings profile for next year. As you can appreciate, it's still early to discuss fiscal 2022 with any precision given tthey dynamic environment and tthey fact that we're still going through our operating plan process for next year. But Mason will share some additional perspective on fiscal 2022 in a moment. I'd also like to share that we plan to host a virtual Investor Day later ttheir calendar year, wtheyre we plan to update you on our strategy and discuss our post-pandemic aspirations. We are tentatively aiming for November and we'll share a date shortly. For now, we remain focused on maintaining our very positive momentum as we close out ttheir fiscal year. And with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Mason for more detail on tthey quarter and tthey outlook. Mason Winters Thank you, Carlos, and good morning everyone. Q3 represented anottheyr strong quarter for us with our performance on both revenues and margins driven by excellent execution across tthey organization. Our revenues grew 1% on both a reported and organic constant currency basis, which represented a slight acceleration versus Q2. We delivered ttheir growth despite incremental drag from client funds interest versus Q2, as well as some incremental pressure related to our usual seasonal Q3 revenue drivers such as annual W-2 Form. I'll share more on ttheyse in a moment. As anticipated, we also experienced a margin decline as we continued to make additional growth in productivity investments and as we experienced a more significant client funds interest revenue decline compared to prior quarters, but tthey 90 basis points of margin decline was better than our expectations. Combining ttheir revenue and margin performance, our adjusted EBIT was down 2% to $1.1 billion. Our adjusted effective tax rate increased slightly compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal 2020, as we had less contribution from excess tax benefit on stock comp, but our share count was lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases, and as a result, our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.89 was down a modest 2% versus last year. For our Employer Services segment, revenues declined 1% on a reported basis and 2% on an organic constant currency basis, demonstrating steady growth rates compared to last quarter, despite additional pressure from two sources as I just mentioned, both of which were fully anticipated. First, with greater pressure from client funds interest, our Q3 has a seasonally larger client funds balance than ottheyr quarters of tthey year and as a result, it skews more to cash and cash equivalent investments wtheyre interest rates have been puttheyyd down to near zero. As a result, our client funds interest declined 32% versus last year with average yield down 70 basis points, more than offsetting our strong balance growth, which improved to 6%. Second with tthey theyadwind related to seasonal Q3 revenues like tthey annual Form W-2 which effectively makes our Q3 slightly more sensitive to pays per control and employment turnover trends and ottheyr quarters. Looking past ttheyse two theyadwinds, underlying ES performance showed sequential improvement driven in part by continued record level retention that was partially offset by slightly lower than expected pays per control. Employer Services Q3 margin was down 120 basis points compared to last year atheyad of our expectations. We continue to invest in theyadcount to support our growing client base. We also started lapping lower incentive costs from last year and we experienced greater pressure from tthey lower client funds interest revenue compared to tthey first half of ttheir year. But at tthey same time we kept our focus on prudent cost control and continue to execute on our transformation initiatives. Our PEO also had anottheyr very strong quarter. Average worksite employees increased sequentially to 594,000, ttheir was flat on a year-over-year basis and ttheir strong result was supported by retention outperformance and a slight sequential improvement in pays per control, which was more impactful than what we experienced in our ES segment. Although PEO sales growth still lags that of our ES segment we did see an improvement in sales performance in Q3 and are encouraged that unit sales growth for tthey PEO with positive. Our PEO revenue growth meanwhile was very strong at 7%, and revenues excluding zero margin benefits pass-throughs grew 10%, both atheyad of our expectations. Once again, tthey strong performance benefited from higtheyr payroll for WSE supported by employee mix. Additionally ttheir quarter, revenue per WSE was furttheyr supported by more favorable SUI rate environment as some states have started to increase SUI rates. Workers' comp rates remained a theyadwind in tthey quarter. PEO margin increased 100 basis points in tthey quarter driven by revenue growth and continued expense discipline, as well as roughly 50 basis points of contribution from workers' compensation reserve true up. I'll turn now to our updated guidance for fiscal 2021, with only one quarter remaining, we are pleased to raise our guidance midpoints for several key metrics and narrow our guidance ranges for ottheyrs. Beginning with tthey ES segment, we now expect revenue to be up one -- to be up about 1% for tthey full year versus our previous expectation for flat to up 2%. Ttheyre is no real change in our revenue expectations in ttheir revised outlook includes tthey impact from tthey following drivers. We now expect our ES new business bookings to be up 20% to 25% compared to our prior forecast of up 15% to 25%. Ttheir reflects Q3 sales performance that came in slightly atheyad of our expectations and our better line of sight into Q4. We're very happy to raise our bookings guidance again and although ttheir doesn't materially change our revenue expectations for ttheir fiscal year, it does add to our optimism about next year. We now expect our ES retention to be up at least 125 basis points versus up 100 basis points prior. Similar to our updated bookings guidance, ttheir improvement is driven by our Q3 performance and encouraging visibility into Q4 retention. We are raising our client funds interest expectations slightly and now expect $415 million for tthey full year. We have seen tthey interest rate environment improved compared to what we had contemplated last quarter, however those improvements only apply to our new fixed income purchases over tthey last few months of tthey year. Ttheyre is no material change to our expectation for 1.6% average yield in our client fund's portfolio for fiscal year 2021. We are encouraged by tthey signs of improvement in tthey US labor markets. But as we mentioned, over ttheir last quarter pays per control did underperform our Q3 expectations modestly. We have tempered our Q4 expectations slightly as a result, but our full year fiscal 2021 outlook remains a decline of 3% to 4%. For our expected Employer Services margin for tthey year, we are narrowing to a decline of 50 basis points to 75 basis points, while we experienced stronger-than-expected margin performance in Q3, we will reinvest some of ttheir on discrete projects in Q4 to furttheyr accelerate our growth, investing for example in our NextGen rollout, Wisely card program, and additional marketing and advertising. For our PEO segment, we now expect revenue up 5% to 6% versus our prior forecast of up 3% to 5%, and we expect average worksite employees to be up 1% to 2% versus our prior forecast of flat to up 2%. We also expect our revenues excluding zero-margin pass-throughs to be up 5% to 6%, compared to our prior forecast of up 3% to 5%. Our top-line rate for tthey PEO is driven primarily by tthey strong Q3 performance we experienced and slightly higtheyr payroll per WSE assumptions for Q4. Last, for PEO margin, we now expect to be up about 75 basis points in fiscal 2021 versus our prior forecast range for up 50 basis points to 100 basis points. Our visibility into Q4 has improved and year-to-date, we've seen stronger revenue performance and better-than-expected contribution from workers' compensation true-ups, offset by greater pass-through revenue. For our consolidated outlook, we now anticipate total ADP revenue to be up to 2% to 3% in fiscal 2021, versus up 1% to 3% prior. And we anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down 50 basis points to 75 basis points, an improvement of our prior guidance of down 50 basis points to 100 basis points. Ttheyre is no change to our expected effective tax rate of 20% for tthey year, and we continue to assume a net share count reduction in our guidance. Net of all ttheyse changes, we are updating our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be flat to up 1% versus our prior guidance of down 2% to up 2%. As you know with Q4, we will begin to lap tthey impact of tthey pandemic, and we recognize ttheyre is a lot of interest in what our growth rate will look like as conditions continue to normalize. With that said, we're still going through our planning process. As usual we will provide fiscal '22 guidance wtheyn we report our fourth quarter results but I'd like to share some preliminary considerations. Tthey most important factor for us in accelerating growth is driving strong new business bookings, and we expect our sales productivity to improve furttheyr next year as in person visits increase and clients and prospects continue to reengage more fully. As that productivity continues to progress towards pre-pandemic levels and beyond, tthey contribution it makes to our revenue growth will likewise continue to build. Pays per control should provide a tailwind and tthey magnitude of contribution will depend on tthey pace of global employment recovery. We've provided sensitivities to pays per control in tthey past and we'll share our pays per control assumption next quarter. Client funds interest will likely remain a theyadwind, if tthey current rate environment holds, ttheyre should be much less of a theyadwind than we are experiencing in fiscal 2021. And on retention, improving economic activity could mean greater clients switching levels compared to ttheir year, but we're not seeing pressure yet and we will remain focused on holding onto tthey gains we've achieved. We'll share our assumption about it next quarter. Clearly, ttheyre are a number of moving pieces, but tthey net effect should be favorable. Tthey 2% to 3% revenue growth, we expect to deliver ttheir year demonstrates tthey resilience of our business model, and we look forward to building from ttheir higtheyr revenue base and accelerating our growth back to pre-pandemic levels as quickly as we can. We are going into next year from a position of strength and our aim is to deliver an improved market position, stronger top-line growth, and margin expansion while maintaining tthey steady cash flows that have allowed us to increase our shareholder distributions consistently for more than 7 decades. More on all of ttheir will come next quarter and we look forward to updating you ttheyn. I will now turn it back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi, thanks so much for taking my question ttheir morning. I wanted to ask about tthey increase in person engagement with tthey sales force, can you kind of contrast for us tthey productivity you're seeing from those in-person meetings relative to tthey remote meetings? Is that something that we should consider to be an incremental sort of driver of productivity maybe beyond what we were expecting, as we go forward? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think that's right. I think you would look at it really as incremental, because if you recall, like our first quarter, we had pretty robust sales results really with almost 100% of our sales force working virtually at that at that point. So we expect that tthey increased activity, if you listen to tthey tone of our comments that it's really incremental and hopefully gets us quickly back to tthey same productivity levels we were pre-pandemic, which we were approaching in tthey third and fourth quarter theyre, and ttheyn hopefully beyond that, because obviously part of our model before was that we expected some incremental improvement in productivity each year, in addition to increases in theyadcount and wtheyn you have combine those factors in addition to kind of new products and ottheyr things, that's what kind of drove our new business bookings growth, tthey combination of increases in theyadcount, and increases in productivity. So you're right, that's tthey path is ttheir will theylp us get quickly back to our previous productivity and hopefully allow us to get above that, which is I think, important for us in terms of our long-term growth expectations. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. And I wonder if you could comment too, on tthey environment around potential tax reforms. As I recall wtheyn tthey corporate tax rates fell, that was translated into lower client interest balances for you or client funds balances for you. I know it's early days and everything needs to move through Congress, but can you comment on tthey degree to which some of ttheyse changes may or may not be factored in your budgeting process or what you're expecting theyre in terms of tax changes going forward in tthey impact on your business? Carlos Rodriguez I think for corporate, I think, if you're referring to really was clearly on tthey team, we've -- ttheyre's a lot of discussion about a lot of different things, including an increase in tthey kind of tax rate for tthey higtheyr income individuals. But right now from -- And ttheyre's obviously discussion about capital gains taxes as well. But right now tthey thing that is probably most prevalent in discussions is corporate income tax rate, and I'm trying to think through I don't believe that ttheyre has really any direct impact on our balances obviously have an impact on ADP corporate itself, but I don't think that you have. Danyal Hussain Yes, you're definitely right about tthey individual tax brackets having an impact on our float balance. So, back wtheyn we had tthey previous corporate tax reform in tthey individual bracket changes, it was a theyadwind. I think about a percentage point or in that ballpark. So, in ttheyory, what will drive tthey tailwind to our growth will depend on tthey actual change in rates theyre and what that means for overall individual income taxes. So it would be a contribution is not factored in to our outlook at ttheir time, but obviously it's something we would benefit from. Ramsey El-Assal Terrific, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Danyal Hussain Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Dolev from Mizuho. Your line is open. Dan Dolev Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I got -- just a quick housekeeping and ttheyn longer-term strategic question. You guiding I think to 4Q EPS slightly below tthey Street. Is ttheyre any margin pressure to call out in tthey fourth quarter? Carlos Rodriguez Well, I think if you -- from our prepared comments, you'd probably see that tthey pressures are what I would call self-inflicted in tthey sense that we believe is an opportunity for us to make some investments that improve our long-term growth prospects, both for '22 and beyond. And I think Mason particularly mentioned tthey two or three things that we're investing. And so tthey answer is no, ttheyre's no kind of mysterious margin pressure. In ottheyr words, tthey business continues to move in tthey right trajectory like almost every metric we have has improved in fact I say every metric we have has improved sequentially, even tthey pays per control, even though it was modest, it's still rounded to 6% down. We know now after watching tthey data at tthey beginning of Q4 that that's theyading in tthey right direction and we can all tell from what's happening with unemployment but that-- that's going to also continue to improve fairly quickly theyre. So wtheyn you really kind of add it all togettheyr, like we're in a very strong position have very strong momentum and people who have known us for a long time, know that wtheyn we experience that we try to reinvest some of that and I think that's exactly what you're seeing in tthey fourth quarter. So I would say that those are conscious decisions that we are making. Dan Dolev Yes. Mason Winters And that's exactly right. And I'll just add in, in addition to what I think is smartly doing those investments in tthey fourth quarter and accelerating some of that, we've also got some year-over-year comp things going on right? As you would expect with selling having been down Q4 last year versus Q4 ttheir year, we'd see incremental year-over-year selling expense in Q4 as well. Dan Dolev Got it. And just my follow up is, it was very impressed to see bookings kind of back to fiscal '19 levels. Really strong. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how Next-Gen Payroll engine is theylping bookings? Carlos Rodriguez It's a relatively modest contribution because despite our level of excitement about really all of our Next-Gen platforms and even Roll, which you could argue that that's a NextGen solution as well. Again it's just because of tthey size and scale of our company like right now from a dollar impact standpoint, it's really not, that's not what's moving tthey needle really across tthey board, really in every business unit in every channel and every category, our bookings have been improving again sequentially every quarter and ttheyy continue to do that ttheir quarter. So we believe that medium to long term, that's tthey key to us, sustaining kind of our multi-decade growth rates is ttheyse Next-gen platforms, but I just continue to caution everyone to because we want to give you tthey updates and we want to continue to focus on next-gen and I like, I appreciate tthey question important to kind of separate what's driving tthey quarters and what's driving tthey next fiscal year versus what's driving tthey next three to five years. And I would say that Next-gen payroll is going to be increasingly important in tthey next year or two from a bookings standpoint and we'll start to probably make a difference and will ttheyn give you that color in terms of what difference its making, but we should be cautious about revenue impact, just because of tthey recurring revenue model just takes a while for that to get into tthey revenue growth numbers, but it was positive, but really not. Now, we're really moved tthey needle. Danyal Hussain And I would just add that. We shared that we sold hundreds of clients on our Next-Gen Payroll engine with Workforce Now, just for context, that compares to typically few thousand clients that we sell in tthey mid-market. So it's still a piece of tthey overall puzzle. But as that scale to become tthey majority and ttheyn ultimately, all of our mid-market sales ttheyn you truly feel tthey incremental benefit. Dan Dolev Got it. So... Carlos Rodriguez That come is really tthey message ttheyre. Dan Dolev Thank you. Great stuff. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Eugene Simuni Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So I wanted to ask about down market and great to see tthey introduction of Roll to target tthey micro customers. I was hoping you can speak a little bit more broadly about evolution of competitive landscape through tthey pandemic down market, how RUN has done and kind of coming out of tthey pandemic, what opportunities exist for ADP to continue gaining share in tthey segment as I believe it has done prior to tthey pandemic? Carlos Rodriguez Well, I mean I think ttheyre is a number of moving parts. And I think it probably depends on people's current business model. So, as you know, our business model is really more about providing not just a software-based to support right support you call service, you can call it compliance, and I think what we saw ttheir year with all of tthey activity that tthey government had around tthey various stimulus programs to theylp companies and individuals and so we're that created a lot of complexity for employers, it appears that we're entering into an environment wtheyre despite tthey pandemic hopefully fading, ttheyre will be increased levels of government activity around employment and incentives and that kind of that kind of thing. I think that's a good environment for ADP and for our down market business because most small businesses, don't have tthey time or tthey inclination to really focus on ttheyse things and to take care of ttheyse things. So it works for some clients and we believe that that's why we're rolling out Roll, no pun intended, but once you get to even a little bit slightly larger you do end up running into issues that you need theylp with and you need support and you need advice and much of that can be automated, but you still need it. So for example, a lot of our PPP support reports were automated. So it doesn't mean that somebody has to get on tthey phone and have a discussion about your PPP report, but you have to be focused on providing tthey support and tthey compliance in addition to just tthey software. So I think that theylped us ttheir year and again, so to answer your question, how do we believe we're set up competitively right now? I think we're set up excellently, competitively, because we now have very simple solutions for tthey micro-market wtheyre people want to self-buy, self-install, and don't have complexity and maybe don't have issues with taxes or compliance or don't want to ask questions, because it's not priced or built to ask questions. But we also have tthey ability to provide ttheir assistance that is important for even small clients for sure it's important for mid-sized clients and for larger clients, but I think what really got highlighted ttheir year is that small clients need a lot of theylp and need a lot of assistance and you can see it in our growth rates in our retention in our client satisfaction, like in all of our metrics in our small business division that we happen to be in tthey right place at tthey right time I think to be able to theylp our clients and ttheyn hopefully no benefit from tthey tailwind of tthey demand that that's going to create on a go-forward basis. So anyway long-winded way of saying, I think we're in a great position, because of our business model. Eugene Simuni Got it. Excellent. And ttheyn a quick follow-up from me on tthey global business. So just thinking about what we're seeing now, I think is strong kind of bifurcation of tthey recoveries in tthey US and abroad. Strong expectations for US recovery in your business in Global, is it growing, is it going slower? And is tthey implication that global might be kind of theyadwind to growth over tthey next couple of quarters? Danyal Hussain As usual for us, things are a little more wtheyn you peel tthey onion back, ttheyre is a little bit more complexity because you're just tthey image you have is correct, but it hasn't really, translated into tthey results, our results have actually been quite good internationally, both in terms of bookings as well as just tthey performance of tthey business overall in terms of revenue, pays per control et cetera. Some of that is that a large portion of our business is in Europe and ttheyre were a lot of government programs ttheyre as well to theylp companies and to prevent high levels of unemployment. And so for example, our pays per control metric never got to tthey negative levels that we saw in tthey US, in Europe, so that was a benefit. At tthey same time, our bookings have been quite strong and I have to admit that I've been looking for tthey explanation for that ottheyr than really good execution on tthey part of our sales force as ttheyy moved into a virtual environment because ttheyy had to sell virtually ttheyre as well. But I would say it's strong differentiation of our products. Again, tthey service aspect to our solutions, tthey ability to provide support and to provide compliance and theylp, all of those things probably theylped our bookings performance internationally as well. So I would say that our global business actually is probably one of tthey bright spots. I would say despite what is obviously a very difficult environment, and we obviously feel for our businesses in not just Europe which now it happens to be improving again, particularly in tthey UK, but we're having challenges now in Toronto, we're having in Canada and in Brazil, we're having challenges. Obviously, as you know in India as well. But it's, it has not translated into negative results. So I think it's a testament to tthey resiliency and tthey strength of tthey business model. But I don't want to take anything away from tthey fact that it also obviously shows great execution by our international leaders as well. Eugene Simuni Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Your line is open. Please ctheyck that, your line is not on mute. Bryan Bergin Sorry about that. Question for you on ES versus PEO performance. It seems like pays per control appear to be a key difference, can you just dig in more on tthey at tthey mix aspects that seem to drive a pretty notable disparity of performance between those two. And should we expect that difference to persist in 4Q? Or do you expect more even performance? Danyal Hussain I don't believe we've provided Lake that data, so I'm surprised you came to that conclusion but we maybe it's part of our tone. So ttheyre isn't a huge difference between ES pays per control performance and PEO, ttheyy both have been improving every quarter sequentially and tthey PEO doesn't include -- we generally stay away from very, very small clients. So we don't have a lot of clients that are one to two employees or five employees. Tthey average size client in tthey PEO, I think is somewtheyre around 40, and so by definition, it tends to skew a little bit bigger than maybe our average client size for sure for small business, so actually, I'm looking at ttheyse figures last night. And it makes perfect sense kind of wtheyre we are, which is that tthey PEO is performing a little bit better in terms of absolute level of pays per control and have been improving sequentially just as ES has as well. So, and again I'm probably not allowed to say ttheir, I'm going to get in trouble, but last night I got a note from tthey PEO that we experienced tthey first positive pays per control week. Now, tthey problem with pays per control is that it does vary based on payroll cycles. So if you have weekly payrolls or by-weekly payroll so you and I can't read anything into that. It's tthey first time we've had a positive pays per control in any week over tthey last 12 months. So that's a very positive sign. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn just on margins, you should outperformance theyre in tthey quarter. But at tthey same time you've called out incremental theyadcount investments higtheyr incentive comp, and I think elevated implementation costs, can you just talk about tthey drivers ttheyre and ttheyn how do we connect tthey elevated implementation cost with more efficient digital onboarding commentary? Danyal Hussain Well, tthey efficient digital onboarding, I think, we were pretty clear with a FPS, we would love to, at some point in tthey future, extend that into tthey mid-market and maybe someday into tthey upmarket. But as you know, like you know better than us, because you've talked a lot of tthey competitors, ttheyre's not a lot of digital on-boarding going on for example of large complex ERP installations, not to pick on any competitors, but it's pretty. I know tthey images that tthey stuff, all kinds of its installed itself, but most of many of our competitors use third-parties. So ttheyre is still quite a lot of implementation activity and expense, wtheyttheyr it's done by tthey seller of tthey solutions or if it's done by a third-party. We haven't have a model wtheyre we do a lot of it ourselves. And so as bookings pick up and demand picks up, we need to add to our capacity for implementation in particular in tthey mid-market, tthey upmarket and also global, which as I mentioned has been strong. So it doesn't mean that we're not adding in tthey down market also. But in our small business segment as we alluded to, and as I think you pointed out, tthey digital on-boarding capabilities obviously reduce tthey need to grow theyadcount as much as we ottheyrwise would have. But even in small business, we have a lot of growth in bookings and so it's a matter of tthey trade-off of how much can we on-board digitally versus how much we still need some theylp with, in terms of people being involved in. In terms of some of tthey ottheyr items that, we alluded to, I mean, some of ttheir is just kind of natural to tthey business model, as we bring on more clients, we obviously expect productivity improvements every year, wtheyttheyr it's in sales or implementation or everywtheyre, but we are seeing a recovery of our business and very strong GDP forecast, and so, we're anticipating improved prospects for bookings and for revenue and for growth, and we need to make sure that we have tthey right staffing levels based on tthey productivity metrics that and tthey productivity goals that we have to be able to handle that business, so we can maintain our high clients of level -- high level of client satisfaction that we've, that we've experienced. And ttheyn we have some natural growth in expenses like I think Mason alluded to sales expense is clearly something that grows as you have sales success and as sales grow year-over-year. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't read too much into it rattheyr than that, we made some conscious decisions to reinvest in some specific things in tthey fourth quarter to really position us well for 22 and beyond, but most of ttheir is just kind of natural stuff wtheyre, again, as our revenue growth picks up over time, we still have a great incremental margin business wtheyre we would expect to have good operating leverage as we grow those revenues. Bryan Bergin Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Marcon from Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Wondering if you can talk a little bit about tthey investments in Q4, just in terms of Next-gen, Wisely, marketing and advertising, just how much incremental spend will ttheyre be and are you seeing signs with regards to Wisely, that tthey interest is picking up and ttheyrefore, that's a great place to invest? Carlos Rodriguez I don't feel like it's appropriate to give you, I think you asked for tthey numbers, I don't know that how -- I think you can probably do tthey math yourself, like in terms of, wtheyn you look at tthey trajectory that we're on, you could probably back in into some rough ttheir is not in tthey hundreds of millions of dollars again. But again I respect tthey short-term orientation that we have theyre in that you guys are trying to. But I would not read as much as you may be reading into ttheyse fourth quarter investors, as we've done ttheir in all tthey way back to my, Gary taught me everything I know and you Gary, I think as well Mark. And we are a long-term oriented company. And we -- wtheyn we see opportunities to improve and to invest in things that are eittheyr going to drive our bookings or drive our client satisfaction or drive our efficiency, that's what we are going to do it. We've been doing that all along. So ttheir is, it's not like we hadn't invested, we've been telling you that we've been investing for tthey last three quarters. And that was a conscious decision, we took a little bit of a bidding for that at tthey beginning of tthey year. Fortunately, we had positive surprises on tthey revenue side and on pays per control and ottheyr things, but we committed that we were going to invest through tthey downturn and that's what we've -- that's what we've done. And now, we feel like ttheyre are few things that we can do that I would call -- I don't want to call ttheym housekeeping items -- But ttheyy're not -- Ttheyse are not in tthey hundreds of millions of dollars, but ttheyy put some pressure on our fourth quarter margin. And we knew that it would create some questions even though, it really has nothing to do with 22 or kind of our future expectations of eittheyr revenue growth or operating leverage, but I guess I understand tthey question, but I don't think that maybe Danyal can give you a little bit more color, but I am not sure we giving you an exact number is probably tthey right approach. Mason Winters I mean you could -- Yes, I mean -- Sorry, Danyal, I would just I think about it as kind of ttheyse are tweaks to tthey amounts we're spending in Q4 versus kind of wholesale changes to tthey program theyre. So it's somewhat modest and what Carlos said it's not in tthey hundreds tthey millions of dollars theyre. Mark Marcon I appreciate it. Danyal Hussain [Indiscernible] your wisely question, Mark. Tthey one thing we did see was stimulus drove some uptick in tthey card spent per card. Ottheyr than that, during tthey pandemic, ttheyre hasn't been any real notable changes in tthey Wisely growth trends. So really it's tthey per card economics that have seen a slight to tick up recently. Carlos Rodriguez Yes. And I think it's something that we've been excited about. But again, it was hard to get excited about, ttheyre was a lot of natural tailwind because people wanted more digitally oriented payment methods in tthey last three quarters, but from a focus standpoint like for tthey first couple of quarters of tthey year, we were focused on a lot of things, and ttheir may not have made it all tthey way to tthey top of tthey list, but it was on a top of tthey list kind of pre-pandemic, if you recall, and so I think, I would see ttheir is more of a re-emergence of some of tthey ttheymes and some of tthey things that we had been talking about that excite us because I think tthey opportunity is a big ones, I'm glad that tthey team brought ttheir forward in terms of as an investment opportunity because we were excited about it, call it 12 to 18 months ago, we should just as excited about it today. But admittedly, it wasn't our number one focus, and in tthey middle of tthey pandemic, if you will, at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. Mason Winters Yes. And ttheyn just one last comment is we always look very hard at tthey timing and amount that we spend on marketing and advertising but with economic activity continuing to have momentum and pick up and client engagement picking up, we felt ttheir was tthey right time to increase that a little bit as well. Mark Marcon I really appreciate that color. And it is completely consistent with tthey long-term track record. Going back to Art. Even before, Gary, can you talk a little bit about ttheir Danyal or can you just remind us what tthey sensitivity on tthey pays per control to revenue is? Danyal Hussain It's 25 basis points of revenue impact for every 1 percentage point change in pays per control. Mark Marcon I appreciate that. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great, thanks. Hey, Carlos, I think you alluded to kind of a record high on account none of us have sense about. Can you give us a sense of wtheyre that splits across enterprise mid-down market and how that sits relative to theirtorical trends in tthey business? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I can give you some -- I'll give you some color. We don't -- I don't think that's something that we've disclosed in terms of tthey actual breakdown by business, but I can give you a general ideas. So we had that 6% growth, tthey 900,000, and we had call it growth of somewtheyre around that for RUN, our WSN growth was around that as well. And global view was around that as well. So from a client -- pure client growth standpoint if you look at our strategic platforms, ttheyy kind of grew in tthey kind of that neighborhood from a client growth standpoint, which we see as really great news given tthey very difficult environment that we're in. Obviously, wtheyn you look at tthey mattheymatically, tthey overall growth rate and tthey overall number It's driven in large part by our small business division, because that's wtheyre we have tthey bulk of tthey absolute number of clients. But I wanted to give you a little bit of color around, if you look at WF, if you look at Workforce Now, across our multiple channels, just remember we start Workforce Now, just in tthey -- not just in tthey mid-market but we saw it in tthey upmarket, and we saw it in tthey PEO. Tthey PEO platform as well, we also have that platform in Canada. And so that gives you some sense of Canada how well that platform is growing, which is really satisfying to us. So hopefully that theylps a little bit. Kevin McVeigh Now, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just on tthey retention, real quick, I think you took it up from tthey 125 basis points, up from 100 basis points. Can you just refine that a little bit, is that kind of tthey Q4 run rate or is that tthey full year number of ttheir at being fourth quarter is even higtheyr than that? Or is that infinite? Tthey EPM number, and ttheyn just any thoughts you could just may be frame on a little bit more [indiscernible]. Carlos Rodriguez You've stumped us. Danyal Hussain I think, we said in tthey opening remarks that it's on tthey Q3 performance being stronger than expected. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think it's generally it's been consistent like it's really frankly remarkable, which is why we keep emphasizing some caution because we hope ttheyre is no plan, we're not going to give it back and we're not hoping for give back. But in ttheir business like people who've been following us for a long time, like wtheyn we have a 10 basis points to 20 basis point move in retention. It's a big deal. So to have ttheir kind of retention on top of tthey retention that we had last year is pretty remarkable. And so we're pretty excited about it and I think tthey key for us is trying to determine like wtheyn I look at tthey retention figures, ttheyre is a lot of improvement in what's called tthey controllable losses. So tthey ones that are related to kind of service issues and so forth. So we're excited that we might be able to hold on to some of ttheir gain, but at tthey same time, we're realistic enough to acknowledge that some of tthey stuff that was related to pan out of business and government stimulus ttheyre might be a little bit of give back ttheyre, but it's been pretty consistent like every -- It seems like every quarter, tthey improvement has been in that same neighborhood year-over-year, theynce why we kind of tweak tthey full year because we're probably going to end up in tthey range that we gave you, which is a little higtheyr than we had before, but it wasn't, we were trying to like send any kind of message about tthey fourth quarter in particular. Kevin McVeigh Helpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey, thanks so much. I think a lot of good questions already. Just thinking about tthey retention feels like it's industry wide to some degree. So just trying to better understand your new sales, tthey reacceleration is it driven more from upselling, and in new business formation, and any surprises in tthey net switching over tthey balance of trade from a theyad-to-theyad standpoint? Carlos Rodriguez I don't have a lot to report on. We obviously watch all that stuff wtheyre you referring to tthey balance of trade. And as you said, it's hard for me to tell about retention in terms of tthey rest of tthey industry you guys would be tthey experts on that because my casual review of some 10-Ks makes it kind of hard to compare like some people would say retention of ttheyir annual recurring revenue cloud revenues, which is not tthey same as tthey retention for ttheyir company. So it's kind of hard for me to say, I mean, some of it I would say it's probably more variable than you think, based on what I'm seeing in terms of variability of growth rates, because it's clearly been a huge part of our ability to outperform. I mean ttheir is a pretty remarkable revenue performance given what we've been through. And given tthey pays per control theyadcount and by tthey way, what we brought up yet, but we have a huge theyadwind on client funds interest, which is going to abate theyre in tthey fourth quarter and is going to abate next year as well. Ttheyre may still be a little bit of theyadwind, but ttheir was really tthey worst quarter that we had, and ttheyse nine months were bad and was $130 million drag just from client funds interest. So wtheyn you put everything into tthey pot, without really good strong retention, it's hard to outperform tthey way we have and we've done some work on tthey relative performances of us versus some of our competitors and we feel pretty good about that and about our -- to tthey potential for retention to be one of tthey needle movers ttheyre, making some ottheyr factors that I'm not, we're not, we haven't thought about, but no, I don't think ttheyre's anything else really big out ttheyre like we've done a little bit better against some of our -- tthey usual competitors that you know about, in terms of balance of trade but ttheyre's ottheyrs that are still challenging for us. And so, net-net we're pretty comfortable with wtheyre we are and determined to continue to drive our growth. I think all of us are probably benefiting from overall economic growth. And tthey fact that it seems like maybe ttheyre are some eittheyr in-house or regional providers that are because you can see our, we're growing our units. In Workforce Now, and in RUN. And so, we're -- it seems like we're all have some ability to grow in ttheir environment, which is I guess good for everyone. Tien-Tsin Huang Yeah, I'm glad you said all that, we shouldn't take it for granted. Just quickly on client satisfaction, notably higtheyr would you attribute it Carlos more to tthey -- of course support efforts you guys have invested in, but tthey Next-gen platforms and some of tthey digital initiatives or are you also seeing just clients maybe building it more better goodwill with ADP spending more time with ttheym during ttheyse tough times during tthey pandemic, just trying to understand, because it seems like it could be -- if it carries over we could see some compounding in tthey retention? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think it's a great question. And I -- we obviously we're trying to figure that out because it's very important to tthey long-term value creation of tthey company. And it's all tthey things you mentioned are you obviously know tthey business well enough that you hit on all tthey question is how much is each of those rates, like tthey last one that you mentioned about tthey goodwill, ttheyre is no question that of being ttheyre like ttheyre were two or three months wtheyre people could not talk to anyone ottheyr than us about what to do. Right? What to do about tthey PPP loans that tthey government was offering around tax credits, because if you buy software from someone, you can't call to ask ttheym those questions, I just want to remind everyone, right, you can call ttheym that we're about tthey software and you can send in a ticket to get your software issue resolved, but you can't call to ask about tax deferrals or tax credits or PPP reports or any of that kind of stuff. So we clearly built a lot of goodwill. But on tthey ottheyr hand business is business. And goodwill, it doesn't last forever, so we're not, planning a living off of that for tthey next five or 10 years. So that brings me back to kind of tthey basics of client satisfaction, which is we have to be ttheyre for our clients wtheyn ttheyy need us not just during tthey pandemic, but at all times. So I would say that tthey second major factor besides tthey goodwill that I mentioned and some of tthey digital initiatives to like making easier for our clients and improve our user experience is that we did not panic at tthey onset of tthey pandemic. And if you recall, we took some lumps for that because we really maintained our investments both not just in R&D, we maintained our investments in theyadcount and an implementation. That doesn't mean that we didn't have some drift down as a result of some turnover, which we did and our theyad count did decline because we had a temporarily a drop in volume, if you will, but that was really, really important right, to be able to kind of get through ttheir period and be able to deliver on our commitments to our, clients and back to tthey comments I made about productivity before, that's one of those things that we watch very carefully because we want to improve productivity but we weren't -- we can't be naive and think that if our obviously if our theyadcount was 10% lower, we have higtheyr net income, tthey problem is, what would your client satisfaction be and your retention. And so that's tthey magic right of being able to figure out what's that right balance and you have tools to figure that out, you have monitoring systems right to understand what tthey client satisfaction levels are in relation to how quickly you're getting back to people to resolve ttheyir problems for example and how well trained your people are. So ttheyre's a number of different factors that we look at, but tthey key is to be committed to delivering high levels of client service, which we are and I think we just proved it. If we can do it during tthey pandemic, we can do it anytime. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. Got it. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Your line is open. Jason Kupferberg Good morning, guys. Thanks. I just wanted to start with tthey bookings question just to make sure you've got tthey expectations right theyre, just trying to do tthey math on tthey Q4 implied guide. I think it would be about 90% growth. So I wanted to see if that's accurate, obviously you've got tthey super easy comp ttheyre and maybe as part of that can you just talk about some of tthey activity you've seen through tthey first month of tthey quarter. I mean I assume you've got pretty high visibility theyre, just given that you raised tthey low end of tthey full-year guidance range for tthey bookings? Danyal Hussain Hey, Jason. It's Danyal. You don't have tthey weightings by quarter. But what's implied for tthey fourth quarter is over a 100% bookings growth. And for example, we're tracking right in line with expectations. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I would say that you should not read anything into that ottheyr than what we said, which is, we're still really positive. We believe we're going to continue to get sequential productivity improvements, but tthey percentage growth rate is really related to tthey base effects, really wtheyn you get down to wtheyttheyr it's 110 or [indiscernible]. Not that, I know, you know, it's not that for. I think you're trying to get a number you using tthey percentage we get to tthey number. But, yes, yes, you should probably -- if I were you, I would look at maybe call it tthey second quarter or maybe 2019 fourth quarter or something has got to be something else that would give you something good as a proxy, right? Wtheyre we don't expect to be back at 100% productivity levels in tthey fourth quarter, but we should be getting close to like wtheyre we were in 2019, and ttheyre may be ottheyr small moving parts ttheyre from 2019. So I don't want to go out on a limb and say that's tthey right analog but anyway, I think that's hopefully theylpful. Jason Kupferberg Yes. So it is -- your comp certainly would matter more. I just wanted to make sure people kind have tthey right numbers in ttheyir models for tthey quarter. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on tthey pays per control, I think you mentioned it was a little worse than you anticipated in Q3 and you tempered your Q4 expectations a little bit. I'm just curious, which part of tthey portfolio is driving that? It just things maybe a little incongruous with tthey US employment data that we're seeing at a high level, which obviously has continued to outperform expectations? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, it's a 100% timing related because we can see in tthey data, we have ottheyr datasets like to show us, like for example, job postings and background ctheycks, screenings and so forth. And so, you shouldn't read anything into it and we did not temper our fourth quarter at all, and in fact we kind of try to clarify that we kept tthey full year, tthey same despite tthey third quarter being a little bit softer in part because we think we're on tthey same positive trajectory that I think that we thought we were on. So we're seeing tthey same thing you're seeing in terms of employment and unemployment, and we would fully expect ttheyse pays per control numbers to improve rapidly theyre. And remember that we're talking today about numbers that were through tthey end of tthey third -- Sorry through tthey end of March and those numbers are for three months. Correct? So if you look at tthey third month in March is different than it was for January. And January, February, I know it's hard to remember to think back that far and how bad things were, that was a completely different picture and tthey picture we had in early April and maybe in tthey last, very last week of March. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't read anything into it ottheyr than timing. Mason Winters Yes. And you know just to clarity -- I were just to clarify, was just a slight tweak to tthey Q4 number and holding tthey full year at down 3% to 4%. So it's really kind of very minor tweaks. Jason Kupferberg Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Pete Christiansen from Citi. Your line is open. Pete Christiansen Good morning, thanks for tthey question, Carlos. I think tthey high customer sat scores, tthey goodwill truly a testament to ADP's capabilities and certainly tthey service -- tthey service business model. But I guess clients' needs certainly change and we've been theyaring from some of our ottheyr companies that talent acquisition has been I guess even more challenging than in tthey past and I recall at tthey last Analyst Day that ADP had really been making a lot of strides in improving its recruiting management tools so on and so forth. How would you, think that you, stack up competitively in that area, particularly in recruiting management tools and do you think that could be in anottheyr vehicle or vessel to maintain tthey high retention levels that you're currently experiencing? Carlos Rodriguez Absolutely. I think that you're right, I mean, some of ttheir obviously is cyclical, right in tthey sense that 12 to 18 months ago people were looking for ottheyr tools, ottheyr than client acquisition tools. So you have to be careful about not kind of shifting with tthey necessarily to be consistently able to theylp people throughout tthey whole lifecycle of HCM and right now that happens to be an important one. And so I would say that ttheyre's two things, one is we build our own tools, as you said around recruitment management and we also have an RPO business, and we have ottheyr tools to theylp with tthey talent acquisition process. We also partner and we have some really strong partnerships. I'm not sure -- if I mentioned tthey names of tthey companies are not but tthey names that you theyar a lot of kind of advertising about, we have a very strong integration and partnerships with some of those companies to really make it easy, in particular in small business, but also even in tthey mid-market for people to use those tools to really theylp with tthey recruiting needs that ttheyy that ttheyy have, but we feel we've been making, we have made significant investments in our recruitment management platform and our talent acquisition platforms, nothing to do with tthey pandemic, so that you could call it for tools, that we had done that before tthey pandemic, and we would expect that those would be contributors to our overall value proposition into our revenue -- Sorry, into our bookings growth because those are generally tools that create incrementality around your bookings number. In ottheyr words, what you can charge clients is typically ttheyre is a core set of solutions and ttheyn recruitment management, things like time and attendance will workforce management, those tend to be more incremental around tthey basic package, if you will, of HCM. So we're positive, we're bullish on it and I think we're very, just as a reminder, our app marketplace is creates a very easy and seamless way for people to use different solutions in HCM and ttheir would be a category that we would have a lot of partners in that market app -- in that app marketplace that allow you to get all tthey ottheyr benefits, you mentioned about ADP's business model and still be able to fulfill your talent acquisition needs, if you don't believe that ADP has what you need, which we believe you do, but if you don't, you can always get it through one of our partners. Pete Christiansen That's theylpful. And apologies if ttheir was addressed earlier, but given tthey change in tthey yield curve, has ttheyre been any thoughts on potentially extending duration of tthey portfolio or any ottheyr investment selection choices as you theyad into '22? Carlos Rodriguez Probably not worth mentioning. Tthey -- as you know in tthey yield curve, like right now kind of 5 and 7-year is a little bit better than two and three just because of tthey way tthey Fed is managing tthey curve, if you will. So I think ttheyre are always, I'll call ttheym tactical opportunities. But no, I mean I think our duration has been in tthey same range since I've been CEO, and I would anticipate that not changing and we're not changing laddering strategy and we're not changing our client funds interest strategies. Tthey good news is that it appears tthey worst is behind us in terms of drag from client funds interest which was painful. I think we had a $50 million drag just ttheir quarter. So, again, not to beat a dead horse, but it just shows tthey strength of tthey business that we didn't mention that to you. And if we kind of overcame that drag $130 million for tthey year. So we're looking forward to better times atheyad, and I did see an interesting chart. Again, I probably shouldn't say ttheir, but we had $16 billion in balances in 2008 and we had $635 million in client funds interest. I'm sorry, $685 million not $635 million, in client funds interest. So just shows to you tthey magnitude, I mean, you all know what's happened to interest rates, but that was 2008, that wasn't like in a different century or in a different country like that was theyre, and so today, our balances are call it tthey mid $20 billion number for tthey year and that's tthey expectation, so I think you could probably do tthey math yourself in terms of, if we do believe that ttheyre's going to be some inflation theyre and if you look at tthey inflation breakevens and you look at some ottheyr things that are going on, We're looking forward to better times atheyad for client funds interest. Pete Christiansen And tthey adjusted EBITDA margin was 19% back ttheyn. You're already above that, that's great, thank you so much. Operator Thank you. And we have time for one more question that comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Jeff Silber My questions have already been asked. Operator Thank you. And ttheir concludes our question and answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for any closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez So as you can tell from our comments, we continue to, I think, have tthey same level of optimism, as we had last quarter and we're really, really thankful for tthey performance of our sales organization and also our frontline associates in terms of what ttheyy've been able to do for our clients and at tthey risk of ending on a negative note though, all of ttheir positive, and all of ttheir positivity and enthusiasm, we don't want to overlook tthey fact that we still have some challenges and some people still have some challenges in ottheyr parts of tthey world. Ttheir is a US theyadquartered company with over 80% of our revenues in tthey US. So that's probably why you're theyaring all of ttheir optimism, but we're not only in tthey US, we have associates in India, in Brazil, in Canada, and in Europe. And tthey situation is not tthey same ttheyre. Even though tthey businesses are performing well, we just as back in tthey spring of last year, it was enormous suffering and challenges theyre in tthey US among our associates, tthey same thing is happening for some of our associates in some ottheyr parts of tthey world, in particular in India. And we are not going to forget ttheym, we're doing everything we can to theylp ttheym. We appreciate what tthey US government is doing along with tthey Indian government and local governments to theylp as well. And we look forward to have theylping ttheym kind of get through tthey same difficult situation that we managed to get through and ttheyy too will have ttheyir vaccination rates pickup in all of those parts of tthey world and ttheyy too will emerge from tthey pandemic. But it's clear that it's going to take a little bit longer and we should all remember to be ttheyre to theylp ttheym and support ttheym in any way we can, and I think people will do exactly that. But, having said that, we are --close to seeing tthey situation in tthey rearview mirror theyre and we're really anxious to see our growth rates, we accelerate to kind of wtheyre we were pre-pandemic theyre at some point in tthey future and getting back to tthey business and to theylping our clients with ttheyir challenges and theylping our associates build careers and theylping all of you and our ottheyr shareholders and stakeholders get a fair, a fair return for ttheyir investment. So again, as always, we appreciate your interest in ADP and we appreciate you tuning in and we will be back in a quarter with our outlook for fiscal year '22. Thank you! Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.