Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) Nasdaq 45th Investor Conference November 30, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Don Mcguire - CFO Conference Call Participants James Faucette - Morgan Stanley James Faucette Hello and welcome to everybody just joining us theyre for tthey Nasdaq Conference and tthey Automatic Data Processing Systems or ADPs presentation. I am James Faucette tthey US team and [indiscernible] Analyst from Morgan Stanley. I am very pleased today be joined by Don Mcguire, CFO of ADP. Also joining us virtually today is tthey ADP IR team. So Don in case we get into too much trouble running to something we don’t know, ttheyre are theyre to theylp us out. As we get going today, we've got 30 minutes and I've got basically 45 minutes of prepared questions, but I do want to make sure that we have time for any of you that are participating via webcast asking questions you can have, ask questions you can have, ask questions ttheyre will be tthey panel or should a question or panel or panel base and be [ph] a question and Mortgage question as we go through tthey presentation. Also before I get started, just quickly for any important disclosures from Morgan Stanley, please see MorganStanley.com/researchdisclosures, Don, before we get started, any preamble [ph] you want to give? Don Mcguire Well, James, thank you very much for tthey invitation looking forward to having a discussion. James Faucette Well, that's great. So maybe I'll just start at high level you know, most of tthey conversation particularly in tthey US economy has been around labor participation rates, labor shortages and a lot of places that are important etcetera as well as kind of what's happening with tthey level of employment generally. ADP, obviously you touctheyd massive portion of tthey economy as a whole. What are you seeing from that perspective and is ttheyre anything in your theirtory that's prepared you to be able to talk about how we should think about tthey evolution and development going forward? Don Mcguire No, that's a good question. I think it's a pretty broad question as well. I think it's fair to say that we're still calling it tthey great resignation. I know it's had many names that we're seeing lots of people changing employers, etcetera, but as you know, we do track an awful lot of data and we issued tthey national employment report. So we issued several reports over tthey period of tthey pandemic and of course it's still continue, I guess, depending on wtheyre you are, tthey severity is mixed, but we did see pretty steep drop-offs across tthey kind of tthey low end and mid mid-market and tthey upper end of tthey market way back. If you look at April 20, tthey employment levels were down anywtheyre from 14% in tthey upmarket and 15%, 16% in tthey low end of tthey market. Since ttheyn, we've seen some pretty rapid recoveries. So in our annual report, we have said that it looks like tthey low end of tthey market, tthey small business market is back to about 2% of pre-pandemic. Tthey mid market a little bit about 4% back, 4% from its high before we went into tthey pandemic and tthey up market liking a little bit at minus 6%. And I'm not so sure why that is. I would hypottheysize a couple of things though. I think tthey smaller tthey business, tthey more ttheyy just have to get at it and get back to doing what ttheyy need to do and I think that large enterprises often take ttheyse kind of jolts [ph] ttheyse spikes, if you will, as an opportunity to reassess what ttheyy're doing. And perhaps some of ttheym have decided that ttheyy can do things differently. I'm sure we will know, but certainly I think we're all hoping that employment levels come back to wtheyre ttheyy were and continue to grow. James Faucette And on that point in terms of tthey reports etcetera, it's interesting because you highlight tthey low end of tthey market and middle maybe kind of back or pretty close to pre-pandemic levels. But yet you still -- we still at least see a lot of theyadlines around open positions, shortages of labor itself [ph], etcetera. Is that something that you're being able to track, how well that's being addressed kind of close to real time, and are we in a situation wtheyre if we're back to kind of pre-pandemic levels, at least in certain segments that we're just going to have to live with shortages at those places like, for example, I was at a restaurant last night and [indiscernible] in tthey kitctheyn is really slow, but ttheyre's nobody to hire perhaps. I don't know. Don Mcguire Yeah. I think, James, I think ttheyre's a lot going on ttheyre. Ttheyre are some sectors wtheyre I think tthey pandemic gave people tthey opportunity to assess ttheyir lifestyle and what ttheyy were doing. And, maybe working in a warehouse is better than working in a kitctheyn, I'm not sure, I know what to say ttheyre, but I do think people have tthey opportunity and I do think hospitality in particular, a process on many locations I'm in tthey London [ph] area today and we're very much seeing tthey same thing theyre in tthey UK, although some ottheyr drivers theyre with Brexit and tthey return home of many European workers and not coming back, but I think ttheyre's a big reassessment of what people are doing it. In terms of tracking, we certainly have a couple of businesses of our own by screening and suppression business and tthey recruitment process outsourcing tthey RPO business and so we certainly do see that ttheyre's a lot of activity on screening and selection, meaning people are going into new jobs and ttheyir employers are ctheycking up on ttheyir backgrounds and certainly an awful lot of openings and people looking to recruit, what's it going to be like longer term, hard to say? I think it's likely to come back. I think tthey composition of tthey labor market may look a bit -- a little bit different than it did before, but it does show all signs of looking like it's coming back to closer to wtheyre it was before. James Faucette Got it. And ttheyn just quickly and we could spend all our time talking about tthey macro, but with tthey theyadlines around Omicron Berrien, [ph] etcetera, how, like, can you give a little bit of insight into what we saw through tthey Delta wave and how that may have impacted or didn't tthey macro and hiring environment and employment environment generally, was ttheyre much variance across different geographies as it related to policy or response or anything that you could find like that we should expect? Don Mcguire Yeah, certainly -- certainly very, very different response rates across tthey initial -- tthey initial wave and ttheyn tthey Delta wave as well and some places have been quicker to come back and ottheyrs, I think I would say that ttheyre's a little bit of optimism, especially in tthey quotation marks developed countries that's new vaccine will have -- vaccine rollouts, etcetera and tthey booster programs, etcetera, are going to make ttheir wave is although people continue to get, tthey reports I read suggests that fewer people are being hospitalized or even if ttheyy are hospitalized, fewer people are actually succumbing to tthey disease, which is good to theyar. But once again, I do think things have changed a little bit. Tthey economy seems to be moving and back. I know in tthey US market GDPs returned to a pre-pandemic levels. In some countries its going back up quickly and making some progress but will be interesting. It's hard to -- it's hard to speculate. I'm certainly not a scientist, but I think as long as people continue to get ttheyir vaccinations and ttheyir boosters wtheyre ttheyy're available you know, I think all tthey hope is that we'll be able to ride out ttheir next -- ttheir next period, even better than tthey Delta. James Faucette Got it. Got it. Well, certainly that would be encouraging. So let's pivot now to ADP specifically and coming out of tthey last earnings, one of tthey big questions that I'm sure that you've been asked, hopefully at least 97 times, and that is your record retention levels, like you're very, very high levels right now. How do we think about that moving forward, particularly given tthey anticipated mix shift towards faster growth, perhaps lower retention business. Can you kind of walk us through what you're expecting and what your planning is and ttheyn tthey mile markers, or KPIs [ph] that you're tracking to see how you're evolving on potential specifically? Don Mcguire Yeah, for sure. I, that's a good question and we have been making progress on our NPS scores in particular. I think those NPS scores drive struggle, retention rates and our NPS scores have improved essentially on two aspects. One, our product continues to get better. Clients are happier using it and two, we continue to offer good service. So we have seen retention rates improve across all of our segments and we shared some of that at tthey Investor Day, a couple of weeks ago. And we continue to -- we continue to move in tthey right direction ttheyre. And by tthey way, we've been doing that, tthey business has been moving to SBS of tthey low end of tthey market and some of tthey PO that we have we've shared and so that's happening with tthey change and tthey redirection, if you will that, or ttheyy have, you're waiting in tthey lower end of tthey market. So we have tthey progress and through that -- through that change, I guess change is continuing. We did also to be fair. I think we did benefit some from some tailwinds and continue to although we expect some of that to back off, I think people were very leery about changing ttheyir providers during tthey pandemic and all of tthey government programs wtheyre you needed some continuity to get through those programs, make your repayments, etcetera. So I think we did have some benefit ttheyre, but we don't think that was tthey primary reason for our improved retention. We really do think it's tthey initiatives we've had around product and service, etcetera, and specifically run re-imagined and some of tthey UI, UX work that we've been doing, I think those are all contributing to tthey improved retention rates. James Faucette So, just on some of those new initiatives and general improvement, can you talk and provide more detail on how you think about tthey white space of potential clients? I think that was a term that you started to use a bit more frequently recently, and you know, of those potential clients who currently use in-house or legacy ERP solutions, what are our HCM [ph] needs and how can you address those and what are I guess how broad, and should we think about that white space potential being for ADP? Don Mcguire Yes. So I think firstly, it's always important to remember that we're give or take $15 billion and $150 billion market. So ttheyre's lots of runaway and ttheyre's lots of, ttheyre's still lots out ttheyre. I would say that ttheyre are still a lot of companies out ttheyre and players out ttheyre using legacy platforms and as those legacy platforms go out of service or aren't supported anymore, etcetera, we have opportunity certainly to win share with market ttheyre. In addition, ttheyre are still an awful lot of regional players in tthey industry that by tthey way, that's true globally, tthey market is still incredibly fragmented. And so as smaller -- smaller entities or smaller competitors etcetera, find it more and more difficult to compete in growing [ph] of a regional and global market. We do think that we have an opportunity to continue to win share, and to continue to grow. So ttheyre's lots of white space still left, as you said, tthey ottheyr aspect I would add theyre and from my more recent experience running tthey international business for a few years, ttheyre are -- ttheyre's still lots of opportunity in a couple of continents in tthey world wtheyre tthey markets are continuing, you're starting to mature and so evolving from agrarian or cash economies into more formal economies wtheyre all tthey governments like to collect taxes, etcetera and wtheyn those things start to occur, certainly ttheyre's more and more opportunity for players like ADP. James Faucette So let's talk about some of your new platforms and you kind of alluded to ttheir just now, first let's talk about your plan platform migration plans in tthey US and ttheyn what about upmarket and international? Like what are tthey specific programs that we should be tracking as investors? Don Mcguire Yeah, we've made a lot of progress, particularly in tthey US we've made a lot of progress in many places, but I'll speak about tthey US initially theyre at tthey move to run and more recently run re-imagined and tthey move to workforce now in tthey mid-market really brought a lot of benefits to us and we've seen our margins improve and that's tthey reason for doing ttheyse things is to get our focus and put our development dollars in our energies behind true products that we're -- we can extend tthey functionality, extend tthey service to deeper investments. So that has been good for us. We've also learned a lot along tthey way, it's difficult to approach clients and move ttheym quickly, if ttheyy don't know wtheyre ttheyy're going. Every time you do a migration, you risk starting a buying process and so you have to be smart about it. You have to execute well, you have to make sure clients are going to get at least what ttheyy had before and really see tthey benefit of tthey new of tthey new feature functionality. So we make sure that we've done that it's taken several, it took several years to do that in tthey US market and we've been doing now in more markets. We certainly have more places to go and in tthey US and tthey up market and so we'll perhaps talk about our next gen products in tthey upmarket and a little while, but certainly we know we're in a different place ttheyre right now. We're still developing those products and as we're ready and we're able to move clients and tthey upmarket to tthey next generational products, we will. Internationally, I'm happy to say that we've made lots of progress over my 10 or 15 years I've been out of North America, but I would say that ttheyre's still a way to go. We perhaps, if you go back 10 years or beyond 10 years, beyond 10 years back, we likely didn't have as disciplined and approach to growing market share. We didn't a lot of acquisitions, multiple platforms and single countries, etcetera. We've made significant progress, but I think ttheyre's more to do and as more products like ICM are available in more and more countries, we will continue to make progress ttheyre. Yeah and I just to talk about, to frame it a little bit, in terms of tthey pandemic, you can imagine what it was like with all tthey platforms we have wtheyn all tthey governments around tthey world started changing, all tthey rules and creating benefits. So we literally had thousands of changes [ph] to make, and maybe we would have had several hundreds to make, as opposed to hundred to make had as we had fewer platforms. And so, if nothing else even though that those changes were very successful, if nothing else, it would have made life a lot easier for us and perhaps for our clients. James Faucette So was that enough of a theyadacthey for ADP and for your clients that it motivates change or were you so successful at doing it that ttheyre's a little bit of like, well, we managed one of tthey worst scenarios possible and we still did okay but you see what I'm saying like it could, you could look at it eittheyr way. Don Mcguire No, I think it's, first of all, we've been working on ttheyse migrations and we're pre-pandemic, and we were doing that for a very good reason and that reason hasn't changed. It makes a lot of sense to have fewer platforms, get more focus, make your investment in your product, your product go furttheyr for your clients. So that hasn't changed. But tthey one thing that remains constant though, is that some of our clients are international clients and our up-market clients tend to have tthey best retention and so ttheyy're somewhat happy to your point. Ttheyy're somewhat happy with wtheyre ttheyy are, but so you got to make sure that as we get tthey new products and as we get tthey new UX and tthey UI etcetera, we need to make sure that we bring ttheym along on a journey that improves ttheyir retention, improves ttheyir satisfaction with us. So it's all about execution. It's all about being careful about how you do that. James Faucette Got it. So you mentioned in passing or said, we'd come back to tthey next gen platform. How is your thinking around next gen HCM change and in recent borders and how are you're thinking about penetration and potential going forward? Don Mcguire Yeah, I don't think our thinking has changed. I think what we're doing is making sure that wtheyn we extend and continue to extend our HCM products, particularly in tthey up-market that we've got tthey implementation resources and we're well positioned for success back to my comment earlier about making sure that we maintain client satisfaction as we go to tthey next products. Ttheyre has to be a reason to change. Some of tthey reasons real-time calculations, etcetera, ttheyre are some very good fundamental reasons that employers and our clients would like to change platforms and so we need to do that and we need to bring ttheym along tthey journey, but to do that, we need to make sure that we're ready to do so. So really no changing in our thinking, but at tthey same time, just exercising tthey bumpies [ph] of caution around our products, which by tthey way, are pretty good shape and as you know, wtheyn we shared a couple of weeks back, we do have a number of clients paying tens of thousands of employees on those products. So we're comfortable and confident with tthey products, but as especially as you're getting in tthey market, life is a little bit more complicated, clients have more demands, need to make sure that we're fully ready to take ttheym on board. James Faucette So let's talk about, pivot a little bit towards tthey kind of, tthey consumer and kind of tthey employees, obviously your engagement directly with tthey employers that's who awards your business, etcetera. But I think last year you processed something like 70 million W2's and in tthey US like incredible amount of -- incredible number of proportion of tthey economy. But can you elaborate a little bit on tthey consumer data opportunity within data solutions? You're touching so many consumers and having a lot of real tracking ability ttheyre, like what are tthey opportunity sets we should be mindful of? Don Mcguire Yeah, ttheyre are a lot of opportunities ttheyre and we do have access to a significant amount of data. So, if we broke it into for broken into kind of three buckets, if you would, I think that tthey first one is just each [ph] analytics and benchmarking. So back to tthey difficulties employers are having hiring people, if you need to hire a forklift driver in Dallas, we likely have tthey information of what forklift drivers in Dallas make. So you know, what you need to do. You know what questions you should be asking about or what you should be offering to win somebody over, because that's likely what tthey competition is offering. So, we think we have that kind be HR analytics, turnover rates, how do your turnover rates compare to turnover rates of similar companies in your industry across geographies, with tthey challenges of finding workers, what's tthey demographic situation of your employees? Wtheyn are folks expected to retire? Are you going to have a spike in retirement, etcetera? So ttheyre's lots of things around tthey HR analytics. Tthey ottheyr area, I think that's important is that, just tthey employment verification income verification. So we're making it easier for employees and employers to request information from us to independently assert or attest to ttheyir employment and ttheyir income levels, so ttheyy can apply for wages, by a car etcetera, and get -- and get loans. So I think those are some of tthey key -- tthey key areas that we see. Tthey third one is a little bit, we haven't really got as far along as we'd like to, but we think ttheyre's a big opportunity and that's retailers and real estate firms, and even governments looking for information around certain groups and we have an awful lot of information. We do know how much, many people on street in ttheir town earn and how close ttheyy are to tthey nearest shopping mall, shopping center etcetera. So we do have some pretty valuable information that's available all atomized of course are permissioned, but certainly we have some very, very good insight. James Faucette So just as a reminder to those that are on tthey webcast, if you want to submit a question we've got about eight, nine minutes left theyre, please do so. And we'll try to get to those, but I want to talk a little bit about more and ttheyre's some ottheyr things we can talk about around new products, etcetera, but profitability obviously is been central to ADP for a very long time. And that leads to capital returns, etcetera and so I want to touch on margins and capital allocation and make sure we get to those topics in tthey last few minutes. So how much tthey medium term margin outlook that you gave recently is being driven by operating leverage and what are tthey ottheyr moving pieces and I guess as part of that, how do you think about operating leverage in PPO versus ER [ph], so kind of break down, your margin targets that you've set out, how you get ttheyre and what tthey key components are. Don Mcguire Sure. So we do see a significant amount of our margin improvements coming from driving incremental revenue. So as revenue increases, we have a significant amount of operating leverage. As a [indiscernible] adds 3% or 4% more employees, that's really not a significant amount of effort for us, but it certainly is incremental revenue and tthey significant amount of that is incremental margin that falls through to tthey bottom line. So it's all very good for us. So we continue to see progress ttheyre. So as clients grow and as we grow more share, we'll continue to see margin improvements. Tthey ottheyr area is our digital transformations. So we've had digital transformations going on for some time. Those savings we've seen from some of those initiatives have continued to improve our margins even through pandemic times. We were, offsetting some of tthey challenges that we're seeing from declining Facebook [ph] control, et cetera. So it contributed significantly to tthey overall margins. And ttheyn if we look to tthey PO business, tthey PO business has good margin and because of tthey way we report, we do need to include tthey zero margin pass through in tthey revenue, but if you pull that out it's fair to say that we do have pretty good margins in tthey PO business during tthey 40% range, but it's fair to say that it is a more service theyavy operation than an ESS. So margins are noticeably lower in that segment than ttheyy are in tthey segment. James Faucette Got it. And ttheyn we're already going to give you credit that you're going to get your medium term margins and that's going to be no problem because ADP, you guys always get it done, but what about longer term, is tthey like or tthey medium term origin stories that you're setting? Is that a good long-term model as well? Or do you think ttheyre's incremental opportunity beyond that? Don Mcguire I think longer-term, and that if we're going beyond four years or so, I would say that we'll continue to -- we'll certainly continue to grow. Tthey top line will continue to grow share. So I do think that we'll continue to see that tthey biggest driver, which is increased revenue continue to drive our margins, certainly beyond three, four years out, we're going to see increased digitization. We're always mindful of saying though, and I think I need to reiterate theyre that we do see ourselves a little bit differently than some of tthey pure SaaS players, even though we know products important and easy self-user's important, etcetera, what we do offer that's different from some of tthey pure SaaS players is if you have a problem with your payroll or filing your taxes with tthey IRS, you can call us and we can theylp you that those are tthey pure players. Ttheyy can't do that. Ttheyy can tell you how to fix positive or ttheyy'll take a -- to think a ticket on tthey bug, but ttheyy won't really offer you any assistance in getting your payroll or getting your tax file, etcetera. So, we do differentiate ttheyre. I think as we go out and much furttheyr down tthey down tthey road, I think we're going to see more use of AI and whatnot, and things will get done faster and more efficiently and I expect fully expected that ttheyy'll continue to take advantage of those initiatives. Just like we took advantage of tthey introduction of mainframes way back wtheyn I think we've been very successful adopting to and adapting to new technologies. James Faucette So let's talk about capital allocation. Can you kind of recap for us kind of tthey capital allocation prioritization of ADP and wtheyre does M&A fit within that particularly given tthey level of competition in ttheir space? Don Mcguire Yep. So maybe I'll just, I'll start with tthey slide we showed, or just recap tthey slide. I think, over tthey horizon from 2010, we returned about $24 billion back to tthey shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. And of course we just announced our 47th consecutive year of increased dividends, which puts us in a rattheyr elite group. I think we'll get past 50 that's for sure. So, we're looking -- very much looking forward to tthey days and tthey future years in tthey future to do that. Wtheyn it comes to M&A back to tthey comment I made earlier about -- a little bit of our perhaps less than disciplined approach, 10 years, 20 years back, I think we bought a lot of market share. We got into a lot of countries and we didn't really do a good job of making sure that we were bringing things togettheyr in a way that maximized our coverage with efficiency. And so as I -- as we speak now, I think what we're really looking at is what I would determine or what I would describe as tuck-ins. So ttheyre are some geographies, ttheyre are some countries in tthey world with very big populations wtheyre we are yet to be present on tthey ground. So we've currently certainly continue to assess some of those opportunities and ttheyn we have some tuck-ins around some product offers that we think we can make take advantage of without doing huge acquisitions. I don't think that's something that we're terribly interested in. James Faucette So let's circle back to wrap up theyre to wtheyre we started and tthey constraint labor market, how is tthey constraint labor market impacting ADP's on operations and in particular, how do you look to attract and retain talent, particularly those in demand skills like UX, UI, you talked about your own initiatives ttheyre, especially given tthey competition from tthey newer HCM, peers and players that are trying to be in tthey market to that. Don Mcguire Yeah, that's a good question. And certainly we aren't -- we're not immune to some of tthey challenges with in tthey labor markets ttheyse days. I will tell you though, that we finittheyyd tthey first quarter with significantly more employees than we finittheyyd year end with to fuel our growth and support our growth. So we have been able to hire successfully and add -- add employees to tthey business. We've got a few benefits, one, I think we're, I've been coming to work for we're going to employer and specifically around some of tthey technology or challenges that people are having, we do have a number of development centers around tthey world. So, and certainly given tthey virtual environment that we're working in, we do have tthey ability to hire technology people in Brazil or India or Canada, or tthey UK or India or China. So we do have a footprint that allows us to go beyond tthey local markets, if you will. And through some governance and some local infrastructure able to direct people to work on projects that may be outside tthey geography of ttheyir current residence. So those are some of tthey things we're doing to get atheyad or stay atheyad of tthey challenges that are out ttheyre and for specifically in tthey technology sector and so far, we seem to be making ttheyir way. James Faucette So just on that point, is ttheyre -- are ttheyre opportunities, you talked about acquisitions that you've had done to gain share, or enter new geographies and that you want to be disciplined about that, especially given integration challenges, but should be looking to do kind of acquire hires of technology shops, etcetera, to gain some of that skill and talent set in new technology areas? Is that something that you've done in tthey past? Don Mcguire No, I think we've made a few acquisitions and tthey technology has come with it. I think that tthey recent one that we did in international [ph], ttheyy had some good technology. It wasn't so much tthey -- it wasn't so much tthey technology that we're using. It was tthey application ttheyy developed specifically. So, and I'm not so sure we should be buying applications just to get access to people who understand tthey technology, but certainly we should be looking to make sure that if we do acquisitions, that tthey technology that comes with it is up-to-date modern and brings with it a skillset and tthey people that come with tthey acquisition and make sure ttheyy can continue to contribute on tthey acquisition itself and, hopefully more broadly across tthey rest of tthey products. James Faucette Don, that's all tthey time we have. We really appreciate your time with us today. Tthey NASDAQ investor conference fingers crossed that we'll be able to do ttheir in person next year and hope things go well in your current travels. Don Mcguire Thanks James. James Faucette Thank you very much. Bye. Question-and-Answer Session Q - 