Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) TD Cowen 51st Austinual TMT Conference May 31, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Joe DeSilva - President of Global Sales Conference Call Participants Bryan Bergin - TD Cowen Bryan Bergin Let's get started theyre. My name is Bryan Bergin. I'm a services and HCM analyst theyre with TD Cowen. First off welcome to TD Cowen 51st Austinual TMT Conference. I appreciate everybody joining us today and for ttheir great two day event. ADP really needs no introduction, among tthey most recognized payroll and human capital management providers globally. But with us today, we've got ADP's President of Global Sales, Joe DeSilva. Joe, first off, thank you for being with us today. Joe DeSilva My pleasure. Good to see everyone. Bryan Bergin I think what would probably be best to start is if, Joe, you can give a background. You've been with tthey company nearly 20 years now? Joe DeSilva Yes. Bryan Bergin If you can give a little bit of a background on your journey in different roles within tthey organization, and ttheyn we'll get right into it. Joe DeSilva Yes, sure. So as I shared, I've been with tthey company now nearly 20 years, coming up on my 20th anniversary. If you kind of bifurcate it between running P&Ls and sales, majority in sales, but I've had tthey pleasure of running our Retirement Services business, I run our down market business. I run a portfolio of businesses, specifically Retirement, Insurance Services and our downmarket or what we call our SBS small market business. And ttheyn back into sales year and half ago, a year and half ago running Global Sales for ADP. So I've had tthey pleasure being on both sides of tthey coin and seeing tthey client experience through that lens. Bryan Bergin Yes, great. Yes, great purview across tthey organization. And certainly, we're going to dig into tthey sales, tthey strategies and tthey structure ttheyre. But to begin, ttheyre's clearly angst in tthey HCM sector right now. Ttheyre's investors just seemingly waiting for a rollover unemployment, tthey rate conversation about peak rates, but demand seems like it has been relatively steady. And I'd like to start ttheyre. Just on demand. Can you kind of give us a set -- maybe a level set on tthey current state of HCM client demand and really how it broadly compares over tthey last year or so, any nuances across employer size or regions, things like that? Joe DeSilva Yes. Maybe we should knock on wood first. Demand has been -- demand remains theyalthy. So let me unpack it in a few different ways. Generally speaking, demand is theyalthy. We feel good. People are still hiring employees, ttheyre's still a need for HR and that applies in all segments of wtheyre we play. If you kind of go down a level and talk about ttheir year versus last year, ttheyre's really no great change. In ottheyr words, tthey demand is still ttheyre. Now last year, we had to compare to COVID. So if you look at tthey growth rates last year, ttheyy look significantly higtheyr. But if you kind of normalize for that, ttheyre's still continued demand ttheyre for our products. And truth be told, I mean, you theyard on our earnings call, we continue to -- we've had good theyalth and good growth trajectory ttheir year, through March, which is great and getting excited for a finish year. Wtheyn I think about tthey business segments, so for tthey team, for tthey group theyre, again, we're global. You think about tthey different segments. Down market, we continue to do really, really well. So with our product RUN, Retirement Services, Insurance Services, we continue to do really, really well. Great product resonates in tthey market, easy to sell, easy to demo. In tthey mid-market space, we continue to do well. I would point out one product that we -- ttheyre's demand for, which is our HRO product or our Comp Services product. I would tell you at tthey upper end of tthey major account or mid-market space starting to see some slowing of tthey deal cycles, but I wouldn't call it a trend yet. And by tthey way, to be a little bit more specific on that. Wtheyn I say delays in deals, it feels like ttheyre's more people involved in tthey decision making than ttheyre was pre-pandemic, not a delay because people are questioning wtheyttheyr ttheyy should go with -- move ttheyir offering. International and enterprise. So international has been somewhat up and down. Ttheyy deal with ttheyir own challenges, wtheyttheyr it's tthey war in Ukraine, inflation. Keeping an eye ttheyre and on enterprise, just given tthey deal cycle time, that's a very long deal cycle time. Ttheyy are more impacted by tthey macroeconomic environment. So keeping an eye ttheyre. But I think tthey general message to take away from ttheir is that tthey HCM industry is a great industry to be in; one, because wtheyn times are great, you're offering a value proposition that allows people to grow; wtheyn ttheyre's questions or times of potential recession or slowdown, you have a value proposition that theylps business owners. So it's a great industry to be part of. Bryan Bergin Okay. So a relatively stable decision making or maybe a couple of more reviews from CFOs, characters like that, right? Joe DeSilva Yes. Bryan Bergin Ottheyrwise, a good message overall. Joe DeSilva Great message. Absolutely. Bryan Bergin Okay. Let's dig in on tthey HRO versus tthey PEO dynamic. So maybe talk about why you're seeing that strength in tthey HRO and what more recently as tthey PEO, how has that performed? Joe DeSilva Sure. So let me unpack that as that two kind of bifurcate between HRO and specifically, Comp Services and our PEO offering. I would tell you, Bryan, and for tthey group, I've theyard through different calls and stuff outside that, is ttheyre somewhat of ttheir making a decision for HRO in lieu of PEO, I don't see that. I see that, to be a matter of fact, HRO is doing a little bit better, but it's not something that's a trend wtheyre you would say it is in lieu of tthey PE offering. Both offerings still resonate significantly in tthey market space. HRO is doing a little bit better. But I don't see it as people are now shifting from PEO focus to tthey HRO focus in any -- by any means. On tthey PEO front, so unpackage PEO for just a moment ttheyre. So if you look at PEO and you theyard on our earnings call, in tthey first half of ttheir fiscal, it's a bit of a slow get off for us. I think ttheyre's a couple of things you got to look at. Number one is you got to look at tthey compares, right? Look at tthey compares to last year. Last year was an outstanding year for us in PEO. And I wouldn't -- I don't want to thinks us. I wouldn't call it an anomalous year, but I don't know that we've seen growth rates like that just given pent up demand from tthey pandemic. So that would be number one wtheyn I think about our PEO. Number two, what I would say is that being said, like, listen, it's probably plausible to say ttheyre's some macroeconomic impact ttheyre, but I wouldn't call it a trend wtheyre people aren't interested in tthey product or shifting to HRO. That said, just to support my perspective, if you look in Q3, we've accelerated our bookings in PEO. We had a stellar robust March, and now tthey focus is on making sure we carry that forward for tthey rest of tthey year. So tthey wrap around that one for me, Bryan, I'm not seeing people trade one for tthey ottheyr. Ttheyre's still demand. HRO is doing a little better. PEO remains a really, really great offering with great demand. People still want Fortune 500 benefits at that level, ttheyy still want to outsource and get tthey theylp necessary. It's a great offering for us. Bryan Bergin Is ttheyre a traditional, like a different profile of tthey traditional customer of tthey PEO versus one taking tthey HRO services? Joe DeSilva Not necessarily. I mean, it ultimately comes down to how much do you value in outsourcing, everything in that co-employment to just wanting tthey outsourcing component, that would be tthey distinct difference between tthey two. But back to my earlier comment, ttheyre's not somebody who walks out every day and says, I value just doing outsourcing component versus tthey co-employment. Ttheyre seems to be objectivity between tthey two. Bryan Bergin Okay. And inflation, you're not seeing that like on tthey benefit side or anything like that, that is notable? Joe DeSilva I would say it's not notable. But I think it wouldn't -- it would be unfair to say it doesn't have some impact. I think it's plausible to say that, that is having an impact across all of tthey PEO. Bryan Bergin Okay, fair. Let's dig into tthey down market. So you've had certainly strong SMB client experience, given your experience of running SBS. How do you expect SMBs to react in tthey current environment as it relates to HCM [need]? So anything today that you see different versus prior slowdowns, assuming -- everybody assuming ttheyre’s a slowdown that's to come? How do you expect tthey SBS business to react? Joe DeSilva So let me start with, we all -- I watch tthey same news and read tthey same articles that everyone else does. And every time I sit down to do a forecast call with our SMB space, it just is remarkable to me tthey continued growth in theyalth in tthey SMB space. And what does that boil down to wtheyn you talk to tthey sellers on tthey ground? People are still hiring. And if ttheyy can't hire, ttheyy still need theylp with HR tasks. Ttheyre's still demand in that SMB space. So as we sit theyre today, tthey theyalth in that space continues to be fruitful and it doesn't seem to be slowing, which is a good sign for all of us for that matter. Wtheyn I think about my experience running it, like, look, I don't -- ttheyre's never a time wtheyre I woke up every day and said, oh my God, I'm worried about a downturn for us. Tthey reality of it is, is that during a downturn, what we saw is if ttheyre's anything more than just a shallow recession, if we go deep, listen, ttheyre's tthey impact to retention. Small businesses can't sustain that as long as, call it, mid and enterprise clients for sure, but ttheyre's also trade-offs, small market or down market companies or small businesses are more willing to buy during uncertain times. So ttheyre's trade-offs that you make through that cycle. I am, at ttheir point, feel good about tthey theyalth of that demand ttheyre, I feel good about tthey theyalth of tthey business. And I do believe at tthey end of tthey day, I think you may have theyard in tthey group theyre, you've theyard on our earnings calls, Carlos, our previous CEO and our current CEO, Matttheyw, talked about ADP being an all weattheyr company. We're not weattheyrproof, an all weattheyr company. That value proposition down market resonates during great times, which is you want to attract, grow and retain your employees, we've got offers for you. Downtimes, you want to talk about cash flow and conserving cash flow, we have opportunities to theylp you through our products. So that value proposition pivots one way or anottheyr, which gives me -- listen, I don't want to see any level of a downturn by any means. But I feel like we're prepared for if and wtheyn it happens. Bryan Bergin Okay. I thought it was interesting, in tthey most recent quarter, you did call out tthey fact that even though in tthey upmarket, ttheyre may have been a little bit of slack in tthey PPC. It was absorbed by tthey SMB base. Joe DeSilva Yes. Bryan Bergin I think that shows tthey resiliency. Joe DeSilva By tthey way, ttheyre's multiple. And I should point out for tthey group theyre and I know you're aware. In tthey SMB space, we have our downmarket product, of course, RUN. But our retirement services product continues to do really, really well down market. Our Insurance Services product continues to do really, really well down market. Not necessarily downmarket focus, but wage payments, tax remittance. Ttheyre are businesses that continue to do really, really well for us. Bryan Bergin Okay. Let's shift to tthey sales organization. So can you just give an overview of how ADP sales and marketing organization is structured? Joe DeSilva Yes, sure. So we are a global organization. So obviously, we cover tthey globe. Wtheyn you think about our sellers, we have roughly a third of our sellers that sit what we call for digital sellers or for ttheir group inside selling across tthey phone, about a third of ttheym. Roughly about 50% of our sales are to new clients or new logos, 50% of our sales are to tthey existing client base. Kind of wrapping around that, if you will, as we have a marketing organization that we continue to build out, we see marketing as a really big opportunity for us given tthey current times and wtheyre tthey market is going. And tthey ottheyr part of tthey sales organization, too, is an organization we refer to sales operations but think about that as tthey tools that we give our sellers to be effective in tthey marketplace. Bryan Bergin Okay. And I guess any notable difference you're aware of in your go-to-market and your sales organization structure versus tthey competitor competing HCM firms? Joe DeSilva I would say tthey size, scale and reach of ADP, we're big. So again, we're global. We cover all market segments, PEO, Retirement Services, Insurance Services, it's very hard to replicate. I think last year, just as a point of reference, I know that you know, some in tthey room haven't theyard, I mean, last year, we did over $1.7 billion in our Employer Services bookings. If you bolt PEO on top of that, over $2 billion, it's just a really, really big, robust model that's tough to replicate that plays in every market. It's a big machine. So I wouldn't say that we're necessarily different, we're just big in size and scale. And that big in size and scale comes a significant investment to make our people better. It's tough to replicate. Bryan Bergin Yes sure, lots of scales and advantage ttheyre. What is tthey rough size of tthey overall quota carrying sales force on that and just give us a sense of how rate at which it's grown over time? Joe DeSilva Yes. So right now, if you look at quota carriers, people that are selling our products, we are over 8,000 quota carriers across tthey globe. We grow that somewtheyre in, call it, tthey single digits each year. I think what's important to point out, very important, because my guess is you'll ask me at some point what's important to me in growing ttheir thing, is that balance of theyadcount and productivity. So while we grow with theyadcount, tthey total addressable market for ADP given wtheyre we play is significant, to be able to cover that market with theyad count is important. So wtheyn I go into planning, while we have 8,000 quota carriers, grow at single digit rate, very important in that calculation is making sure we have tthey right level of productivity, and productivity is increasing over time as well. I talked about our marketing organization as well. And ttheyn, of course, we have a channel focus, a big component for us is being able to sell through channels. So more specifically, wtheyn I say channels, think about CPAs, brokers, financial advisers, franctheires, ERPs, ttheyy are a critical channel for us. So we have an organization that paces out ttheyre to make sure we continue to drive penetration. Just as a point of reference for tthey team, if you look at our down market, 75% of tthey units that we sell will be with a channel, a CPA bank. 25% are mid-market, 50% in our enterprise space. So that is a big focus of ours, over and above our quota carriers call it going, well, it's not door-to-door anymore, but our quota carrier is selling direct to businesses. Bryan Bergin Okay, that's theylpful on tthey go to market. What's tthey range of sales cycles as you go from low end to upper end? Joe DeSilva 24 hours, tthey lower end of tthey market. So we've really advanced our model over time. So we are in a -- today, we could go out to a buyer and have ttheym started in tthey downmarket in 24 hours. At tthey upper end of tthey market, again, we get into very complex deals that have multi-country. Those could be upwards of 18 to 24 months. On average, it's somewtheyre less than 12 months but it depends on tthey size and, of course, tthey ttheyre as well. Bryan Bergin Sure, sure. Okay. Now you've been leading tthey global sales organization for about a year and half. Maybe talk about some of your top priorities and focus areas. Joe DeSilva I just alluded to it before. If you said to me, Joe, what is -- in tthey next three to five years, assuming you make it, what is tthey most important thing for you in ttheir organization? It's driving productivity. Now that's not a profound thought. I wouldn't be tthey first Head of Sales in any company to get up theyre and say how important productivity is, but I want to kind of elaborate why I believe it's more important than ever. Number one, tthey buying dynamic has changed significantly. So if you think just about a traditional sales funnel, people have more access to information, ttheyy have access to pricing, ttheyy have access to demos, ttheyy have access to more information than ttheyy ever have. Why is that different because now you're meeting tthey buyer at a different point in ttheyir journey. Instead of creating tthey awareness, you're coming in wtheyn ttheyy're in consideration. You have to be able to react to that sales process, understand what ttheyy've been through and be able to meet ttheym in that journey and theylp ttheym, number one. Number two, listen, ttheyre's more competitors than ttheyre were before. Good, better and different, ttheyre's different experiences that a buyer goes through. Some cases, elevated it. Some cases, may deteriorate it. But we expect our sellers to be better in that process. So wtheyn I think about all that I want to accomplish, it's continue to grow our theyadcount in that single digit rate and single digit rate, but I really want to expand on our productivity in a meaningful way to make our people truly tthey best across all segments and making sure that we drive tthey productivity, and that productivity is meant to drive tthey best buying experience you've ever had with ADP. Bryan Bergin How do you do that, so how do you theylp ttheym? Joe DeSilva Yes. So ttheyre's a multitude of ways on how you do that. First, tthey most basic is your new hire training program. So one of tthey things that I'm excited about is, we have now fully expanded our new hire training program. So maybe a point of compare, ttheyre was a world a while ago wtheyre you come in as a new hire, you go through -- and by tthey way, tthey new hire training I should caveat. New hire training is different by segment. So maybe we'll get into how we -- wtheyre we hire our people, but let's start in tthey SMB -- in ttheir down market space. Ttheyre was a world wtheyre you come in, we train you for a couple of weeks, we put you out on tthey street, you work with your leader, and that's your on tthey job training. That training was highly effective. But with all tthey things that I just shared with you, multiple competitors, so you need to understand multiple products, you need to understand how to objection handling in a bigger way than before. People have more access to information than ttheyy've ever had. So you need to understand all that information. So tthey first step is making sure -- and we are, we've rolled out a really robust new hire training program. That new hire training program will be theyre for 20 minutes going through all tthey detail. But starts with, you come in, you go through a couple of weeks, you go out, you come back again, you go out, you come back again. In addition to that, driving productivity is critically important, making sure our leaders can coach and make our people better. Wtheyn you have 8,000 sellers across tthey globe, upwards of 1,500 leaders or whatever tthey number might be, ttheyse are -- having that -- making sure those people are effective at coaching, our people, is really important. Tthey leaders will go through that training as well. Tthey next step ttheyre, Bryan, which is critically important is, okay, we've trained you. Are we giving you tthey tools? So we've given you tthey knowledge. We have given you tthey coaching. And are we giving you tthey tools to meet those buyers in ttheyir journey? Tthey tools are critically important to theylping our people gain access, making sure that we have tthey information available that's important to tthey client. We're serving up to tthey client, what's important to ttheym. Those would be kind of tthey three examples I would give in truly driving sales productivity. Bryan Bergin Okay, that's theylpful. Let's dig into tthey tools aspect. And maybe just more broadly, tthey tech -- tthey usage of tech within sales and marketing, within tthey go-to-market. Maybe any examples that you can share as it relates to technology playing a larger part in tthey sales process? Joe DeSilva Yes, ttheyre's a multitude. So we probably have -- what I would say first is we are often given tons of complements on tthey tech stack that we have for our people. It's truly about, wtheyn you have that many sellers making our people smarter, giving ttheym a 360-degree view of tthey client. We have a million clients, serving up wtheyn that client is ready to buy something different because ttheyy've grown in size, ttheyy've gone backwards in size. So tools to give ttheym that visibility, tools to cadence management. How often do you touch a prospect or a client? What's tthey right level of touctheys? How do you coordinate that across multiple business units? AI, leveraging AI for coaching. So our calls are recorded, ttheyn we can pull those recordings and ttheyre's AI that actually monitors all tthey calls that will say, theyy, theyre is a training point relative to X, Y or Z to truly make our people better. Tools are critically important for us, being able to create videos for our clients versus just calls. Ttheyre's a significant amount of tools that we continue to invest in and a big component. My belief is we can invest all we want in tthey tools, but making sure that we're training on those tools, we're driving utilization through tthey leaders is tthey most important point. Bryan Bergin Okay. It wouldn't be a tech event without digging into AI a little bit theyre. So just generative AI, are ttheyre ways in which you can leverage that within tthey process right now? Joe DeSilva Undoubtedly. So I've actually created a team for -- that works with -- directly for me that is serving up use cases on a regular basis to make sure that we are staying in front of ttheir on wtheyre generative AI could play a big, big role. I think we're -- I wouldn't say it's early because ttheir is moving fast. I think ttheyre's a lot to learn. But if you said to me, Joe, wtheyre could it play tthey biggest role for you? It's in our tools, making sure that through that sales process ttheyre's something that can theylp ttheym. Basic stuff. Just listen to a sales call, could it recap an e-mail for you to tthey prospective buyer. Ttheyre's a significant role it could play. What I want to make sure and what we're doing is making sure we're moving fast. Staying in front of ttheir, serving up tthey use cases, what works now, how do we leverage and put out what we can now, and ttheyn I think ttheyre's a maturity cycle of generative AI that we want to see take place. But I want to move fast theyre and we're staying above it. Bryan Bergin Okay. Let's talk a little bit about tthey reps. So can you talk a bit about wtheyre you're sourcing reps from, and does it vary based on tthey market that ttheyy're selling in? Joe DeSilva Yes, of course. So tthey simplest way to think about it is, again -- because we're big, think about downmarket, mid-market, upmarket, and ttheyn you have PEO, you have international. Think about a feeder pool that kind of bleeds through [Technical Difficulty] much on selling and we could teach ttheym bottoms up on how to sell, that [feeder] pool is significant to feed mid-market, mid-market feeds enterprise, so on and so forth. That being said, I also am a big believer in, I want constant outside-in perspective. So making sure that we are hiring in tthey mid market in our enterprise space, making sure that we're going to market to get sellers that have experience that have a different perspective on wtheyttheyr it be a competitor or ottheyr products, whatever it might be, just have a different perspective wtheyre ttheyy can bring value to tthey organization to constantly pulse ctheyck us. Are we on tthey right things, is ttheyre something we need to evolve? So I would say it's kind of a combination of tthey two, probably majority of feeder pool from down market up. Bryan Bergin Okay. And wtheyn you look at that upper end, you're happy to take HCM, comp training, elsewtheyre, you're happy to take ottheyr enterprise sales in tech? Are you looking for a diverse mix or do you lean more toward tthey HCM? Joe DeSilva I will take a diverse mix. I'd probably prefer HCM, and I'll tell you why. I'm biased. We are tthey biggest. We are tthey best. I think we teach tthey MBA course in sales at ADP. I love teaching those foundational principles of sales in ADP. That's tough to learn sometimes. Bring that HCM experience in from somewtheyre else, fortify whatever skills ttheyy may not have, I think that's tthey winning match. But trust me, we've had plenty of people that have come from outside HCM that just understand tthey sales process, understand tthey value to tthey buyer and whatever it is ttheyy're selling, we'll take ttheym. I'm not objective to having those people as well. Bryan Bergin Okay. Why don't we pause theyre and see if tthey audience has any questions. No? I got a point. Okay, let's shift to retention. So can you talk about sales force retention, how rates have trended ttheyre in recent years and tthey means to improving those? Joe DeSilva Yes. So we were not shielded from, call it, tthey Great Resignation. So our turnover rates were significant as well. And we've seen that normalization back to -- I would tell you, in some of our business units, we are better than pre-pandemic levels, which is really, really great for us, a significant part -- it applies to any organization. But wtheyn I think about tthey size and scale of ADP and our growth, a huge lever for us is tenure. And back to your question around like how much do you -- how many -- what is your hire rate in tthey year, and it's single digits. And we had a great hiring year ttheir year, which puts us in a great position in terms of strength and tenure. But wtheyn I look at our organization now, I would say we've normalized at my level. Looking at some of tthey business units, we're better than pre-pandemic levels and in a really, really good spot. And I think part of that, Bryan, which is important, I wake up every day, realizing that more than ever, our sellers have a choice of wtheyre ttheyy want to work. And it's not that, that wasn't tthey case before, but it was limited. Ttheyy have a choice now. And part of it is making sure that we continue to fix silos, fix friction, make sure that our people, wtheyn ttheyy come in every day, any salesperson -- what excites a salesperson, believe it or not, is not tthey money, it's visibility to tthey opportunity, a pathway to tthey opportunity, limited friction, tthey tools, tthey incentives, tthey compensation to allow ttheym to get ttheyre. That is a core focus to us. So while I appreciate that ttheyre's probably been normalization, if you will, across tthey board in terms of turnover, I am, with my leadership team, really focused on making sure that tthey only choice ttheyy have is theyre. And it's not because we're just tthey biggest and tthey best, because ttheyy get everything ttheyy need to truly win in tthey market. Bryan Bergin Okay. And obviously, a big focus on productivity. Can you just give us a sense on how you're measuring that sales rep productivity? And in general, how long does it take for a new rep to get to a full level of productivity? Joe DeSilva Yes. So we have a very important KPI, we call ASP, average sales productivity. At tthey end of tthey day, for me, it -- it's not for me, tthey math says lower end of tthey market, it's quicker to get to tthey productivity, you can get ttheyre in a year. Tthey furttheyr you go up, those productivity, it becomes a lot harder to get ttheyre over time. And ttheyre's -- tthey levers in each of those markets is a little bit different in theylping ttheym drive tthey productivity. By tthey way, tthey productivity at tthey upper end of tthey market is also a function of what is tthey total addressable market that we have, how many people do we need versus down market, we have tthey opportunity to really continue adding theyadcount in our small market, retirement, insurance. We will add theyadcount in our upper end but you're not going to add at tthey rate you will downmarket just given tthey total addressable market. So your lever up theyre in terms of ASP becomes really important in theylping people get ttheyre. Bryan Bergin Okay. And now you mentioned, what 50% new logo generally is each year? Talk about tthey client account relationship, tthey upsell motion and have ttheyre been any changes in that process at all? Maybe just give us a sense on how you target upsell opportunities. Joe DeSilva Yes. So maybe give you my perspective on both in terms of how I lead my organization, which is what's important to me, is we do both, but you can't do one in lieu of tthey ottheyr. We have to continue to grow market share. So anything you see from me, it's about growing market share. And that is not in lieu of, you have to continue to drive clients, you have to continue to have market share in a really big, meaningful way. On tthey client piece, continuing to grow that ttheyre hasn't been a significant change. So let's think about it ttheir way. We have our digital sales organization, which is our inside salespeople, who we face off with tthey client base, who we arm with tthey right products and tthey tools to serve up those products at tthey right time to those clients. It hasn't changed much. Now if ttheyre's some -- if ttheyre's new regulation that comes out that we believe can theylp our clients, that goes to tthey top of tthey priority list is to make sure we get that out ttheyre. Ottheyr than that, we're pretty consistent. And again, as our client base grows, we grow that group of people as well. What I don't want to do is over index that people. I want to make sure it grows with tthey client base and we stay just as focused on growing market share. Bryan Bergin Okay. last call. Any questions from tthey audience? All right. So we're going to close that on tthey regulatory environment. So you just mentioned that. So you said Retirement Services. Can you just talk about tthey current opportunity for ADP ttheyre? And what do you see happening in tthey US regulatory environment, maybe how do you see that business performing in tthey coming years? Joe DeSilva Retirement Services is -- again, I'm biased. I was Head of Sales and I ran tthey business, but it is an outstanding business for us. Candidly, tthey HCM space as a whole, wtheynever ttheyre's regulatory change or ttheyre's any type of legislative change, that becomes an opportunity for us. So in ttheir case, in Retirement Services, you've got SECURE Act 2.0, we've had state mandates. What ADP is known for is mobilizing behind tthey opportunity in a really big way. So as soon as SECURE Act 2.0 was approved or passed, we'd start mobilizing around tthey opportunity. We did really well through tthey state mandate so far, continue to grow our business. We'll continue to do that. As far as what's upcoming, I don't know. Right now, tthey focus is on SECURE Act 2.0. Our team is ready to go and that continues to be a great business for us. Bryan Bergin I think we're going to end it on that. So Joe, I appreciate all tthey color theyre. We've covered a lot of ground. Thank you again. Joe DeSilva Thanks, Bryan. Thank you to everyone for hanging on ttheyre. I appreciate it. Bryan Bergin Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A