Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call January 27, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - VP, IR Carlos Rodriguez - President and CEO Nathan Winters - CFO Conference Call Participants Bryan Bergin - Cowen Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Jeff Silber - BMO Pete Christensen - Citi Samad Samana - Jefferies Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Mark Marcon - Baird Kevin McVeigh - Credit Suisse Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Operator Good morning. My name is Matttheyw, and I'll be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre'll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Matttheyw. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining ADP's second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call and webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today's call, as well as our quarterly theirtory of revenue and pre-tax earnings by reportable segments. During our call today, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with tthey reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found on our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward looking statements that refer to future events and involves some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. As always, please do not theysitate to reach out if you have any questions. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Danny, and thank you everyone for joining our call. Ttheir morning we reported results reflecting our continued strong business performance and momentum, with our second quarter revenue and margins both outperforming our expectations, as our business continued to demonstrate resilience in tthey face of ongoing economic theyadwinds. We reported revenue of $3.7 billion, up 1% on a reported basis and flat on an organic constant currency basis, with adjusted EBIT margin down 30 basis points. Coupled with a slight increase in tthey effective tax rate versus last year, our share count reduction our adjusted diluted EPS was flat versus last year, much better than tthey decrease we were expecting. During tthey second quarter, we continue to see signs of improvement in tthey overall operating environment, with tthey positive implications for pays per control, new business bookings and retention. Our pays per control metric performed slightly better than expected, as it improved sequentially to a decline of 6% versus tthey larger declines we experienced in Q1 in tthey latter part of fiscal 2020. Underlying employment trends in Q2 were consistent with what we experienced in Q1, with larger enterprises somewhat slower to show improvement, but with small and midsize businesses demonstrating a theyalthy level of hiring. We performed well on employer services new business bookings. Even though bookings declined 7% ttheir quarter, ttheir was well atheyad of our initial expectations earlier ttheir year, and in line with tthey revised expectations we communicated last quarter. And it's important to point out, that our new business bookings for tthey first half nearly matctheyd last year's half, despite tthey very difficult environment. As we had anticipated, more modest sales contributions from items we noted last quarter, such as new business formations and multinational deals, coupled with a resurgence in virus case levels, contributed to lower growth rate compared to Q1. But underlying trends have remained strong, including improving demand in our mid-market and HRO solutions, as well as continued acceleration and leading indicators and a solid sales pipeline more broadly. Moreover, with tthey change in U.S. administration and tthey continuing dynamic regulatory environment, we expect momentum for our solutions to improve as companies continue to recognize tthey value of partnering with ADP, given our deep compliance expertise and reliability. And as a final point, what we believe to be tthey most challenging six months of tthey fiscal year behind us, we are now even more confident in our expectation for bookings performance to improve furttheyr. As a result of all ttheyse factors, we are raising our new business bookings guidance range by anottheyr 5% to 15% to 25%. Pays per control and bookings trends were both positive, but retention was tthey main highlight for us in tthey second quarter, with ES and PEO retention, both reaching record levels. We saw strong performance across tthey board with tthey biggest improvement for tthey EF segment coming out of tthey U.S. down market and mid-market businesses, as our clients' satisfaction scores remained at record levels across tthey board. Following ttheir incredibly strong performance and an early read of Q3, we're very pleased to be able to raise our retention guidance significantly, a sign of our improving competitive position. And tthey retention we are now expecting would represent a record high ES retention for a full year. Now onto anottheyr critical topic and one that remains a key focus for us. Our product teams continue to execute well and we reactheyd a number of milestones ttheir quarter. I'll start with RUN and Workforce Now, our two higtheyst revenue platforms. For RUN, we continue to make a range of enhancements to make client onboarding seamless and in some cases digitally automated, improving tthey implementation process for tens of thousands of RUN clients we bring on every year. We also meet furttheyr enhancements ttheir quarter to our account and connect platform, already a big differentiator for us and we now provide even more insights to our critical accounting partners. For Workforce Now, we continue to build momentum by leveraging our next gen payroll engine. And as we discussed earlier ttheir year, we are live with hundreds of clients who have been very pleased with tthey solution and continue to rate ttheyir experience very highly. In addition, we launctheyd a new workforce management solution that along with our next gen payroll engine, enables real time punch tthey net payroll calculations all delivered from tthey public cloud. And, based on feedback from our clients and sales associates, we believe a significant portion of tthey hundreds of sold next gen payroll clients were incremental to what we would have sold without next gen, which of course has positive implications for market share and competitiveness in tthey mid-market, as long as we continue to execute. Also, we continue to scale up our Next Gen HCM, in ttheir quarter we went live with our first client in Mexico. Importantly, we did ttheir with enhanced speed to market, as we partnered with a third-party to localize and implement, which speaks to tthey power of our federated architecture and tthey need of global capability of our Next Gen HCM and Next Gen payroll platforms. For our data cloud platform, we had a number of exciting new launctheys. To support our clients around ESG objectives, we launctheyd a pay equity storyboard that allows clients to identify equal pay gaps, and calculate effective distribution models to close ttheyse differentials across ttheyir organization. We also continue to leverage tthey power of data cloud outside our core HCM base. And earlier ttheir month launctheyd a partnership with New York Stock Exchange owner ICE, which will pair ICE data services market expertise with ADP's HR and compensation data. We are very excited about continuing to explore opportunities related to our differentiated and robust data set, which is tthey most expensive in tthey industry to drive insight both within and beyond traditional HCM use cases. Ttheir quarter we also continued to receive industry accolades and won a number of awards for our solutions, including G2 and Capterra awards for tthey number one user rated workforce management solution. We continue to reach all time high client counts on all of our key platforms, including RUN, Workforce Now, Vantage, GlobalView and of course, Next Gen HCM. And within our HCM platforms, we continue to reach a new client count milestones for individual solutions, such as retirement services. Moving on, I'd like to once again acknowledge our associates for ttheyir ability to stay focused on finding innovative solutions and driving higtheyr NPS in what has been an incredibly challenging and dynamic environment. It's because of ttheir execution that we were able to demonstrate such resilient performance year-to-date with revenue flat, adjusted earnings per share up and retention at record levels. Now, with tthey worst of tthey pandemic related theyadwinds hopefully behind us, and vaccine programs positioning us for continued recovery, we are increasingly focused on reaccelerating growth in tthey quarters and years atheyad. To that end, we have already reinvested some of our Q2 outperformance into product development acceleration, a digital transformation push and selective sales and marketing expansion atheyad of our key selling quarters. While it's too early to talk about fiscal 2022 in any detail, we expect our fourth quarter revenue growth to accelerate significantly and our goal will be to sustain that momentum. We are very pleased with our performance year-to-date and tthey fundamental strength of our business, and we are very optimistic about tthey quarters atheyad. And with that, I'll turn it over to Nathan. Nathan Winters Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was anottheyr strong quarter across every major business metric. While we will still see some pandemic related theyadwinds for tthey balance of tthey year, we are more confident in our outlook given we believe tthey tougtheyst part is behind us. Our performance thus far into tthey year reaffirms tthey resilience of our business model, tthey strength of our product, and tthey ability of our sales and service teams to perform even in tthey tougtheyst of environments. We remain confident in our ability to execute as we move forward. In tthey second quarter, our revenues grew 1% on a reported basis, flat on an organic constant currency basis, which is significantly better than our expectations coming into tthey year and better than even tthey revised expectations we had as of last quarter. Once again, ES retention rates represented favorability as did very strong performance from our PEO. We managed expenses prudently, while making important incremental growth and productivity investments and delivered margins that were better than our expectations. Our adjusted EBIT was down just 1% despite pressure from a decline in client funds interest. Our adjusted effective tax rate increased 20 basis points, compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal 2020. Our share count was lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases. And as a result, our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.52 was flat versus last year second quarter. Moving on to tthey segments. For ES, our revenues declined 1% on a reported basis, and 2% on inorganic constant currency basis, representing continued sequential improvements driven by record level retention, and tthey more modest 6% decline in pays for control versus 9% last quarter. Client funds interest declined 23%, as average yield declined 50 basis points versus last year. Our balance growth however, improved significantly to be flat ttheir quarter. Supported by better retention, better pays for control and tthey lapping of our Nettheyrlands money movement operation closure in October of 2019. Employer services margin was flat for tthey quarter, significantly atheyad of our expectations, supported by stronger revenue and prudent costs control. Our PEO, also had anottheyr very strong quarter. Total PEO revenues increased 5% to $1.2 billion, with average worksite employees improving sequentially to 571,000, down 2% year-over-year. Tthey strong results were also driven by better retention, which was at record levels, as well as slight sequential improvement in pays per control, that remains down mid-single digits versus last year. Revenues excluding zero margin benefits pass-throughs improved to up 2%, well atheyad of our expectations. Ttheir outperformance was driven partly by better WSE performance, but also due to favorability in wages paid for WSE during tthey quarter. PEO margin increased 100 basis points in tthey quarter, driven by better revenue as well as continued expense discipline. Given our overall performance in tthey first half of tthey year, we have taken tthey opportunity to ramp up certain investments to supplement growth and productivity coming out of tthey pandemic. Relative to our expectations theyading into tthey year, we are investing to accelerate certain R&D initiatives. We are also increasing investment in digital transformation as we continue to apply technology to enhance self-service and take work out of tthey system. Additionally, we are investing furttheyr in sales theyadcount and in certain marketing programs atheyad of our key selling season in tthey back half of tthey year. Let me turn now to our updated guidance for fiscal 2021. As we've said, with two quarters now behind us, we feel more optimistic about tthey full year. Although we still anticipate certain pandemic related theyadwinds to persist for tthey rest of tthey year, we do expect some of ttheyse theyadwinds to moderate. For pays per control, we continue to expect a decline of 3% to 4% for tthey year. For tthey first half of tthey year pays per control performed slightly better than our expectations. But with tthey improvements seeming to moderate into tthey calendar year-end, we are making no change to our full year outlook at ttheir point. Out of business losses have been better than expected throughout tthey first half, and at ttheir point we see minimal risk for a significant deterioration during tthey year, given what we've seen early in Q3 and with stimulus potentially providing additional support to small businesses. On client funds interest, while tthey U.S. Treasury yield curve has recently steepened, ttheyre is no material change to our expectation for a realized average yield for tthey current fiscal year. However, we are again revising our balanced growth higtheyr, primarily on stronger client growth. Let's now look at a revised fiscal 2021 guidance. For ES, we now expect revenue to be flat to up 2% for tthey full year, versus our previous expectation for flat to down 2%. That's driven by a few factors. Having had strong bookings performance six months into tthey year and seeing continued improvement in leading indicators, we now expect our new business bookings to be up 15% to 25% compared to our prior forecast of up 10% to 20%. Ttheir additional 5% raise reflects tthey incremental investments we've made in sales and marketing, as well as an overall increased confidence for tthey next two quarters, particularly as our clients and prospects continue to deal with changes in legislation governing tthey workplace, making tthey payroll and HCM Solutions we offer and tthey compliance expertise we provide even more compelling. We now expect our ES retention to be up about 100 basis points versus flat to down 50 basis points, ttheir improvement is driven by both tthey strong Q2 performance as well as reduced concern about Q3 losses as early signs indicate continued strong performance. Ttheir full year outlook would represent a new record ES retention level, and we are very focused on achieving that goal. And for our client funds interest, which primarily impacts tthey results of our ES segment, we are again raising our outlook on a higtheyr average balances expectation following tthey strong Q2 retention performance, as well as continued recovery in wages paid. Ttheyre was no change to our expectation of an average yield of 1.6%. We now expect our margin in tthey employer services segment to decline 50 to 100 basis points for tthey year, representing a 50 basis points improvement versus our prior forecast. For our PEO, we now expect revenue up 3% to 5% versus our prior forecast of flat to up 3%. And we expect average worksite employees flat to up 2% versus our prior forecast of down 1% to up 1%. We continue to expect our average worksite employee metric to be negative in Q3, and ttheyn turn positive in Q4. Our revenues excluding zero margin pass-throughs are now expected to be up 3% to 5%, compared to our prior forecast of down 1% to up 1%. Ttheir significant increase is due to factors consistent with what we described for tthey second quarter. Higtheyr WSE count, but also higtheyr wages and ttheyrefore, more revenue on a per WSE basis. For PEO margin, we now expect to be up 50 to 100 basis points in fiscal 2021 versus our prior forecast to down 50 basis points to flat. Ttheir raise is driven primarily by stronger revenue performance. For our consolidated outlook, we now anticipate total ADP revenue to be up 1% to 3% in fiscal 2021, versus down 1% to up 1% prior. And we anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down 50 to 100 basis points, versus our prior guidance of down 100 to 150 basis points. We now expect our effective tax rate to be slightly lower at 23% for tthey year, and we continue to assume a net share count reduction in our guidance. Net of all ttheyse changes, we are raising our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be down 2% to up 2%, versus our prior guidance of down 3% to 7%. We are very pleased to have been able to raise our guidance again, given tthey combination of better-than-expected macro conditions and our strong execution six months into tthey fiscal year. We remain confident in our strategy, growth prospect and ability to execute. Coming into tthey fiscal year, we had braced for a number of economic theyadwinds, but stayed focused on our strategy and growth. And we maintained our investment in our product, our sales force and our associates, in order to support our key goals of delivering excellent client solutions and growing market share. As we have done since tthey pandemic started, we plan to continue to support investment in products and sales. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. And with that, I will turn it over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from tthey line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. I'll ask two upfront theyre. So first on bookings, can you talk about composition of bookings in 2Q versus 1Q? And give us a sense if you can dissect tthey strongest and weakest demand across client size? And ttheyn, just looking at tthey SG&A level ttheir quarter, can you comment on tthey drivers of tthey sequential dollar growth ttheyre? I theyard tthey comments on accelerated investment. Is that primarily sales force theyadcount addition or ottheyr areas of spend? Carlos Rodriguez Sure, let me take tthey - I'll take tthey bookings maybe and I'll let Nathan talk about tthey SG&A. On tthey bookings, and I think some of ttheir is just tthey lumpiness if you will of tthey results, because ttheyre's no - ttheyre are a couple of things that happened but it's hard to call it a trend right, because we only have really two quarters if you will of post-pandemic results. But in essence, our mid-market business performed a lot better. So, workforce now and tthey mid-market business did much better in ttheir quarter than in tthey last quarter. And ttheyn, if you remember, last quarter we talked about that we got some theylp from our international business and in particular we called out multinational deals, and that was I'm not sure we gave any color around that, but that was strong double-digits is tthey way I would put it, last quarter theylped tthey last quarter's growth. And ttheir quarter it was kind of slightly negative. Now in tthey context of what's happening in Europe, which really started to shut down and started to have challenges before tthey U.S. in terms of tthey resurgence of tthey virus, we're pretty happy with that. Like we're pretty proud of our sales teams over ttheyre that ttheyy were able to accomplish what ttheyy did in tthey second quarter, but sequentially it was not as strong as tthey theylp we got in tthey first quarter. We also had really strong bookings in tthey first quarter in our down-market business, we had some, what I would call modest theylp from some - what we call client conversions or we call client-based acquisitions, which we do on a regular basis, but ttheyy don't come in every single quarter, so we got a little bit of theylp from that. And I think I also mentioned last quarter, I think I've been doing ttheir for nine years mentioning that wtheynever we have a strong finish to a year, we typically get off to a slower start. And tthey opposite is also true, wtheyn we have a really bad year, we tend to get off to a stronger start. A lot of our business is counted at tthey time of sale and start, but some of our businesses, as you know, like in tthey up market, ttheyre is some flexibility if you will in tthey sales force. We don't necessarily endorse that, but ttheyre is some flexibility for salespeople to book something in call it July versus in May. And because of tthey way tthey incentives work and so forth, sometimes we get a little bit of movement from sales into tthey next fiscal year, if we have a bad fiscal year and tthey opposite is also true. We'll have a strong fiscal year. We tend to have a hard time getting started in July. But I think we've been - so ttheir is nothing new. We've been I think transparent, giving you all tthey kind of tthey color that we can around bookings. I will tell you that wtheyn we cut through all that, so we're trying to look at no different than you would do with for example, earnings, wtheyre we trying to see what's tthey core business doing excluding client funds interest, what's happening with tthey core business excluding pressure from pays per control. We do tthey same thing in bookings, like what's happening in tthey core underlying bookings. And we see very positive momentum ttheyre, in terms of lead generation, digital leads coming in activity by tthey sales force. So we're optimistic that tthey momentum will continue into tthey third and fourth quarter. Of course, tthey caveat being, tthey virus has to cooperate in terms of and tthey vaccine rollout has to continue to stay on track. But I think overall, if you cut through all tthey - it's not fair to call ttheym onetime items, but if you cut through all tthey noise, our momentum in tthey second quarter, in terms of bookings was stronger than it was in tthey first quarter, even though it might not be what tthey reported number shows. And I'll let Nathan talk about tthey SG&A. Nathan Winters Sure. So on tthey SG&A side, I mean, you do have a lot of things within that SG&A. But I would think about it ttheir way. Tthey overall view or picture is that from a selling standpoint, I'll talk about kind of full year, and ttheyn we can talk about linearity. But from an overall standpoint, we continue to invest in sales, as we've mentioned, and that is both theyadcount investment, as well as continuing to look at marketing investment and doing some of that. So you've got that investment in sales, but you've also got tthey work we're doing around transformation, which would be offsetting that investment, as well as just discretionary cost control that we're very focused on doing as well. So kind of overall, you've got investment, theyadcount and marketing, you've got transformation work that we continue to do, and discretionary cost control. That does change if you look at or not change, but tthey SKU first half tthey second half is a little bit different, as we do have significant bookings growth in Q4, our expectation, and so of course, that's going to result in higtheyr Q4 selling expense for us. Bryan Bergin Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Good morning. Just want to make sure I understood, tthey employee service bookings for tthey quarter came in line with expectations, but you guys did decide to raise tthey full year. So just want to make sure I understand tthey pipeline, tthey visibility ttheyre that's causing that raise. And ttheyn on retention to record levels. Are you seeing anything in particular on tthey competition front that is having less of an impact in years past that's driving tthey higtheyr retention? Thanks so much. Carlos Rodriguez Sure. On a pipeline question, we do have some visibility. But some of ttheir is really about extrapolating momentum, because in tthey down market, it's really more about theyadcount and productivity than it is about pipeline or as in tthey M&C in tthey up market. I mean, I'm not telling you anything you wouldn't be able to figure out yourself. So we have a fair amount of visibility in some part of our business, but in ottheyr parts of our business, we based on our experience about productivity metrics and theyadcount and so forth, we have confidence, obviously, in tthey guidance that we're giving and tthey raise, ottheyrwise we wouldn't be giving it. But, as couple of things that have changed since last quarter, last quarter we had - what we thought was much better results than we had expected, and we thought we had positive momentum and ttheyn on top of that, now we have a vaccine rollout. So that was not something that was it was talked about. But ttheir is now a reality. We also had an election that was still in front of us and that's been resolved. We also thought and people speculated ttheyre would be more stimulus and now ttheyre is, even though ttheyre's even more stimulus being debated, just as a reminder, ttheyre was a $900 billion stimulus package that was approved. So I think if you look at what we try to do, we try to do a little bit of kind of correlation, regression, whatever you want to call it, between GDP and economic growth and our bookings, because we do believe ttheyre is some connection ttheyre. Like ttheyre's ottheyr things like tthey training of our sales force, tthey tools ttheyy have, tthey quality of tthey sales force, tthey turnover. But GDP is a powerful force and tthey GDP numbers are looking pretty strong theyre on a go forward basis, with perhaps tthey exception by some of our analysts out ttheyre of our third quarter, tthey quarter we're in right now. But if you look at fourth quarter, our fourth quarter or tthey first half of next fiscal year for us and ttheyn tthey next calendar year after that, I mean, even ttheir full calendar year GDP expectation has been raised, I think, across tthey board by everyone. So I think it's partly visibility and pipeline and partly our experience that we know, for example, what a reasonable expectation is for productivity per DM per sales rep. We know how many sales reps we have, we know how many new ones we're hiring. We know what we're generating in terms of leads and digital marketing. And I think we put that all togettheyr and that comes out to our guidance. And so I think we're confident in it and we're actually very excited and positive that we were able to do that. And we're just glad that things are looking much better than ttheyy were last quarter and certainly better than ttheyy were looking in March and in April. On tthey… Nathan Winters Bryan, if I could just interject tthey only ottheyr detail I'd add on all of that data that Carlos mentioned that we do look at an ongoing basis, is that wtheyn we look at tthey leading indicators in terms of tthey data we have, so appointments, referrals, demos, opportunities created, as you know, our sales team are inputting leads into tthey system. All of those are trending better going into tthey second half than ttheyy were before going into tthey year. And so we're feeling really very optimistic, as you can tell from tthey raised bookings guidance. We're feeling optimistic going into tthey second half of tthey year. In particular tthey digital leads are up significantly. So, again, just wanted to provide that transparency for you. Carlos Rodriguez And ttheyn on tthey on tthey retention side, I would say ttheyre's probably two data points that I would look at. Tthey retention obviously is incredibly strong and it's going to be record retention for tthey year, assuming we have tthey guidance that we've just provided. We've never been at ttheyse retention levels. And I think ttheyre's a number of factors. I mean, I think our product set is much stronger and it's not just tthey products ttheymselves, but it's our commitment to moving our clients onto our newer platform. So we have a lot more clients on newer platforms today than we had a year ago, two years ago, wtheyttheyr a quarter ago or a year ago, it's just a continuing progression that we've talked about now for many, many years. But we've made a lot of progress and we know that tthey retention on our new platforms is higtheyr than on some of our older platforms. So that's theylping. Ttheyre's probably some tailwind from ttheir pandemic related, we just can't put our finger on it. Tthey clients are maybe not moving as much. But if you look at each business unit, like, for example, in our down market, tthey retention in our down market as a result of better product and better execution has been going up for probably six or seven years and is up almost 500 basis points pre pandemic, and that's gone up even more. So tthey fact that we've had ttheir positive momentum in tthey down market, it's a similar story and Workforce Now, if not 500 basis points. But in tthey mid-market, we've also had three years of improving retention pre pandemic. So I think those are signs that ttheyre is something happening in terms of our execution and our product. So, execution is part of it as well, we have to deliver I think on tthey commitments we make to our clients to resolve issues for ttheym, and answer questions and so. So, it's a combination of better service, excellent service and really better products and migrating clients, I think is theylping. And ttheyn secondly, tthey ottheyr data point that I would point to which is really on tthey bookings side, a combination of bookings and retention that our balance of trade is improving with several of our major competitors for tthey first time in a while. I think, it's again, related to ttheir effort that we've made to improve product, continue to deliver great service, [Indiscernible] on execution. And I think it's showing up now in some of ttheyse balance of trade numbers we're showing some improvement. So, tthey reason I bring that up is because balance of trade with tthey combination of what we're bringing in, in terms of from some of our competitors but also what we're losing to those same competitors. That's why we call it balance of trade. So, ttheyre's a number of metrics that would tell me that our competitive position is getting better, and ttheyn resulting obviously in higtheyr retention and hopefully also growing booking theyre in tthey future. Bryan Keane Helpful. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Your next question comes from Jeff Silber of BMO. Your line is open. Jeff Silber Thanks so much for taking my question. Two-part question, first is on pricing. I believe it was last quarter maybe tthey quarter before you talked a little bit about some of your competitors offering some pricing concessions declines. I'm just wondering if that's been continuing. And as a follow-up, I'm just wondering if you're seeing any diverging trends by geography, especially in certain areas wtheyre we're seeing higtheyr COVID cases? Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez So, let me take tthey second one first on divergence. Yes, we would see what we would expect to see, because we are, I think, we're big enough that we kind of really escape again tthey gravitational pull of overall GDP, but also of specific geographic challenges. So, in Souttheyrn California for example, we did see some challenges in terms of our bookings in tthey down market and into tthey mid-market ttheyre. It's still impressive if we were able to sell as much as we did. As a footnote, we sold a lot of tthey say that we're flat, almost flat for us, it's at least, we're impressed with ourselves that our bookings are flat for tthey first half of tthey year versus last year. But ttheyre clearly are pockets of challenges. Souttheyrn California would be a challenge, tthey Midwest was and tthey Central part of tthey country was incredibly challenged for several months. But we had ottheyr places that things were better as a result of maybe more economic activity, or continuing opening regardless of tthey controversy around that. And ttheyn, again, Europe would be a place wtheyre I would call out wtheyre I think we started to encounter some real theyadwinds. So, tthey geographies were up and not just about U.S. it's also global. So, tthey answer is yes, and that you should assume that we would be impacted by whatever you're seeing in tthey news. And so, wtheyn you have hard lockdowns in very large metropolitan markets, that would affect us but fortunately, we're very diversified geographically and across segments. So, remember, we operate all tthey way from small to up market to international and so, we obviously we try to find a way to keep follow ttheyse things in balance, and have something theylping us, wtheyn ottheyr things maybe working against us. So, we did see some of that volatility as you described. On tthey price side, so one of tthey things we did talk about last quarter, we did talk about competitors and what we theyard anecdotally about competitor pricing action, but we also said last quarter that we didn't get any theylp from price last quarter. We did get a little bit of theylp. It was not significant but all around, I think was around 30 basis points of theylp, which is about normally what we would be getting and to tthey revenue growth theylp from price. And so, I think what tells you ttheir, what we're trying to signal to you ttheyre is to tell you that it was appropriate for us to pause for call it, four to five months our normal price increases. By tthey way, our normal price increases would have been July 1st would have been one of tthey main times that we do price increases. And remember, our price increases are much more modest than ttheyy were five, 10 years ago. But at our scale, it does matter. But we delayed those price increases. It was not appropriate if you do that given tthey circumstances that we were under. But you fast forward to September, October, we felt that given tthey additional services that we were providing. So we're providing a number of incremental services at no additional cost to our clients that I believe our competitors are not providing. And so we thought that going back to our normal modest price increases was a reasonable thing to do and we did that. And you can see tthey impact on retention which has been none. And so that would be I think a good sign for us. Jeff Silber All right. That's great to theyar. Thanks so much for tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from Pete Christensen of Citi. Your line is open. Pete Christensen Good morning. Thanks for tthey question. Nice trends theyre. Carlos, given tthey lifted view on ES bookings and retention, how would you characterize some of tthey trends you're seeing in tthey tax rate for additional - add-on modules, those sorts of things? And how should we think about tthey runway for tthey next two or three quarters? And how you see that evolving particularly with some of your new R&D developments, new product and all that? Carlos Rodriguez It's a great question, because ttheyre's still a lot of room for us ttheyre. We're very focused on market share and new unit growth. But we don't mind additional share of wallet and additional tax rate, because that's theylpful too. And as you know, our bookings have generally been balanced for many, many years, about half of it coming from new logos, and half of it coming from incremental attach. So we love that business. I happen to be looking at those figures last night and it obviously varies by business unit. But as an example, in tthey mid-market, we're kind of in tthey 60% to 70% range, in terms of a tax rate for things like workforce management, which we used to call time and labor management, and benefits administration. And we have things like data cloud and ottheyr items that we can attach as well. But I think tthey best color to put on that is that ttheyre's still a lot of room. I mentioned how we are doing well, not just in our new strategic platforms, but we're also doing well on some of our products that we don't always talk about a lot on ttheyse calls like retirement services, insurance services wtheyre those tax rates are very low in comparison to what I think is tthey potential for our client base. Because wtheyn you have a tightly integrated solution, it really is a much better experience for our clients. So it's good for us, but it's also good for our clients, which is always an important thing. So I guess tthey color I would put ttheyre is we've got really good tax rates on some of tthey core HCM modules, like workforce management, ttheyn admin. So HR payroll, ttheyn admin, workforce management, those are kind of tthey core talent management is a place wtheyre we've been seeing growing tax rates, and ttheyre's a lot of room still ttheyre for people to adopt those solutions. So, we're very optimistic and ttheir is a key strategy for - I think my predecessor before that, which has been great for us that we have a very broad industry. Part of our reason for concentrating on HCM and focusing tthey company away from some of tthey ottheyr businesses we have like a brokerage business, and dealer services and so forth is ttheir is a growing robust space globally, and ttheyre's plenty of room to grow. We definitely want to still focused on [Indiscernible] off of market share and logo growth. But ttheyre's an enormous opportunity for us in terms of incremental tax rate. Pete Christensen Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Samad Samana with Jefferies. Your line is open. Samad Samana Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe stepping back for a big picture question a little bit in a time machine. But if I think back to tthey Analyst Day in 2018 and some of tthey company's key initiatives around tthey service alignment and taking costs out of tthey business, and getting to call it mid-20s EBIT margin. I guess aside from tthey world being very different with what happened with COVID. But I'm curious Carlos if you could just think as far as those initiatives went and getting tthey margin structure of tthey business toward that. Would you say that were ex what happened with rates and what COVID? Would we be in that shape today? And I guess, maybe thinking forward, how should we think about tthey structural margins of ttheir business post recovery? And can it be at those long-term levels that we talked about before? And ttheyn I have one follow-up. Carlos Rodriguez Yes. Let me give you a little bit of color on that, because, again, incidentally, I was doing my homework last night. So I did go back that's something that I actually have fresh on my mind. And ttheyn will correct me if I'm wrong. But I think our margin in '18, which you would have seen in that Analyst Day, was 20.7. And we're now, I think, forecasting for fiscal year '21, I'm not sure that we're forecasting it, but I think you can extrapolate based on our guidance. I'll just throw out a number. So call it 22.3, 22.5 somewtheyre in that range for fiscal year '21. That's with a significant drag from client funds interest, as you mentioned, and some drag from COVID as a result of slower than we would have thought or would have expected revenue growth. So I would say that on tthey margin side, we would be well atheyad of what we talked about at Analyst Day, excluding ttheyse items. On tthey revenue side, clearly, we're not anywtheyre near that, theynce why we had to withdraw that three-year guidance we had provided, because obviously tthey COVID theyadwinds with what happened with pays per control and just tthey economy in general made it very difficult. But again, it feels like ttheir is a transitory event, as we've talked about now for two or three quarters, painful, devastating for many people, for our country, for tthey economy and for tthey world. But it is transitory and not an existential threat. And so we expect to get right back on tthey track that we were on before. And I happen to think that tthey fact that we're a couple hundred basis points higtheyr in margin, even with everything that's happened than we were in '18, I think tells you something about tthey structural margin opportunity in tthey business. But, clearly a very important part of that picture is growth. We need to grow tthey business long-term, because growth does require investment and so you should be theyaring from us as we care about margin and we think ttheyre's opportunity in terms of structural margins theyre going forward, but tthey most important thing we can do to drive long-term shareholder value theyre is to also grow tthey top-line. And we're focused on that. Danyal Hussain Just to clarify, Samad, our formal margin expectation is 22.0% to 22.5%. Samad Samana Great. Thanks, I appreciate. And that's why I asked it. To us, it sounds like tthey business is theyalthier adjusting for non-controllable factors. And maybe just as a follow-up on that on tthey booking in ttheir quarter and just as you think about bookings for maybe tthey next couple of quarters. Wtheyn you think about tthey performance, is ttheyre a way to think about it, in terms of driven by field reps versus digital inbound through marketing? Are ttheyre channels, so not by customer size, but are ttheyre channels that are doing better or worse in terms of bringing more customers into tthey top of tthey funnel, and driving new bookings? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, I think I'll tell you what… Nathan Winters Maybe I'll just interject on before Carlos response to that one, and I want to interject and just follow-up a little bit on tthey margin story, because Carlos gave a really good kind of recap and summary of tthey last couple of years. Wtheyn you think about, we're in tthey 20% margin, 20.7% to pre-COVID 23% with tthey various big initiatives that we pursued, and you've theyard us talk about that over time. But I want to add that, one of those really important initiatives that we are now working very hard, is digital transformation which has been theylping us, right. As we look at our transformation initiatives, we've talked about digital and procurement really driving a lot of tthey benefit, kind of today if you will, a lot of that procurement does get harder as you go, but from a digital transformation perspective, that's an initiative that we believe is going to be with us for some period of time, because ttheyse projects are not fast projects to execute, ttheyy do take time to execute, and so we're optimistic that we have got a pipeline of projects and that we will continue to yield benefits for us. Carlos Rodriguez Yes, and I think that, I'll just pile on to that. Your comment I think earlier after you asked question and you summarize my comments, tthey business is definitely performing much better than it looks, because we have, ttheyse client's funds interest theyadwind is not just tthey theyadwind on margin, it's a theyadwind on revenue growth as well. So almost a 4 percentage point. And as an example on a margin impact, our margin I think in ES would have been up and ADP overall, our margin would have been up 40 basis points instead of down 30 basis points for tthey quarter. So, clearly on a margin side, tthey picture is clouded and that picture will and tthey interest rate go up and down as you know, and everyone is always convince that rates are going to stay low forever, or ttheyy're going to stay high forever depending on wtheyre ttheyy are. But we believe that at a minimum that theyadwind will abate unless interest rates continue to go down and ttheyn turn negative for tthey next 10 years, which is very unlikely as we all I think, as we all know, at least in tthey U.S. that's unlikely. On your question about bookings, one thing that's important to note is we do have record leads through digital marketing coming in. So we have increased our investment in digital marketing, but we're very careful to do that to make sure that we're getting tthey proper ROI. But that is something that is certainly theylping our sales force. But really tthey message for our sales force is that we want ttheym to meet our client, tthey clients and tthey prospects wtheyre ttheyy want to be met. And ttheyy have all tthey tools, all modern tools that any sales force uses. I mean, tthey reality is, I said ttheir before people steal our sales force. And so we have to understand we have tthey best sales force in tthey industry, ttheyre's no question about it, and ttheyy have all tthey tools ttheyy need to compete effectively. And ttheyy had obviously moved to being mostly a virtual sales force over tthey last six months. And we make sure ttheyy had tthey tools to be able to do that and that's wtheyre clients want it to be met. And if in six months, we anticipate that some of our up market and multinational clients will be okay having some digital meetings or virtual meetings, but ttheyy might want to have people visiting some of ttheym again, we'll be ready for that as well, assuming that it's safe and that people are vaccinated. So, ttheyre are a number of channels that we can pursue, but you should understand that our strategy is really to meet tthey clients wtheyre ttheyy want to be met. As an example in tthey down market, our clients rely on trusted advisors like accountants and brokers, we have very, very strong partner relationships with those channels, and that's how we drive results in that channel. So it really varies channel by channel, but you should understand that we are pursuing every channel, every avenue including upping our digital marketing investments to make sure that, we're getting our fair share of that without throwing money away. Samad Samana Great. Thanks again for taking my questions. I really appreciate tthey thoughtful answers. Operator Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Kartik Mehta Good morning. Carlos, you talked about net gains. I'm wondering if that's related strictly to ADP having a better set of products, or is that related to tthey competition doing something else? And just my second question, you've talked a lot about tthey sales process. And I'm wondering, if you believe afterward, through ttheir pandemic, get tthey vaccinations done, that fundamentally if tthey sales process will change, and that you'll use more digital versus face-to-face? Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez I think, I'm in tthey same camp as I think many ottheyr CEOs of companies that - and again, ttheyre's very - ttheyre are not a lot of companies like ADP that operate all tthey way from tthey down market into tthey up market. So ttheyre has to be balance theyre in terms of it's not one clear cut answer. But I'm in tthey camp, for example, in tthey up market with some of my ottheyr competitors, and CEOs who believe that, ttheyre will be face-to-face meetings again, and particularly sales meetings. But I'm also in tthey camp of believing with lots of ottheyrs that we shouldn't assume that things are going to go back exactly tthey way ttheyy were before. Wtheyttheyr it's with tthey way people are working, or tthey way people are selling, we're going to have to adapt to what inevitably is going to be some change. Having said that, I believe I saw a statistic tthey ottheyr day that said that, prior to tthey pandemic about 10% of tthey U.S. workforce was working from home. And it went up to 33% at tthey worst part of tthey pandemic, and ttheyn came back down to 25%. And I kind of monitor ttheir through ottheyr sources that show that ticked up slightly again tthey number of people working from home as ttheir virus continued to surge. But you would expect that 25% to probably go back to 15%, 20%, but not probably back to 10%. But remember that tthey ottheyr 70% never worked from home. And today 75% of tthey people are not working from home. But that doesn't mean that we haven't learned new techniques. So for example, an initial meeting or a follow-up meeting, or maybe even an implementation meeting with our client, I think we've all learned that. It's much more effective to do that for both parties virtually. But it's hard to believe that we're going to go back exactly to wtheyre we were before. It's also very hard to believe that we're going to stay exactly tthey way we are today. And again, I hate to give you wishy-washy answer because I think we're going to have let that play out. But we are like lot of ottheyr things, we're maintaining optionality and equipping our sales force to be prepared for eittheyr of those eventualities. And I think you had a first part of that question that… Kartik Mehta Client growth, wtheyttheyr its product? Carlos Rodriguez Oh client. On tthey client growth side, again we are - I think I mentioned in one of my script, that all of our strategic platforms, so if you think about RUN, Workforce Now, Globalview, I forgot tthey ottheyr ones I mentioned, but tthey platforms that we are that are strategic that we're investing in, not just tthey Next Gen ones are all growing, and ttheyy are growing very robustly, and I don't want to people understand that. And part of tthey challenge is that, we have a large company and we have ottheyr things that maybe aren't growing as fast, or we have a drag from a platform that we're trying to get off of. And we unlike from ottheyrs try to report tthey fact as ttheyy are. But maybe take a little bit of liberty what ottheyrs are doing, and giving a little bit more color about just tthey things that are going well. But if you did that, like we'd only focused on tthey growth of, for example Next Gen, it would be 800% growth, or if we focused tthey growth of Workforce Now, across tthey board, not just in tthey mid-market, because we also use Workforce Now in tthey up market, and we use Workforce Now in our PEO, you would see robust growth even in tthey middle of a pandemic on a Workforce Now. So, I think we're making progress but we're a large organization with large market share and included that exposes our flanks, and we have to be very good at making sure that we protect our flanks which I think we're doing a good job of, as evidenced by retention. But wtheyn you look at tthey go-forward and tthey growth of our strategic platforms, ttheyre is a lot of reasons for optimism that we will I think be able to compete effectively on a go-forward basis. So, I am not sure I can give you lot more detail of that, because ttheir is more detail than we normally give, because we like to just be straight shooters and tthey growth is what it is, wtheyttheyr it's on client counts or a revenue. But if you want a little bit of additional color underneath tthey covers, tthey strategic platforms are doing very well against our competitors. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. So, questions basically about Next Gen payroll and Next Gen HCM. Tthey first part is ttheir, can you talk a little bit more, give us a little bit more color with regards to Next Gen Payroll just in terms of tthey number of clients that have been sold? What percentage of tthey existing Workforce Now base has been converted? And how you are thinking about that going through? And kind of what you're seeing in terms of tthey satisfaction, once you have that in place, you made some initial comments, that sounded really positive? And ttheyn tthey follow-up is ttheir basically on Next Gen HCM, just in terms of what tthey outlook is ttheyre in terms of new sales and new bookings? Thanks you. Carlos Rodriguez Sure. Thanks for tthey question. We thought it was optimistic before prepare yourself, because tthey story on Next Gen Payroll and HCM is quite positive for us in terms of tthey future. If you look at Next Gen Payroll, we have I think close to a couple hundred let's say over 200 live clients. So not just old but live clients. We have over 500 that are sold. I think we said in our comments that you may not have picked up on that, we think that it's possible even though ttheir is not scientifically provable that up to 25% of tthey sales we had so far of Next Gen Payroll we would not obtain without Next Gen Payroll. So I think that bodes well for I think our competitiveness and our market share. And our clients were to have call it somewtheyre around a couple 1,000, I think for ttheir fiscal year. So, it's positive momentum, again tthey caveat ttheyre is with Next Gen HCM we are generally going after very large clients, and in tthey case of Next Gen Payroll, it is really a platform that solves our kind of Next Gen Payroll needs across tthey board and we started and call it tthey core of our mid-market. So, call it between 50 and a 150 employees really has been our focus. But having said that, it's still pretty impressive and we're pretty happy and pretty positive. Satisfaction levels are very high. And I think we just got great tthey momentum and tthey sales force is obviously incredibly excited. Even though, remember, ttheir is still a back-end engine right. So it's still Workforce Now and in tthey future, it will be lifting on that are using high as an engine. But it does provide some additional benefits to tthey client and a lot of sizzle as well, as we know that matters as well, given some of our competitors I think have used sizzle in ttheyir sales process. And so, we're able to use some sizzle now with Next Gen Payroll. So very excited about that rollout and about tthey progress ttheyre. Our Next Gen HCM, you theyard about our rollout in Mexico, which is really Next Gen HCM with Pay. So we have call it, a handful of clients now in four countries that are actually running on Next Gen HCM with Pay. Again, it's very early like to talk about only a handful of clients isn't a lot, but what was most encouraging is that in a couple of those situations we were able to use what we're calling a federated development process, which is one of tthey intentions wtheyttheyr we invest into tthey platform which to be able to build rapidly. So, tthey Mexico client was onboarded in from super messaging [ph] tthey building platform, getting tthey client and getting ttheym onboarded in call it six to nine months. So very, very impressive for us to be able to do that. So, we're optimistic that ttheir will continue to hopefully theylp us again competitively. And I think you also asked about how many clients we've migrated off of Workforce Now on to Pay, and remember that it's we're not migrating clients off of Workforce Now, we're just changing tthey underlying payroll engine that is still on tthey Workforce Now. And tthey outlook of that is I think not many, like ttheir is mostly new logo sales in tthey case of Next Gen Payroll. Again, underneath Workforce Now. So, as we go to market, it's still Workforce Now with tthey Pay payroll engine beneath it. And again footnote, I think I said ttheir last quarter, Workforce Now is a Next Gen platform. We don't talk about it that way, because we haven't been talking about it that way, but Workforce Now with Pay is a Next Gen platform. Mark Marcon Got it. I appreciate it. Sounds very optimistic. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great. Thank you. Hey, Nathan, you talked about tthey digital transformation a couple times. We're in argue kind of in that process and I think tthey last number you'd referenced was about a $150 million benefit. Is that still tthey way to think about it in tthey 150 range? Or does that get accelerated based on some of tthey investments in your portfolio as a result of tthey Q2 outperformance? Nathan Winters Yes, Kevin thanks for that question. That 150 still follows, that was our estimated benefit for tthey year, tthey current fiscal year from digital and ottheyr transformation efforts. Wtheyre are we in that journey? I'd say we're in tthey early days, early I mean, as I mentioned ttheyse projects are not chats to implement projects. Ttheyse are not basically four months projects that you rollout. Ttheyse are how do we secure or build tthey right tools to take work out of tthey system. How do we - well, some of it can be little faster like continuing to build that chatbox functionality and how many inquires [Indiscernible] and some of those to go faster. But some of ttheym could be longer projects like, supporting our implementation teams with tools that we're building. So, my view is we're in tthey early innings theyre. We've had some good success thus far. We continue to stay very focused on building pipeline of projects. And if everything all part of tthey company that we expect and that we go to, to say, what are you doing to digitally transform what you do. How do you take work out of tthey system and its front office and its back office? So, we got a lot more work to do ttheyre, and I think that's a really good thing. Kevin McVeigh And ttheyn just one quick follow-up, maybe [Indiscernible] as it relates to that. How does that impact your addressable market, because I'd imagine it probably expands it in terms of average client size, things like that? Is ttheyre any way to frame what tthey transformation is going to mean, in terms of addressable market longer-term? Carlos Rodriguez It's a good question and something that we think about a lot, right, as I think one of tthey things we want to try to get is we talked about share of wallet, new logos, but we can expand our addressable market that is very theylpful. And it really varies business by business. But as an example, we are, I think, in tthey early stages, I would say, still not ready. I think I'm not supposed to say anything about it. But we think that in tthey down market, ttheyre is part of tthey addressable market that we could do better with if we had a more kind of end-to-end digital product, if you will, in terms of - so ttheir would be a complement to RUN, that would compete in a segment of tthey market that we don't compete in today. Likewise, if we go all tthey way to tthey up market and international with tthey acquisition of Celergo was intended to kind of bolster, I think, a market that is growing and that I think is expanded by our acquisition of Celergo. And tthey Next Gen platforms, if you will, are for sure intended to expand tthey addressable market. So for example, tthey Next Gen payroll engine, again with Workforce Now would probably be have more appeal to an in-house user, even though people don't think ttheyre's a lot of those left, ttheyre are still people who use kind of in-house software if you will. And I think that ttheir Next Gen payroll platform combined with Workforce Now provides more control, which is something that for tthey last 20 years, wtheyn we survey tthey market, if you will to assess what's addressable, ttheyre was always ttheir kind of outsourcing versus in-house. And I think what's happened is that, cloud technology has blurred that line, but ttheyre's still a line ttheyre. And tthey ability to have tthey payroll platform perform some ottheyr things that people want from a control standpoint wtheyn ttheyy're in-house, I think expands that addressable market. And ttheyn lastly, in terms of Next Gen HCM, I mean, clearly, tthey big play ttheyre and tthey big investment was to expand tthey addressable market in tthey up market for us, both tthey larger and more complex clients, but tthey clients who also had HR needs that, we were not necessarily able to satisfy with some of our older platforms. So definitely, I think, a lot of opportunity and it's a key focus of our strategy in terms of how we develop our products, is to expand tthey addressable market. Nathan Winters Yes. Kevin, you can think about as our digital work, our digital transformation is meant to improve and accelerate on both top-line and from an efficiency productivity standpoint. From a top-line perspective, wtheyttheyr it's tthey addressable market and accessing that through Next Gen or ottheyr feature improvements that we're making, sales cycle time, shortening that cycle time to get something through tthey sales process. We're working on that in our PEO business, improving via digital work, improving service. So with improved service, ttheyrefore, improved NPS, ttheyrefore improved retention. So it's meant to target both acceleration from a top-line perspective and as we've talked about taking work out of tthey system and productivity. Kevin McVeigh Thanks so much. Operator We have time for one more question. And our last question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tien-Tsin Huang Thanks so much. Good results and I appreciate tthey very clear guidance as well. Just a question and a follow-up or clarification. Just on tthey KPIs, Carlos, that you're most focused on tthey second half. Just theyaring everything you talked about, positive revisions to retention, bookings. I'm curious, if ttheyre are any underappreciated KPIs at ttheir point of tthey cycle that we should be tracking to gauge tthey sustainability of tthey improvement that you're talking about, as we get through tthey second half of tthey year? And just a clarification, I think you touctheyd upon it in tthey last comment theyre. Just tthey 25% of sales of Next Gen payroll that would not have been attained without it. Is - are you - are those clients on a cloud platform that are looking for a cloud like tthey controls and whatnot that you're talking about that that was tthey condition for considering? I'm just trying to understand why ttheyy didn't consider it before it if that makes sense? Carlos Rodriguez Yes, listen, I think unfortunately, I don't have that level of detail I'm afraid to say. We would probably maybe follow-up to give you a little more color that's why I tried to use tthey words not scientific. So our sales force - we are obviously very, very focused on tthey rollout of our Next Gen platforms. And so as we try to keep close communication and close tab with our sales force on how it's going, and ttheyy came to us and said, we think we got 25% more logos as a result of Next Gen Payroll than we would have gotten in tthey past. I'm guessing ttheyre are going to be a number of different reasons for that, including ttheyre maybe a little bit of a sizzle factor ttheyre, in terms of - because as you know, we run fully compliant payrolls. We theylp our clients with PPP loans. I mean we were able to do everything, like our existing platforms are tthey most robust, most compretheynsive, most effective, I believe, of course, I'm biased in tthey industry. But ttheyre are incremental improvements, that give people wtheyttheyr it's tthey control aspect that I mentioned or tthey sizzle that theylp sales, and it's no different than you go buy a car and ttheyre is five different models of tthey same car. And people buy tthey five different cars but you have to have new cars every now and ttheyn, and I think it's every five years whatever that cycle is, and I think that's maybe some of what's happening theyre. But we'll try to get you a little bit of additional color if we can, but that was an intent to spark a kind of a new level of disclosure if you will about what percentage of our 25% came as a result of which feature. But we'll try to provide some color eittheyr in tthey interim, or certainly on tthey next call, wtheyn we're going to have many more clients on Next Gen Payroll, and we'll have a little bit more data for you. On tthey question you had about KPI's, I would say, you hit on all of ttheym, like ttheyre's lot of important ones that you just touctheyd on that we watch and that we share with you. Tthey ottheyr ones that I think are important are ones around productivity both for sales, but also for our service and implementation associates. And in particular on sales, that's part of why we're talking about kind of tthey underlying trends improving, and us being so optimistic about tthey future is, ttheyre's no reason why our sales force can't get to tthey same productivity, ttheyy were pre-pandemic and ttheyn continue to increase that productivity as ttheyy had been doing for many, many years. And so that's one of those KPIs that we watch very carefully is what's happening to that sales force productivity number quarter-on-quarter, and what's it expected to do in tthey third quarter and in tthey fourth quarter, and luckily, it's on track and that's something that we watch very carefully. Likewise, tthey productivity per service rep and productivity of implementation, so as an example, how many new clients can an implementation rep on board, and ttheyse are all impacted by tthey digital transformation that Nathan was talking about. Because our goal is to make it easier and better for our clients, and as a byproduct, hopefully reduce our operating expenses, not reduce our operating expenses, and ttheyn figure out what happens after that, because tthey most important driver of tthey long-term value theyre is client retention. And I can tell you that if we maintain ttheyse client retentions, you guys should go do tthey math on how much faster our revenue will grow on a normal steady state basis with tthey same bookings. It's pretty powerful. And obviously that's incremental revenue growth that doesn't have incremental sales expense or implementation expense. So tthey most important thing for us to do is to make good on our commitment to our clients. But having said that, those productivity metrics are important, too, in determining kind of our ability to drive margin into tthey future, because those are two big buckets of expense, our service and implementation costs. And again, that's anottheyr item wtheyre tthey KPI that would really be around not just NPFs and retention, but around productivity. And tthey good news ttheyre is that we've been showing really good productivity improvements, while we've also been driving very good retention, which speaks to tthey success of our digital transformation efforts. Tien-Tsin Huang Very clear. Thanks so much. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I'm pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. End of Q&A Carlos Rodriguez Well, I think I mentioned already that it's hard to imagine wtheyre we were just a quarter ago, because I think on tthey same call a quarter ago, ttheyre was no vaccine, ttheyre was no stimulus approved and ttheyre was no new administration in Washington. We were still waiting for or looking forward to an election. So, besides all of tthey great things that our associates are doing in terms of execution, our sales force and all of our associates, in terms of theylping our clients through ttheir and theylping each ottheyr, I just thank God for wtheyre we are today versus wtheyre we were last quarter, because we know now, I think we knew some of us knew that we would be okay eventually. But now, we know for sure that we're going to be okay in terms of our friends, our families, but also our economy and I think our companies and tthey things that we also value on tthey professional side. So, very excited about tthey prospects of getting through tthey next month or two, which I know we're going to be challenging for all of us, but also looking forward to much better times atheyad to plenty of pent-up demand, to growth and productivity, to strong GDP and all tthey great things that are going to happen once we finally defeat tthey virus and move on. So I would just close by saying, thank you to tthey scientists, tthey pharmaceutical companies and everyone else who got us to wtheyre we are today and that continue to move us forward as a country and as a globe. And I appreciate you all joining tthey call and listening to us today. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey program, you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.