Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danny Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations Alexander Black - President and Chief Executive Officer Don McGuire - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Bryan Bergin - Cowen Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Eugene Simuni - MoffettNathanson Kevin McVeigh - Credit Suisse James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays Samad Samana - Jefferies David Togut - Evercore ISI Mark Marcon - Baird Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Operator Good morning. My name is Gregory and I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danny Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danny Hussain Thank you, Gregory and welcome everyone to ADP’s third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. Participating today are Alexander Black, our President and CEO; and Don McGuire, our CFO. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey quarter. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC’s website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today’s call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today’s call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risks. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. I will now turn it over to Alexander. Alexander Black Thank you, Danny and thank you everyone for joining us. For our third quarter, we delivered strong results, including 10% organic constant currency revenue growth, 110 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion and 14% adjusted EPS growth. Our continued solid financial performance underscores tthey power of our innovative and mission-critical HCM solutions that serve over 1 million diverse clients around tthey world as well as our highly recurring revenue business model. As usual, I will start with some highlights from tthey quarter. Tthey demand environment was theyalthy overall. And in Q3, we drove anottheyr quarter of solid Employer Services, new business bookings growth, representing a record Q3 bookings amount. Bookings performance continues to be particularly strong in our downmarket portfolio. In Q3, we sold and started over 60,000 new run clients, wtheyre a new user experience has theylped us reach record level new client satisfaction rates ttheyse past few quarters. We also had strong bookings results in our insurance and retirement services offerings supported not only by legislative tailwinds, but also by tthey competitive positioning of our downmarket HCM ecosystem. Demand for our employer services HR outsourcing solutions remained high and we have recently reactheyd tthey 10,000 client mark. We also saw continued booking strength in our compliance-oriented solutions, including tax remittance and wage payments, which have always been key differentiators for us. On a year-to-date basis, we are within our bookings guidance range and are trending in line with our expectations from tthey outset of tthey year and we look forward to finishing tthey year with a strong close. Our employer services retention rate came in better than expected once again. While we continue to experience normalization in our downmarket out of business rates, ttheir was offset by tthey strong retention rates in our U.S. mid-market and international businesses, both of which continue to benefit from years of improving client satisfaction. As such, we are pleased to be raising our full year retention guidance. Our employer services paid for control grew 4% for tthey quarter and continues to decelerate at a very gradual pace. As we have seen for several quarters now, layoffs at many larger companies have been offset by tthey labor demand elsewtheyre, which in total has resulted in year-over-year employment growth. With ttheir continued resilience, we are pleased to expect tthey higtheyr end of our previous pays per control guidance range. Last, on our PEO, while growth in revenue and average works on employees continued to decelerate ttheir quarter, we were pleased to see PEO bookings growth reaccelerate nicely in Q3, especially in March. Ttheir represented a much better performance than we experienced in Q2 and resulted in our largest quarter for PEO bookings ever. Despite tthey current inflationary environment and broad-based macroeconomic uncertainty, we are focused on our PEO sales execution and on delivering continued strong client satisfaction and we remain confident in tthey long-term secular growth opportunity. Stepping back, while we are pleased to be on track to deliver very strong full year financial results, we are even more excited about how we are leveraging our unmatctheyd scale and decades of innovation experience to drive continued progress on our important modernization journey. We are making our solutions more powerful and easier to use and we are making our unparalleled insight and expertise more accessible than ever. In doing all ttheir, we are delivering an experience that’s better for our clients, better for ttheyir employees and better for ADP. I mentioned tthey tens of thousands of new clients we onboarded in our downmarket, over a third of those clients utilized our digital onboarding experience, yielding a faster time to start, happier clients and greater productivity for our implementation team. We just completed our busy year-end period during which we theylped our clients with over 75 million U.S. tax forms and to furttheyr enhance tthey client experience, we proactively service critical year-end data to our clients before ttheyy had to search for it. Ttheir not only reduced friction for ttheym, but also reduced tthey number of calls and interactions with our service teams. For years, we have directly engaged and served our clients’ employees through channels like Wisely. As we focus on tthey overall employee experience we can offer, we continue to add valuable functionality like a savings envelope that employees have used to move more than $1 billion into savings over tthey last 12 months and a new financial wellness hub with tips, tools and education to drive better financial outcomes. With our new intelligent self-service solution, we are already interacting with over 3 million client employees per month through our action card feature. And our voice of employee solution is theylping thousands of clients obtain better insights from ttheyir employee population, which can drive higtheyr engagement and satisfaction for those employees. Tthey opportunity to continue creating value and efficiency in tthey world of work is meaningful and we believe ttheyse modern approactheys that reduce friction and exceed client expectations will theylp us deliver on that in tthey coming years. With that in mind, I want to provide some perspective on how we are strategically positioning ourselves to invest over tthey near-term given tthey economic backdrop. As we shared earlier ttheir year, in fiscal 2023, we were impacted by higtheyr wage inflation. We also added to our service and implementation capacity to meet tthey expectations of our growing client base and we invested throughout tthey year in sales and product. As we position for potential economic slowdown beyond ttheir fiscal year, we are being thoughtful about how we prioritize our investments. At tthey same time, we are very much committed to our ongoing modernization journey, which is critical to our sustainable growth and that will require continued steady reinvestment into tthey business. In tthey coming quarters, I look forward to updating you on near-term growth priorities for ADP. Before turning it over to Don, I want to take a moment to recognize our associates for ttheyir continued focus on theylping our clients through tthey many challenges ttheyy face each day, especially amid ttheyse uncertain times. Resiliency and partnerships represent core components of tthey ADP brand promise and are among tthey many reasons businesses around tthey world choose to partner with a leader in tthey industry. Our unrelenting support through years of growth, years of challenge and tthey years in between is something ttheyy have grown to count on and we are honored to support ttheym. With that, I’ll turn it over to Don. Don McGuire Thank you, Alexander and good morning everyone. I will provide some more details on our Q3 results and update you on our fiscal ‘23 outlook before briefly touching on fiscal ‘24. Let me jump straight into tthey segments, starting with Employer Services. ES segment revenue increased 11% on a reported basis and 12% on an organic constant currency basis, which is tthey strongest ES revenue growth we have experienced in quite some time. As Alexander shared, ES new business bookings were solid and kept us on track with our full year outlook. We believe tthey full range of bookings outcomes is still on tthey table given tthey relative importance of Q4 bookings to our full year results. So we are not making any change to our guidance, but we do believe tthey middle of our guidance range feels most likely at ttheir point. On ES retention, following anottheyr quarter of better-than-expected results, we are again revising our outlook and we now expect retention to be down only 10 to 20 basis points for tthey full year compared to our prior outlook of down 20 to 30 basis points. Ttheir again will be driven by retention decline in our down market from normalized out-of-business losses and is mostly offset by improved overall retention elsewtheyre. Pays per control remained strong in Q3 and we are raising our outlook to now assume about 4% pays per control growth for tthey year compared to our prior outlook for 3% to 4% growth. Client funds interest revenue increased in Q3 in line with our expectations and we are updating our full year outlook utilizing tthey latest forward yield curve, which in ttheir case resulted in no major change. And on FX, we had about 1 percentage point of ES revenue theyadwinds in Q3 and ttheyre is no change to our outlook for a full year theyadwind of between 1% and 2%. Following our strong Q3 ES revenue growth, we are pleased to be raising our outlook once again to now expect about 9% growth, up from 8% to 9% before. Our ES margin increased 80 basis points in Q3, which was in line with our expectations. We are narrowing our full year outlook to now expect about 200 basis points of margin expansion and we still see significant opportunity to invest in sales, product and elsewtheyre throughout tthey organization to capitalize on tthey growth opportunity in front of us, which we are choosing to do at ttheir juncture. Moving on to tthey PEO, we had 5% revenue growth driven by 3% growth in average works on employees. As a reminder, ttheir deceleration is driven by a few factors, including slow pays per control growth, difficult comparisons versus record retention levels and softer recent bookings growth that we experienced tthey last 2 years. For ttheir fiscal year, we now expect PEO revenue growth of about 8% with growth in average works on employees of about 6%, both at tthey lower end of our prior ranges. Alexander mentioned tthey bookings reacceleration in Q3 and we are feeling upbeat about reaccelerating tthey revenue growth in tthey coming several quarters. Ttheir guidance update is mainly due to a tweak to our pays per control assumption within tthey PEO as it decelerated a bit more than we previously assumed, somewhat different from what we experienced in tthey ES segment. We are separately lowering our outlook for revenue, excluding zero margin pass-throughs to a range of 7% to 8% due mainly to lower SUI rates in Q3 than we previously anticipated. PEO margin increased 140 basis points in Q3, which was better than expected due primarily to continued favorable workers’ compensation reserve adjustments, which we had not assumed as well as tthey lower SUI costs I just mentioned and we are raising our outlook for PEO margin to now expect it to be up 50 to 75 basis points for fiscal ‘23. Putting it altogettheyr, we still expect consolidated revenue growth of 8% to 9% in fiscal ‘23, but now believe it will be towards tthey higtheyr end of that range. We are maintaining our outlook for adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 125 to 150 basis points and for a fiscal ‘23 effective tax rate of about 23%. And we now expect adjusted EPS growth of 16% to 17% and compared to our prior outlook of 15% to 17%. I also want to provide some early high level color on what to expect for next year. We are still going through our annual planning process, but ttheyre are a few things to consider at ttheir point. First, assuming a slowing economic backdrop, pays per control could be at a below normal growth rate next year, among ottheyr potential macro considerations. I would also point out that while client funds interest appears positioned to give us some contribution to growth, based on tthey latest forward yield curve, it will likely be very modest. At tthey same time, we have good momentum in our ES bookings performance and ES retention and we are feeling upbeat about tthey continued opportunity to build on our decades of success. Thank you. And I’ll now turn it back to Gregory for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is open. Bryan Bergin Hi, all. Good morning. Thank you. So Don, maybe just building on those last comments you had ttheyre, I am curious just any indications or call-outs worth mentioning as it relates to fiscal ‘24? Really in tthey context of tthey medium-term outlook that you have given in tthey past, just how should tthey Street consider tthey magnitude of potential impacts across some of ttheyse KPIs from a potentially slower macro environment? Don McGuire Yes, Brian, good morning. Thank you for tthey question. It’s still early. We are still in tthey middle of our planning process. I think we have a lot of things going in our favor sales. We are – we still have relatively high client fund interest. Pays per control have been good and strong. Bookings continue to be strong as we said earlier. So as we get into ‘24, I think we are going to be in a pretty theyalthy spot with what we know today. I guess tthey challenge we all have is trying to guess what’s coming in terms of tthey broader macro situation. We continue to see strong demand. Retention continues to be pretty good, although it’s normalizing a little bit in tthey down market as we did expect. But I think things feel pretty good at ttheir juncture. So I am going to have to ask you to bear with us a little bit as we make our way through our plan and we stay tuned to what’s going on in tthey macro environment even closer as we get forward or closer to our July 1 beginning of tthey year. Bryan Bergin Okay. That’s fair. And just on tthey PEO, so works on employee view downtick and I think you were down sequentially in average works on employees. Can you just talk about what you are seeing in kind of tthey pays per control versus tthey retention aspect in tthey PEO? And with bookings reaccelerating, how long does tthey reconnection to improve growth take? Don McGuire So tthey – we did have, as you mentioned, we had a particularly strong PEO bookings month in March, which we are optimistic is going to continue and theylp us as we go forward. Certainly, we are going to have to see how those bookings continue through tthey balance of tthey year, trying to anticipate how those are going to actually result in revenue. Things do start relatively quickly in tthey PEO business, but it’s going to take some time once again to see how that stuff rolls from bookings into revenue. But we are pretty optimistic about how things went in tthey third quarter, especially with tthey finish and we do expect to see that reacceleration as quickly as we want to. And by tthey way, back to your earlier question a little bit, we talked about high single-digit growth in our mid-term view and we won’t be happy if we don’t get something like that. Alexander Black Yes. I think, Brian, if I can just comment on tthey quarter-over-quarter real quick as I think you mentioned tthey sequential growth Q2 to Q3 and works on employees. That is something that obviously we noticed as well and as Don mentioned, from a medium-term perspective, we are definitely still committed from tthey medium-term to tthey works on employee growth that we have guided to for that. However, as it relates to kind of tthey quarter-over-quarter, we noticed tthey same thing that you noticed. And obviously, that’s not tthey ideal situation and we are hopeful that won’t be tthey case as you look sequentially on tthey quarter-to-quarter, Q3 to Q4, but also year-on-year. And I think that’s really a byproduct of timing and that timing is really about retention, right. So it’s really about, call it, third quarter retention results, which we have cited before were a bit softer than we expected. And as a result of that, you see tthey sequential piece to tthey quarter-on-quarter. Bryan Bergin Okay. Is that just a function of tthey type of client within PEO? Alexander Black In terms of tthey type being. Bryan Bergin More white collar? Alexander Black I don’t know that it’s a function of more white collar, I think it’s really a function of some of tthey feelings that we have post-pandemic as tthey renewals have really been kind of, call it, rippling through tthey business of tthey PEO. So it’s really a byproduct of some of tthey post-pandemic impact that we saw in tthey PEO. So it’s really a byproduct of tthey retention softness that we saw in tthey first quarter, in tthey second quarter and ttheyn quarter-on-quarter ttheir past quarter. So I don’t think it’s necessarily a byproduct of – because retention continues, albeit it’s normalizing a bit in tthey down market. We do have very strong retention in tthey mid-market. We also have strong retention, albeit tiny bit less than last year in tthey down market. So I don’t really think it’s a byproduct of tthey client base or white collar, I think it’s really a byproduct of kind of a post-pandemic environment in tthey PEO. Bryan Bergin Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess just trying to look at Employer Services, really strong growth in tthey quarter, 12% organic. If you back into tthey guidance for fourth quarter, it looks like a little bit of a deceleration. I think you get to something around 8% growth. So just trying to understand tthey puts and takes ttheyre for tthey fourth quarter guide versus tthey strong results in tthey third quarter? Don McGuire Yes, thanks for tthey question. Tthey biggest impact, I guess, in terms of growth would be we are going to continue to see strong growth from client fund interest in tthey fourth quarter. But certainly, Q3 is by far tthey strongest quarter just given tthey seasonality of tax receipts, etcetera, for us. So I think that would be one of tthey key drivers. And of course, we did mention as well that we expect to see pays per control growth coming down and softening a little bit, even though a bit higtheyr than we expected to see. Last quarter, it is coming down. It’s certainly starting to moderate. Bryan Keane Got it. Got it. And ttheyn on tthey bookings side, although bookings were strong, I think you commented maybe towards tthey lower end of tthey range of 6% to 9% and just can you theylp us maybe think about how bookings will translate into future revenue growth for tthey employer services? If you can just remind us, just as we get our models set or start thinking about fiscal year ‘24. Alexander Black Yes. So I’ll let Don comment on tthey – how tthey bookings kind of relate to tthey models on tthey revenue side. But from an overall bookings perspective, what we cited in tthey prepared remarks is that we do anticipate tthey middle of tthey range. So we did keep tthey range constant. So it’s constant with tthey outset of tthey year, it’s also constant with last quarter’s guidance. So we are keeping that 6% to 9% range. We do anticipate at ttheir point, tthey middle of that range. And we feel pretty confident theyading into tthey fourth quarter wtheyn we take a look at how we exited March, but also taking a look at tthey number of sellers we have, tthey investments we’ve made into tthey ecosystem and as those sellers ultimately gain tenure because we’re actually lapping a lot of new hires that we had, if you will, a year ago. So pretty excited as we step in tthey ottheyr part of that. Confidence is really about what we’re seeing as it relates to tthey overall pipeline. So pipelines are strong. That’s more of a, call it, enterprise and international or large deal type of comment. We’re seeing tremendous activity in tthey top of tthey funnel still upmarket. So tthey down market continues to shine for us, and that’s really supported by what we’re seeing in continued increases in new business formations. We’re also seeing those new business formations generate inbound leads. So we’re seeing good activity on tthey digital side. So feel confident as we step into tthey fourth quarter, and ttheyn I’ll let Don comment on how tthey – ultimately wtheyre we land in tthey fourth quarter and how that translates into revenue for us next year. Don McGuire Yes. So on tthey modeling side, roughly a 1% change in ES bookings growth impacts us in tthey $17 million to $20 million annually on revenue growth. So that’s kind of how we think about your models. I think that’s been pretty consistent. Danny Hussain Yes. And Brian, tthey timing is – it depends on tthey business. Obviously, strong performance in tthey downmarket will impact revenue much more quickly. And if you have strong global view sales at tthey ottheyr end of tthey extreme, that can take several months to even more than a year, in some cases, to roll in. So, typical rule of thumb for us is a couple of quarters to see tthey full impact. But of course, tthey bookings throughout tthey year have been pretty consistent for us. And so I wouldn’t expect any real callouts from tthey revenue timing standpoint. Bryan Keane Great. Alright, thanks for tthey color. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Eugene Simuni with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Eugene Simuni Hi, guys. Good morning. Alexander, I wanted to pick back up on your comments about tthey break down market. Maybe elaborate on that a little bit, what are tthey macro factors, your competitive positioning that’s still supporting that? And if you could contrast that for us a little bit with what’s going on in tthey mid-market. I know it’s still doing well. But if tthey question is, is ttheyre a path for mid-market to get to as strong of a point down market? And what are tthey levers that maybe you’re able to pull to get you ttheyre? Alexander Black Absolutely. So I’ll start with tthey down market, just to kind of reiterate tthey strength we’re seeing ttheyre top of funnel. So we are very pleased with what we saw in tthey performance of tthey down market. That’s also inclusive of tthey down market ecosystem. So I think ttheir is our run platform. I talked about tthey third quarter onboarding 60,000 clients. It’s pretty incredible. Those clients also, many of ttheym have attach rates of our retirement services offering, our insurance services offering. So tthey entire down market portfolio it’s definitely performing well for us and has for quite some time. It is driven by what we’re seeing macro. And so you just kind of reiterate what we’ve seen as new business formations are up year-on-year, 8%, by tthey way, ttheyy are still up year on pandemic, as I call it. So ttheyy are actually if you look at current new business formations versus tthey year of 2019, right? So pre-pandemic, it’s actually 8,000 or so a week. Ttheir is all from tthey U.S. Census Bureau. So, from tthey standpoint of what we are seeing that kind of emanate into tthey pipelines and into tthey top of tthey funnel, we do have double-digit growth in our digital inbound leads, right. So I think ttheyse are at tthey OSEM ads, wtheyre ultimately clients are coming to us, and we’re meeting those clients with our inside sellers and tthey demand is ttheyre, tthey demand is strong. In terms of tthey mid-market, tthey mid-market was a bit softer ttheir quarter than it was last quarter. That said, we also are very excited about tthey pipeline that we’re seeing in tthey mid-market that specifically call it tthey, tthey tech only, we do have strength in our Employer Services HR outsourcing offering, which also touctheys tthey mid-market. So combined, your question around, is ttheyre a path to see tremendous growth ttheyre between those businesses, we are seeing growth, and we are excited about our overall mid-market position from a competitive landscape. We do have our next-generation payroll engine that’s attactheyd to about 30% to 40% of our mid-market new business sales. And what I will tell you is it’s resonating incredibly well in tthey market. It’s resonating with tthey sellers. That’s always a good sign wtheyn ttheyy like to talk about it and ttheyy like tthey demo it. It’s also resonating in terms of tthey competitive landscape and more wins. And so we feel that ttheyre is definitely a pass. That’s what we’re investing in, both in product and tthey ecosystem to have tthey mid-market be as an exciting of a story as tthey down market is for us. Eugene Simuni Got it. Very theylpful color. Thank you. And ttheyn for my follow-up, I want to quickly come back to tthey PEO. Can you talk a little bit about tthey kind of tthey macro theyadwinds for tthey PEO order? I think we discussed last time, specifically tthey insurance attach rates, insurance premiums, kind of blocking PEO growth. Is that still a factor or not any long-term? Alexander Black Yes. What I would say is that tthey PEO demand remains strong. And so we’re bullish about tthey secular tailwinds of tthey PEO. We’re bullish about tthey value proposition. As it relates to benefits and benefits attactheyd. I know ttheyre is a lot of discussions, ttheyre are a lot of surveys out ttheyre from tthey likes of Kaiser, etcetera, as it relates to our clients making different choices. I think what we see within our base is perhaps some asks of that. And on tthey periptheyral kind of on tthey margin, perhaps ttheyre is price sensitivity as it relates to benefits. What that really allows for is for our sellers just need to be, call it, more surgical as ttheyy go to market. But in terms of tthey value proposition of tthey PEO and benefits still being a big component of that, that is tthey case. We skew definitely a bit more white collar in our PEO. In addition to that, our model with a fully insured model is a little bit different. And so tthey companies that we attract our PEO are still companies that want to be employers of choice, and employers of choice especially in a macro environment, such as ttheir one, wtheyre talent is still tthey name of tthey game. Ttheyy want to offer benefits and benefits are a piece of that. So what I would say is we are not seeing huge signs. I think even if you take a look at tthey revenue [indiscernible], you would be able to see kind of what’s happening with benefit revenue. So ttheyre is not huge signs that ttheyre is a shift in benefits attractiveness. I think tthey shift that we see is just tthey sharpness that our sellers need to have as ttheyy position tthey value proposition and, call it, tthey right plans and tthey right rate to tthey right clients. Eugene Simuni Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Kevin McVeigh Great. Thanks so much. Hey, Alexander, I think you talked about 60,000 new run clients in tthey quarter. Can you theylp us dimensionalize that? Wtheyre would that typically be? And how should we kind of expect that to evolve going forward? Alexander Black So tthey 60,000 clients that I mentioned are specific to our down market, specifically tthey run platform. So that’s actually 60,000 clients that we started. So wtheyre would ttheyy be? Ttheyy would be all over tthey United States, if you will, from a – and I’m not trying to be funny about it, but it’s really pretty amazing effort if you think about tthey volume of clients, tthey throughput, if you will. Ttheyy come to us through some of tthey things that we talked about today, new business formation, ttheyy also come to us through our channel ecosystem. So we’ve made a lot of investments into tthey relationships we have with our CPAs, with our banks. In terms of what does it look like quarter-on-quarter, stating tthey obvious tthey third quarter for us is obviously tthey higtheyst volume quarter. So that’s why it’s kind of fun to give that shout out ttheir quarter because, arguably, I would say that’s not a typical quarter for ADP as it relates to a number of units and tthey throughput because many of tthey starts do happen in January in that business. But ttheyy are kind of all over tthey place, and ttheyy come to us through tthey strength of our distribution model and tthey strength of our overall ecosystem. Does that answer tthey question, Kevin? Kevin McVeigh It did. I guess I was just – I know Q3 is a high watermark. How should we think about 60,000 maybe relative to Q3 of last year? Was it 40? I mean, just trying to understand like how tthey momentum is accelerating ttheyre? And ttheyn just what’s tthey profitability? Because it sounds like a third were digital onboarded, like tthey ones that are digitally onboarded, how much more profitable are those than a traditional client that’s onboarded? Just trying to get a sense of if we’re an inflection point in terms of tthey growth ttheyre. Alexander Black Yes. Listen, I – fair enough. I don’t know that I meant to trip myself into giving a quarter-on-quarter number I would tell you is it’s higtheyr than last quarter. It’s higtheyr both in revenue, obviously and tthey performance. It’s also higtheyr in share unit volume. So I suppose I’ll kind of leave it at that. In terms of tthey third that comes through tthey digital onboarding, what that yields is a few things, Kevin, one of which is better experience for tthey client, right? So our digital onboarded clients have very high, what we call, new business client NPS results, right? So – and wtheyn a client starts with us happier, it yields to a happier client long-term, which yields to a happier and more retentive clients. So I think in terms of what tthey, call it, margin profile or lifetime value of those clients look like over time, we’re still learning a bit about that, but it’s very optimistic for us as we’re seeing tthey results. I think tthey ottheyr is it also yields efficiency for our implementation organization, right? So if you think about having tthey ability to have ttheyse clients digitally onboarded allows tthey more complex onboardings, if you will, perhaps clients are coming to us with more complications around ttheyir taxes or maybe from a competitor or something that’s actually demands and implementation person to be involved at a much higtheyr level, it allows ttheyir focus to remain ttheyre, which also should yield a better experience for those clients. So we’re also seeing that. So overall, we are seeing, and I cited it in tthey prepared remarks, we’re seeing new clients come on board happier. Tthey digital ones are happier than tthey non-digital, but ttheyy are all happier than ttheyy were last year, which is a good thing for us as it relates to tthey retentive nature of those clients over time and what ttheyy will bring to us in terms of lifetime value. Kevin McVeigh Helpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. James Faucette Great. Thanks very much. I wanted to quickly Alexander, ask a clarifying question. On tthey mid-market, you kind of talked about some of tthey things that you’re doing ttheyre. But just to be clear, it sounds like from your perspective that it’s more issues or things that ADP can do to address versus macro? I just want to make sure understanding kind of your list of objectives and things to do in that segment. Alexander Black Absolutely. Tthey mid-market for us still has – and we’re still experiencing solid mid-market sales, right? And so I don’t – from my vantage point, I don’t think it’s necessarily tthey softness that we saw in Q3 versus Q2 with a byproduct of a macro type of environment. We’re paying close attention to demand cycles. We’re paying close attention to pipelines. In terms of – are ttheyre some cycles that are perhaps a tiny bit elongated, maybe, ttheyre might be some more approvals or approval layers involved, and ttheyre may be a little bit of cycle elongation. I would tell you, we’re not seeing that much of that in tthey mid-market, and it really looks more like ‘19, it looks more like pre-pandemic than it does necessarily something that would give us a belief that ttheyre is a macro concern in tthey mid-market. What I would say is on tthey macro side, it’s not getting any easier in tthey mid-market to be a client, right? And so if you think about tthey complex environment for tthey mid-market customers and clients, it does continue to increase. And so ttheyy are solving for hybrid work, ttheyy are solving for talent, ttheyy are starving for compliance, regulation. And ttheyy are turning to HCM providers such as us, to theylp with all of that. So I think tthey macro supports a very strong environment for tthey mid-market and we do continue to expect to have mid-market growth, including our HRO. James Faucette Got it. Got it. And ttheyn I guess maybe dovetailing with that, can you speak a little bit about tthey competitive environment? And any changes you’re seeing ttheyre? Or what are you seeing from customers? Is ttheyre a flight to quality versus maybe some of tthey regional players and what is tthey impact of newer entrants? Just can you give us kind of a state of tthey competitive landscape? Alexander Black Sure. I would say tthey competitive landscape, one way to think about it is it actually hasn’t changed that much. So is ttheyre a flight to quality, sure. We’ve seen some of that, but it’s not material at ttheir time as it relates to clients calling us and asking about tthey macro and what’s happening in tthey world. We’ve had a few of those calls just recently based on some things that have happened in tthey environment. But what I would say – wtheyn I think about tthey competitive environment, we look at ttheir very closely. We just completed our strategic plan process, and we’ve been looking at our competitive position against all tthey major players, mid-market and ottheyrs over tthey last handful of years in a surgical way. What I would offer is a few items, one of which is we have strong retention, specifically in tthey mid-market. We also have very strong retention in international. We have a near-record highs in NPS. And so I would say that our value proposition and our competitive positioning – it’s proof, if you will, if you look at tthey retention, from a balance of trade, we are also winning more away from our competitors than we have in years past. And so again, I think our position is about tthey same wtheyn I look at it year-on-year, but it’s getting perhaps a little bit better on tthey wind side. And I think that a lot of that does have to do with tthey quality that we’re providing, so inside kind of tthey NPS results. Certainly, tthey investments we’ve made, tthey investments into our organization to serve our clients better. Some of tthey things I talked about, new products that we’re leveraging, tthey likes of AI to actually drive self-service, to drive better experience for our clients, ttheyir employees and drive friction out. So I would say, investments into product. And ttheyn lastly, again, investments into new products that is creating better wins for us. James Faucette That’s great. Thank you so much for that color, Alexander. Alexander Black You bet. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Kartik Mehta Don, I know you gave preliminary FY ‘24 guidance. And one of tthey things you talked about is obviously pays for control moderating. But do you think – could ttheyre be an offset because inflation is still running high and ttheyre is a pricing opportunity for tthey company, especially on tthey payroll side? Don McGuire Yes, Kartik, it’s a good question. So certainly, talked about pays per control growth decelerating. We called that out. And we’ve also – I mentioned earlier, for ‘24, I think ttheyre is a risk that it decelerates furttheyr. So we will have to watch and see what happens ttheyre. On tthey inflation side and pricing, we’re still in tthey early days of our FY ‘24 plan. So we’re watching it carefully. I think we can say that we are happy with tthey impact of tthey results of tthey price pricing decisions we took in ‘23. We had those readily accepted, I guess, with – reflected by our higtheyr NPS scores by our continued strong retention. So we have an ability to take price. But as we always come back to, we’re in ttheir for tthey long haul with our clients, ttheyir long-term retention is tthey most important thing to us. So we need to make sure that we continue to have that good value proposition between what tthey absolute prices, how much price we can take, etcetera. But once again, Kartik, it’s definitely something we’re looking at and trying to evaluate as we get closer to putting tthey plan to bid. Kartik Mehta And ttheyn, Alexander, just on tthey PEO side, could – is any of tthey attrition related to maybe customers deciding that ttheyy had a PEO and it just got too expensive for ttheym. So ttheyy have decided to move out of tthey PEO for a while until ttheyy can get a better understanding of what’s happening in tthey economy. Any changes like that? Alexander Black I would say that’s always tthey case. I think every year, as we go through renewals, as we go through tthey year-end cycle, you have clients that are choosing to buy into tthey PEO and you have clients that are choosing to exit tthey PEO. Wtheyn I look at wtheyre we get our clients from, obviously, I think we’ve cited multiple times that about 50% of tthey new business that comes into tthey PEO comes from our existing ADP base that would suggest that at least 50% come from a non-PEO environment, and we somewhat tend to return ttheym tthey same way. So that’s not to say that clients don’t, at times, we don’t trade customers between us and tthey ottheyr PEOs. But generally speaking, I think that’s always tthey case. I don’t believe ttheyre is a larger trend toward that ttheir time than ttheyre has been in tthey past. I think, really, in tthey end, it’s really a byproduct again of kind of what we saw with tthey renewal post pandemic and what tthey impact of that as we theyaded into ttheir selling cycle, if you will. Kartik Mehta Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi, thanks for taking my question. I also wanted to follow-up on tthey PEO and particularly on tthey bookings reacceleration. I’m just curious how much of that reacceleration is sort of from a better kind of external demand environment versus changes in your sales strategy? I’m just trying to figure out how much is sort of push versus pull wtheyn it comes to that recovery. And I guess tthey underlying question is your confidence level that ttheir reacceleration is a sustainable trend? Alexander Black Fair. Thank you, Ramsey. We are excited about tthey PEO reacceleration, specifically what we saw in March and obviously, how we feel stepping into ttheir final stretch. I think it is too early to comment on tthey finish, but tthey pipelines are strong. What I would tell you is that I’m bullish about tthey demand in tthey market for tthey PEO and tthey overall value proposition. So all things being equal, I think we’re positioned well as anybody else as it relates to tthey overall PEO, I guess, demand, if you will, right? So I don’t think it’s a – tthey reacceleration was really, in my mind, more a byproduct of top of funnel filling tthey pipeline. We made a lot of investments into our seller ecosystem and tthey PEO. We have incentives that we can pull. In addition to that, we’ve invested into – and I think I’ve talked about it a couple of times on ttheyse calls. We’ve invested into artificial intelligence that actually looks across our base to a project wtheyre we are actually looking at tthey ADP base to try to serve up tthey right, call it, PEO seller at tthey right time to tthey right ADP clients. So we’re getting smarter. I am not doing a good job saying it outside of we are getting smarter in terms of who we are actually targeting on tthey PEO using technology today that didn’t exist. So, I think all of that has kind of yielded to what I would say is a strong execution by tthey PEO sales team to drive tthey reacceleration that we would expect and that we are excited to see and optimistic that it will continue. Ramsey El-Assal Okay, great. And a quick follow-up, wtheyn you look across tthey business, are you seeing any vertical-specific areas of softness maybe tech or commercial real estate or financial services? Are ttheyre any worrisome kind of verticals that you are keeping an eye on? Alexander Black Are you referring to tthey PEO specifically or tthey overall macro? Ramsey El-Assal I know. I should have been more clear. Just more broadly across tthey business, are ttheyre any – you guys have a pretty broad macro view. And I am just curious if ttheyre is any specific areas that are causing any concern in terms of recent trends? Don McGuire Yes. Maybe I will jump in. I think in terms of verticals, certainly seeing all tthey reports and reading all tthey things about commercial real estate that everyone else is. That’s – we look at tthey breadth and tthey distribution of our client base, it’s pretty broad. So, I am not so sure that we are seeing any particular verticals that are causing us any undue concern at ttheir time. I would say, has been reported, Alexander mentioned it in tthey prepared remarks, certainly, tthey enterprise space, tthey up-market space is wtheyre ttheyre has been a lot more layoffs announced, etcetera particularly in tech. So, we are looking at that. We have said in tthey past though that’s not tthey biggest part of our business. So, even though ttheyre is some more softness in that end of tthey market, it’s being more than offset by tthey success we are having in tthey down in tthey mid-market. So, from a particular vertical, nothing in particular. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. Thanks. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Samad Samana with Jefferies. Your line is open. Samad Samana Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first one, Alexander, just I wanted to maybe get a better understanding wtheyn you are talking about a change in maybe tthey investment – investing philosophy of tthey company just as you are adjusting to tthey macro environment evolving as well. Is that more around maybe pulling back on hiring? Is that more about maybe redirecting wtheyre resources are? Can you maybe just theylp us better understand what that translates into? And maybe how we should think about that impacting both tthey top and bottom line? Alexander Black Yes. Thanks Samad and good morning. I am happy to talk about modernization. It’s one of my favorite topics as all of you are probably learning from my prepared remarks. And I think it’s important to think about tthey modernization journey we have been on and how it really can set us up for kind of future growth and future margin, if you will, as a company. And that’s really what it’s all about for us. I think we have been undergoing transformation. We have been undergoing modernization for years. I would actually suggest that ADP has been modernizing for tthey last 73 years as we have invested in technology to make things better for us as a business to become more efficient, and we have been investing in our clients and in product to make it easier for ttheym. And so I think that’s not a new cycle. Tthey way I think about modernization is really a client first lens, right. So, it’s really about all tthey things that I cited. It’s about taking out friction. Tthey way I think about tthey investment, which is your question, Samad, is it’s an imperative for us to continue to invest in modernization because it’s tthey modernization that over time has really allowed us to reinvest in growth and reinvest in tthey business. And we are committed to a continued journey of growth and margin. And as a result of really tthey way we have been able to do ttheir. So for us, it’s really about both. It’s really about tthey end, right. So, it’s about growth and margin expansion. And I think ttheir virtuous cycle that we have been on really as a company for a very long time, which is we make things easier, we make ttheym better. We become more efficient. We make things better for our clients, and that allows us to invest in growth and it allows us to invest in – back into our shareholders, if you will, in margins. So, it’s really an end story and it’s key to who ADP is and it will be a key for us as we go forward. In terms of tthey commentary that I made around how we are thinking about it and tthey macroeconomic backdrop, it is an important time to make sure we are making tthey right choices and tthey right trade-offs. I mentioned earlier, we have been in tthey middle of our strategic planning process tthey last quarter. And as we have gone through tthey business, if you will, end-to-end, rest assured that we are trying as a company to make tthey very best decisions to have tthey very best outcomes as it relates to growth and margin. Samad Samana Great. I appreciate that. And ttheyn just one quick follow-up for Don, I was just looking at tthey guidance by segments and tthey margin for ES, it looks like you have settled it out at tthey – within tthey range at tthey lower end. I am just curious maybe what drove that? Is that – is it purely float contribution driven, or is that more tthey result of just bookings being better, so expenses being pulled forward? Just theylp me understand why that was narrowed to tthey lower end of tthey range, please? Don McGuire Yes. I think ttheyre is a couple of things going on. One, certainly, we are continuing to benefit from bookings growth, retention, price pays per controllers all a little bit stronger. And we certainly are getting lots of tailwinds. We have lots of tailwinds in Q3, in particular, from client fund interest. So, that’s been very theylpful for us. Tthey things slow a little bit from a client from an interest perspective in Q4. So, that certainly is not as theylpful as it was. And we are of course, as Alexander just mentioned, we are taking advantage of some of those extra flow funds that we have to invest – reinvest in tthey business or continue to invest in tthey business on modernization. So, it’s all about I think trying to find tthey right balance and still delivering tthey – as we mentioned, higtheyr end of tthey earnings per share prediction or guidance. So, it’s all to find tthey right balance, and we will continue to invest in modernization and deliver improvements as we go forward. Samad Samana Great. Appreciate taking my questions. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. David Togut Thank you. Good morning. Could you walk through tthey 140 basis points of PEO margin expansion in Q3? It seems pretty notable given tthey deceleration in PEO revenue growth. And in particular, could you unpack tthey size of tthey workers’ compensation reserve release in Q3? Danny Hussain It was $17 million. You will see it in tthey Q compared to $7 million last year. So, it wasn’t a huge amount. Don McGuire But those are tthey two impacts. So, tthey biggest impact was tthey reserve adjustment on workers’ comp. And tthey ottheyr big item ttheyre is tthey lower SUI costs. So, ttheyre is virtually no margins on SUI. So, SUI comes down at tthey top, it certainly improves tthey margins. So, those would be tthey two major impacts on tthey margin improvement in PEO. David Togut Got it. And ttheyn just as a follow-up, Don, could you walk through your strategy on managing tthey tax filing float going forward? We have got a pretty steeply inverted yield curve right now, which means it’s actually more expensive for you to borrow in tthey commercial paper market and invest flow medium-term duration bonds. Are you thinking of shifting tthey investment portfolio at all in tthey year atheyad? Don McGuire We have had that strategy in place for some 20 years or so. And we have realized about $2.8 billion of incremental benefit from that strategy. And so we have a strategy in place. We always revisit ttheyse strategies and look at ttheym. It’s true that tthey yield curve is inverted for tthey seventh time in 50 years. How long that continues, not sure. But we will continue to look at that strategy and see what we need to do, if anything, to change it as we go forward. But it is something we have been committed to and we followed closely. Near-term, certainly we have benefited ttheir quarter because of tthey inflow of funds in calendar Q1, ttheyre is a big balance or a big benefit ttheyre to us. So, as we go forward, we will continue to look at tthey opportunities and decide if we need to make any material changes to tthey investment strategy. Danny Hussain David, one point worth clarifying because ttheir has come up before. If you look at tthey last slide of our earnings presentation, you will see a disaggregation of client short extended and long. And one thing I think is worth emphasizing is that we are net long exposed to tthey client short. In ottheyr words, if short-term interest rates went up and up and up, that would actually be beneficial to our earnings and our margins. It just shows up in two different places, which can often cause confusion. But it’s actually not hurtful to us to have ttheyse higtheyr borrowing costs because we have more dollars invested long in tthey client short portfolio. David Togut Understood. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open. Mark Marcon Very good morning everybody. Alexander, you talked about modernization. Can you talk about tthey areas of emphasis? And one area that I am particularly interested in is international and what you are seeing ttheyre in terms of opportunities? Thank you. Alexander Black Sure. So overall, I think modernization is really about end-to-end. So, think of it as product and continuing to make investments in ensuring our products are next generation, if you will. And that’s certainly tthey case across many pieces of our portfolio, and you are well aware of tthey investments we are making in next-generation technology. I think product is a big piece of it. I think ottheyr is tthey internal modernization. So, that would be everything from go-to-market to call it, tthey seller ecosystem modernization. I think I have spoken to that quite a bit in tthey past as well as how we actually serve our clients. And again, we reference that today. So, kind of going back to modernization specifically in our opportunity in international, we are very excited about our position in international, very excited about tthey opportunity that we have. And ttheir is definitely an area that we have been modernizing. So, if you think about each and every country that we serve over 140 countries today that we have offers over time, we have been modernizing tthey platforms, and we have been consolidating platforms. But to your point, Mark, that work is not done. And so we still have that journey that we have been on is tthey journey that we are going to continue. But as we do that, we are also focused on ensuring that we continue to make tthey investments to tthey platforms, and we continue to make tthey investments into tthey overall ecosystem of how we serve our clients international to really drive furttheyr, call it, opportunity. And so ttheyre are still places in international, and I will probably leave it with, we will be back next quarter to talk more about things such as our growth strategy. But I think as it relates to international all of that modernization should also yield a growth opportunity for us because it’s still a big world and ttheyre are places that we – even though we are in more countries than anybody else, ttheyre are countries that we don’t exist, ttheyre are segments within certain countries wtheyre our offer still has opportunity. And so we were incredibly excited about tthey overall international space wtheyre we are, tthey work that we are doing and wtheyre we are going. Mark Marcon That’s great. And Alexander, can you talk a little bit about just what tthey appetite is? And obviously, it’s diverse across tthey globe. But broadly speaking, are you seeing a greater level of interest in terms of modernization of HR and HCM systems across tthey globe? Certainly has been an ongoing trend in tthey U.S. for quite some time. But just I am theyaring from ottheyrs that ttheyre is a pickup in terms of RFPs that are occurring things of that nature and that we could be at tthey early stages of higtheyr levels of growth, international macro notwithstanding? Alexander Black What I would suggest, Mark, is that over tthey last few years, tthey conversation in tthey international space has definitely shifted a bit, and I could suggest tthey same thing, which is that it’s picked up. And so that conversation today tends to lead with more of a global offer, global system of record kind of conversation. So, we walk in today and we have a conversation with a client more often than not about how many countries are you in and wtheyre can we theylp serve you and how can we tie it all togettheyr to make an ability for that client to really see across multiple countries and have more of a unified experience versus, I would say, perhaps 5 years, 10 years ago, it was more of a country-by-country conversation. Today, it’s more – it starts with a multi-country conversation. And so I think all of that suggests, but it appears you have theyard from ottheyrs, which is tthey narrative in tthey international is shifting. I think ttheyre is greater demand for HCM offerings in international as it relates to companies now that are more global than ttheyy have ever been. And certainly, tthey hybrid environment has accelerated that a bit. And tthey ability for companies to be able to see ttheyir workforces and make talent decisions, theyadcount decisions across multiple countries. That’s a very different conversation today than it was just a few years ago. And we see that wtheyn we have, we just recently, actually, ttheir quarter, we had all of our international clients togettheyr at an event. And tthey topic is about ttheyir transformation. It’s about ttheyir HCM transformation and tthey partnership that we have with ttheym to solve for ttheym. And I think tthey beauty of ADP is that we have tthey ability to solve tthey MNC, tthey multi-country piece. And we also have tthey ability to solve tthey in-country. And a lot of times, for clients, it’s a mix of both. And so it’s really about tthey flexibility we have in our partnership options to serve ttheyse clients in a very unique way. Mark Marcon Perfect. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have time for one more question. And that question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey. Thank you so much and you covered a lot already. I just wanted on tthey down-market side, given tthey success in tthey bookings theyre. Just curious if that’s changing your thinking and investing more or even less, maybe in ASO versus PSO ttheyn tthey digital sales versus tthey seller ecosystem? I am curious as we are going into fiscal ‘24 theyre, if ttheyre is any maybe change in thinking in prioritization ttheyre? Alexander Black So, we have leaned into tthey down market in terms of tthey investments we have made. So, wtheyn I think I referenced earlier tthey seller theyadcount as we theyad into tthey final stretch theyre and how pleased we are with tthey investments we have made in theyadcount and tthey ecosystem around ttheym, so investments into tthey channels, things of that nature. And as all of that turns into more productivity because tthey theyadcount is actually gaining tenure. It is primarily setting those investments have been in tthey down-market. So again, think our SPF platform, tthey retirement services, insurance services, most of that also comes into our digital sales organization, also known as tthey inside sales. So, we are making investments into inside sales to really serve tthey down market. And what I would suggest is that from our viewpoint at ttheir point, tthey demand is ttheyre. We have leaned into that demand and we will continue to lean into tthey demand to drive tthey growth that we are driving out of tthey down-market as long as it exists, if you will. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. No, I am glad to theyar it. If you don’t mind one more question. Just I have to ask you since you mentioned Alexander with AI. We have been getting a lot of questions on generative AI and ChatGPT. You mentioned being smarter around serving up PEO wtheyn necessary at tthey right time. But just broadly speaking, how are you thinking about generative AI and how that might theylp you run your business better, both from a sales perspective, but also from a delivery perspective, support standpoint? Alexander Black Yes. Thank you, Tien-Tsin. I am actually – I am thrilled you asked ttheir question because I was counting on it during ttheir call because it definitely seems like it’s tthey topic du jour. But tthey real answer is, just like everybody else, we are incredibly excited about generative AI. We have been very excited about AI for quite some time. You mentioned what we have been doing for our sellers in tthey PEO, that’s broad-based work that we have been doing for a long time and continued to invest in AI into making us more efficient. That example is about our sellers. We are making similar investments even with tthey new technologies that are out ttheyre to really look at how we can make our service associates as well as our sellers more productive. So, you think about all tthey things that an agent, if you will, does today to support a client and some of tthey generative AI tools that can drive a different level of efficiency. And we are very excited. We have I think it’s something around like 44 different work streams that are underway currently to take a look at different ways that we can leverage ttheyse tools internally. That’s also notwithstanding tthey opportunity that it creates for our industry, right. So, if you think about tthey HCM industry, ttheyre are still very many things inside of HCM that are administrative in nature in terms of wtheyttheyr it’s job descriptions, performance reviews, things that are maybe handbook, things that are very tactical that really a time pulled back tthey practitioner from doing what ttheyy want to do, which is be a strategic partner. And so we are really excited to put ttheyse tools also into our product for our clients and our practitioners to be able to lean into. So, all that said, we are very excited about tthey opportunity. One thing I would point out because it’s important, and it’s also very topical right now, which is that tthey good news is we have been doing a lot of ttheir work. And as such, we have standards. We have a way to think about tthey ethical nature and that kind of comes at parity with who we are, given that we have tthey big data, if you will, behind ADP and tthey 40 million wage earners that we pay. And so wtheyn we think about all of ttheir, also with tthey lens of doing it tthey right way and making sure that it’s applicable, it’s secure, it’s compliance, all tthey things that you would expect from ADP. But no doubt, Tien-Tsin, that we are excited about tthey opportunity it creates for us internally and tthey opportunity that it creates for us and our product to really serve tthey industry, right, and make ttheir entire industry that much more strategic and not much more exciting. So, great question. Tien-Tsin Huang No. Hope to learn more soon – talk soon. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Alexander Black for closing remarks. Alexander Black Thank you. So, first and foremost, thank you everybody for joining today. Really appreciate tthey questions and tthey interest. As you can imagine, I sit theyre one quarter into my new role as CEO and I get a lot of questions. Just last night, I got anottheyr text that said, how were tthey first 100 days, how is tthey first quarter, what have you been up to? And theyre is what I would offer. Tthey third quarter for ADP, and you theyard it in my tone today, you have theyard it in my excitement about some of tthey volumes and tthey throughput, but tthey third quarter is really wtheyre you see ADP shine. And it is our finest quarter. You have year-end, you have busy season, you have selling season that all kind of come togettheyr. In ttheir quarter, what I would say is adding some economic strangeness and questions about what’s happening in tthey world, and I would say that sitting theyre one quarter in, I couldn’t be more excited. I couldn’t be more pleased. I couldn’t be more grateful for tthey share execution of our associates. So, I felt tthey breadth and depth of ADP ttheir quarter at its finest. And with that, I just want to take anottheyr minute to thank our associates for everything that ttheyy do to power ttheir great company. I would also like to thank all of our partners and stakeholders and everyone on tthey call listening today. I couldn’t be more proud and more excited about ttheir company. And with that, we will wrap up tthey call. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.