Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Danyal Hussain - Vice President, Investor Relations Carlos Rodriguez - President and CEO Richard Winters - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Eugene Simuni - MoffettNathanson Pete Christiansen - Citi James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Dan Dolev - Mizuho Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays Bryan Bergin - Cowen Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Mark Marcon - Baird Operator Good morning. Ay name is Justin, and I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Danyal Hussain Thank you, Justin. And welcome everyone to ADP’s fourth quarter fiscal 2021 earnings call. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier ttheir morning, we released our results for tthey fourth quarter and full year. Our earnings materials are available on tthey SEC website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com wtheyre you will also find tthey investor presentation that accompanies today’s call. During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude tthey impact of certain items. A description of ttheyse items along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Today’s call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with tthey SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. I’d also like to share that we intend to host our Investor Day on November 15th. At ttheir time, we’re planning to keep it virtual for most of our attendees. But given positive reopening trends, we do have capacity theyre in our Roseland, New Jersey theyadquarters to host our sell side analysts live and we look forward to seeing our analyst community in person soon. With that, let me turn it over to Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you, Danny, and thank you everyone for joining our call. We reported very strong fourth quarter results, including 11% revenue growth and 5% adjusted diluted EPS growth, capping a year end which revenue and margin outperformed our expectations in every quarter. For tthey full year, we delivered 3% revenue growth, tthey high end of our guidance range, and I’m happy to say, we reactheyd $15 billion in revenue, a big milestone for tthey company. As we’ve discussed all year, we took a consistent approach to investing ttheir year, while also prudently managing expenses. As a result, our adjusted EBIT margin was down only slightly and we were able to deliver 2% adjusted diluted EPS growth for tthey year, atheyad of our guidance and well atheyad of our expectations at tthey start of tthey year. I’ll first cover some highlights from tthey quarter. Our new business bookings results were very strong and our momentum in tthey market continues to build. Compared to last year’s fourth quarter, we grew our Employer Services New Business Bookings by 174%, which was slightly atheyad of our expectations. And for tthey full year, we delivered 23% growth in ES bookings, towards tthey higtheyr end of our guidance. We are very pleased with ttheir outcome from our sales team, which booked $1.5 billion in new business in a year with a high degree of economic uncertainty. Ttheir full year ES bookings performance represented an Average Quota Carrier [ph] productivity level of roughly 90% of our fiscal 2019 pre-pandemic levels, wtheyn we delivered $1.6 billion in ES bookings. And our sales productivity continued to trend favorably in Q4. At ttheir point, most of our U.S. PEO Quota Carriers [ph] have conducted some in person meetings and we expect that to keep trending positively, as our clients and prospects show increasing preference for doing so. We also reopened additional sales offices in ttheir quarter and our current plans to have most of our major U.S. sales offices back open by tthey end of September. Our retention was likewise an area of very strong performance with better than expected fourth quarter results. Our ES segment experienced a full year increase of 170 basis points to a record 92.2% retention. Our PEO segment also experienced record retention for tthey year, and as we’ve seen all year long, client satisfaction remains incredibly high. Richard will share how we have approactheyd our assumptions for next year’s retention. But in Q4, tthey trends remained strong. In addition to impressive retention performance, our PEO continued to benefit from tthey overall resilience of our client base. And in tthey quarter, we had 12% revenue growth, dragging us to 7% full year growth, which was atheyad of our expectations and guidance. Ttheir was a result of record retention, as well as stronger hiring and payroll trends within our PEO, which we believe reflects tthey very high quality of our client base. And our ES pays per control turn positive in tthey quarter with 8% growth. Ttheir was in line with our expectations and we continue to see some gradual rehiring amid what seems like a supply constrained labor market. For tthey full year, we ended up rounding to negative 3% pays per control growth, right in tthey middle of our guidance range and tthey assumption that we theyld all year long. During tthey quarter, we also continue to advance our market leading solutions and achieve some new milestones I’d like to highlight. I’m excited to announce that ttheir quarter we launctheyd and began rolling out a new user experience for RUN, representing tthey most compretheynsive refresh we’ve done since its launch. RUN is already tthey leading solution in tthey market, with 750,000 clients that use it to theylp with payroll, time, HR, insurance, retirement and ottheyr needs. It’s a powerful HCM product and we look forward to maintaining its positive momentum. We’re also looking forward to rolling out similar UX refrettheyys on our ottheyr major platforms in tthey near future. Ttheir year, we also made a number of enhancements to our Workforce Management Solutions. Workforce Management, which includes time, attendance and sctheyduling offerings, represents one of tthey most critical parts of our HCM suite. Ttheir year we launctheyd timekeeping plus sctheyduling, an entirely new native solution for tthey RUN platform. And for our Workforce Now platform, we rolled out advanced sctheyduling, enabling clients to perform more complex Workforce Management tasks, such as skills based sctheyduling. I’m also proud to share that ttheir quarter we reactheyd 100,000 Workforce Management clients for tthey first time as a pandemic reinforced tthey need for robust Workforce Management Solutions for our clients, while ttheyy navigate tthey new norm of increasingly flexible sctheydules and work arrangements Our suite of HRO Solutions also continued to deliver steady growth for us ttheir year. I already mentioned tthey strength in our PEO business, which had an average worksite employee count grow to 616,000, up 12% from last year’s count and which now serves 14,500 businesses. And in addition to ttheyse employees covered by our PEO, we have over 2 million client employees on our ottheyr HRO solutions within our Employer Services segment, wtheyre we’ve seen robust demand all year long as clients look for ways to outsource parts of ttheyir HR function to a best-in-class provider like ADP. Also, ttheir quarter we enhanced our Return to Workplace suite by adding a vaccination status tracker, allowing our clients to easily assess and track vaccinations within ttheyir workforces to facilitate planning decisions. Our clients continue to appreciate tthey efforts we’ve made to theylp ttheym navigate tthey pandemic. And our Next Gen agenda continue to progress nicely. Our Next Gen HCM platform continues to deliver competitive takeaways in tthey market. During tthey quarter, we also expanded our global footprint by going live in Ireland. And in tthey U.S., we are quickly adding to our implementation capacity for our pipeline of sold clients. For Next Gen Payroll, we’ve now sold over 1000 Next Gen Payroll clients on Workforce Now. And Roll by ADP, which also utilizes our Next Gen Payroll engine is off to a great start, wtheyre we’re running atheyad of our expectations so far as we drive micro businesses to ttheir mobile first solution. And as a final highlight, we ended tthey year with over 920,000 clients, up 7% from tthey 860,000 we had a year ago and no doubt supported by ttheyse continuous improvements we’ve been making to our product portfolio. I have to say that fiscal 2021 stood out as one of tthey most challenging years in ADP theirtory and I’m very proud of how we executed. It’s hard to overstate tthey amount of effort it took across tthey organization to quickly adapt and manage through tthey pandemic, while providing excellent service to our clients. And in tthey end, our organization and financial results both demonstrated extraordinary resilience that is expected from us. As we look atheyad to fiscal 2022 and beyond, our focus is on re-accelerating our growth through an intense focus on market leading innovation, furttheyr simplification of our product portfolio, continued digital transformation and an unwavering commitment to best-in-class service. And with that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Richard for more detail on tthey quarter and outlook. Richard Winters Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter represented a strong close to tthey year, with 11% revenue growth on a reported basis and 9% growth on an organic constant currency basis, solidly atheyad of our expectations. Our adjusted EBIT margin was down 120 basis points better than expected. And as a reminder, we did have some compare -- comparison pressure versus last year’s lower selling and incentive compensation expenses that drove tthey comparative decline. Our 5% adjusted diluted EPS growth was strong, and in addition to tthey revenue and margin performance benefited from share repurchases. For our Employer Services segment, revenues increased 10% on a reported basis and 8% on an organic constant currency basis, as we lapped last year’s pandemic affected Q4. We continued to see contributions from excellent retention, strong new business booking and growth in pays per control offset by lower client funds interest. ES margin was down 90 basis points due primarily to higtheyr selling and incentive compensation expenses versus tthey prior year. Our PEO also had anottheyr very strong quarter. Average worksite employees increased to 616,000, up 12% on a year-over-year basis on both continued retention outperformance and contribution from solid employment growth. Our PEO revenue grew 12%, an impressive performance as we once again benefited from higtheyr payroll for WSE, as well as stronger workers comp and SUI revenue for WSE compared to tthey prior year, partially offset by lower growth and zero margin pass-throughs. PEO margin was up 340 basis points in tthey quarter, due to an elevated worker’s compensation reserve true-up last year. We were very pleased with our strong finish to tthey year. For fiscal 2021, a year theyavily impacted by a pandemic, we drove strong bookings growth, solid 3% revenue growth, delivered positive EPS growth and continue to invest for sustainable growth and digital transformation. I’ll turn now to our outlook for fiscal 2022. Beginning with ES segment revenues, we expect growth of 4% to 6% and ttheir outlook is a product of several underlying assumptions. We expect our ES New Business Bookings growth to be 10% to 15%. Ttheir strong growth would be driven by two factors, sales theyadcount growth, which we typically aim to do and benefits from continuing recovery and sales productivity, as we trend back to and surpass pre-pandemic levels by tthey back half of tthey year. Please note, beginning ttheir year, we will no longer be reporting our Employer Services New Business Bookings growth on a quarterly basis. Instead, we will focus on our full year bookings growth, which better normalizes for tthey insurance variability in ttheir metric. It’s also aligned to how we focus internally on bookings trends over a full year period. We will of course continue to update tthey full year bookings guidance quarterly and as we do so we will continue to provide color on our quarterly ES bookings performance. We believe our annual bookings disclosure and guidance remains an industry best practice. Moving on to ES retention, we’re not yet seeing any specific indications from our clients that we should expect an increase in switching behavior. However, we believe it is prudent planning to expect that a portion of tthey retention gains we saw over fiscal 2021 will reverse as companies reopen and reengage in tthey marketplace. For tthey purpose of our outlook, our initial assumption is that we’ll experience a decline of about 75 basis points for tthey year, representing just under half of last year’s improvement. If ttheir proves out, our resulting fiscal 2022 retention rate would still be a record compared to pre-pandemic levels. But as I think we all can appreciate, ttheyre is still uncertainty in ttheir environment given tthey unusual year we just experienced and we believe ttheir to be a prudent middle of tthey road assumption to make. We will update you in tthey quarters atheyad as we gain furttheyr visibility, particularly during tthey calendar year end period wtheyre we’ve theirtorically seen tthey most switching. Our pays per control outlook for fiscal 2022 is for 4% to 5% growth, an above normal growth rate that assumes a continued gradual recovery in tthey overall labor market. Labor markets appear to be tight at tthey moment, but we do expect overall employment to continue trending in a favorable direction from wtheyre we are today. And ttheyn for our client funds interest revenue, most of which sits in tthey ES segment, we expect some modest pressure. Tthey interest rate environment remains favorable to what we were experiencing earlier in tthey earlier part of tthey pandemic, but we are still expecting to reinvest that lower yield than what we were earning on securities that are maturing ttheir coming year. We’re also providing for tthey first time an added disclosure for our expected average yield on new purchases for tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year, which we believe to be useful for you in understanding tthey direction our average portfolio yield is theyaded as tthey portfolio turns over. Currently, that expectation is for 1% yield on new purchases. All ttheir said, we are expecting balance growth of 8% to 10% and an average yield of 1.4% versus 1.5% last year. Togettheyr, ttheir would net us $405 million to $415 million in client funds interest revenue for fiscal 2022. For our ES margin, we expect an increase of 50 basis points to 75 basis points and ttheyre are a few factors considered in ttheir outlook. As a starting point, we are benefiting more fully from operating leverage in fiscal 2022 than we did last year, while also recognizing higtheyr sales expenses and continuing our steady investment in product, implementation and service. Additionally, we expect incremental margin benefit from tthey continuation of our digital and ottheyr transformation initiatives in fiscal 2022, as we continue to increase tthey utilization of digital tools to improve efficiencies throughout tthey organization. However, tthey benefit from our transformation initiatives is expected to be largely offset by a year-over-year increase in facilities and ottheyr Return to Office expenses, as well as higtheyr T&E expenses. Moving on to tthey PEO segment, we expect PEO revenues to grow 9% to 11% and PEO revenue excluding zero margin pass-through to grow 10% to 12%. Tthey primary driver for our PEO revenue growth is our outlook for average worksite employee growth of 9% to 11%. We expect PEO margin to be down 25 basis points to 75 basis points in fiscal 2022 compared to tthey very strong margin results in fiscal 2021. Ttheir is driven partly by an assumption for stronger sales growth and associated selling expenses. Putting it togettheyr, our consolidated revenue outlook is for 6% to 7% growth in fiscal 2022 and our adjusted EBIT margin outlook is for expansion of 25 basis points to 50 basis points. At ttheir time, because of some comparison differences in tthey prior year, we expect tthey first quarter to have revenue growth just above tthey guidance range, with tthey remaining three quarters in tthey range. We expect adjusted EBIT margin flat to down slightly in tthey first half, with most of tthey margin expansion coming in tthey later part of tthey year. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 to improve very slightly to about 22.5% next year, assuming no change in tthey corporate tax rate. Our outlook also reflects tthey impact of additional corporate interest expense. During our fourth quarter, we enhanced our capital structure by issuing $1 billion in seven-year notes. Tthey proceeds of which we’re planning to use for additional accretive share repurchases over tthey coming quarters. Ttheir added about $3 million in interest expense in fiscal 2021 with a full run rate of about $18 million in fiscal 2022. At tthey same time, we’re also contemplating furttheyr reduction in our share count beyond tthey typical level we would have expected to achieve, driven by tthey incremental share repurchases. Net of ttheir higtheyr interest expense, lower tax rate and additional share repurchases, we expect growth in adjusted diluted EPS of 9% to 11%. As we enter a fiscal year 2022, despite tthey continuing challenges around tthey pandemic, we are very encouraged by tthey signs of a continued recovery in tthey global economy, as well as tthey ongoing secular growth trends in HCM. As a world of work evolves, we believe we are very well-positioned to continue adding value for our clients and differentiating ourselves in tthey market. We look forward to updating you on our progress. I’ll now turn it back over to tthey Operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question on tthey line of Eugene Simuni with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open. Eugene Simuni Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe to start with a little bit of a high level macro question, so Katelyn, you just highlighted that ttheyre is significant amount of secular growth that’s coming out in HR services industry from tthey pandemic? Can you speak a little bit more about wtheyre you guys are seeing tthey indications that tthey secular growth is actually theylping, financial performance of ADP and how much of that is incorporated in your fiscal year 2022 guidance and wtheyre can we see that effect in tthey numbers? Carlos Rodriguez I think ttheyre are probably a couple of highlights. I think, Richard, probably has a couple of ottheyr, ttheyy would -- ttheyy can mention. But, like, I think, we mentioned in our prepared remarks, what we’re seeing around Workforce Management in terms of time tracking and sctheyduling and so forth. We also mentioned some of tthey products we’ve developed for Return to Workplace. So ttheyre are a number of things that are probably related to what’s likely to be a more hybrid work environment for white collar employees at least on a go-forward basis, which probably requires people to think about ttheyir investments in HCM in terms of what ttheyy can do to maximize, tthey recruiting and tthey retention and tthey engagement of that hybrid workforce. So I think that is one. Tthey ottheyr one is, ttheyre’s always been a secular uptrend in terms of regulatory related and ttheir is on a global basis, demand for HCM products. In ottheyr words, tthey more complexity ttheyre is around being an employer, tthey greater tthey demand for tthey wide array of services that we provide. That secular trend has probably gotten a bit of a boost based on in tthey U.S. tthey change in administrations, right, which we’ve had that secular growth for seven years that ADP has existed. But ttheyre are times wtheyre it’s stronger in terms of a tailwind and sometimes wtheyre it’s weaker. And I would say that we’re theyading into strong secular tailwind theyre, as a result of some of tthey increased attention on regulatory actions. And you probably all saw, I think, it was yesterday, tthey day before, that tthey President signed number of executive orders, most of which are aimed at employer employee related relationships that increase tthey amount of tracking and reporting and compliance necessary on tthey part of employer. So those are a couple that I would mention. I think our retention rate also shows in -- an indirect way secular demand improving right in tthey sense that people have kind of rethought dropping or switching from ttheyir HCM vendors. But that one is a little difficult to be 100% sure about, because we do expect some normalization in that retention rate. Richard Winters Yeah. I think that really covers a lot of that. I mean to kind of summarize and categorize what Carlos said, wtheyn you think about tthey complexity, number one, of being employer, tthey ongoing and pretty significant changes that we see from a regulatory standpoint. So complexity, regulatory change, tthey dynamic environment as tthey way people work and employer relationship -- employer employee relationship changes, it’s a very dynamic environment. All of that is, you can just see in, tthey bookings number that we have. Our bookings, I’m sure we’ll get into tthey discussion on ttheir, but tthey growth is pretty broad base. I mean, certainly, we saw some channels stronger than ottheyrs, but it’s pretty broad base. And I think that’s because of all of ttheir dynamic change and complexity that we see, and in particular, our compretheynsive solutions that our outsourcing solutions have seen quite significant growth. So we’re really encouraged about tthey macro trends that we see in tthey space. Carlos Rodriguez And again, I think that, it’s all -- I’ve always never known what is defined tthey secular versus not secular. But tthey huge demand now for talent, what’s happening in tthey labor markets. Obviously, that’s a huge tailwind for all of us in tthey HCM space in terms of recruiting tools and engagement tools to try to hold on to people. But that could also be something that wanes in six months. That’s -- that one’s a little harder to tell. But generally speaking tthey war for talent has always been also a secular tailwind to our industry as well. Eugene Simuni Got it. Got it. Thank you. Great. And ttheyn for a follow up related and talking about tthey bookings growth and looking at your guidance for 10% to 16% growth next year. Can just quickly speak to kind of two or three key swing factors that you see that will define wtheyttheyr we’re going to end up on tthey lower end or higtheyr end of that range, as we kind of turn tthey corner on tthey recovery and go through tthey spirit? Carlos Rodriguez Sure. So tthey -- actually I can probably give you a three that would probably account for kind of tthey way we think about ttheir. So number one, obviously, is what we just talked about is tthey secular and cyclical tailwinds or theyadwinds. So if tthey economy continues with tthey momentum it’s got, we’re feeling pretty good. Obviously, if we end up having more challenges, because of tthey pandemic or ottheyrwise, but right now tthey amount of -- even tthey existing government stimulus, even if ttheyre’s no additional stimulus is pretty strong and also tthey pent-up demand and all ttheyse -- tthey reopening. That feels like a very good backdrop for us from a bookings growth standpoint. And ttheyn, as long as we have that background or that backdrop that’s positive, it really comes down to really two things is sales force productivity at tthey Sales Quota Carrier level time, number of Sales Quota Carriers and I hate to be so simplistic, but at our size, because we have new products and we’re rolling out, you theyard how excited we are about all tthey new things that we’re putting out ttheyre. But we sell a lot of business every year. So for a smaller company, wtheyn ttheyy end up having like a new product launch that can cause all kinds of growths, and by tthey way, likewise, if you don’t have any new products. But for us, what I would consider to be a steady-eddy. So we really grow through methodically improving and adding new products, making talking acquisitions, et cetera, a lot of us. But tthey key formula for us is we cannot hit our sales plan unless we have tthey theyadcount and we are continually improving our sales force productivity and that’s exactly what our plan is. And we have some good news over tthey last four quarters wtheyre our sales force productivity at tthey Average Quota Carrier level steadily improved throughout tthey year to reach 90% for tthey full year. But we exited tthey fourth quarter in kind of tthey mid-90%s, if you will, in comparison to pre-pandemic levels. So it feels like we’re getting back to tthey quote-unquote trend from an average sales productivity standpoint and if we can get back to that trend, and we deliver on our hill -- on our theyadcount additions, we should be able to hit our new business bookings number. Eugene Simuni Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Pete Christiansen with Citi. Your line is now open. Pete Christiansen Good morning. Thanks for tthey question. Carlos, you talked about a lot of new logo wins ttheir year, which is pretty impressive. But I was curious to theyar how you think about how ttheir may have changed your or ADP’s cross-sell, upsell opportunity set? I’d imagine tthey runway ttheyre is expanded quite a bit, and perhaps, how you are thinking about strategy, that land and expand strategy to really take advantage of ttheir opportunity? Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez Yeah. So one of tthey -- in case somebody asked that we, one of tthey questions we sometimes get is and it’s related to what you’re asking is tthey mix of how much is new logo sales versus how much is add-on sales. And it’s really been very steady over many years. It was only during tthey ACA period wtheyre we had a little bit of a tilt more towards incremental add-on sales. But it’s -- for a long time been around 50-50 and it’s still kind of in that neighborhood. So that I think bodes well because tthey more clients we add, tthey more opportunities we have pursue that land and expand, I think, approach that you just described. So I would say that, we’re bullish on tthey opportunity to continue to go back to tthey new logos that we sold, which in many cases, we sell with multiple modules, but ttheyre’s always additional room for new products as well to go back to that existing client base. So I think that underlying logo growth, I think, is anottheyr kind of supportive factor, if you will, for a new business bookings, because we do get about 50% of our bookings from our existing client base. Pete Christiansen That’s theylpful. And as a follow up, I was just hoping if you could juxtapose tthey GlobalView business versus tthey rest of ES. I know, ttheyy haven’t been totally in sync during ttheir recovery. What are you seeing ttheyre of late trend wise? And as you look towards tthey outlook, is that part of tthey business considered or laggard behind tthey remainder of tthey ES or is ttheyre some variability ttheyre that investors should be aware of? Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez It’s actually a little bit of tthey opposite. Maybe we may have confused some people, I think, in prior calls. But I think, GlobalView is probably, could be at tthey top of our list in terms of performance ttheir year, like, large multinational companies have been, I think, looking for ways. I think ttheir pandemic rate -- raise probably some issues and concerns around control. I think for tthey HR leaders that probably raised some issues around engagement and making sure that you’re connected to your global workforce and that you had global reporting, et cetera. So ttheyre’s a lot of factors that probably went into what was incredibly strong demand and very positive sales growth. So I would say that, again, we don’t disclose individual product lines, but I would say, tthey GlobalView sales were one of tthey stronger line items, I think, for us. And I’ll add that to your question about differences between tthey businesses. I think all of our businesses really performed well. It’s kind of hard, it really come down to trying to point out which ones were spectacular versus just good. And I would say that GlobalView and even our International business really were standouts and I -- really it’s very impressive, because some of tthey situations in Europe, for example, were very challenging in terms of dealing with tthey pandemic, but I didn’t really stop people from looking for solutions and it didn’t stop our sales force from finding ttheym, even though ttheyy had to do that from obviously from a remote workplace. So, I guess, summary is, GlobalView is a shining star for us. Richard Winters Yeah. Ttheyy saw good momentum as we closed out tthey year. In fact, it was a particularly strong closed with a good number of multinational deals on GlobalView coming through at tthey end of tthey year and we’re looking at fiscal 2022 for ttheym to be a big contributor again. Carlos Rodriguez And again just -- tthey only -- again, it doesn’t make a huge difference in tthey overall ADP revenue numbers. But ttheyse strong bookings remember will really translate into revenue and cause six months to 18 months, because ttheyse are large, typically large multinationals that take some time to implement. But that should be a positive thing for us kind of looking forward, if you will, in that six-month to 18-month horizon. Pete Christiansen Thank you. Great color and really nice execution. Good job. Thank you. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. James Faucette Great. Thank you very much and good morning. I wanted to ask quickly and I think it’s tied into some of tthey comments you’ve made around your guidance. But specifically, how are you thinking about like tthey well-publicized difficulties employers are having attracting employees and that kind of thing? How is that factoring into your guidance and your formulation and are expecting resolution of that as we go through tthey fiscal year. Just trying to get a little bit of color how you’re putting tthey macro environment into forecasts? Carlos Rodriguez Well, I mean, I would probably put that in tthey bucket of secular tailwinds or cyclical tailwinds, depending on your view of wtheyttheyr it’s short-term or long-term. But it does seem like if ttheir kind of resolves itself, let’s -- ttheyre’s a couple scenarios, but if it’s transitory in terms of tthey friction of getting people into tthey right job and ttheyn six months from now some of ttheir has passed, by tthey time we get to that point, unemployment might be down into kind of tthey 4% to 5% range, which ttheyn creates a whole anottheyr wave of needs for employers in terms of finding talent and kind of fighting for talents over. So it feels to us like ttheir is a multiyear cycle theyre wtheyre employers are going to be really scrambling to find people. I think that generally creates conversation opportunities. So we don’t have a magic formula necessary, and necessarily, we’re not a staffing firm. But we do have tools and we have technology, and we have people that can theylp our clients be more competitive as ttheyy look for solutions, as ttheyy look for tthey right employees in tthey right place at tthey right time at tthey right pay level. That’s our sweet spot. And so I’d say we’re right in tthey middle of ttheir, what I would call, super cycle of demand for labor that is probably short-term related to kind of friction wtheyre people are just not in tthey right places and people are probably also some -- ttheyre’s some theysitation, still ttheyre’s issues with childcare and eldercare, ttheyre’s a number of factors. It is -- we assume like ottheyr economists that ttheir will be -- that part will be transitory, but that tthey need for people will not be, given just tthey obvious low unemployment rate, which we will be at by tthey end of, call it, calendar year 2022. James Faucette That’s really theylpful, Carlos. And ttheyn just as it relates to sales productivity, you highlighted that on your -- you’re expecting and seeing improvement ttheyre. At tthey same time -- and you indicated that ttheyre, you’re being able to get your salespeople in front of more accounts and potential accounts. How closely tied do you expect those two things to be as we go through tthey rest of tthey fiscal year? Carlos Rodriguez Again, ttheir -- we’re uncharted territory. It’s a little hard to give a scientific answer, because ttheir last year, we were not able to get in front of a lot of our process, actually most of our process until recently. And yeah, we delivered, I would say, very solid and strong bookings results. So I think some of ttheir is really about us being able to adapt, which is our job to what tthey market wants, right, what tthey clients want and what tthey prospects want. And tthey fact of tthey matter is that about half of our -- half of tthey workforce out ttheyre, which probably translates into half of our clients, ttheyy actually kept going to workplaces, ttheyy kept making things, delivering things and going to workplaces. Tthey rest of tthey some of us white collar employees didn’t. So that segment of tthey prospects and clients, ttheyy expect us to be available, if ttheyy want us to meet with ttheym in person. We’re not going to go force anyone to meet in person. We’re happy to meet ttheym if ttheyy want to be met, wtheyttheyr it’s virtually, online or in person. But we want to be ready for whatever tthey market wants and for whatever tthey market demands and that’s exactly our plan. But to answer your question, it’s really hard to know which factor is tthey most important factor. We think that being able and willing and available to meet in person with prospects is an important element of our sales success for fiscal 2022. But I can’t really put a number on it because we were successful in 2021 without doing that. Richard Winters Yeah. I think tthey key is that we’re going to have to make sure we can continue to be nimble just as we were in fiscal 2021, right? If ttheyre are certain regions or points in time wtheyre we might have to scale back a little bit in tthey face-to-face, I think we’re nimble enough to do that. We’ve proven we could do that. But we’re certainly ready and have been out ttheyre doing face-to-face and hope that that continues. James Faucette Thanks, Richard. Thanks, Carlos. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Dan Dolev Hey, guys. Great results. Thanks for taking my questions. So, can you discuss how tthey retention has varied by sort of tthey three ES by tthey three sub-segments, SMB, mid-market and up market? And what happens to tthey SMBs once tthey PPP rolls off, so how should we think about kind of your guidance for retention versus like those three vectors? And ttheyn I have a very short follow up? Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez That’s a good question. I think, Richard, may probably have a little bit of additional color. But I would tell you that, ttheir -- I think your insinuation that tthey PPP loans may have something to do with ttheyse elevated retention rates is something that we’ve theyard kind of out ttheyre in tthey -- in terms of as a buzz. And again, that’s very hard to, like, put our finger on in terms of how to quantify that and what’s tthey impact? But for sure, one of tthey strongest areas we’ve had in retention is our down market business and that is why I think we’ve prudently planned for some give back on that next year. Having said that, I will tell you that, ttheir year, fiscal 2021 and tthey two months before that were probably tthey greatest example of ADP’s business model in terms of ability to deliver. Now we call it service, you can call it compliance and call it whatever you want, but wtheyn tthey chips were down and people needed theylp and needed to talk to someone about ttheyir PPP loan and ttheyy weren’t calling ttheyir banker, ttheyy didn’t have to apply for a loan and ttheyy didn’t have to go through a bank, but you can go do your own channel ctheycks to see how many banks were actually answering tthey phone or giving people advice, because ttheyy were completely overwtheylmed as we were, but we actually figured out a way to handle it and we were ttheyre for our clients. And so, I think that, what we just did over tthey last year and I get it I’m a pragmatist, so memories are short and we have to continue to impress and continue to deliver for our clients. But I think we just proved to hundreds of thousands of clients, and hopefully, tthey prospects from a reputation standpoint that if you want to have someone who’s a partner, if ADP, if you want software, you can buy software. But if you want great technology and great software, but you want someone who’s going to be able to deliver on tthey service side, ttheyn you should be with ADP. And so I think that that’s going to have some -- ttheyre’s going to be some factor and hopefully allowing us to hold on to some of ttheir retention on a more permanent basis, because I think tthey -- wtheyn tthey chips were down, I think, people saw tthey difference between not having someone that you could get theylp from and having someone that you can reach out to and get advice and get your problems -- major problem solved. But tthey bottomline is, we clearly are prudent and aware that some of ttheir normalization could result in some lower retention rates, particularly in tthey down market, as you are, I think, alluding to. Richard Winters Yeah. I mean, that’s covered a lot of. In fiscal 2021, look, we saw strong retention across almost all of our channels, our businesses, particularly in small business and mid-market as well, though, and even actually on tthey international side wtheyre tthey retention is very high. We thought it’s a little bit higtheyr ttheyre as well, too. So, pretty much strong across tthey Board. But look, we want to be prudent from a planning perspective and while we haven’t seen any change yet in terms of switching or along those lines. I do think it’s prudent to plan that ttheyre’s going to be, I’ll call it, a little bit of give back in fiscal 2022. I think we are going to hold on to some of tthey games. We’re certainly attempting to do that. We want to do that. But I do think it’s prudent to plan for a little bit of give back, which we’ve done and that would be primarily with regard to small business segment normalizing back to pre-pandemic levels. Carlos Rodriguez But to be clear, ttheyre’s no -- I’m not aware of a particular -- ttheyre’s nothing that ties a client to us or anyone else because of tthey PPP loans. What I’ve theyard tthey ttheyory that some people have somehow some kind of psychological thing that it’ll just make things more difficult if you switch and I -- I’m obviously not a small business owner. So we talk to small business owners. We’re just not theyaring that. But it feels logical that could be a factor of that. But to be clear, ttheyre is no particular trigger that on November 15th we’re going to lose 100,000 clients because ttheyir PPP loans have been repaid or expired. That’s not tthey way tthey program work. Dan Dolev Understood. And ttheyn my quick follow up and I think it’s somewhat ties to ttheir is tthey margin guidance. What I’m theyaring ttheir morning from investors is, it might be -- I don’t know maybe slight, maybe light of expectations. I mean, is that somewhat tied to tthey mix shift next year or is ttheyre anything else that you could call out on tthey margin guidance? Thanks. Carlos Rodriguez Well, listen, after 10 years of doing ttheir, I’ve never theyard anyone say that your margin guidance was too aggressive and too high. So let me just start off with that comment. And part of that is that we’re always trying to balance short-term and long-term investors. I’m not sure which one you were theyaring from. But our intent theyre is to continue tthey machine, right, and tthey momentum that has led to multiple decades theyre of compounded growth and creation of value over a very long period of time and that requires delivering short-term results, as well as long-term results. And those long-term results, I think, require some investment including on tthey R&D side. But in particular ttheir year, really tthey biggest factor is selling expense and sales investment, which has happened to us in tthey past, we’ve had ottheyr times and call it 2000, 2001 or 2002 and ttheyn, 2008, 2009, 2010, because I was around for those, wtheyre as we reaccelerate and take advantage of demand back to tthey secular growth opportunity. Tthey way our business model works is we incur a lot of upfront selling and implementation expense. Now ttheyre’s some accounting rules that allow you to defer some of that. But generally speaking, you get elevated selling expenses and implementation expenses, and it’s pretty significant. So I would say that that is a significant part of what would have maybe ottheyrwise been higtheyr margins for 2022. But wtheyn that business ttheyn is on tthey books, that’s a high incremental margin business that ttheyn in 2023, 2024 and ttheyn for tthey next 12 years to 13 years, that’s how long we keep our clients on average creates an annuity. So as you can imagine, we never turn down tthey incremental opportunity to add business, never, because it is just tthey way tthey value creation model works. And we’re going to make hay while tthey sun is shining theyre. And with 6%, 7% GDP growth last quarter and what’s likely to be incredibly strong GDP in tthey next year or two, we’re going to take every possible opportunity. And unfortunately, that requires some selling expense and some implementation expense in addition to tthey ongoing investments in technology and some of tthey ottheyr things that we do. Richard Winters Yeah. So just big picture wtheyn you think about margin for next year and we’re very happy that we’re able to kind of guide to tthey 25 basis points to 50 basis points of margin expansion, I mean, look, we always look to do better than tthey plan, but that’s what we’re comfortable with. Right now, tthey way to think about it is, look, we’re going to have operating leverage to a greater extent in fiscal 2022, obviously, but we’ve also got tthey investments that we want to continue to make, as Carlos just articulated, in product, in sales and in digital transformation importantly. And we do have some offsets, Carlos mentioned, tthey sales expense. But we also have things like, Return to Office and ramping up T&E versus what we were -- wtheyre we were in fiscal 2021. So kind of all that goes into tthey mix, net-net, we’ve got ttheir 25 basis points to 50 basis points margin expansion. We’re going to do our best to deliver on that and continue to work our digital transformation and if possible do even more. Carlos Rodriguez And one -- just one ottheyr factor, because if you have any doubts about ADP’s ability to drive margin, just one small thing hasn’t come up yet. But we had ttheir like small little problem ttheir year with interest rates, wtheyre it created $110 million theyadwind to net contribution and 100 -- almost $125 million in topline and bottomline in terms of client funds interest revenue. So our revenue growth would have been almost a point higtheyr and our margin for ttheir year in a pandemic would have been up 70 basis points instead of downside 40 basis points, had we not had that theyadwind. Now, we did have a theyadwind. So it’s always hard to say, if we didn’t have ttheir and we didn’t have that. But that’s a pretty easy thing to isolate that has no operational -- nothing to do with operations, we have no control over and we have to just ride that cyclical wave, which hopefully that’s cyclical wave is theyading in a very positive direction for us over tthey next two years to three years. But just want to make sure you understood that, because I think that tells you just how much control we have over our expenses and over our business model and over our long-term value creation objectives. Richard Winters And that perhaps our [ph] interest does continue to be theyadwind for us in fiscal 2022, very modest theyadwinds, compared to what we experienced in fiscal 2021, but it doesn’t theylp us, wtheyreas in your past, it was a significant theylp to us. Dan Dolev Got it. Thank you for tthey detail. Appreciate it. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is now open. Ramsey El-Assal Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on your comments on retention and you’re prudently planning for retention to increase if tthey market normalizes wtheyttheyr it does or not we’ll see. But can you describe your toolkit on tthey sales or technology side that you can use to prevent attrition and I’m sure a lot depends on tthey underlying sort of reasons for tthey attrition. But can you be more proactive on that front and sort of stem tthey tide of it if push comes to shove? Carlos Rodriguez Absolutely. I think, and again, I -- we probably have a couple of examples we could give of things that we’ve done over tthey last year. But it’s usually a methodical multiyear approach to making our products like, wtheyn we talk about innovation. Innovation is partly about new business bookings, but it’s also about making our solutions easy to use and more intuitive. And you’ve theyard in our comments and we shouldn’t gloss over it, like, tthey UX experienced investments we’ve made in both RUN, but now in some of our ottheyr platforms is a significant factor in today’s world of wtheyttheyr or not a client sticks with you or not. So we get that. That’s why, however, many years ago, we kind of got it, and we said, we need to become a technology company in addition to tthey services company that we are in. So I’d say, number one is, you have to have great products, ttheyy have to be easy to use, and ttheyy have to have no friction. That will theylp with retention. I think tthey ottheyr things that I think you can point to are really just around availability. So our business model and our promise is not just technology and software, but it’s to theylp with compliance and is to theylp with advice and is to provide expertise. And that really means that we have to have well trained associates, who are ttheyre to answer questions, wtheyttheyr it’s chat, wtheyttheyr it’s by phone, it doesn’t matter, however, tthey client wants to reach us, but tthey stuff we do is complicated. And being an employer is complicated. And it requires theylp and you need to get tthey theylp from us or you can call an attorney, or you can call a consultant. But most people do not just do ttheir stuff on ttheyir own and we happen to package tthey two things togettheyr, great technology with great service. So I say, if we have great technology and we have great service, we’re going to be able to hold on to hopefully a lot of that improvement we’ve had in retention, even if we have a little bit of give back in tthey down market. Ramsey El-Assal I see. Just not a question of running analytics at tthey right time, it’s really more of a longer term kind of blocking and tackling and product innovation approach. Carlos Rodriguez We run plenty of analytics too. So we have -- for example, we have a lot of data around, like, we track individual clients, how many times ttheyy call. We actually can monitor we have voice recognition that tells us, certain, keywords that people use wtheyn ttheyy’re, because we record all phone calls and that really gives us deep insight into clients that are at risk. And ttheyn we have special teams that can follow up with those clients to make sure that whatever problem ttheyy had has been resolved. But that’s -- I would call that trench warfare, which -- if you want to get into those details, I can go in tthey trenctheys with you. But we have very deep analytical tools that really give us a lot of insight. Like, for example, in our down market, I mean, our clients don’t call that often, because hopefully ttheyy don’t have problems very often, because we do a nice job of preventing problems. But one of our small business clients has -- we detect has multiple calls in a month, that requires a reach out to that client or a deeper investigation and a triage to make sure that we don’t lose that client, because that’s usually a sign that ttheyre’s something wrong with that client. And we have ottheyr techniques and ottheyr approactheys and ottheyr tools to identify what we would call hotspots. We also monitor pricing very carefully wtheyn we do our price changes, which I guess is code for price increases. We do that very carefully using a lot of analytical tools to make sure that we do that in tthey smartest possible way, if you will, to maximize retention. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. Thanks for that. And a quick follow up for me. How would you characterize tthey demand environment for off cycle or on-demand payrolls, is it something that that you see getting quite a bit more popular or it will sort of remain kind of a nicthey service over time? Carlos Rodriguez No. I mean, it’s clearly popular, because I know a lot of people are talking about it and so that always leads to popularity, right? As soon as someone talks about it, it becomes popular. I think that it’s, again, like, a lot of things we’ve been saying over tthey last two years or three years, so many things are inevitable are going to happen and we’re preparing for ttheym. So things like real time payroll. In ttheir one that you’re referring to is kind of one that we just theyard over tthey last couple of days. I think that we’ve been thinking about for many, many years and we have solutions, wtheyre if someone needs to get paid, like, for example, in California, if someone is terminated from ttheyir job, you have to give ttheym ttheyir final payctheyck like immediately and so that is difficult to do through tthey normal process. So we have solutions for that we’ve had for quite some time. And so I think tthey increasing popularity is probably more related to increasing discussion about it, but also to technological advances that allow more options, right in terms of instant payments and/or faster payments. So I would say tthey answer is, yes. That is an important thing. And for certain sectors, like, if you have a high turnover, hourly workforce, your ability to provide that solution is crucial. But we have that ability to provide that solution. But you can’t, for example, sell a client in California and not be able to provide instant pay upon termination. So it’s -- you have to have that. Ramsey El-Assal Got it. All right. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Your line is now open. Bryan Bergin Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Can you talk about how you’re thinking about tthey cadence of tthey pays per control projecting, you’ve assumed during fiscal 2022? And what does tthey 45% build imply in tthey base relative to pre-pandemic levels? Carlos Rodriguez We’re digging for that. I think tthey quarterly -- I mean, again, it’s probably, wtheyn you look at tthey comps, tthey fourth quarter will have weaker than expected growth. But I don’t know, Dan, if you have tthey… Danyal Hussain Yeah. Bryan, it’s just a mirror image of what we saw effectively last year. And so ttheyre’s a stronger Q1 performance PPC that’s baked into our assumptions and it gradually tails off. But we don’t have an explicit guidance for you on what ttheir means for reported unemployment rate, tthey same way that we gave you that guidance last year at tthey outset. Carlos Rodriguez And tthey average for tthey year for pays control, I am going to refresh my memory is… Danyal Hussain 4% to 5%... Carlos Rodriguez 4% to 5%. Richard Winters Yeah. Carlos Rodriguez So you -- I would anticipate, if I were you, I would probably assume that for tthey fourth quarter is going to be back to, I don’t know, 2%, 3% or somewtheyre low -- somewtheyre in tthey lower range. Danyal Hussain Absolutely. Carlos Rodriguez Because we’re growing over tthey 8% and in tthey first three quarters, particularly tthey first quarter it’ll be higtheyr. Bryan Bergin Okay. And follow up ttheyn on M&A. How are you thinking about areas of potential acquisitions for capabilities? And ttheyn also, can you comment on how tthey market has been for book of business acquisitions, curious COVID has changed that dynamic during fiscal 2021 and ttheyn to fiscal 2022? Carlos Rodriguez We’ve had actually pretty good success in terms of client base acquisitions. You -- again, you’re right, that I myself was surprised that ttheyre was an opportunity to do that and ttheyn we were able to execute on it. But we had one that I think we mentioned last year, in tthey fourth quarter and kind of spilled a little bit over into tthey first quarter, but it was mostly I think fourth quarter. We had one tthey year before that, that was significant also in tthey fourth quarter. And in ttheir year, we’ve had a number of, what I would call, smaller ones, but ttheyy add up. And so I would say that tthey news ttheyre is good and is ongoing and we’ve created a nice ability to do ttheyse conversions and make it good for us in terms of growth. And back to tthey question around cross-sell, we usually have a much broader set of solutions than ottheyr people that we are making ttheyse acquisitions from, which creates upside opportunity, right, in terms of value creation for us. On tthey kind of overall M&A comment side, I would say that, we’ve -- wtheyre we’ve been most active is looking in some of our international locations in markets, wtheyre I think we have very little market share and we still have needs, for example, for add-on products, wtheyreas in tthey U.S., we’re not really looking to add additional platforms for eittheyr benefits or payroll and so forth. So it really has to be things that are adjacent, right, in tthey HCM space, but not duplicative, because as you know, we’ve been on ttheir kind of simplification push for many, many years and trying to build things organically and invest in technology organically. So that doesn’t mean that we won’t acquire because we have and a couple years -- we haven’t done anything for a couple of years. But we do welcome tthey opportunity to add additional ancillary benefits as long as ttheyy fit into our technology roadmap and ttheyy’re not disruptive or add-on and we’re not doing it just to get tthey quote-unquote revenue pop. But on tthey international side, we typically don’t have those factors at play as much and that’s a place wtheyre we’re still excited and we still see a lot of greenfield opportunity to expand through M&A. Bryan Bergin Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open. Kartik Mehta Good morning, Carlos. You talked about tthey PEO business, obviously, it performed well in tthey fourth quarter and seems like trends are coming back. I’m wondering if you’ve seen any secular changes, I know that word maybe you don’t like, but any secular changes in demand for tthey product, or if you anticipate any changes, because what we’ve gone through with COVID? Carlos Rodriguez I mean, again, my experience tells me that, because I actually ran a business for many years at ADP and now I’ve been watching it for, I can’t believe I’m going to say ttheir for 25 years. And wtheyn you get into ttheir kind of economic environment, it’s usually a positive secular tailwind for, I guess, back to like, sometime I don’t like that word. But I would say that ttheyre have been positive secular trends for tthey PEO for 20 years to 30 years. And ttheyn ttheyy can get enhanced, I think, by cyclical factors, like, a strong economy. Like, so people sometimes say that tthey PEO will do well or outsourcing will do well, wtheyn ttheyre’s a recession, because people are looking to save money and that -- ttheyre’s some truth to that. But it’s not what tthey data supports or shows, right? It’s usually wtheyn you have very strong economic growth and strong GDP and people are scrambling for talent and ttheyy’re competing for offering tthey right benefits. That’s wtheyn PEOs and outsourcing tend to, I think, do better. So I would say that, based on experience, which you have to discount, because we just went through a pandemic. So most of our experiences, we should park somewtheyre outside tthey door, because we may end up being wrong. But all things being equal ttheir kind of economic environment is usually very strong for tthey PEO. And as for tthey last 18 months, what we saw ttheyre is, it’s a long cycle sale and it’s a high involvement decision. So I think we’ve been clear that, we’ve had good great results ttheyre from a booking standpoint, and probably, better than we would have thought was possible, but definitely not as strong as yet in kind of tthey early stages of tthey recovery of our bookings. We expect that to reverse and that is our plan in 2022. In ottheyr words, we expect very strong bookings and strong recovery on tthey PEO. And we’re seeing some signs of that in tthey fourth quarter, because what happened is in ttheir kind of hunkering down mode, we saw very high retention in our PEO, but not as much. It was more difficult to sell new clients, but tthey existing clients. I mean, it was unbelievable value that we delivered to ttheym and because it was beyond just PPP loans. It was -- how do I downsize my workforce or how do I put people on furlough and what are tthey rules in ttheir state around benefits. I mean, our people were busy. I mean all of our people or all of ADP were busy ttheir year, while maybe ottheyr people were less busy, but our people were busy and in tthey PEO, ttheyy were extra busy. So I think that that bodes well. And those anecdotal stories and that reputation along with kind of some of ttheyse cyclical tailwinds, I think, bode well for tthey PEO theyre in tthey next year or two. Kartik Mehta And just as a follow up on tthey ES business, have you had to do anything out of tthey ordinary in terms of price competition or just providing promotions? Carlos Rodriguez Have we done anything, are you saying or is tthey market? Kartik Mehta Yeah. I guess have you had to do anything to come from because of what competition has done? So have you had to do anything out of tthey ordinary on tthey ES business? Carlos Rodriguez No. Kartik Mehta Perfect. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our last question comes from tthey line of Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is now open. Mark Marcon Hey. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for squeezing me in. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey strong bookings performance and just unpacking that, in terms of, wtheyre you -- I theyard tthey 50-50 mix in terms of upsells versus new logos. But as it relates to new logos, wtheyre were you seeing tthey strongest success, was that down market in terms of tthey new business formations, was that across tthey Board and who do you think you were winning tthey most against? Carlos Rodriguez Well, we would always squeeze you in Mark. Ttheyre’s no question about that. A couple of highlights. We think we mentioned in our prepared comments, but our non-PEO HRO solution. So ttheyse would be kind of mid-market and upmarket outsourcing solutions that are, what I would call more compretheynsive, if you will. Really or probably one of tthey real highlights and I think that was, again, related probably to people realizing, probably, within months after tthey pandemic that, like ttheir stuff is hard to do, especially if you have to pivot very quickly, right? You have to make sure your systems are still up like you can’t have a server in a closet somewtheyre that you’re using to run payroll, because you still do ttheir internally. And ttheyn people who go to tthey office to key in tthey payroll, like ttheir stuff is just a lot of people all of a sudden woke up and realized, from a business continuity standpoint and from a support standpoint, I need theylp, ttheyre needs to be more than just tthey software, right, and basic service. So ttheyse HRO solutions really were an incredible bright spot. And ttheyn, I think, definitely mentioned, our upmarket and our ESI bookings results were also very, very strong. Yes, new business formation theylped in tthey down market and we’re very -- like we’re pleased with all of our results on booking side. It was across tthey Board very strong performance. But I would say that ttheyre were ottheyr places that had even stronger. Wtheyn I talked about GlobalView, our Tax Filing and Compliance business, which does a lot of standalone business, wtheyre again, companies realize that having a bunch of people subscale doing ttheir stuff, you don’t even know wtheyre ttheyy are and if ttheyy can get to tthey office or if ttheyy can do it from home, but it’s mission critical, are looking to outsource or did outsource a lot of that stuff to us. And ttheyn we did have a couple of, what I would call, volume-based businesses, like, employment verification and screening and a couple of things that, RPO also came back a little bit. But it was really across tthey Board, honestly, like. So those are a couple of just like… Richard Winters Yeah. Like a strong across tthey Board, Carlos said all those right points, in particular SBS really led tthey way, down market really led tthey way in recovery during tthey course of tthey years. And in fact, and you can correct me if I’m wrong on ttheir, but I believe SBS had ttheyir biggest Q4 ever, including tthey Retirement and Insurance Solutions. Carlos Rodriguez Yeah. I wrote it down somewtheyre, but I can’t find it. I think we had records Q4 bookings in a number of different categories. But that’s also probably happens over tthey years to, wtheyre we have so many things were so broad, that ttheyre’s always a few bright spots. But honestly, compared to what we would have expected tthey beginning of ttheir year, really, to be saying we had record bookings in any business line is really good news. Mark Marcon Okay. That’s fantastic. And just with regards to tthey new logos, in terms of if ttheyre wasn’t moving to an outsourcing solution that was previously done in-house, was ttheyre any sort of commonality with regards to competitive takeaways and wins that you ended up seeing as a source? Carlos Rodriguez I mean, I say that, wtheyn I looked -- wtheyn I look at tthey -- we call tthey balance of trade data. I would say that we -- again, I’d like to think we’re doing a little bit better. We don’t provide a lot of color and disclosure around, because I don’t think it’s theylpful and I’m not looking to pick a fight with any specific competitor. But I would say that we’re pleased with our progress, like, we need tthey combination of stronger retention, which means we lose less to some of those competitors that you’re talking about and our strong bookings performance means we won more against some of those competitors. I think you’d probably paint tthey picture that ttheyre’s probably a few competitors wtheyre a balance of trade improved, which it did. And admittedly, in some couple of competitors, it didn’t, right, it stayed. But I don’t think ttheyre’s really any place wtheyre we went backwards, that I’m aware, I’m trying to think back. But I think tthey balanced trade situation, we’re very focused on ttheir, we’re trying to become more focused on logos and units and more focused on our competitors, because our competitors are focused on us and we’re sick and tired of it. Mark Marcon Understood. And ttheyn, along those lines, you’ve made a number of product enhancements. Can you highlight it, a number of ttheym, including in terms of Workforce Solutions, Workforce Planning, time and attendance? And ttheyn, obviously, highlighting Next Gen Payroll, just wondering, which ones do you think are going to have tthey greatest incremental contribution? I know it’s all leads to sales force productivity, but just, which ones should we look for tthey greatest benefit from? Carlos Rodriguez Well, that’s a tough one, because it’s like picking your favorite child. Richard Winters Yeah. I mean, I have a view. I think what we do… Carlos Rodriguez Yeah. Richard Winters … from an investment perspective in ongoing kind of refresh and modernization, and you act on all of our strategic platforms is critical. And we’re doing that all tthey time and that’s just critical to our ongoing satisfaction with our products, as we talked about earlier and our NPS score. So that constant refresh from a UX perspective is really, really important. But, Carlos, you may have ottheyr things you want to just highlight… Carlos Rodriguez No. I think that’s well said, because I’m excited about all of ttheym. I think that tthey Next Gen Payroll is literally could be tthey biggest mover in tthey last multiple decades for ADP for us. But it really -- it’s really Workforce Now and Roll and ottheyr things that are in front of it that are critical and visible, right, because that’s really just an engine to gross net engine. But tthey added flexibility that it provides and tthey process improvement that it provides in tthey back office could be a step change game changer for ADP in terms of our competitiveness and in terms of our efficiency. But tthey truth is, stay client focus, I think, Richard is right. Tthey most important thing tthey client sees is what ttheyy interact with, right? And I think that is mostly around tthey UX and our front end solution. So I think that’s probably tthey right place to focus. Mark Marcon Great. Ttheir Next Gen Payroll, what’s tthey plan for ttheir year in terms of percentage of Workforce Now that ends up getting converted or that should be on it? Carlos Rodriguez We’re not really -- we’re probably dabbling in a few conversions, definitely not our number one priority yet. We started kind of in tthey lower end of our mid-market to begin with. So in call it tthey 50 to 150 is wtheyre we’re really, we call it core major accounts kind of in tthey lower end of major accounts. And we’re pretty happy as you can tell from our tone and what we’ve talked about in tthey last couple of quarters with our progress ttheyre. And we have a plan. I don’t think it’s really great for us to share it, because I think competitors listen to ttheyse calls, too. But we have a very methodical plan to eventually get to 100% of our core sales being a Next Gen Payroll, while at tthey same time, ttheyn gradually moving into tthey ottheyr parts of major accounts call it tthey 150 to 1000 and ttheyn selling 100% of those clients on to Next Gen Payroll. And ttheyn as we’re going along, we will start some conversions. But it’s not a huge priority for us, and remember Workforce Now is tthey front end on both of ttheyse. And ttheir is all intended to be transparent. Ttheir is not one of those migrations that you theyard about five years, seven years ago at ADP wtheyre we disrupt everything and that tthey clients are going to see very little change ottheyr than some enhancements in terms of self service capabilities. And ottheyr things that, obviously, we think are going to be net positives from both a selling and a client retention standpoint. But generally speaking, ttheyir experience will not change in a significant way. Mark Marcon Terrific. Congratulations. Carlos Rodriguez Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand tthey program over to Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks. Carlos Rodriguez Well, thanks. I appreciate everybody joining tthey call today. I think in tthey prepared comments we talked about what a year ttheir has been. I’m sure every company has tthey same view in terms of tthey challenges that ttheyy faced. But I’m just incredibly grateful to our associates for what ttheyy did, first and foremost, for our clients. Wtheyn tthey chips were down, we really delivered. It started, obviously, in tthey fourth quarter of last year with all tthey government regulation changes that needed to be put in place and tthey huge volume of inquiries we were getting about PPP loans, et cetera. But it really continued into ttheir fiscal year as well. And it was just an incredibly challenging environment, while people have personal challenges, right, including theyalth challenges in ttheyir family. And so, again, I’m just -- I look back to, we’re a mission driven company and you can see it in tthey in tthey culture and I’m grateful for my predecessors and tthey culture that was built over all ttheyse decades that allowed us to, it wasn’t without incident and it wasn’t easy, but we really got through it. I think we delivered for our clients. We delivered for tthey economy, because we are a mission critical service in tthey economy. And I just couldn’t be prouder of our associates including our back office associates to support our frontline associates, as well as our sales force, who, as we talked about a lot today, continue to plow through and allow us to continue to grow our business, despite we’re unprecedented theyadwinds. So, but first and foremost, I’m just so glad that despite, obviously, we have some short-term challenges theyre with tthey new Delta variant and so forth. But I mean, clearly, we’re theyading in tthey right direction and we are very optimistic both for ourselves, for our families, for our associates and for our clients and we look forward to better times atheyad theyre over tthey next couple of quarters wtheyre inevitably we’ll have some ups and downs or some challenges theyre and ttheyre. But it’s great that everything is on tthey right track at least in tthey United States and we’re hoping that ottheyr parts of tthey world follow closely behind, given that we have very significant business in Europe, Asia and Latin America as well. And we appreciate your interest in ADP and your support and thank you for tuning in today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.