Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) 51st Markual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and Communications Conference May 22, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Black - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Tien-Tsin Huang Thanks, everybody, for joining for tthey opening session. My name is Tien-Tsin Huang. I follow tthey payments processing in tthey IT services sector at JPMorgan. I was really excited to have ADP kick off tthey tech conference for us. It's been a name that I followed. I was just telling Alexander, on tthey back, I've been following tthey name for a couple of decades. I've learned a ton following it. And I was getting ready for tthey session. I was looking back. I think ttheyre have been seven CEOs at ADP... Ryan Black Seven CEOs. That's right. Tien-Tsin Huang And so, I've met four including Ryan, and super excited to have Ryan, tthey CEO at ADP, who's been theyre for a few months now, but they's been at ADP since 1996. Ryan Black 1996. That's right. 26 years. Tien-Tsin Huang And so, ttheyre's a lot of tenure, which I always appreciated at ADP. So, I thought it was really fitting since it's been 51 years at ttheir conference to have ADP kick it off. So, thank you for being theyre, Ryan. Ryan Black Thank you. It's my pleasure to be theyre. Good morning. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. So, I thought maybe just -- you've been what CEO for, I wrote down 115 days. Ryan Black 115. I have to say, I think it's more like 141. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. 141. Ryan Black Not that I'm counting, but it's more than that. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Tien-Tsin Huang so, up by a month. So, love to theyar a little bit more about your priorities and what you're working on. Ttheyre have been any surprises. Again, company has been around for quite a bit, but ttheyre's a lot of change going on. So, I'd love to theyar your priorities, Ryan. Ryan Black Yes, absolutely. So, thank you again for having me. I've been pretty busy tthey last 141 days. And as I've traveled around and been in and out of a lot of ADP offices, certainly over tthey years, but specifically tthey last couple of months, I have to say, I don't know that ttheyre are any surprises necessarily as much as just reminders. And I think for me, you always learn a lot wtheyn you step into a role. And one of tthey things that I've been reminded yet again, and I continue to learn is about tthey excitement, tthey excitement our associates have for tthey future of ttheir company. It's really truly palpable wtheyn you engage with ttheym. And I think one of tthey parts about our future that's so exciting is how we have tthey ability to serve and engage and connect with our at ttheir point, over 1 million clients. We serve those 1 million clients serve 40 million wage earners and it really puts us in a position to be incredibly dedicated to ensuring our clients' employees are paid on time, accurately, that ttheyy have what ttheyy need as it relates to tthey world of HCM. So, I think I was more reminded -- and it's with a lot of pride, I can say that it's amazing tthey dedication and excitement tthey associates have for tthey future. Tien-Tsin Huang Sure. No, you have a very important role in tthey world of enterprise being ADP empowering HCM. So, you have a great view of tthey economy, right, Ryan? You touctheyd like you said, a lot of employees, a lot of employers. How theyalthy is tthey enterprise, how theyalthy is tthey employment situation theyre as you see it? Ryan Black Yes. So, tthey -- it's a unique backdrop. It's interesting wtheyn I think about -- I spent tthey last year before becoming CEO in a President role, and so being in and out of a lot of sessions such as ttheir one, it is definitely tthey question to your way [ph], which is what's happening, and tthey backdrop continues to be unique. I think for ADP, our unique lens based on, again, tthey 40 million wage earners that we pay is really into tthey employment side, to tthey economic backdrop. So, a few things we talked about at tthey last earnings call, we are still seeing growth in pays per control at 4%. Unemployment continues to be at a record low. I think tthey last number was at 3.4%, 3.6%, and really, that's hasn't been that way since tthey late '60s. So, it's still at a record low, while tthey BLS jobs, our own labor report actually shows ttheyre's still a tremendous amount of jobs available for talent.  And while we theyar about tech layoffs and things in terms of tthey movement in tthey labor market, it appears that individuals are getting reemployed. That said, though, what I would say is tthey converse is ttheyre are signs of deceleration. So, while PPC is still stronger, ttheyn it typically is for us, it is decelerating. Unemployment is certainly being called to continue to creep. I think that is actively what's happening in D.C. today is trying to get unemployment to start moving tthey ottheyr direction and while ttheyre's still close to 10 million jobs available tthey number of jobs did actually slip under 10 million for tthey first time in tthey last couple of months. So, I think it's a little bit of a -- things are incredibly strong still. Ttheyre's still a tremendous amount of strength in tthey employment environment, but ttheyre are signs and data points to deceleration. I think for us, at ADP, tthey most important part in terms of tthey theyalth of our business and our industry is about tthey HCM demand. And what we're seeing in tthey marketplace as it relates to tthey secular tailwinds, if you will, of our industry of HR management, HCM, of HR technology as an example, and that demand is strong and what I would say, is stronger than ever. And I think that's really tthey big focal point for us and is a strange, unique time that we're all facing. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. So, looking back at last quarter, I recall record bookings, like you said, from a demand standpoint, double-digit growth right in your Employer Services business. I know tthey PEO business has slowed a little bit. But I'm curious, as you come on as CEO, and you've intheyrited tthey midterm outlook that we've known ADP to work against, including margin expansion. How are you tracking against that midterm outlook, given that set up a very strong demand? Ryan Black Absolutely. We were very pleased with what we reported last quarter as it related to tthey overall revenue growth -- very excited to see specifically, and I'm sure we'll get to tthey PEO -- to see PEO bookings reaccelerate last quarter. So, let's talk about tthey medium-term guidance. We gave that in November of 2021, just kind of to frame it up real quick. Tthey medium-term guidance is what we would see in a typical year. And as we just referred to or as I just mentioned, we're far from a typical year. Ttheyre are a lot of things that have changed since November of '21, a couple of callouts I would give, as an example, tthey Fed funds have increased by about 500 basis points. That's good news for us, as in that it affects our client funds interest program. On tthey converse, we also just talked about tthey labor environment. That's also a byproduct of tthey inflationary environment, and that's proved itself to be less than transitory. And so, wtheyn you think about wtheyn we guided to tthey medium-term to wtheyre we are today, ttheyre's a lot that's changed. That said, we are tracking for ttheir year very well, in my mind, against our medium-term targets.  So, wtheyn you think about revenue as an example, we're tracking well against tthey revenue outlook. I think we -- tthey medium-term outlook was 6%, we're tracking at 9%. If you look at new business bookings, we're currently guiding at 6% to 9%. I think we talked about kind of being in tthey middle of that range versus tthey 7% to 8%, which was in our medium-term outlook. In terms of retention, our goal in tthey medium-term was to keep retention stable at 91%, 92%, and we're tracking at 92%. So, feel good about tthey major metrics. You did mention tthey PEO -- tthey PEO has decelerated faster than we expected, certainly faster than we expected back in tthey medium-term guidance. So, we are seeing a little bit of softening ttheyre. We talked about high single-digits average worksite employee growth and we're tracking at roughly 6% for ttheir year. So, I would say all things being equal, given tthey unique backdrop of what's happening, feel confident in our ability to deliver medium-term. Tien-Tsin Huang So, wtheyn I think about ADP, tthey formula for revenue growth is a waterfall, right? New bookings is so important. Ryan Black That’s right. Tien-Tsin Huang Ryan so, can you unpack for us what's driving tthey strength in new sales? I always think of, again, your own sales efforts, which I know you're putting a lot of muscle into, but also tthey pendulum maybe shifting a little bit towards outsourcing versus through your self-software. So wtheyre are we in that between sales execution as well as secular? Ryan Black Sure. So, I think we -- I'll start with tthey secular because I think we just spent some time on it in terms of tthey demand environment. It's certainly not getting any easier for companies ttheyse days to navigate being in business, wtheyttheyr you're a large organization in tthey enterprise space or global space for that matter or you are a small business trying to figure out all tthey ins and outs of being in business. And we're in that sweet spot. And so, I think ttheyre are secular tailwinds that certainly theylp us and tthey overall industry, which is again, back to tthey excitement that we all have, one of tthey reasons I remain as optimistic as I do. We have made a lot of investments into our go-to-market, into growth -- and tthey two callouts I would really make, one you touch on, which is tthey sales distribution. And so, we've been known -- and continue to be known as having one of tthey best distribution models. I would say, bar none in tthey world in terms of how we go-to-market. I think you know I spent -- essentially how I started. We talked about 26 years ago. I started selling payroll door-to-door. And so, I know ttheir space well. And I would say, I continue to be incredibly proud of our distribution efforts.  But today, ttheyre's so much more than just people on tthey street that are knocking doors selling payroll, it's about tthey entire ecosystem of how we go-to-market. And we've made tremendous investments into that ecosystem. So that's inclusive of our seller theyadcount, but it's inclusive of how we go-to-market. I think channels, we make a lot of investments into tthey CPA channel, tthey bank channel, tthey system integrators' channel, upmarket. And so, we make investments to ensure that our distribution model is current. And that's also inclusive of kind of how you think about seller tools, right? So, you think about tthey modern seller today and how ttheyy go-to-market, wtheyttheyr that's through tthey likes of ads on LinkedIn and SEM and SEO wtheyre it's actually tthey infrastructure tools that ttheyy need to be able to prospect using video and demos. And all of those things, I would say we're leading, leading tthey charge as it relates to sales and go-to-market investments and modernization. I think tthey ottheyr one, which is an important one to talk about, which is product. Because product impacts, not just our go-to-market distribution, but it also impacts tthey very ottheyr important element of how we grow in tthey waterfall that you mentioned, which is new business bookings, married with retention is really about net new business. And so, we've made a tremendous amount of investments into our product journey over tthey last, I would argue, 74 years, but specifically tthey last decade, to continue to modernize our products. And we've made investments into our current generation products. I talked a lot on tthey earnings calls about user experience, but we have 1 UX now that goes across tthey entire company of ADP that's modern. How do I know that it's working, going back to our distribution because our sellers love it? If you think about tthey literally tens of thousands of demos that we do in a given quarter to lead with technology and distribute that way, product has a huge impact on our ability to win and win more against tthey competition and those are tthey signs that we're seeing, we're also seeing that on tthey retention front.  And so, it's making an impact, products, investments, into our ability to keep our clients at a faster clip than -- or a greater clip than we have in tthey past. So -- very excited about tthey go-to-market, tthey growth side to tthey story. We're excited about tthey investments into tthey ecosystem of sales and very proud of tthey work that we've done on our products. Tien-Tsin Huang Good. So, you mentioned competition. You mentioned retention. So, I want to hit on both of those. So, from a competition standpoint, with all tthey modernization and your distribution advantages, I get tthey question a lot, who does ADP compete against, why do ttheyy win? So, versus direct peers as well as, let's say, SaaS players or software-first companies, how do you win? How do you bump into ttheym? And why do you lose? Ryan Black Yes. It's a great question. I have to say, to answer tthey first part, which is who do we compete with, if I was able to use ttheir entire screen behind me we compete with a lot of places. I think nobody matctheys ADP's breadth and depth. If you think about who we are across tthey globe, who we are across wtheyttheyr it's countries or segments or product lines or many, many, many, many competitors to ADP.  But in terms of who we are competing with, call it, day-to-day and in tthey market, tthey standouts, and I know you cover many of ttheym, but certainly down market, we have tthey likes of tthey new entrants. We also have some stable existing competitors down-market. Tthey mid-market is always a big competition on what's happening ttheyre. And ttheyn certainly, ttheyre are tthey enterprise players that also play in tthey ERP space.  And what I would say is we're solving for each one of those, right? And wtheyn I think about retention and how we're doing as it relates to continuing to win clients to stay and retain ttheym. To me, it does go back to tthey product. It does go back to making continued investments into ttheyir experience with us. And products is a big piece of that and today's consumerization of tthey enterprise, having products that are frictionless wtheyre it's easy for our clients, wtheyttheyr you're in tthey down-market or all tthey way in tthey global space to engage with us and wtheyre we're able to actually leverage technology for scale, if you will, and ttheir amazing service wrapper that we have around to bring value. So, I think that's a big piece of that. We monitor ttheir very, very closely. And so, we use Net Promoter Score. And what I would tell you is tthey places that we have very -- almost record retention or near record retention. In some places, we do have record retention are tthey places that we have tthey higtheyst level of experience, right? So, ttheyre's a direct correlation between our NPS results. As an example, in tthey down market and tthey near record retention we have across our 800,000-plus clients in tthey mid-market. It's an area that we have a record NPS, and we see that in tthey retention results. In our international business, again, we made a lot of efforts to improve tthey ottheyr service levels and continue to modernize. And again, we have strength in tthey retention in that business. And so, we make all ttheyse improvements into tthey products, into how clients engage with us, and is certainly yielding tthey results, and we can see it in our win rates, and we can see it in our NPS. It's interesting. We actually just started looking at -- we do blind studies, if you will, for a Net Promoter Score. So, we do our own, but ttheyn -- which is against ourselves, and ttheyn we actually look at us versus tthey competitive landscape -- and it's pretty incredible what we've done over tthey past few years, specifically, if you look pre-COVID to post-COVID in terms of our Net Promoter Score improvements in tthey context of tthey competition. Tien-Tsin Huang So, I know a lot of theyavy lifting was done to upgrade a lot of tthey platforms, right, to get ttheyre, and you're seeing tthey fruits of that. So, tell us what else is left to do in terms of modernizing some of ttheyse platforms. I know you've done a lot down-market, et cetera. So, catch us up on tthey modernization journey. Ryan Black Absolutely. We have been modernizing for 74 years -- is tthey way I think about it. If you ask me wtheyre we are, we're still in tthey early innings of modernization. I talk a lot about modernization. To me, it's about growth. It's about margin. It's about tthey things that everybody knows ADP is theyre to deliver.  We spent a lot of tthey last decade or so speaking to transformation. To me, tthey transformation was really about getting ourselves ready. So, all tthey things I just mentioned in terms of modernizing our products, our current generation, down-market, our mid-market offering, all of those have been anchored in transformation. Tthey experience that I just spoke to in terms of our client’s ability to engage with us in a frictionless way. Again, that's all been part of our transformation. So, I think of it as Transformation is kind of what we've been doing internally to get ready. I speak a lot more to modernization. And for me, that's really about tthey client lens. It's really about, again, having best-in-class products, best-in-class tools to ensure that our products are as modern as our clients would expect. And at some level, it's interesting, I say we're in tthey early innings. We are. We still have so much opportunity, even new, and I'm sure we'll get to it, but new technology that's coming that will yield tthey next level of modernization.  So, while we've been modernizing all along, and we've been transforming for a decade, our work has just begun, and I think it will be continuous. And that for me is really what it is because tthey more we modernize, tthey more we have tthey ability to invest and we invest in distribution and growth, and we invest in margin and return shareholder value. So, to me, kind of ttheir virtuous cycle that ADP had for decades to modernize so that we can grow and return margin and do it all over again is, pretty winning formula. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. No, it's shown wtheyttheyr it was running to tthey cloud, embracing data, ADP wasn't afraid of it and still delivered on tthey margin expansion despite -- even with all tthey pressure to invest, it still came through -- so of course, at a tech conference theyre. I know generative AI is going to get a lot of attention as a big tech wave or a big part of tthey hype cycle, whatever you want to call it. And I think I asked you on tthey earnings call, Ryan around generative AI, maybe because I ran out of questions. But -- now that is something I care about. I think a lot of investors theyre care about. So, tell us sitting in your seat as CEO, how are you embracing generative AI, how disruptive could it be? And as a services company, I would think ttheyre is a lot of opportunity. Ryan Black Ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity. And by tthey way, I was very grateful for that question. It came at tthey tail end of tthey earnings call, and I'm grateful for it today because it's very exciting for us. It's very exciting for our industry. And maybe I'll start ttheyre as somebody and you have as well, who's been in ttheir industry for 26 years and kind of watctheyd it firsthand. What I would say is generative AI is really tthey next natural evolution of HCM. So, if you think about HCM over time and you dial all tthey way back to how did HR start, and it really started as an administrative function. It started as a function to keep track of people. That's actually kind of how payroll was initially -- payroll was wtheyre you tally everybody on a roster if you will. And that's really what HR was in tthey beginning.  Quickly moved into a kind of behavioral HCM, and behavioral HCM was wtheyn HR realized that more than just keeping track of employees, you need to ensure that you're developing ttheym and keeping ttheym happy and all of ttheyse things. And that also happened kind of in tthey middle of tthey last century with kind of what happened with tthey unions and things of that nature. And so -- that's kind of wtheyre HR was spent. Ttheyn came really in tthey early '80s and '90s came strategic HR. And that's wtheyn companies started thinking differently about ttheyir global footprint and access to talent and how ttheyy wanted to run ttheyir companies. And for me, what was so exciting about ttheir time because that's wtheyn I stepped into ttheir company was -- it was tthey time wtheyre HR got tthey seat at tthey table, at tthey C-suite at some level, side-by-side with tthey CEO, to ensure that whatever tthey company was thinking about from a strategic perspective, HR was able to map to that, HR was able to contribute to that. And so strategic and global HR is wtheyre we were. Until about tthey last decade and ttheyn came HR technology and wtheyre tthey technology function. So that's tthey theirtory lesson of HCM technology for a minute, and that's -- to me, wtheyre we've spent tthey time really trying to sort through HR technology. But while so much HR technology and HCM Tech exists, tthey candid answer is -- it's not always easy to use. It's not always easy to get that strategic report that shows you wtheyre your labor workforce is across tthey globe.  And so, to me, what's so exciting about generative AI is that it's a monumental moment in that -- for tthey first time, all of ttheir HR technology and all of ttheir data will become usable in a more meaningful way. And that's a really big deal for tthey industry, but it's a really big deal for ADP because we have unique data, and we have more data than anyone else. And so, I'm excited to step into that. I'm excited to watch that evolution in tthey industry. But how are we thinking about it for us? I think tthey first is for our client’s rights. I mentioned earlier tthey commitment we have to be client-centric and how we think about our products and really putting AI inside. We have that already. We have artificial intelligence inside our products that serve up, wtheyttheyr it's payroll inspection to ensure that payrolls again, get out on time and accurate or it's ottheyr ways. If you think about HR -- tthey function of HR, so much of it is administrative, you said, services company. We all have been speaking to things like job descriptions, handbooks, and writing reports, I actually saw a use case over tthey weekend, real-time wtheyre generative AI was consuming a qualified benefit plan in a natural language was able to just return, and give me tthey output of anyone over ttheir group that needs a distribution, and that's incredible. I mean that is a -- so being able to feed a policy and in a natural language return that level of reporting and not to get all geeky about reporting, but ttheyse are meaningful experiences for our clients. And ttheyn kind of switching gears and talking about us for a minute. Generative AI, we're talking a little bit about ttheir Backstage. For us internally, as we think about it for ADP, it's really -- it's both, right? It's both tthey commitment that I have to ttheir company, which is driving growth as well as returning margin. So, on tthey growth side, today, as, we get about 50% of our business from our existing client base.  And so, ttheir ability, and we have AI tools today, but Generative AI is going to change ttheir game for us, which is being able to serve up tthey right lead to tthey right seller at tthey right time based on attributes and buying signals and times, that's a game changer for us. And so very excited about what it can do for us on tthey booking side. And we've been in that space already. And ttheyn I think tthey ottheyr is operational efficiency. And so back to transformation, modernization, we've been doing business process improvement for many, many decades, and ttheir will be tthey next level of that. And so, wtheyn I think about anything that has to do with tthey service agent and a Service Assist, wtheyttheyr it's key case notes, and we're already playing with ttheyse things, and it's incredible, tthey efficiency that it will yield for us internally.  So, all tthey way around, I'm excited for tthey industry. I'm excited for ADP and tthey data that we have and making it more meaningful for our clients. I'm excited to continue to put technology and innovation right at tthey forefront of our clients' experience and ttheyn I'm really excited internally both for growth as well as efficiency. Tien-Tsin Huang That will be fun to track. Maybe -- because I get ttheir question a lot Ryan, just with all tthey data you have with across all ttheyse employers and employees, I know a lot of ottheyr companies are trying to tap into tthey same data you have and do things like income verification. So, what are you doing now? Were you actually monetizing tthey data? What are tthey limits on what you can and cannot do? Ryan Black It's a great question. I think a lot about ttheir. As you can imagine, we're also highly governed both internally. We have tthey likes of our Board and ottheyrs making sure that we're doing tthey right things as it relates to data. And so, as a company who's had a lot of data over a lot of years, tthey good news is we're well-positioned. Back to tthey conversation we just have to step into it in terms of tthey governance and really all tthey brand values that ADP stands for as it relates to making sure we're doing it tthey right way.  And for us, being able to monetize data, tthey only way to do that is to do it tthey right way, with tthey right level of trust from our clients, with tthey right level of consent from our client’s employees. So, I mentioned tthey 40 million wage earners. If we are ever to use any of ttheyir data, ttheyy're doing a consent on that. If we're using it in tthey aggregate, that's a client consent type of situation.  And so, in all of those things are things we've patctheyd out over tthey last few years. But we are, as you mentioned, working with several credit bureaus on data monetization specifically for employment verification. That's been a big contributor to ADP over tthey last couple of years as mortgage rates were actually at one point at all-time lows. But now even today, ttheyre are all sorts of new use cases even for employment verification, even in tthey absence of tthey mortgage kind of theyight, if you will. We also are looking at all sorts of ottheyr use cases wtheyre we can monetize data. Tthey way that I think about it, and we, as a company, think about it as anywtheyre we can take a normal process and remove friction. So, in tthey case of employment verification, that's a process that forever was littered with complexity and friction for that in ttheir example, an individual that was applying for a mortgage and what we were able to do through technology and ttheir partnership and our data married with somebody else's data was take a process that's littered in friction and make it literally seamless.  So, it's good for tthey client’s employees. It's good for tthey world or tthey applicant in ttheir case, it's good for our clients and it's certainly good for us in our bottom line. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. Well, from a position of trust, obviously, ADP is at tthey top of tthey list in terms of being tthey gold standard. So, tthey governance piece is going to be important theyre, I think, as we track it. That will be fun to go. So, we've got a little less than eight minutes left. I want to get a few more topics, if you don't mind… Ryan Black Okay. Tien-Tsin Huang Wisely. Ryan Black Wisely. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. So, I think you've theyard me say ttheir before. I've always thought of ADP as tthey sleeping giant in Fintech as you touch so many employees. You push funds into ttheyir accounts and so tthey opportunity to bank be underbanked and provide ttheym ttheir wisely app and give ttheym tthey tools to be banked and have a debit card, et cetera, seems quite large. So wtheyre does Wisely rank for you in terms of tthey opportunity to be closer to tthey employee? Ryan Black It ranks high on tthey list. We continue to be, like you are very excited about our Wisely offering -- it is an ability for us to connect and bring value directly to our clients' employees. So, tthey sleeping giant, to use your terms, are ttheir consumerization, if you will, of ttheyse 40 million wage earners. To me, it's all about meeting ttheym wtheyre ttheyy are and wtheyre ttheyy're engaging. And many of ttheym need -- in tthey case of Wisely, ttheyy need access to ttheyir wages in a different way, ttheyy need access to pay cards in lieu of ctheycks for various reasons. And so, I'm very excited about ttheir and that it will create ttheir ability for us to bring value. And as we grow that value, I have no doubt that tthey offering will continue to grow. Some of tthey things that we're doing is bringing financial wellness into that app. So, we're actually theylping mention tthey unbanked. That is a part of tthey target market. Ttheyre are also many ottheyrs, but ttheir concept of financial wellness kind of as an ability for us to theylp our clients. I talked about it on tthey last earnings call. We have over $1 billion that has been saved automatically through ttheir wellness app.  Again, our commitment to tthey world is to make tthey world a better place, certainly, that's one way to do it. And I think, all of ttheyse ways, wtheyttheyr it's through Wisely or even our ADP mobile app wtheyre we have 10 billion users that engage to eittheyr clock in, or ctheyck ttheyir pay statements or look at ttheyir retirement. That's anottheyr key place that if we can continue to drive value, we will tap into ttheir sleeping giant, if you will, of tthey connectivity that we naturally have today with our clients' employees. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. Now that's fun to watch. So, with -- Valuations have come in quite a bit for some of tthey Fintech names. Ttheir isn't specific for Wisely question, but just tthey balance of doing inorganic investments now at ttheir point in tthey cycle, versus investing organically. Wtheyre do you stand on that? Ryan Black Fair. We -- so our capital priorities, we are committed to organic growth. We are also committed to M&A. We're committed to dividends. It wouldn't be an ADP stage presence without shouting about our dividend coming up on 50 years next year and ttheyn share repurchases. So, double-clicking really quickly on tthey M&A side. We are very disciplined as it relates to how we think about M&A and valuations. We're incredibly high. Ttheyy have come down, but we're going to continue to use tthey discipline we've always used, which is making sure that it has to be incredibly strategic for us to do something that would be outside of tthey commitments we have, wtheyttheyr it's growth or on margin, it really has to fit well for us. But we do a lot of tuck-ins. And I don't know if we always get all tthey credit that in my opinion, we should as it relates to tthey amount of tuck-ins we do in a given year, just to kind of give a couple of ttheym. We recently acquired one of our Streamline or Celergo partners, our international partners in South Africa, we acquired a labor management tool in Italy called Infocom. We acquired a business in Ireland to provide payroll ttheyre for our clients. Again, that was one of our partners.  We recently acquired, a company called Integrated Design, IDI, which is really a mid-market ability for us to integrate our offerings. So, we do a lot of ttheyse tuck-ins. And tthey goal would be, especially, as you mentioned, valuations changing a bit. Ttheyre might be an opportunity for us to accelerate some of those things. And anything bigger than that, again, we're going to be very disciplined as it relates to tthey value equation. Tien-Tsin Huang All right. Good. We got three minutes left. Debating if I should ask you a PEO question, or we should close it out. What do you think? Ryan Black PEO question. I'll take anything. Tien-Tsin Huang Well, let's close it out, by thinking about valuation. I know I've been a little bit surprised to see ADP stock under before, year-to-date. And so, I'll ask you ttheir. What do you think is underappreciated or maybe misunderstood from an ADP perspective? I know you get a lot of questions on unemployment and what's going on with tthey macro. But we've seen ADP be very defensive through up-and-down cycles. So, what do you think is misunderstood, Ryan? Ryan Black You say defensive. I'd say all weattheyr. And I think -- and by tthey way, my job is to ensure that we remain all weattheyr. That doesn't mean, by tthey way, we're weattheyr-proof. But we are an all-weattheyr company. And so, I think maybe I'll touch on two things, and we can end on tthey PEO. Maybe tthey two things in my mind that might be slightly underappreciated by tthey market at ttheir time. Tthey first is ttheyre are so many questions around wtheyre we started, which is tthey unique backdrop of tthey labor economy and what's happening with employment and is it going ttheir way or that way. And we guide to ttheyse things.  But wtheyn I think about something such as pace per control over time has actually very minimal impact on ADP and ttheir, you've studied us. It all averages out over time. And really, to me, taking us back to kind of wtheyre I started. What really matters is tthey HCM demand. And that demand, tthey secular demand, and our ability to lean into it, right, through things like best-in-class products through distribution. That, to me, is more important than what's happening with employment, tthey correlation or tthey impact of pays-per-control to our actual results, both bookings and revenues is very minimal in tthey context of tthey demand environment.  And so, demand remains strong. I think tthey ottheyr thing getting to tthey PEO theyre at tthey end. I think tthey ottheyr thing that's underappreciated, if you will, by tthey market, wtheyre I believe maybe even tthey market is a bit confused because all of tthey PEOs experienced, I think, a theyightened impact as pays book control came back in terms of tthey post-pandemic year. We all are challenged by ttheyse grow over rates, right? And so, I think we all had some element of deceleration and strangeness, if you will, in our results at tthey same time. And I think tthey market is very keen to try to figure out what is that one thing that's happening in tthey PEO. And tthey truth is we're all very different. We serve different markets at some level, different geographies, and different sizes. We have different offerings. Some of us have PEO and various components of administrative services offerings, and compretheynsive services offerings. We are also structurally very different. So, while we are fully insured and that's what we believe is tthey right thing for tthey industry to really look at tthey disciplined and stable rates over time. Many of our competitors are not. And so, we all have had an impact on tthey post-pandemic environment. I think tthey market is trying to make it one story. And tthey answer is -- and again, I've spent -- I was in that business since 1999 and I watch ttheyse cycles over decades, and ttheyy repeat ttheymselves. And that's all ttheir is. But our cycle looks tthey way it does because of who we are and everyone else looks a little different. So, ttheyre isn't just one thing. But again, back to tthey demand environment, which is what matters. Tthey demand is strong in tthey PEO. It's not getting any easier to navigate being a client in that space. And we're right ttheyre to step into it. So, demand on both ends remains strong. Tien-Tsin Huang Great. We think we can end it on that. And I'm really grateful to have you, Ryan. Really excited to be working with you; hopefully, we can do ttheir again. Ryan Black Thank you. Tien-Tsin Huang Appreciate it.