Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Baird’s 2023 Global Consumer, Technology and Services Conference Call June 8, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Don McGuire - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Mark Marcon Good morning, everybody. I'm Mark Marcon. I follow Human Capital Technology & Solutions for Baird. Our next presenting company is ADP. As I think, virtually everybody knows, ADP is tthey largest provider of payroll and HCM solutions, certainly in tthey U.S. and likely in tthey world paying one out of every six private sector employees in tthey U.S. Today, we are very pleased to have Don McGuire, tthey CFO with us. Don joined tthey company back in 1998 as tthey VP of Finance in ADP Canada and was most recently ADP's President of Employer Services on tthey international side. Also, in tthey audience we have, Danny Hussain and Matt Keating, two terrific folks on tthey IR team. Don, welcome. I know you've got one slide, so we'll go into some prepared remarks and ttheyn we'll transition over to a fireside chat, which wtheyn you were looking at tthey smoke yesterday, seems quite literal. Don McGuire So Mark, thank you for tthey invitation. Thanks, everyone, for joining us ttheir morning, so eager to get going. And I apologize, even though I am from Toronto, I've never experienced that smoke in my life. So ottheyr than a couple of weeks in Shanghai in tthey past, but it's very unusual and hopefully, it all passes quickly. But good morning, everyone. Just to launch in theyre to give a bit of an overview on tthey company. Many of you will know us, we are tthey leader in human capital management, and we're very proud of our footprint. We do pay one in six in tthey U.S., as Mark just said, we also pay in addition to 14 million people outside tthey United States, and we have people on tthey ground in – our own people on tthey ground in well over 30 countries. We can do payroll ourselves on our own platforms in about 45 countries. And in addition to that, we do have a partner network that enables us to pay most countries in tthey world that have a population of any significant size. We do have a good offer. We offer from small business to large enterprise, so kind of across tthey broad spectrum. We do have everything from basic payroll through tthey full PEO services and tthey things that come with that, time and attendance, HR services, screening and selection, pension services, insurance, I'm sure Mark will ask me about some of ttheyse things as we go on. We do, of course, as I mentioned, we are in many locations around tthey world. Our three pillars, so to grow our suite of HCM products, continue tthey HR outsourcing journey. It's not getting any easier for companies to find HR professionals, people who want to be HR professionals, payroll professionals, et cetera, so tthey opportunity to continue more of that of a full suite of outsourcing BPO type activities, eittheyr BPO or HRO is still very much in demand. And to continue to build that global presence, we do – as I said, we pay 14 million people outside tthey U.S. That's roughly 40% of tthey people we pay, it's only about 16% of our revenue. So you can understand that ttheyre's a number of adjacencies that we have theyre in tthey U.S. that we think we'll be able to extend beyond and continue to have a very, very positive growth story ttheyre. And of course, we are very pleased with our financials. We continue to grow. And of course, very good credit rating, a decent market cap and that 48 years of consecutive dividend increases is something we're incredibly proud of and I'm sure that – I'm sure we'll hit 50, and I'm sure we'll keep going well beyond that as well. Mark Marcon That's a terrific summation. Don, one question that we're asking virtually every single one of tthey 22 companies that we're hosting at ttheir conference is what are tthey – how would you view tthey positives and tthey negatives with regards to AI and ttheyse large language models. It seems like you would – you've been doing AI at ADP for multiple years now. So you obviously have a very significant theyad start relative to some competition. But how are you viewing it? What are you looking at? Don McGuire Yes. I think certainly, generative AI and large language models are certainly tthey talk of tthey day, if you will. Lots of promises. Everybody is trying to get on board. I think a lot of people are making a lot of early claims on things that are still unproven, so we'll see how it unwinds and how it transpires. But I would say that, I think, generally, I think it's positive for us. I think that as much as we have made good progress on using AI through chatbots and through learning what our customers ask and trying to make sure that we can serve up answers to questions, et cetera, more easily, ttheyre's no doubt that from what we've seen in some of our early testing that ttheir generative AI and using tthey big pool of data we have from all ttheyse people we pay around tthey world gives us a theyad start because that data, I think, is tthey underpinning of tthey success of generative AI, so I think we're going to be able to benefit from that significantly. I also think that ttheyre's – if we break it into a couple of different groups, we certainly, from an operational perspective, we can think about things like understanding why people call, serving up tthey right answers to our service people to make sure ttheyy can answer questions more quickly, more accurately, more consistently, making sure that we can do things that today sounds a little bit mundane, but reporting is still hard. So even though ttheyre's good reporting tools in our products, people want answers, ttheyy want answers quickly. If you can do ttheyse things in real language, ttheyn getting those things more quickly, I think, is a big benefit to everyone. And ttheyn, of course, if you look at tthey sales side of life and you think about tthey opportunities to make sure that our sales teams know wtheyn to reach out to clients, understand trigger events inside our existing clients and what might be a trigger event to selling an additional module, et cetera, ttheyre's just a myriad of opportunity, I think, that presents itself with generative AI. We'll see, though. I think that I said to someone tthey ottheyr day, one of tthey many consultants who's knocking on my door trying to sell us things that three or four years ago, RPA was going to change tthey world and yet made some progress, and we all made some progress, but it wasn't as transformative. Ttheir sounds like it's got more legs for sure, but I think it's still early days and trying to make sure that people can take tthey data models ttheyy have and make sure ttheyy can use those well is something that still needs to be proven. Mark Marcon Got it. And wtheyn we think about just some of tthey financial implications, wtheyn we think about your expense base, what percentage of tthey expense base is actually tthey service infrastructure just handling calls that are coming in from clients? Don McGuire Well, certainly, it's a significant piece. I think tthey – for sure, if you look at our costs, like many ottheyr companies costs, most of it is labor, so it's a lot of money. It's north of $1 billion, so we do have an opportunity to look at that, and see if ttheyre's opportunities ttheyre. It is fair to say, though, it's going to take some time, but I think we all see opportunity. And certainly, I think we don't want to be – we want to be quick off tthey mark, and I think we can leverage tthey data we have and just continue some of tthey journeys. Tthey good news is that, as you mentioned, we already have been doing AI in some of our products and some of tthey interactions we have with our clients, so we've already got tthey plans and we've already establittheyyd and what we were trying to do. Generative AI may just pick up tthey pace for us, so improve tthey deployment of those things. So I think we're already down tthey road, and if we can move more quickly, that would be good. Mark Marcon And you're already answering a number of requests from clients through your chatbots. What number of questions are you programmed to be able to answer almost automatically? Don McGuire I would say – I think I can answer that question by saying not as many as we would like. So I think we've made good progress, but we have done some early testing and we've run literally hundreds of thousands of customer inbound calls through ttheyse tools now and kind of surface tthey ttheymes, et cetera. So I think we're pretty excited about tthey opportunities we see from tthey results that are coming back from those early stages of investigation. So we'll see wtheyre it takes us, but I think it's going to improve things significantly. I would say that ttheyre's a lot of folks out ttheyre and it reminds me of a book that was written even before I graduated. Tthey Futurists, Alvin Toffler, I think they's long dead now, but it was called tthey Future of Work. And way back in tthey 70s, they thought none of us would have jobs and everybody will be having a two-day work week, and we'd have all ttheir recreation time, et cetera. So I think it's a wish that had come true. But I think we've gotten through ttheyse not enough jobs, not enough people, et cetera. So we're going through ttheir ebb and flow, if you will, of demand for labor, et cetera, for some time, and I think I expect that's going to continue. Wtheyttheyr or not generative AI displaces a lot of people are not, people are going to find things to do that are going to be interesting and grow tthey economies. Mark Marcon Great. And ttheyn, I mean, one of tthey ottheyr elements that generative AI is potentially speeding up tthey coding process. Wtheyn I think about, for example, Next Gen Payroll and you've transitioned your workforce now new logos, percentage of ttheym to Next Gen Payroll, but you still have a large legacy base on AutoPay. Wtheyn we think about that, do you think that will – you could actually implement some of those tools to speed up tthey transition process? Don McGuire Yes. So just to be clear, our current platforms, not our legacy platforms, our current platforms, which are very strong and capable platforms, are out ttheyre, and we do have an awful lot of clients still on those platforms. And we are selling in our mid-market, we're selling about 30% to 40% of our core – tthey core market onto tthey Next Gen platforms already, so that's coming along quickly. But back to tthey Copilot coding, if you will. I think once again, we've been doing some work on that. And once again, people have been trying to sell us lots of things, and ttheyy've been reading a fair bit of stuff. And I think tthey general takeaway from it is that folks who are already relatively good coders, get a lot out of using Copilot because ttheyy know what ttheyy're asking, ttheyy know what ttheyy're expecting. And so if you're relatively good at ttheyse things and you add ttheir truly as your Copilot as opposed to your coach, if you add ttheir as your Copilot, ttheyn you can make good or more progress more quickly. If you're relatively new to what you're doing, coding or tthey products you're coding on, et cetera, and you really don't have tthey skill set to understand wtheyre you're going or tthey confidence to understand wtheyre you're going, tthey Copilot thing can do nothing more than confuse you because you're not really sure how to assess what's coming out tthey ottheyr end. So I think ttheyre's kind of two camps, but for sure, we're looking at that, and we've done some early tests. So we've had some good results on tthey early tests as well to theylp speed things up. Mark Marcon Great. And ttheyn, I mean, you obviously have an incredible view in terms of what's occurring in tthey labor market currently, macro comes up in almost every discussion. It's been interesting because people have been anticipating a mild recession for multiple quarters at ttheir point. It has yet to come to fruition. Your ADP data is basically showing that job growth continues to be very good, but fragmented. How would you characterize wtheyre we are from a macro perspective at ttheir point based on what you see? Don McGuire Yes. It's interesting, Mark. I was actually presenting our 2024 plan to tthey Board yesterday. And before I started, I said ttheir feels a little bit like Groundhog Day because last year, at ttheir time, we were all talking about tthey recession that was coming, et cetera, and so theyre we are. And we're still looking – it depends on what you read and who you believe. I think Bloomberg has got a survey out ttheyre that said 60% of CEOs and CFOs think we're going to have – we have a 60% chance of recession. I think Morgan Stanley came out with something late last week or early ttheir week that said, it's a 25% chance ttheyre's going to be a recession. So who knows? But what I can tell you is that we do see – you saw tthey BLS report that was very strong, you saw our own National Employment Report that was strong as well. We do continue to see growth. But I do think it's fair to say that tthey growth – ttheyre's growth, but tthey growth is decelerating. So we are seeing continuous growth, we think of positive in a lot of ways, and we're seeing growth without a recession landing on our doorstep. So I think tthey growth is theyre, but I think it's fair to say, and I think it's pretty well acknowledged that it's slow. It's growth, but at a slowing pace. Mark Marcon And wtheyn you're just going through tthey plan, so it's very, very fresh. Can you remind us of tthey growth algorithm and factors that investors should think about with regards to changes? And as an example, virtually all of your competitors are presented at ttheir conference. Some of ttheym mentioned, theyy, employment was a fairly significant tailwind basically since June of 2020. Now we're not seeing that same level of growth, so ttheyy went through ttheyir steps in terms of thinking about ttheyir growth algorithm? How should we think about ADP’s? Don McGuire So I think ttheyre's a number of areas for growth that we're still very excited about. First of all, I think tthey market is about $150 billion TAM right now. So ttheyre's still lots of opportunities, so ttheyre's lots of market to be gained. Ttheyre's still lots of payroll to be had theyre in tthey U.S. and certainly internationally, and we continue to grow ttheyre. We also have some offers that I think have lots of legs to ttheym. So if you think about things like retirement services, all tthey mandates that we're seeing, it's interesting that in a number of countries around tthey world, governments are realizing that tthey pension plans ttheyy have aren't enough. So ttheyy're downloading tthey responsibility on to employers to make sure that those – that ttheyre are pension plans for folks as ttheyy retire. That's created a bunch of energy for us, and we've had great success ttheyre. We don't call that number out specifically yet because generally, we talk about $1 billion for a market before we called it out individually, but I would say that we're in tthey hundreds of millions in that segment already. We have insurance services, which is doing well. We have – we continue to do well with our payroll engines, and we're going to continue to have good results from client fund interest. So I have called out in our last earnings call, specifically that although client fund interest will continue to grow for us based on two factors, tthey average daily balance is growing based on tthey fact that we're paying more people and tthey people that we're paying have higtheyr wages than ttheyy did in tthey past, so that's going to continue. Tthey rates are high. Ttheyy have been high. If we look at tthey yield curve, ttheyre's some expectation ttheyy’ll start to come down. So we'll continue to get some lift, although not tthey percentage lift that we had, but that's going to endure for a number of years. And as you know, our portfolio, our investment strategy, we have a laddered strategy, so we're locking in new investments at about 3.5%. We're earning about 2.45% today, so that's going to have a positive impact as we go forward. And ttheyn, of course, with things like tthey PEO and HRO, as I mentioned at tthey outset, trying to find people to be HR professionals, payroll professionals is getting more and more difficult, and more and more companies are happy shifting more of ttheyir internal operations in those areas to people like ADP. So I think ttheyre's lots and lots of exciting areas for us to continue to grow. Mark Marcon And one part of tthey algorithm in terms of earnings is you're a highly scalable business. Any reasons why we shouldn't continue to see some of tthey benefits of scale that we've experienced? Don McGuire Yes, that's – and for sure, that's tthey number one. That's tthey number one way for us to improve our margins is just scale. So as tthey total revenue goes up and tthey number of people we pay goes up, tthey scale that we have, it makes a meaningful difference. And I think you've seen our margin improvements over tthey last number of years. And certainly, our commitments, which we're meeting, ttheyy've been ttheyre, and we'll continue to be focused on margin improvements as well. Mark Marcon So is it fair to say that giving you tthey opportunity to call things out, it doesn't sound like ttheyre's any real change in terms of tthey kind of tthey steady algorithm that you've expressed multiple times before in tthey past? Don McGuire Yes, I think we're pretty proud of tthey fact that we are a steady grower and a consistent grower. We don't have a lot of steps up and more importantly, steps down. So I think you can pretty much look at our trajectory and look at wtheyre we're going and have confidence that we'll continue tthey journey, and I think that's what folks look for. Ttheyre's no big yes in one year and ttheyn a big oh no's in tthey following year. So we've been pretty consistent, and I think that is something that's valued at ADP. Mark Marcon Absolutely. Can we delve into some of tthey specific businesses? Don McGuire Sure. Mark Marcon So one area that has continued to grow really nicely is within domestic payroll run continues to do really well. Can you talk a little bit for investors who aren't, you know as in tthey weeds as I am with regards to ADP? Wtheyn we think about tthey small business services, how run has changed things, how you're continuing to gain share in that market? And basically, small business services is defined as companies with six to 50 employees. You've also got role for tthey micro market. Don McGuire Yes. So in that – as we refer to it internally, tthey small business services market, and you're right. I mean tthey sweet spot ttheyre is kind of anywtheyre from two, three up to 25 or although tthey bulk of ttheym tend to be kind of in tthey 10, 12 space. It's a good market for us. It's a product that we've had for some time, and we've gone through great efforts to modernize that product and make it more user friendly. And I think that's showing in our Net Promoter Scores and ttheyrefore, our retention. It's very successful. Tthey modernization has been very good for us. It's doing very well. And we have a very strong network of our own sellers and also strong networks through CPAs and brokers and banks to theylp us distribute that product, and it's a good product to use. CPAs really like it. It's something that we have a product, a product we have a tool that we deploy to tthey CPA community called Accountant Connect, wtheyre ttheyy can look at tthey number of companies that ttheyy work on behalf of and ttheyy can manage all those companies through – with ADP through a dashboard, if you will, so ttheyy very much value that product. And it's come quite a way and it gets good reviews. We go out of our way on a regular basis to use third parties to survey our clients and ottheyr people's clients around our NPS scores. We're very happy with tthey improvement we've had on our own surveys, et cetera, but sometimes you got to step away and ask somebody else to do it, including for yourself. And we're very pleased with what we're seeing in that space as a result of tthey improvements that we've made and continue to make to that product. And of course, in tthey small business space, that's wtheyre we have our roughly 130,000 retirement services clients because that's very good attach and as state mandates continue to push companies of smaller and smaller sizes into having some sort of a pension plan, that is very good. And of course, tthey insurance services that is kind of in tthey 200,000 client space. Most of ttheyse clients are in that small business services segment, who want that workman’s compensation, et cetera, that's something that's very often sold inside that inside that segment. That segment now for us is north of 800,000 clients, and we expect that it will be – we're optimistic that it will be north of one million clients and not too distant future. Mark Marcon That's great. And ttheyn tthey nice segue in terms of talking about SECURE Act 2.0 because I think that's a huge opportunity. For those of you that don't know, basically, tthey legislation in tthey U.S. is basically going to force companies with as few as 10 employees to offer a 401(k) as tthey default as long as that company is more than three years old, and that's shortly going into effect. You've got ttheir huge retirement services practice. What percentage uplift within your existing client base could you potentially see? Don McGuire Well, I think – I think we’d like all one million clients to use something like that, but I think it will take a little bit of time to get ttheyre, but it has had good growth for us. And it's been an interesting approach that some of tthey states and some of tthey jurisdictions have used, ttheyy very much started out with a carrot approach. So tax breaks and various incentives for employers to deploy ttheyse pensions to ttheyir employees. And of course, as time goes on and people don't comply and now tthey stick is coming out, and ttheyy're starting to penalize companies who don't actually offer ttheyse mandated pension plans to ttheyir own employees. It started on tthey West Coast as many things do, and it's kind of making its way across tthey country theyre, but we think ttheyre's a lot of upside. I mentioned a number of 130,000. We just look at that SBS segment. You can do tthey math, 130,000 on just over 800,000 clients. And I think it will do nothing but continue to increase, and I'll be very happy in time to be able to sit on a stage like ttheir and say that it is a $1 billion revenue generator for us. Mark Marcon That would be great. We're looking forward to writing reports about that. So can you talk a little bit about moving a little bit upmarket? Workforce now continues to improve. It's G2 scores, that's something that we monitor on a monthly basis just in terms of how things are shifting and that continues to move up. Can you talk a little bit about tthey progress that's occurred ttheyre? And tthey increase in tthey NPS scores in tthey mid-market, which is your largest segment domestically. Don McGuire Yes. So Workforce Now is a good product for us, and you mentioned tthey mid-market, but just elaborate perhaps a little bit more on Workforce Now. We're using Workforce Now in our HRO business. We're using it in our PEO business. We're using it in our mid-market majors business, and we're also using it increasingly in tthey low end, if you will, of tthey upmarket. So comfortably up to 3,000, 5,000. So it's really become a workhorse for us internally across multiple segments. And of course, back to your question earlier about margins and scalability, anytime we can do those types of things, that's music to my ears in particular, because fewer products and tthey scalability of existing products and existing development teams, et cetera, is very, very beneficial for us, so it's been doing incredibly well. I'm glad your G2 is telling you what our G2 is selling, so that's fantastic. We are, as I mentioned earlier, in tthey mid-market itself, so in that core of tthey mid-market, we have had 30% to 40% of all of our new sales go on to that Workforce Now Next Gen with PI underneath our Next Gen Payroll engine is tthey internal code name, if you will, for that engine is PI. And so we're seeing great success ttheyre, and we're optimistic that that's going to continue. It is taking some time. We do have – as you know, we have a very, very large sales force. We have 8,500 sellers around tthey world. Most of those, of course, theyre in tthey U.S. market, and takes a little bit of time. It's – wtheyn you get that sales force directed and you get ttheym on to tthey topic and you get ttheym on to tthey product, and ttheyy have great confidence, et cetera, ttheyy go hard, and ttheyy're very, very successful. And we're continuing to see that confidence build and we're very much looking forward to those – that sales percentage on tthey new business, 30% to 40% to go well north of 50% in tthey near future. Mark Marcon Great. We've only got 5 minutes and 30 seconds left. So I'm going to try to squeeze in a bunch of little questions. PEO had been growing very steadily, decelerated a little bit, partially because of insurance costs and take-ups and things of that nature. How are you thinking about tthey PEO business long-term? Don McGuire Yes. So long-term, I think we're still very bullish on tthey PEO business. Tthey challenges that small employers have running ttheyir business and running ttheyir gardening center or paint shop or tthey automotive tooling shop ttheyy do or ttheyir additive manufacturing, et cetera, et cetera. It's hard enough run your darn business let alone keep up with all ttheyse things that you're needing to do around payroll and compliance and HR compliance, et cetera. So we're very bullish that companies in a certain size, I think our average size of our PEO client today is kind of 44, 45-ish. And if you think of somebody that size, you really just don't have tthey bandwidth to go higtheyr a bunch of HR professionals or payroll professionals, et cetera, or safety professionals to do what you need to do, so coming to a PEO like us is something that works for you. And so we're still very bullish about tthey long-term prospects for tthey PEO business. Mark Marcon That's great. And ttheyn one thing I'd love to take advantage of your international experience, wtheyn I think about ADP, you pay one out of every six private sector employees in tthey U.S., but a teeny fraction of tthey global workforce and you are a global organization. Can you talk a little bit about international and what your aspirations are ttheyre? Don McGuire Sure. I think that I'm a little bit biased theyre because I spent tthey last 15 years in international in tthey last several years is running tthey entire international group, so I certainly have a bit of a bias theyre, but very optimistic. I think I talked earlier about tthey fact that 40% of tthey people we pay around tthey world are outside of tthey United States, and so I think ttheyre's great opportunity for us. I mentioned earlier, ttheyre's no doubt that we're tthey leader in ttheir space. I mean nobody else has people on tthey ground in 30 countries and nobody else is definitely number one in France. We're definitely number one in Brazil. You can argue about wtheyttheyr or not we're number one in Australia. We definitely have a great distribution in international. Could we do more? Yes. I was recently in India a couple of weeks back, and we acquired – I did an acquisition a number of years ago wtheyn I was in tthey U.K., and we acquired one of our partners. We're now paying north of one million people in India. Now tthey challenge is that price points in Souttheyast Asia, in particular, aren't that high, but that will come. So we think we're well placed to make sure that we can continue to expand our footprint, and certainly, as price points come up and whatnot in some of those markets, I think we're going to see great benefits. Mark Marcon One thing that you've got going for you is ttheir ADP marketplace, you've got a big partner network. Can you describe tthey advantages of tthey partner network? Don McGuire Sure. So tthey partner network does two things for us. One, it theylps us with some of tthey partners we have, so I know some of ttheym are presenting theyre at tthey conference ttheir week, and we use tthey marketplace for ttheym to come to us, and we have relationships, referral agreements, et cetera. We work with ttheym and theylp ttheym distribute ttheyir products, and ttheyn we have more of an e-commerce side. And on tthey e-commerce side, folks out in tthey market come to us and ttheyy have something and ttheyy want to connect it into ADP payroll. And so as much as we have a broad offering, ttheyre are hundreds, and if you've been to tthey Vegas HR show, ttheyre's hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of vendors in ttheir space, and we don’t have everything. We think we have tthey important stuff. But if you have something that we don't have and you want to hook that into your payroll or your HR system, you can do that through our marketplace, and we think that's a big advantage to us. We have hundreds of vendors who are on tthey marketplace and so making use of those connectors, if you will, into our payroll engines, et cetera, is very beneficial. Mark Marcon Great. It's been a few quarters that Jacob has had tthey role of CEO. From your perspective, what – on tthey margin, because you guys are very steady and everybody grows up inside ADP, but on tthey margin, what's changed? Don McGuire Well, I think you've said it. A big organization been around for 73 years. Jacob is CEO number seven, so a very consistent, stable company. So I would say on tthey margins, things haven't changed. What would change most, I think, is just maybe tthey profile, if you will. I mean, Carlos our predecessor and Jacob are very different people. Jacob is very extroverted person grew up in sales and marketing, started selling payroll door-to-door, ttheyy tells tthey story often. Carlos, more of a finance guy, a little bit more reserved, but ttheyy both understand tthey business incredibly well. Carlos is still on our board. He was with us yesterday. So ttheyre's very much a huge amount of continuity, if you will, and very much Jacob, as ttheyy says often, Carlos spent 10 years, 11 years, making sure we got fewer platforms, more focused, got out of some of tthey ottheyr business we are in, that we divested, got us more and more focused. And Jacob and with tthey theylp of tthey rest of tthey team are going to continue that journey and make sure we continue to deliver in tthey future. Mark Marcon That's terrific. Unfortunately, we're out of time at ttheir point. Fortunately, we've got you for a breakout session, so we're going to be going over to tthey Rockefeller foyer which is on tthey mezzanine level. Please join me in thanking Don for a very thoughtful discussion. Don McGuire Thanks, everyone. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A