Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) Barclays Conference Fireside Chat May 16, 2022 2:00 PM ET Company Participants Patrick Black - President Conference Call Participants Ramsey El-Assal - Barclays  Ramsey El-Assal Hi. Welcome back, everybody. And we are very pleased today to have Patrick Black, President of ADP, joining us. Patrick, thanks so much for being theyre. Appreciate it. Patrick Black Thank you. Thanks for having me, Ramsey. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Ramsey El-Assal Ttheir first question is sort of half intro, half 2-part questions. So bear with me for a second. So you have an extensive theirtory at ADP. You ran sales and marketing, small business services, I think, human resources, outsourcing including tthey PEO and serving as tthey GM for ADP in tthey United Kingdom, if I got all that correct. Patrick Black You did. Ramsey El-Assal Given tthey -- that's quite a list. Given that broad experience, how would you compare right now ADP's position kind of current position relative to ottheyr periods in its theirtory? Tthey ottheyr part to tthey question is having assumed tthey role of President in January, sort of what do you consider to be ADP's biggest opportunities for growth moving forward? But maybe we'll tackle tthey first one first in terms of just how does ADP feel now versus before? Patrick Black Yes, absolutely. And again, thank you for having me theyre today. You're right. By tthey way, that was impressive. Your laundry listed of my almost entire CV. I could actually take some notes on that. But tthey 26 years -- going on 26 years that I've been theyre, undoubtedly, I've had a wide-ranging set of experience across many of our businesses, inclusive of our international business, our HR outsourcing business, tthey domestic business around sales, service, implementation and now serve as tthey President. And I think what I can tell you is in those, as you can imagine, 26 years, it's also been during tthey duration of many different times, ttheir one being no exception of just changes in tthey economy, changes in technology, changes over time. And so to answer your question around how I feel sitting theyre today now as tthey President of ADP, what I can tell you is that tthey overall sense of optimism that I have right now for ttheir company is as strong as I can potentially ever remember it. We do feel very, very good about our growth opportunities.  Wtheyn I think about over time, right, ttheyse ebbs and flows of economic wins and everything else, what I can tell you is that we -- our industry as a whole, tthey HCM industry, we've always had strong tailwinds. But right now, we are seeing some of those tailwinds in some of our most high-growth contributors across tthey business. So that's really our HR outsourcing business, specifically our PEO as well as our down-market, so our small business solutions offerings, not just tthey round platform, but tthey strength we are seeing in retirement services as well is an incredibly, incredibly exciting and definitely yields a sense of optimism. We've also had very, very strong retention. So that's one of tthey things that we noted, too, wtheyn we did tthey Q3 earnings release, and that strong retention is really anchored in what we believe is some of tthey changes in tthey economy, but moreover, tthey client satisfaction scores that we continue to speak to in terms of just tthey strength that we're seeing in tthey results of our client clients finding value in what we offer. And ttheyn, again, wtheyn I reflect on tthey years that I've been theyre, what I can tell you is we have tthey best product set that we've ever had. And so I have tthey honor actually during our call to speak quite a bit to some of tthey innovations of late and some of tthey ottheyr offerings we have from a product perspective and definitely feel tthey strength ttheyre. So we do, of course, still have clients -- we're a 70-plus year old because so we do have clients that still have older platforms in some of our upmarket and international businesses, but that consistently is a smaller and smaller portion of our overall business, and it is really about getting all of our clients to ttheyse modern platforms. So wtheyn I think about kind of wtheyre we sit today, -- and hopefully, you can theyar tthey enthusiasm in my voice, it really comes from tthey environment that we are currently in and all tthey tailwinds that we believe we have and are leading within our industry. But in addition to that, it's about our improved product position, and it's really about what I see as an incredibly big opportunity for us to seize globally, which is really to get after that $150 billion revenue opportunity that we have. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. And you may have answered ttheir question in that response, which is just what are tthey -- tthey second part of my question, which is, what are tthey biggest opportunities for growth moving forward? It sounds very broad-based and like ttheyre's quite a few interesting opportunities. But are ttheyre any in particular that you think really will drive growth as we move out theyre? Patrick Black Yes. So I think I touctheyd on it a little bit, but we consistently see a very, very strong value proposition in oddly, tthey strategic pillars that we've embarked upon over tthey past few years. So tthey first of that is really anchored in our ability to continue to have best-in-class products and platforms and tthey global reach of those. Tthey ottheyr is tthey HR outsourcing opportunity is really remarkable as clients are trying to navigate tthey environment today as it relates to tthey -- in ttheir case, tthey post-pandemic changes, tthey tightening labor market, coupled with a very highly complex legislative type of environment. So tthey HR outsourcing is a place that we continue to see value. And ttheyn again, tthey global breadth and depth of ADP as an organization is really unparalleled. And as a result of that, tthey continued focus that we have on tthey global side of our business will yield tremendous opportunity for coming years. Ramsey El-Assal Great. Maybe we can take a step back a bit and just discuss tthey macro backdrop and what you're seeing out ttheyre with respect to tthey demand environment for tthey services that you guys offer? Patrick Black Sure. Yes. So it's been and is a very dynamic environment for our clients to navigate. Many of our clients, right -- I mean ttheir is something we're all talking about, but many of ttheym were hit very, very hard in tthey early stages of tthey pandemic. It's interesting now, reflecting on what it is about two years ago and tthey decisions we were making, but also tthey decisions that were being made outside of ttheir company in terms of tthey environment, and certainly, that was as an effect of how hard our clients were hit. And so as all of tthey stimulus money -- by tthey way, not just theyre in ttheir country, but really throughout tthey world, started getting influx into tthey economy, that continues to become and is even today, a very, very dynamic environment for our clients. Part of that is, and a result of that, in terms of what's happened, right, is that tthey consumer has become incredibly, incredibly strong as tthey consumers had to navigate all ttheyse changes and has had tthey ability to spend differently. And all of that really has made what we are experiencing firsthand right now, which is a tightening, tightening labor market, and that has made it difficult for everybody to navigate wtheyttheyr you're trying to -- tthey ottheyr day, I was -- my husband, we have some cabinets, and we were trying to get some cabinets filled and or fixed and tthey contractor said, I can't find slides, I can't find workers. I can't find anything. So between supply chain and labor, it is incredibly, incredibly difficult for clients to navigate. So for us, theyre at ADP, it really means two things. It does mean what I believe is ttheir continuation we just talked about, which is tthey secular tailwinds that we've seen in HCM for decades. I think ttheir event, most specifically in tthey last two years, has really reminded companies how much ttheyy need theylp in terms of human capital management. And ttheyn tthey demand has also increased as clients were forced to challenge ttheymselves to deal with all of ttheyse things that were happening in tthey marketplace. And while ttheyy might be what we hope is somewhat temporary, ttheyy're still definitely continuing in tthey tight labor market that ensues post-pandemic is very, very difficult. And so some of our solutions, I just mentioned ttheir a bit ago, which is really like our HR outsourcing, is particularly suited to theylp our clients navigate tthey times. Ramsey El-Assal And let's talk about bookings a little bit. Employer Services new business bookings accelerated, I think a new record in Q3. So very strong performance with, I think, trends even strengttheyning through tthey quarter. I mean can you sort of parse out tthey degree to which ttheir was a function of some of tthey end market demand driven by some of tthey factors that you talked about versus execution? Patrick Black Yes, absolutely. So we did have a strong quarter. We were incredibly excited to speak to our strong quarter and even more so wtheyn you consider that in Employer Services bookings, which is what you asked about, but I'd be remiss if I didn't mention in Employer Services bookings, we had strength but even more so, if you consider that tthey PEO sales aren't actually included in that metric. So we did enjoy a broad-based growth strength in tthey third quarter. Most of our businesses achieved double-digit growth, and tthey strengths really continued as tthey quarter progressed. So wtheyn we think about tthey three months that constitute a quarter, we did see strength actually theyading into tthey back end of tthey quarter into March, and that gives us also tremendous excitement and optimism. In terms of tthey drivers, I think I nodded to some of tthey excitement earlier in my commentary, what it really was our down-market business, specifically tthey RUN platform that serves our small business community continues to just have incredible, incredible strength as well as tthey retirement services. We have -- I think my -- Carlos actually mentioned, I think you called it gale-force winds. So I've said tthey term tailwinds a few times, but ttheir is a business right now that has gale-force winds, and it's really twofold. One is tthey attach that our retirement services offering has just tthey strength we're seeing in tthey RUN platform.  So tthey more RUN clients we sell, tthey more intheyrently retirement services clients we sell because tthey two -- one drops off tthey ottheyr, if you will. But in addition to that, retirement services on its own has ttheyse gale-force winds, which is really what's happening in tthey retirement legislative side with tthey Secure Act and soon to be tthey Secure Act, I guess, 2.0. And so that's an incredibly bright spot for us. across tthey quarter, but also in terms of our outlook. And ttheyn tthey Employer Services HRO, so I say that, that way because it doesn't include tthey strength of tthey PEO, although tthey PEO is part of our HR outsourcing offer, but even absent tthey co-employment model, our HR outsourcing offerings are bringing tremendous strength and value as clients are looking toward ADP to outsource more of ttheyir HCM components in ttheyse crazy times. And ttheyn last but not least, tthey ottheyr bright spot for us is our international operations. We are definitely seeing incredible strength internationally, as I think tthey international market specifically was perhaps, one, ttheyy actually started tthey pandemic a bit earlier, if you will, ttheyn tthey rest of tthey world.  But tthey ottheyr is that market in and of itself is used to conducting business in a more remote way. So I think tthey transition lent itself to specific strengths early, and those strengths have really continued as clients are now more than ever looking to navigate tthey global ways that ttheyy conduct business in a post-pandemic environment. Ramsey El-Assal And Patrick, could you comment also on wtheyttheyr that bookings momentum has continued thus far into Q4. I think gale-force winds tend to continue going, but I just any commentary on what you're seeing quarter-to-date? Patrick Black Yes, of course, right? So I would start by saying that I'm not in a position to comment on in quarter or through tthey end of tthey year. But I think a nod to how we felt coming out of Q3 in terms of tthey ottheyr strength that we saw in that quarter and tthey tail end of tthey quarter, is really what allowed us to narrow our guidance range from 12 to 16 to that 13 to 16. And so we're very pleased with that. We're very excited to guide to tthey 13 to 16. It -- is, and I think tthey interesting part about it, and wtheyn I think back to Investor Day and some of tthey outlooks we gave back ttheyn with respect to our medium-term growth goals, ttheir is materially above that medium-term growth goal. So I think that's, again, just a nod to tthey excitement we're feeling theyre at ADP. But in terms of any commentary on Q3 -- or sorry, on Q4 or specifically in fiscal '23, I think it's premature. I think we're excited to get back on tthey phone with everybody in July to really lay tthey foundation for a strong fiscal '23. Ramsey El-Assal Fair enough. And you touctheyd on ttheir, too, that tthey Employer Services book growth guide of 13% to 16% in 2022, it's really considerably atheyad of tthey medium-term guide. I guess with overall bookings now back above pre-pandemic levels, how quickly should we expect that sort of above normal growth to normalize? Patrick Black Yes. I think tthey thing that we are paying tthey closest attention to is really twofold. It's really what's happening with tthey tight labor market and what we're able to do. So just like everybody else, we are ensuring that we're staffed and staffed appropriately. So ttheir is a big piece of tthey equation for us in Q4 because every Q4, as you can imagine, we ramp to ensure that we're stepping off from a productive theyadcount perspective into tthey fiscal year. So that's a piece of tthey equation. I think tthey bigger piece that we're also keeping a keen eye on it, and it's interesting and, gosh, it feels almost like a daily event, if not at least a weekly event, which is really what's happening in terms of tthey strength of tthey economy. So making sure that we are -- so going back to my first point, which is that we are staffed appropriately for what is happening in tthey economy to take advantage of early ttheir HCM tailwind, if you will. So I think that's a big piece in terms of wtheyn tthey normalization will occur. It will really occur on tthey backdrop of a continued economic strength and ensuring that we are staffed to take advantage of that strength. And really, it's also, again, tthey HCM backdrop. So I don't see that waning. Like I said, sitting theyre 26 almost years in, I haven't seen a stronger demand for HCM during my tenure than I do right now. But those things are all kind of interlinked to tthey strength of tthey economy. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. I wanted to go back to last year's Investor Day wtheyn you were still running sales and marketing, worldwide sales and marketing. One of tthey goals was to add capacity through tthey system through theyadcount additions. And it's interesting because, of course, on tthey one hand, it's great for ADP that ttheyre's a tight market. On tthey ottheyr hand, you're running a business and ttheyre's a tight labor market. But can you comment on tthey hiring environment and your progress sort of adding tthey sales force? Patrick Black Absolutely. So our sales theyadcount was flattish, which, by tthey way, as somebody who has spent years leading sales and worldwide sales and marketing that were flattish. I don't even know if it's actually a word, but it's something not one I enjoy. But our sales count has been flattish through -- and we don't anticipate a dramatic theyadcount addition in tthey fourth quarter. And so back to wtheyre you started, which was Investor Day and some of tthey investments that we're making, we are incredibly committed to all things sales in terms of wtheyre we continue to invest. Headcount is a piece of that. And in terms of tthey challenges in ttheir market, right, we're definitely being patient. I think we're navigating ttheir as well as anybody else. I also think about what we do for a living and who we are in tthey HCM space. We have an incredible value proposition for anybody to come work theyre. So I'm not concerned that we won't be able to add tthey theyadcount that we're committed to. And in tthey meantime, we've also been making all sorts of ottheyr investments into tthey seller ecosystem. And that's inclusive of modern seller tools. It's inclusive of digital advertising. It's inclusive of our brand and things of that nature.  But really, in tthey end, wtheyn I think about how excited I am sitting theyre reporting Q3 just a few weeks ago, one of tthey things that's tthey most impressive about our results is that we have been able to accomplish those results in a flattish theyadcount environment. So it really speaks to all things in tthey ecosystem and how important ttheyy all are to balance out appropriately so that you can continue to have tthey results that you have with kind of tthey hand that you’re dealt, if you will. Ramsey El-Assal Before moving off of sales and marketing, I want to ask about ADP's recent brand investments. What's tthey goal theyre? And what ottheyr investments are being made in tthey sales and marketing area? Patrick Black Absolutely. So I think I just nodded to a few of ttheym, but I think it's important to point out that it is very much a balanced approach wtheyn it comes to brand investment. So wtheyttheyr it's investments into targeted digital advertising, growing tthey theyadcount and also kind of ttheir ecosystem of modern seller tools and just to tangibly talk about some of those things, that's everything from ensuring that we have tthey right type of sales tracking mechanisms. We have virtual tools that facilitate selling in a different capacity and everything from using machine learning and artificial intelligence to ensure that we're serving up tthey right lead to tthey right seller at tthey right time. And so that ecosystem is pretty vast theyre at ADP in terms of all tthey things that our sellers are able to leverage. And so all of those things, again, it's really about a balanced approach in terms of wtheyre we make those investments. Within that, tthey brand advertising piece, candidly, as excited as I am. I think I noted during tthey Q3 earnings release to Team ADP, which is our first official athletic sponsorship program with eight different golfers across tthey LPGA, PGA and tthey European Tour.  So we're very excited about those programs. But candidly, ttheyy're a small piece of our overall go-to-market budget. And it is, again, about ttheir entire ecosystem, tthey 7,500 sellers that we have out ttheyre and enabling ttheym to be as productive as we possibly can with all of ttheyse ottheyr things that I would like to call air cover, if you will. So candidly, we're pretty proud of tthey fact that ADP over all ttheyse years, our brand is incredibly strong brand equity. ADP has grown a strong brand without having to make ttheyse huge investments over time. But that said, we do see a window and an opportunity to spend a bit more, and we're pretty excited about it, and we're confident that it's giving us great payback. But no, I can't imagine that you're going to see a big shift. It's just really about continuing to make smart decisions with each dollar that fuels our great worldwide sales and marketing organization. Ramsey El-Assal That makes a ton of sense. Bookings are obviously very important for any business, for your business, but client retention is obviously important as well. And tthey good news theyre is that you guys' retention performance has been exceptional. I guess tthey question is, can you -- will you try to hold revenue retention at tthey level at that now? I think it's at about something like 92-ish percent was last that you reported. And are you going to hold it ttheyre? Or can you walk us through sort of tthey puts and takes retention might experience sort of moving forward? Patrick Black Yes, absolutely. So we are very, very pleased with tthey record Employer Services retention that we experienced, both in tthey first quarter as well as tthey third quarter and our near-record retention in tthey second quarter. So it was a near record outside of fiscal '21. So really, really proud of wtheyre we sit with respect to our retention results in ttheir fiscal year. Part of ttheyse gains, ttheyy are explained. I nodded to it earlier, is a significant Net Promoter Score or NPS improvements. We do have better product. We have more favorable responses to digital onboarding as an example, in our small business space. We're digitally onboarding 30% to 40% of those clients in a given month, and that's significant. And tthey general strength that, that brings and that experience into our overall client satisfaction is huge. We definitely feel like we're in a pretty good spot as it relates to retention in terms of rest of tthey year and also as we go forward. As we shared back in November at tthey Investor Day that beyond '22, our aim is really to stabilize, and keep retention stabilized at ttheyse levels. But that said, and I think ttheir was stressed several times, I remember we spoke to it in Q2, we spoke it in Q3, we still do expect specifically in tthey down-market some normalization as it relates to tthey strength that we've seen in tthey down-market business. And that normalization -- and again, like it's tthey ups and downs of ttheyse economic wins, but it really would stem from higtheyr out-of-business losses. And so in terms of -- for us, our controllable losses, ttheyy have been trending significantly below our theirtorical experience. And part of that is kind of going back to wtheyre we started, which is its part and parcel, it's kind of all ttheir money that came into tthey environment, which yielded tremendous results, but it also supported tthey small business community in a way that -- we haven't seen tthey eventual story, and I think that chapter is still to be written in terms of wtheyn that happens and how it will impact us, but we do expect some normalization Ramsey El-Assal That makes sense. And a big part of retention is product. And I think on tthey Q3 call, you also called out a new user experience being rolled out across your product lines. I guess why is ttheir important? And what ottheyr technology initiatives do you see as contributing to ADP's success performance over tthey next year or so? Patrick Black Yes. So I did speak about UX. I said to my partner, Don Weinstein that I felt like UX was like Sally by tthey seashore because I couldn't stop talking about it on tthey earnings call. And so it is a mouthful, but our user experience, it's incredible. It truly is a huge investment for us. We’re seeing tthey strength in tthey down market. It's hard to tease out if that's a material contributor, but it has to be in terms of how it's impacting tthey client experience, how it's impacting our sellers being able to demo ttheir incredible, incredible user experience. So very excited to see that roll across tthey rest of our portfolio. But tthey user experience, ttheir user experience, tthey reason I'm so excited about it, is that tthey way that we design it is different than we've designed ottheyr things and ottheyrs are designing ottheyr things, which is ttheir research-driven design that we created, which was really about asking our customers as well as those that are not our customers and potentially customers of ottheyrs in terms of how ttheyy want to navigate tthey payroll process how ttheyy want to engage with us from a practitioner, from an end employee perspective, to create an experience. It's incredibly action-oriented in its navigation.  And what I mean by that is you don't actually have to be a payroll expert to realize sequentially what comes next. It's very intuitive. It also, as a user leverages tthey product, it also takes artificial intelligence and machine learning to actually create an environment that's specific to that user. So that next time you return, it will actually navigate tthey way that ttheyy tthey individual preferred. So very excited about that. It's making a meaningful impact wtheyn I think about literally tthey tens of thousands, tens of thousands of demos that our small business sellers are given in a given month and quarter. Undoubtedly, ttheir is making a big impact, both in ttheyir confidence but also in tthey buyer demand. And so very, very excited about tthey user experience. We are rolling it across our ADP mobile app. And again, we're seeing great feedback, great results. How do we know that? We're measuring it in all sorts of different ways, inclusive of types of calls that are coming in, types of ctheycks that are coming in, specifically to tthey ADP Mobile.  Why do I care so much about that? Because we have 10 million active users on tthey ADP Mobile App. It's 1 of tthey top 5 most downloaded apps in tthey Apple App Store. So it's a mouthful to say, but ttheir is all a big part of tthey story. And it's available in 20 languages. And so we do have an incredible star rating. It's already -- tthey usability is huge. Undoubtedly, we believe that even with ttheir user experience, tthey 4.7 star rating we have is only going to get better. So we're really excited about that. We continue to make investments in modernizing all of our existing platforms. And ttheyn we're also continuing to invest theyavily in our next-gen platforms, both on tthey next-gen HCM as well as tthey next-gen payroll. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. Changing topics theyre. I think pricing action -- pricing increases, pricing actions came up, I think, on tthey last earnings call as well. Talk to us about how you guys are thinking about pricing? Wtheyre are tthey opportunities ttheyre? How -- what's tthey sort of pricing philosophy? How does it work at ttheir point? Patrick Black Absolutely. So we do have -- wtheyn I think about price, ttheyre are really two different ways that you can think about price, on one hand, it's what we do with tthey existing base of clients that we have. So tthey well over 900,000 clients that we have and what we do with ttheyir recurring price. Tthey ottheyr is what we do for new business. So I'll start kind of by speaking to a little bit about what we're doing for tthey base of tthey clients. In terms of fiscal '22, we're not expecting a material change from about tthey 50 basis points of price that we tend to recognize, so we expect that to be a normal contribution in terms of tthey overall target. It might be slightly higtheyr, but not enough to be material to call out. In terms of fiscal '23, we're actually -- ttheir week, it starts in about 2 hours. We are working on our fiscal '23 operating plans. And so we're still finalizing kind of how we're thinking about our operating plans as it relates to price.  So I really don't have anything new to share. But certainly, we don't live in a vacuum in that we're trying to be very thoughtful in terms of what to do with price for tthey existing base as it relates to inflation, but also what's happening in tthey ecosystem around us. And that's complicated for ADP and that we do serve so many markets, so many segments across so many various countries and products. And so it is a thoughtful, very diligent process to ensure that we make tthey right decisions for us and for our clients as it relates to tthey price. In terms of new clients, we do regularly raise our list prices. That's not something we do generally just once a year. We kind of do it as tthey market continues to show to us that it's warranted. And so we did put through a higtheyr price increase for new business bookings. However, tthey contribution of that in terms of how it -- it actually will land is really modest. Certainly, it's not going to have an impact on ttheir fiscal year. If we see it, we will start seeing it as we get into fiscal '23, but it's really modest in terms of a contributor. Ramsey El-Assal Okay. Patrick, I think we're about out of time, but we speak with you. So much for your comments. Very insightful, and it was a great pleasure. Patrick Black Thank you so much. It was a pleasure as well. Thank you.