The Aaron’s Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the company.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2020.  The company previously announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  According to the company’s earnings release, which was issued yesterday, the company reported lower than expected second-quarter comparable sales.  The company also announced that it would raise its full-year dividend for the year ending June 30.  The company also raised its full-year guidance for the company for the year ending June 30, 2020, and for the full year ending June 30, 2020.  In a related note, the company also announced that it would be raising its full-year dividend.  The company previously raised its full-year guidance for the year ending June 30, 2020, to reflect continued strong demand for its products and services.  The company also announced that it will be raising its dividend in the second half of this year.  The company also announced that it would not be raising its full-year dividend for the period ending June 30, 2020.  The company is continuing to invest in its e-commerce channel and digital marketing strategies.  The company also announced that it would increase the number of stores it has opened in the U.S.  The company announced that it would be raising its dividend in a matter of weeks.  The company also announced that it had hired a new Chief Financial Officer.  The company is continuing to invest in the e-commerce channel and digital marketing strategy.  The company also announced that it had appointed a new Chief Accounting Officer.  The company announced that it would raise its dividend in a matter of weeks.  In a related announcement, the company announced that it would be raising its dividend.  The company also announced that it would pay a $1.5 million officer and director bar.  The company also announced that it would conduct a $1.5 million officer-and-director bar.  The company also announced that it had agreed to pay a $1 million officer-and-director bar.  In a related announcement, the company also announced that it would raise its dividend for the year ending June 30.  In a related development, the company announced that it would be raising the dividend in a matter of weeks.  The SEC previously announced that the company would be raising its dividend in a matter of days.  The company announced that the dividend would be raised in a matter of weeks.  The company