On October 26, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire two dry mills in China.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Chicago, alleges that the two dry mills were not fully operational when they were supposed to be.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that the dry mills were not operational when they were supposed to be.  According to the complaint, the dry mills were not operational when they should have been.  The complaint further alleges that the dry mills were not operational when the dry mills were not operational.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in Chicago, charges that the dry mills were not operational when they could have been.  The SEC's complaint charges that the dry mills were not fully operational when they should have been.  The SEC's complaint charges the dry mills with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the defendants consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 17(a) of the Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Robert Moskow and Eric Larson of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Moskow.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.