On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Airlines, through its subsidiaries, failed to adequately prepare for the impact of the global financial crisis.  According to the complaint, American Airlines' pilots were not adequately trained and were not performing as well as they should have been.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines' pilots were not adequately trained.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Complaint Bulletin, alleges that the airline's pilots were not adequately trained.  The complaint alleges that the airline's pilots were not trained and were not performing as well as they were supposed to be.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges American Airlines with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges American with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Kathryn Isom, John Rymas of the SEC's Atlanta Regional Office, and is being supervised by John Rymas.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation in this matter.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov.