The Frances's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company returned significant capital to shareholders.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 8.5%.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had increased its lease portfolio by 80% in the second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 11.2%.  The company also announced that it has increased the number of stores it has opened in the second half of the year.  The company's second quarter revenue increased 11.2% and the company returned significant capital to its shareholders.  The company's earnings per share increased 8.5% in the second quarter and the company's guidance for the full year was $467.5 million.  The company's financial results, however, were not as strong as we had anticipated.  The company's second quarter revenue and earnings per share were down 11.2% and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was down 11.2%.  The company's continuing to invest in its ecommerce business is important to our customers.  The company's continuing to invest in the ecommerce business is important to our customers, as well.  The company's continued investment in ecommerce is important to our customers, as well as to our overall business strategy.  The company's continuing to invest in ecommerce is important to our customers.  The company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce business.  The company's continuing to invest in our ecommerce business is important to its customers.  The company's continued investment in its ecommerce business is important to our success.  The company's continued strong performance is important to our success.  The company is continuing to invest in the ecommerce business.  The company's second quarter revenue increased 8.5% and the company's adjusted EBITDA was up 11.2%.  The company's continued investments in ecommerce are important to our customers.  The company's continued to invest in its ecommerce business is important.  The company's continued growth in ecommerce is important to our customers.