The Jean’s Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year guidance for the period ending June 30, 2020.  According to the company’s investor relations website, the company’s second quarter financial results were in line with internal expectations.  The company’s second quarter financial results, which were in line with internal expectations, were down 20.9% year-over-year.  The company’s revenue was down 20.9% from the prior year quarter.  The company’s second quarter net income was up 10% year-over-year.  As a result, the company’s net income per share increased by over $30 million.  The company’s third quarter net income per share was down 20.9% as compared to the prior year quarter.  The company is continuing to invest in its e-commerce channel and digital marketing strategies.  The company’s third quarter financial results were in line with internal expectations, and the company is on track to open its first new BrandsMart store in Atlanta, Georgia in the second half of the year.  The company’s revenue was up 10% year-over-year and the company’s adjusted EBITDA per share increased by nearly $30 million.  The company is continuing to invest in the e-commerce channel and digital marketing efforts.  The company’s second quarter earnings release, which was issued yesterday, provided an update on the company’s second quarter financial results and guidance.  The company’s third quarter earnings release, which was issued yesterday, also provided an update on the company’s third quarter financial results.  The company’s fourth quarter financial results are in line with internal expectations.  The company is also on track to open its first new store in Atlanta in the second half of this year.  The company’s first-quarter financial results were in line with internal expectations, but the company’s second quarter financial performance was down 10% year-over-year.  The third quarter financial results, which were in line with expectations, were in line with internal expectations.  The fourth quarter financial results were in line with internal expectations and the company’s second quarter financial results.  The company is continuing to invest heavily in its e-commerce channel and digital marketing efforts, and the company is continuing to invest in its ecommerce channel.  The company’s second quarter operating income was in line with internal expectations.  The company