On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's adjusted net income increased 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased 2%.  The company's guidance for the full year and the first half of the year was $1.45 per share higher than the prior year's $1.07 per share.  In the second quarter, the company reported record sales of $1.04 billion.  The company's adjusted net income rose 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased by 2.5%.  The company's adjusted net income and free cash flow were both above the prior year's levels.  The company's adjusted free cash flow was $1.07 per share.  The company's adjusted operating income and free cash flow were both above expectations.  The company's adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow were both above expectations.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ACCO Brands has agreed to pay over $1.5 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Christopher McGinnis and Angela Gomes of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. McGinnis and Ms. Gomes.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on this matter.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC Investor.gov Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.