The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that U.S. Well Services, Inc. ("Well Services"), a Texas-based hydraulic fracturing company, announced that it will exit the diesel market and become fully electric.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in New Jersey, the company was unable to generate sufficient revenue to pay its operating expenses.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New Jersey, alleges that U.S. Well Services violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, U.S. Well Services has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The final judgment orders U.S. Well Services to pay $39 million in interest and a $22.5 million civil penalty.  The final judgment also orders U.S. Well Services to pay a civil penalty of $20 million.  The SEC's complaint charges U.S. Well Services with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, U.S. Well Services has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The judgment also orders U.S. Well to pay a civil penalty of $20,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Ian MacPherson and Debra Gengaro of the SEC's New Jersey office.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Mr. Shapiro and Ms. Gengaro.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Board of Directors.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.