On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced the acquisition of DanChem, a leading full-service specialty chemicals manufacturer.  The acquisition is a significant milestone in the company's long-term growth strategy.  According to the company's CEO, Ben Rosenzweig, who was the company's CFO for almost a year, DanChem is uniquely positioned to be a leader in the specialty chemicals business.  The acquisition is the latest in a series of steps that Synalloy has taken to drive profitable growth.  According to the company's CEO, Chris Hutter, DanChem is uniquely positioned to be the leader in the specialty chemicals business.  According to the company's CEO, Hutter has been instrumental in establishing a culture of metrics-based analysis, capital discipline, and margin enhancement.  The company's third quarter financial results, which was the company's first quarter of profitable growth, were significantly higher than the prior quarter.  The company's Board of Directors approved the acquisition on November 8, 2020.  The company's Board of Directors also approved the acquisition on November 9, 2020.  The Board of Directors also approved the acquisition of DanChem.  The Board of Directors approved the acquisition on November 9, 2016.  The Board of Directors also approved the purchase of DanChem.  The Board of Directors also approved the sale of DanChem.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Megan Tam, and the litigation will be handled by the SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Virginia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals or professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the Investor.gov report to check the background of people selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA, the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.