On August 2, 2018, Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) announced that it filed for an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The company also announced that it had received an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief. The emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief measures are ongoing.  The company also announced that it had obtained an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief relief.  The emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief measures will be implemented in the coming weeks.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay over $300 million to settle a pending patent litigation.  The emergency asset freeze and emergency relief measures will be implemented immediately.  The company also announced that it has entered into a clinical trial agreement with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.  The emergency asset freeze will be implemented immediately.  The emergency asset freeze is scheduled for October 5, 2018.  The company's stock price is expected to rise significantly following the announcement of the emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief measures.  The emergency asset freeze is scheduled for Oct. 5, 2018.  The company's stock is expected to be fully stocked by the end of the second quarter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about the emergency asset freeze.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling them investments by using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert about the emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief measures available.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling them investments by using the Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.