On March 16, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX), alleging that it violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint alleges that AcelRx and Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals violated the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint further alleges that AcelRx failed to comply with the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges AcelRx and Tetraphase with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's complaint charges AcelRx with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Section 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of Exchange Act Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint also charges AcelRx with violating Rule 10b-5.  The complaint charges AcelRx with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of Exchange Act Rules 10b-5, and Rule 10b-5.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, AcelRx and Tetraphase agreed to settle the matter without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Rachel Folkes of the SEC's New York Regional Office, and the litigation will be led by Vince Angotti.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov 