On February 16, 2020, Kathryn Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Investor Relations for ACV Auctions, Inc., announced that the company had raised $1.3 billion from approximately 50 dealers in the U.S. and around the world.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACV's business model has deteriorated significantly since its IPO in March 2016.  The company's revenue has declined by more than 50% since the IPO.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in New York, alleges that ACV's business model deteriorated significantly in the fourth quarter and year-over-year.  The complaint alleges that ACV's business model deteriorated significantly when new dealers entered the market.  As a result, ACV's revenue has declined by more than 50% year-over-year.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges ACV with violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges ACV with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Kathryn Chamoun and supervised by Cheryl Colantuoni of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Kathryn Chamoun.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.