On February 22, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's request for a temporary restraining order against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, as well as a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge also granted a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the Honorable Judge.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's request for a temporary restraining order against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 12(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1 and 13a-11 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge granted the SEC's motion for a temporary restraining order against further violations of Section 12(b)(5) and 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 14(b)(5) of the Exchange Act, ordering the Honorable Judge to determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a temporary restraining order against the defendants.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a temporary restraining order against future violations.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement and civil penalties to be imposed upon the defendants.  The Honorable Judge will also determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.