On January 26, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), alleging that the airline had a significant shortfall in pilots.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Airlines, which was acquired by American in 2005, had a significant shortfall in pilots.  According to the complaint, the airline's pilots were not performing as well as they should have been.  The complaint alleges that the airline's pilots were not performing at their peak.  As a result, the airline's pilots were not performing at peak rates.  As a result, the airline's revenue per available seat mile declined.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges American with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  The complaint charges American with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Heather Isom, John Rymas, and Cheryl Arnold of the SEC's Dallas Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Isom.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.