The Heather's Company, Inc. (AAN) announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company's CEO, Abigail Lindsay, and CFO, Steve Olsen, both of whom are from the Retail Strategy Task Force, discussed the company's ongoing efforts to improve the profitability of its core business.  The company's second quarter earnings release, which was issued yesterday, provided an update on the company's financial performance and guidance for the second half of the year.  The company's second quarter earnings call, which was also the company's first since acquiring The Heather's, highlighted that the company was experiencing declining demand for its products and services.  The company's second quarter earnings call also provided an update on the company’s financial condition.  The company’s second quarter earnings call, which was the company’s first since acquiring The Heather’s, highlighted that the company’s profitability was improving.  The company’s third quarter earnings call, which was also the company’s first since purchasing The Heather’s, provided an update on the company’s second quarter financial performance.  The company’s second quarter financial performance was better than expected.  The company’s revenue growth was up 10% year-over-year and the company’s net debt was down by over $30 million.  The company’s second quarter net debt was down 10% year-over-year.  The company’s third quarter net debt was down 10% as well.  The company’s third quarter financial performance was better than anticipated.  The company’s second quarter operating expenses were down 10% year-over-year, but the company’s revenue growth was up 10%.  The company’s second quarter operating income was down 10% year-over-year, and the company’s second quarter net income was down 10%.  The company’s third quarter net income was up 10% year-over-year.  Without providing additional details, the company’s third quarter operating income was down 10%.  The company is continuing to invest in its in-store customer experience and operating model.  The company’s fourth quarter net income was up 10% year-on-year.  The company’s first half net income was down 10%.  The company is currently experiencing declining demand for its products and services, which is a result of the significant pull forward in demand that occurred in the prior few years.  The company’s second half net income was down 10% year-on-year.  In the second half of the year, net income was down 10%.  The company