The Lori's Company, Inc. (L.A.) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year and the company returned significant capital to shareholders.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 8.5%.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had increased its lease portfolio by 80% in the second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% in the second quarter and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 11.2%.  The company's financial results, which are consistent with the company's historical performance, reflect that.  The company's second quarter revenue increased 11.2% and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was up 11.2%.  The company's second quarter revenue increased 8.5% year-over-year.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 11.2%, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin for the second quarter increased by 8.5%.  The company's full-year guidance for the second half of 2020 is $467.5 million, compared to $467.8 million for the second quarter of 2020.  As a result of the company's investments in centralized decisioning, the company's revenue increased by 11.2% year-over-year, and the company returned significant capital to its shareholders.  The company's continuing to invest in its ecommerce business is important to the company's long-term growth.  The company's continued investment in its ecommerce business is important to our long-term growth.  The company's continuing to invest in our ecommerce business is important to the company's success.  The company's continued investment in ecommerce is important to the company's long-term success.  The company's continuing to invest in the ecommerce business is important to the company.  The company's continuing to invest in ecommerce is important to our long-term growth.