On February 16, 2022, the company announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 billion to settle a long-running legal action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, ACCO Brands had a strong first quarter and a strong second quarter.  The company's revenue increased 22% to $2.03 billion in the first quarter.  The company's adjusted net income increased 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased 2%.  The company's guidance for the full year and the first half of the year was $1.45 per share higher than the prior year's $1.07 per share.  In the second quarter, the company reported record sales of $1.04 billion.  The company's adjusted net income rose 2% and its adjusted free cash flow increased by 2.5%.  The company's adjusted net income and free cash flow increased by 2.5% and 2.5%, respectively, in the first and second quarters of the year.  The company's guidance for the full year is $1.48 per share and $1.07 per share higher than the prior year.  The company's financial performance has improved significantly since the beginning of the year.  The company's stock price has increased significantly since the start of the year, and the company's stock price has increased substantially.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the start of the year.  The company's revenue has increased substantially since the beginning of the year.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in New York, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges the company with violations of the anti-fraud provisions of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges the company with violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and 10b-5(c) thereunder.  The complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5(b) thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the complaint charges the company with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the allegations, the complaint charges the company with