On April 27, 2022, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against ACCO Brands, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACCO), alleging that it failed to adequately manage supply chain issues related to the COVID-19 pandemic.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2022, ACCO Brands raised its comparable sales guidance for its core business, which includes computer accessories and business products.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter, ACCO Brands raised its guidance for its core business, which includes computing, storage and business products.  The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, ACCO Brands had a 6% price increase, which was a significant improvement from the first quarter.  The complaint, however, is that the price increases were not large enough to offset inflation.  The complaint, filed in the SEC, alleges that, contrary to our expectations, ACCO Brands did not experience any supply chain issues.  The complaint alleges that, contrary to our expectations, the price increases were not large enough to offset the inflationary impact.  The complaint also alleges that, in the second quarter, we took a $2 million impairment charge for our Leitz precision paper trimmers and cutters.  The complaint, filed in the SEC on April 4, 2022, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACCO Brands consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The judgment also orders ACCO Brands to pay a civil penalty of $1 million.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Deb O'Connor and supervised by C.J. Kerstetter. The litigation will be led by Ms. O'Connor and Ms. Kerstetter. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.