On November 6, 2019, the SEC filed an emergency action and obtained an emergency court order halting an ongoing litigation action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York on November 6, 2019, alleges that, from at least May 2018 through September 2018, Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. ("ACHV"), a California-based company, raised approximately $50 million from approximately 34 and a half million potential smokers in the United States and Europe.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, alleges that, based on the clinical trial results, cytisinicline was the best treatment option for smokers who were trying really hard to quit.  The complaint further alleges that, based on the clinical trial data, cytisinicline was the most effective treatment option.  The complaint further alleges that, in a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York unsealed criminal charges against the company.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks injunctive relief, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil monetary penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Natalie Rymas and supervised by Marc Blau.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Rymas and Ms. Rymas.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office and Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office for the District of New York today announced parallel criminal charges against the company.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an e-cigarette using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to find out more about e-cigarettes.  The SEC's Office of Market Intelligence has issued an Investor Alert on to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an e-cigarette using Investor.gov to learn more about e-cigarettes. The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA.