On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had agreed to a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million.  The company's stock price increased substantially in the quarter, and Acacia's share price increased significantly.  The company's stock price increased significantly, and Acacia's stock price increased substantially.  The company's stock price increased substantially, and Acacia's stock price increased significantly.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled just over $1 billion in the third quarter of 2020.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, charges Acacia with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Janney Montgomery Scott and Ashley Stoss of the SEC's Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Brett Reiss and Janney Montgomery Scott.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.