On February 22, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10 of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a temporary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provision of Section 10(b) of the Exchange and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The court granted the court's motion for an emergency injunction against future violations of Section 10(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-1 and 13a-11 thereunder.  The Court granted the court's order against future violations of Section 10(b) the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5. The Court granted the court's motion for an injunction against future violations of the antifraud rule, ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations. The Court granted the court's motion for a temporary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b).  The Honorable Judge also granted the court order against future violations of the antifraud provision.  The Court granted the court's motion against future violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5. The court granted the court's order against future violations of the antifraud provisions and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Exchange Act and Rule 206(3) of the Exchange Act. The court granted the court's motion against future violations of the antifraud provisions.