the etiology of the pandemic is still still a challenge. the world health organization ( abv ) has been a major public health problem and is still in the early days of the pandemic. in the first quarter 2021, we grew the annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual average annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual index of abv. we grew the annual annual annual annual annual average annual annual annual average annual annual annual annual annual average annual annual annual index of abv by 23.8%. we delivered volume growth in 8 of our 10 markets and market share gains in 7 of these markets. we saw a solid net revenue per hectoliter growth in the quarter driven by a more flexible and efficient revenue management initiatives including occasion-based promotional activities. we continued to strengthen our portfolio as we launched innovations across our markets. to name a few, golden extra in Panama, Bud light setzer in canada and michob ultra in the premium segment in brazil. LAS delivered strong volume growth in the core plus and premium segments with a great performance of Corona. inArgentinian, we had an outstanding volume performance and improved net revenue per hectoliter, delivering top line growth of 67%. cac restrictions were partially lifted during the quarter that combined with the good performance of our above core portfolio and effective revenue management initiatives delivered a top line growth of 28%. we gained market share while growing volumes in all segments. a special highlight to our global brands that had a solid high-teens growth and brahma duplo malte that continued its growth momentum. green health of the portfolio improved once again in all segments this quarter and our digital initiatives continued to expand. we expect our top line performance should continue to drive our recovery as we work to get back in the full year to the normalized consolidated consolidated consolidated consolidated consolidated ebitd of pre pandemic levels.