Adaptimmune therapeutics plc ( adp ) is a cell therapy company that has been successfully initiated in the past 20 years. it is now now being able to accelerate the execution of the first - generation sarcoma and a second - generation sarcoma trial. this is the first phase of the Adaptimmune program and is now being initiated by the end of the year. the adp trial is currently occurring at one billion cells without evidence of hepatotoxicity and a combination trial with low-dose radiation to improve the depth and durability of responses. the adp trial is occurring at one billion cells without evidence of hpotoxicity and a second - generation sapass trial is occurring at one billion cells without evidence for hepatotoxicity. we will continue to learn about the safety of lymphodepletion regimens and of our products. we will continue to learn about the safe of lymphodepletion regimens and the safety of our products. we will continue to evaluate new technologies to improve our SPeart-cells based on our translational findings and will investigate further enhancements with such as allogenic sources based on these. likewise, we continue to learn about the safety of lymphodletion regimens and of our products. in addition, we continue to learn about the safety and safety of lymphodepletion regimens. we will continue to learn about the safely and safely administered cyclophosphamide regimens and our products. we will continue to learn on the safety of lymphodepletion regimen and of our products. we will continue and continue to learn about the safety of lymphobba and our products. we will continue to evaluate more technologies to improve our SPeart-cell products based on our translational findings and will explore further enhancements with such as allogenic sources and based on these. we will continue to learn about the Safety of lymphodepletion regimens and our products. we will expect more clinical updates at medical conferences as the escalation of the sarcoma and sarcoma studies will evolve.