The SEC today announced that Agilent Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in Santa Clara, California, announced that it has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire a microcap company.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Agilent's business in China, where it is located, experienced a significant decline in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, alleges that Agilent's business in China was impacted by the Coronavirus virus.  The complaint alleges that Agilent's business in China, which is located in China, experienced a significant decline in the first quarter.  The SEC's complaint charges Agilent with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Agilent has agreed to pay over $1 billion in disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty in the amount of $10 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Tycho Francesson, Doris Blicker, and Linda Donnelly of the SEC's Evelynet Abuse Unit.  The litigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to use Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.