On November 12, 2020, The Equity Group announced that it has completed the acquisition of Huanqiuyimeng, a leading international education service provider.  The company's third quarter and nine-month financial results for the period were announced on November 12, 2020.  The company's Board of Directors approved the acquisition on November 12, 2020.  According to the company's press release, Huanqiuyimeng and Huanqiuyimeng were acquired in a short-term online boot camp program in China in August 2019.  The company announced that Huanqiuyimeng had been acquired and Huanqiuyimeng was acquired in a new round of funding during the third quarter of 2020.  The company's financial results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2020 were impacted by the continuing impact of the pandemic.  The company's financial results for the period include a 58.4% sequential decrease in credit hours delivered compared to the prior year period.  The company's plan and anticipated benefits of the Huanqiuyimeng share repurchase program will be reflected in the company's financial results for the period.  The company's Board of Directors also authorized the repurchase of up to $1 million of Huanqiuyimeng's issued and outstanding ADS, which will be reflected in the company's financial highlights for the period.  The company also authorized the repurchase of additional Huanqiuyimeng ADS.  The company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.3 million of Huanqiuyimeng ADS, which is subject to approval by the Board of Directors.  The company's Board of Directors has also authorized the repurchase of up to $2 million of Huanqiuyimeng ADS.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Huanqiuyimeng.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to be aware of the risks associated with investing in Huanqiuyimeng.