On July 29, 2020, the company announced that it has agreed to the appointment of a new CEO to lead its retail operations.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition of Progressive Leasing, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Progressive, the company's core business, has experienced significant declines in revenue and profitability since 2014.  The company also announced that it would split its business into two separate companies.  According to the company's press release, beginning in mid-April, Progressive and its former CFO, Frances Woodley, agreed to the appointment of a new CEO.  As part of this agreement, Woodley agreed to the appointment of a new CFO and to the appointment of a new CFO.  The new CEO will be responsible for the company's financial performance.  The company also agreed to the appointment of a new CFO, Beverly Lindsay, who will be responsible for the company's operations.  According to the company's press releases, beginning in mid-April, Woodley and his team made significant changes to the company's business model to support the company's growth.  The company's second quarter financial results were better than expected.  The company's revenue and earnings per share increased 13.4% and 16.9%, respectively, in the second quarter and the first quarter of 2020.  The company's net income increased 16.4% year-over-year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 13.9%.  The company's revenue and earnings per share declined in the second quarter and the first quarter, respectively, by 13.4% and 16.9% year-over-year.  The company's financial performance was impacted by the government stimulus and related supply chain disruptions across the country.  The company's continuing efforts to streamline its business have resulted in lower revenue written in the second quarter and lower net income in the first quarter.  The company's continued efforts to streamline its business have resulted in higher revenue written in the second quarter and lower operating expenses.  The company's financial performance has improved significantly since the start of the year.  The company's new CEO, Beverly Lindsay, has agreed to the appointment of a CFO and to the appointment of a CFO.  The company's new CFO, Kelly Wall, has agreed to the appointment of a new CFO to facilitate the streamlining of the company's business.  The CFO will be responsible for the company's financial performance, and the CFO will be responsible for the rest of the company's expenses.  The CFO will be responsible for maintaining the company's profitability.  The CFO will be responsible for