On August 2, 2018, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's request for a temporary restraining order against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for a temporary restraining order against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Honorable Judge also granted the court's request for a temporary restraining order against certain violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b2-1 thereunder. The Court also granted the court's request for a temporary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a temporary restraining order against certain violations of Section 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge granted the court's order against the defendants, ordering a temporary restraining order against certain violations of Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder. The court granted the court's order against the defendants, ordered disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and ordered a temporary restraining order against the defendants.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's request for a temporary restraining order against certain of the defendants.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a temporary restraining order against certain defendants.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a temporary restraining order against certain defendants. The Court will determine the amount of disgorgement and prejudgment interest.  The Honorable Judge also granted the order for a temporary restraining order against certain defendants.