On November 10, 2020, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's request for a temporary restraining order and a temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for a temporary restraining order and an asset freeze.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's request for a temporary restraining order.  In a related matter, the Honorable Judge granted the Court's request for an asset freeze and temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's request for a temporary restraining injunction and a temporary restraining order.  The Court entered a final judgment that permanently enjoins the Honorable Judge from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order and ordered a temporary restraining order.  The court entered a final judgment that permanently enjoins Judge from future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court entered a temporary restraining order and ordered an asset freeze.  The court entered a temporary restraining order and ordered the asset freeze.  The court entered a final judgment ordering a temporary restraining order and ordering an asset freeze.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order on November 10, 2020.  The court entered a temporary restraining order on November 11, 2020.  The court entered a temporary injunction on November 12, 2020.  The court entered a temporary order on November 13, 2020.  The court entered a final judgment ordering an asset freeze on November 11, 2020.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order, ordering a temporary restraining order, and ordering a temporary restraining order.  The court entered an order ordering a temporary restraining order on November 13, 2020.  The Court entered a final judgment ordering a temporary restraining order, ordering an asset freeze, and ordering a temporary restraining order against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order against further violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The court entered a temporary restraining order against further violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and (3) of the Exchange Act.  The court ordered a temporary restraining order against further violations of Section 17(a)(2) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3 thereunder.  The court entered a temporary injunction against further violations of Sections 17(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act