On July 27, 2020, Apple announced that it has raised more than $1 billion to help first time homeowners and construct 1000s of new affordable housing units across the U.S. and around the world.  The company also announced that it has acquired Apple Inc. ("AAPL"), a company that provides Apple products and services.  According to the company's press release, Apple announced the acquisition of Apple Inc. ("AAPL") in June.  The acquisition is the latest in a long line of Apple products and services that Apple has announced.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Apple Inc. ("AAPL") announced in June that it would acquire Apple Inc. ("AAPL") for a total of $81.4 billion.  The company also announced in June that it would be acquiring Apple Inc. ("Apple Inc.") for a total of $1.4 billion.  The company's stock price rose more than 30 percent in the last 12 months.  The company's stock price increased more than 40 percent in the last 12 months.  Apple Inc. ("AAPL") and Apple Inc. ("AAPL") announced the acquisition of AAPL in June.  Apple Inc. ("AAPL"), the company's flagship product, announced in July that it would be acquiring Apple Inc. ("AAPL") for $1.4 billion.  The acquisition is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Tejas Gala and supervised by C.J. Kerstetter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued anÂ Investor AlertÂ to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool onÂ Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor AlertÂ to encourage investors toÂ check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using theÂ Investor.govÂ toÂ check the background of anyone selling an investment using the free and simple search toolÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor AlertÂ to encourage people to check the background of people selling or offering an investment usingÂ Investor.govÂ to identify whether they are registered professionals. Â The SEC's Office of Investor Education and AdvocacyÂ has issued anÂ Investor AlertÂ