On October 25, 2016, Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced that it raised its full-year guidance for the company's fiscal year ending June 30, 2016.  The company's CEO, Tim Cook, and CFO, Luca Maestri, announced the company's first-ever quarterly earnings call on October 25, 2016.  According to the company's press release, the company's revenue increased 24% in the September quarter.  The company's stock price rose more than 30% on the news, and Apple's stock price increased more than 50% on the news.  The company's stock price increased more than 40% on the news.  The company's revenue increased by 24% in the September quarter.  Apple's stock price rose more than 50% on the news, and the company's stock price increased more than 40%.  The company's stock price also rose more than 50% on the news.  According to the company's investor alert, Apple's stock price rose more than 40% on the news.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Apple.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Nancy Paxton and Frances Rymas of the SEC's Jacquelineet Abuse Unit, and the case is being supervised by Ruth G. Sansone, Chief of the Jacquelineet Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Paxton and Ms. Paxton.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov. Investors should check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using investor.gov to check