On August 2, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against American Assets Trust, Inc., a San Diego-based real estate investment trust.  The SEC's complaint alleges that American Assets Trust failed to disclose that it was unable to acquire a high-end office building in the middle of the second quarter.  According to the complaint, American Assets Trust failed to disclose that it was able to acquire two high-end office buildings in the middle of the second quarter.  The complaint alleges that American Assets Trust was unable to acquire these properties because they were not fully leased at the time.  The complaint further alleges that American Assets Trust's third-party manager was in place when it acquired the properties.  The complaint further alleges that American Assets' third-party manager was in place when it purchased the properties.  The complaint alleges that American Assets violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American Assets Trust has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $150,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges American Assets with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, as well as Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  The complaint also charges American Assets with violations of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges American Assets with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Natalie Hawthorne of the San Diego Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Debra Barton.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov 