On August 5, 2016, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. ("ABR"), alleging that it failed to pay its promised returns on its investment in the agency business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that ABR failed to pay its promised returns on its investments in the agency business.  According to the SEC's complaint, ABR failed to pay its promised returns on the agency business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that ABR failed to pay returns on its investment in the agency business, and that ABR failed to pay its promised returns.  The complaint further alleges that ABR failed to pay its promised return on its investment in the agency business.  According to the complaint, ABR failed to pay returns on its investments in the agency business, resulting in a loss of approximately $1.9 million for the balance of the year.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in New York, charges Jessica Elenio, ABR's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ABR has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Jessica Elenio with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Jade Rahmani and Jessica Elenio.  The litigation will be led by Mr. DeLaney.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.