On May 11, 2020, the company announced that it has suspended its share buyback program in order to help its customers deal with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.  The company also announced that it will temporarily suspend purchases of its stock in the days leading up to the end of the fiscal year.  According to the company's press release, the company's decision to suspend its share buyback program in order to help customers deal with the COVID-19 pandemic was based on customer demand for its products.  The company's decision to suspend the buyback program was based on customer demand for its products and services.  The company's decision to suspend the share buyback program was based on customer demand for the products and services.  The company's decision was based on customer demand, not customer demand.  The company's decision to suspend the stock buyback program was based on customer demand.  As a result, the company's revenue declined in the third quarter.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's revenue declined.  The company's stock price increased, as well.  According to the company's press release announcing the suspension of the share buyback program, the company's revenue declined, and the company's stock price increased.  The company's outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year is unchanged from the prior year.  The company's stock price increased and the company's adjusted EBITDA guidance for the rest of the year was unchanged.  The company's stock price increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the company's decision to halt its share buyback program.  The company's stock price increased as well.  The company's stock price increased.  As a result, the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased.  The company's stock price increased as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded.  The company's stock price increased, but the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was down.  The company's adjusted EBITDA guidance for the remainder of the year was unchanged from the prior year.  The company is continuing to invest in its cloud-based solutions.  The company's share price increased as a result of COVID-19.  The company's share price increased as well.  The company's share price increased.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased as a result of COVID-19, and the company's share price increased.  The company is continuing to invest in cloud-based solutions.  The company's adjusted EBITDA for the rest of the year was unchanged from the prior year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA guidance was unchanged from the prior year.