On February 24, 2022, Arcosa Inc. (NYSE:ACA) announced that it has completed the integration of two natural aggregates-led acquisitions.  The company's fourth quarter and full year earnings call is being conducted by Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck of CJS Securities.  The company's first quarter and full year earnings call was conducted by Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck.  Antonio Carillo and Gail Peck will lead the call.  According to the company's first quarter and full year earnings call, revenues increased 14% and adjusted EBITDA increased 30%, respectively.  The company's second quarter and full year earnings call, respectively, were down 34% and 30%, respectively, from the prior year.  The company's third quarter and full year earnings call, Antonio Carillo, President and CEO, and Gail Peck, COO, both of whom will lead the call.  The company's fourth quarter and full-year earnings call is being conducted by Antonio Carillo.  The company's first quarter and full-year earnings call was conducted by Gail Peck, Antonio Carillo, and Antonio Carillo, Chief Operating Officer.  The company's second quarter and full-year earnings call were conducted by Antonio Carillo, Gail Peck, and Antonio Carillo, Chief Financial Officer.  The company's third quarter and full-year earnings call are being conducted by Antonio Carillo.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.