The company today announced that it has agreed to pay a $50 million penalty to settle claims related to a property catastrophe that occurred in the U.S. in the second quarter of 2019.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a $20 million penalty to settle claims related to the property catastrophe.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, between June 30 and June 30, 2019, the company experienced a significant decline in claims related to the property catastrophe.  As a result, the company's underwriting expenses increased significantly.  As a result of these increases, the company's underwriting expenses increased substantially.  As a result, the company's reported delinquencies rose significantly in the second quarter.  According to the complaint, the company's underwriting expenses increased by approximately 50 basis points.  As a result of these increases, our underwriting expenses increased significantly.  The company's underwriting expenses increased by approximately $51 million in the second quarter.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the company has agreed to pay a penalty of $50 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the settlement is subject to court approval.  The settlement is subject to court approval, and the amount of the penalty will be determined by the court upon motion of the SEC.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Marc Grandisson and supervised by Jamie Inglis.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.