On May 5, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it has suspended the sale of certain of the company's medical services to the United Kingdom.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2020, Acadia Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Acadia Health, Inc., lost approximately $1.2 million in revenue.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that, in the first half of the year, Acadia Healthcare experienced a significant decline in demand for its services.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern Division of New York, charges that Acadia Healthcare has not provided sufficient services to meet the demand for its services.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Acadia Healthcare has not provided sufficient services to respond to the demand for its services.  The SEC complaint charges that Acadia Healthcare has not provided enough services to meet the demand.  The SEC's complaint charges that Acadia Healthcare has not provided adequate services to its patients.  The complaint charges that Acadia Healthcare has not provided sufficient service to its patients.  The SEC's complaint charges that, among other things, Acadia Healthcare has not provided sufficient services for its patients.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acadia Healthcare has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Judith Taylor and Rachelle Ransom of the SEC's New York office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Taylor and Mr. Ransom.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.