On August 6, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) for misleading investors about the safety and efficacy of cytisinicline, a non-inferiority treatment for smoking cessation.  The SEC's complaint alleges that the company failed to adequately assess the safety and efficacy of cytisinicline compared to Chantix, or the smoking cessation aid.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, alleges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Achieve has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins the company from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the company to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The complaint also charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder, and seeks an injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Amanda Vandermosten of the Chicago Regional Office, with assistance from Jean Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann, and supervised by Thalmann.  The litigation will be led by Amanda Vandermosten.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.