On May 9, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that it has entered into a long-term agreement to acquire, acquire, and operate a $1.2 billion asset management business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first half of the year, AECOM's revenue and earnings per share increased by 10%.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on May 9, 2017, alleges that AECOM's revenue and earnings per share (EPS) increased by 10% in the first half of the year.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that AECOM's revenue and EPS per share growth were largely due to investments in its core services business.  The complaint, however, is that AECOM's core services business is not performing as well as it should have.  As a result, the company's revenue and EPS per share declined in the first half of the year.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Troy Rudd, Lara Poloni, and Gaurav Kapoor.  The SEC's complaint charges Troy Rudd with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Troy Rudd has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins him from future violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders him to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest thereon.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Gaurav Kapoor, Lara Poloni, and Cheryl Fisher of the SEC's Jeanet Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. and Ms. Poloni.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.