On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced that it has agreed to acquire DanChem, a leading full service specialty chemicals manufacturer, for approximately $1.2 billion.  The acquisition is the latest in a series of acquisitions that Synalloy has announced.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, DanChem was unable to generate sufficient revenue to support its operations.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, alleges that DanChem was unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet its long-term financial goals.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, alleges that DanChem was unable to meet its long-term financial goals and was unable to generate sufficient revenue to cover its expenses.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in Alexandria, Virginia, charges DanChem with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, DanChem has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders DanChem to pay a civil penalty of $1.2 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Pamela Tam of the Susanet Abuse Unit in the New York Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Tam.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.