On April 4, 2016, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced positive interim financial results for the first quarter of 2016.  The company also announced positive interim results for its product candidates ARX-04, sufentanil sublingual tablet, 30 micrograms, and Zalviso.  The company also announced positive interim results in the first quarter of 2016 for ARX-04.  The company also announced positive interim financial results for ARX-04 in the first quarter of 2016.  According to the company's SEC filings, ARX-04 and Zalviso were approved in March 2015 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the U.S. Department of Defense (D.D.A.D.A.D.).  The company's plans for ARX-04 and Zalviso are still being evaluated by the FDA and the U.S. Department of Defense.  The company is continuing to work with its vendors on the clinical development of ARX-04 and Zalviso.  The company's financial results for the first quarter of 2016 were $11 million or $0.23 basic net loss per share, as compared to $10 million or $0.23 basic net loss for the first quarter of 2015.  The company's financial results for the second quarter of 2016 were $8.5 million or $0.24 basic net loss per share.  The company's plans for the third quarter of 2016, including ARX-04, Zalviso, and ARX-04 in the U.S. and Europe, are being evaluated by the Department of Defense's Office of Emilyet Intelligence.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware of the risks associated with the use of opioids.  The SEC's Office of Emilyet Intelligence has also issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be aware that there may be a delay in obtaining or maintaining regulatory approval of ARX-04.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert warning investors to be wary of any investment in ARX-04.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are professionals.