The Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) today announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced that it has agreed to be acquired by Starboard Value LP.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled approximately $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  According to the company's press release, the acquisition of the Woodford Life Science portfolio generated approximately $1.6 million in realized and unrealized gains for the quarter.  The company also announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Starboard Value LP, a company that provides advanced digital printing solutions on unique formats and in certain industrial settings.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Woodford portfolio in the third quarter of 2020, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million.  The company has entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares until the expiry of the lockup.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2020, which was the company's first quarter of profitability, reflect the impact of the acquisition of the Woodford Life Science portfolio.  As a result of the acquisition, Acacia's pro forma book value increased from $285 million to $5.70 per share in the third quarter of 2020.  The company's financial performance for the third quarter of 2020 was $192 million, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million at September 30, 2020.  The company's operating loss was $12.7 million in the quarter compared to a loss of $2.8 million a year ago.  The company's stock price increased significantly during the quarter.  The company's stock price also increased.  The company's stock price increased substantially.  The company's stock price increased significantly.  The company's stock price increased significantly, and Acacia's book value increased substantially.  The company's stock price also increased significantly.  The company's stock price rose significantly.  The company's stock price increased, and Acacia's share price increased.  The company's stock price increased, as well.  The company's stock price increased.  The company's stock price rose substantially.  The company's stock price increased substantially, and Acacia's share price increased substantially.  The company's share price increased, and Acacia's stock price increased, as well.  According to the SEC's press release announcing the acquisition of the Woodford Life Science portfolio, Acacia's book value increased from $285 million in the third quarter of 2017 to $5.70 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020.  The company's stock price