The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that Acme United Corp. ("AUM") announced that it has agreed to pay over $1.5 million to settle charges related to supply chain issues.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Acme's inventory levels increased significantly in the second quarter of this year.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acme's inventory levels increased substantially in the second quarter of this year, which was anticipated due to inventory reductions of several of its large customers.  The complaint alleges that Acme's inventory levels increased significantly during the second quarter and year-to-date.  The complaint further alleges that Acme's stock price increased substantially in the second quarter and year-to-date due to higher prices.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges Acme with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Acme has agreed to settle the SEC's charges and to pay a $1.5 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Christine Driscoll and Norman Sarafian of the SEC's Kimberlyet Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Driscoll.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.