On February 16, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACV).  The SEC's complaint alleges that ACV Auctions, which was acquired by General Motors in March 2016, failed to deliver on its promises of a long-term revenue stream.  According to the complaint, ACV Auctions failed to deliver on its promises of high unit rates and lower prices.  The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions failed to deliver on its promise of a long-term revenue stream.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's complaint, alleges that ACV Auctions did not deliver on its promises.  The complaint further alleges that ACV Auctions failed to meet its revenue growth targets.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges ACV Auctions with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions has agreed to settle the SEC's charges against it.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV with violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, ACV Auctions has agreed to a settlement that is subject to court approval.  The settlement is pending final approval by the court.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Cynthia Labick and Dorothy Sheridan and supervised by Dorothy Sheridan and Rajat Gupta.  The litigation will be led by Anna Chamoun.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.