On November 8, 2022, the Boston-based biotech company Adaptimmune Therapeutics announced that it has acquired full control of a clinical trial for ovarian cancer and bladder cancer.  According to the company's press releases announcing the acquisition of the clinical trial, the company's first-generation MAGE-A4 cell therapy was developed in the U.K. and the U.S. and was tested in ovarian cancer and bladder cancer.  The company announced in September that it had acquired full control of the clinical trial for ovarian cancer.  According to the company's press release, the clinical trial that we conducted in the U.K. and U.S. was successful.  The company's first-line ovarian cancer patients had a relatively low response rate as monotherapy.  The company's second-line bladder cancer patients had a substantially higher response rate.  The company's third-line cancer patients had a substantially higher response rate than the first-line patients.  The company's first-line lung cancer patients had a relatively low response rate as well.  The company's second-line cancer patients had a substantially lower response rate as well.  The company's third-line lung cancer patients had a substantially higher response rate as well.  The company's first round of clinical trials in ovarian cancer and bladder cancer were conducted in late 2017.  The company's second round of clinical trials in late 2017 and early 2018 were conducted in combination with checkpoint inhibitors.  The company's third round of clinical trials in late 2017 was conducted in partnership with Genentech and Astellas.  The company's second round of clinical trial in early 2018 was conducted in partnership with GSK and Astellas.  The third round of clinical trials in early 2018 was conducted in partnership with Genentech.  The company's plans for the second round of clinical trials are still being evaluated.  The company's plans for the third round of clinical trials are being reviewed by the company's CFO, Elliot Norry, the company's CFO, and the company's sales team.  The company's next round of clinical trials will be conducted in the U.S. and U.K. in combination with checkpoint inhibitors.