On June 17, 2020, the company announced that it has hired a new executive to lead its digital transformation efforts.  The company also announced that it has hired a new CFO.  The company's CEO, Shantanu Narayen, and CFO, Rachel Murphy, have agreed to the appointment of a new CFO to lead its digital transformation efforts.  According to Narayen, the company's digital transformation efforts have been successful.  The company's digital transformation efforts have enabled the company to drive revenue growth of over 30% year-over-year.  The company's new CFO, Rachel Murphy, has also agreed to the appointment of a CFO to lead the company's digital transformation efforts.  The company's digital transformation efforts have been impressive.  The company's digital transformation efforts are paying off.  The company's digital transformation efforts are gaining momentum.  The company's digital transformation efforts are generating revenue growth of over 40% year-over-year.  The growth in the company's Digital Experience business is particularly impressive.  The company's digital transformation initiatives are driving revenue growth in the Digital Experience business.  The company's new CFO, Shantanu Narayen, has agreed to the appointment of a new CFO, Rachel Murphy, who will lead the company's digital transformation efforts.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Narayen.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the subject of digital transformation.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC'sÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert on the subject.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using theÂ Investor.govÂ to identify whether they are registered professionals or professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using theÂ SECÂ Investor.govÂ toÂ check the background of anyone selling investments.  The SEC's Office of Investor EducationÂ has issued anÂ Investor AlertÂ to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling investments in digital.Â The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using theÂ SECÂÂ Investor.govÂ Investor.govÂ featureÂ toÂ check the background