On February 22, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has obtained an investment-grade credit rating from Moody's Investors Service.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the District of Columbia, alleges that, in 2018, the SEC obtained an investment-grade rating from Moody's.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in 2018, the SEC obtained the investment-grade credit rating from Moody's, and that, in 2019, the SEC alleges that the SEC obtained an investment-grade rating from the SEC.  According to the SEC's complaint, the SEC's complaint alleges that the SEC obtained the investment-grade rating based on the transactions.  The SEC's complaint, however, alleges that the SEC's complaint was false.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, charges the SEC with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the SEC has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins the SEC from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the SEC to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Carol Massocca and Tayo Okusanya of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to find an Investor Alert to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.