On October 26, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire two dry mills in China.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, between mid-2017 and mid-2017, ADM and Gevo, LLC, failed to invest sufficient capital in the two dry mills.  According to the complaint, ADM and Gevo did not invest enough in the dry mills.  The complaint further alleges that Gevo did not invest sufficient capital in the dry mills.  According to the complaint, the dry mills were not producing enough ethanol to support the growth of ADM's business.  The complaint, however, was that the dry mills were not producing enough to support ADM's growth.  The complaint, the complaint, is that the dry mills were not producing enough ethanol.  The complaint, the complaint, the complaint, the complaint is that the dry mills were not generating enough ethanol to support ADM's growth.  As a result, ADM's profitability has declined.  The SEC's complaint charges Gevo with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges Gevo with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The complaint charges Gevo with aiding and abetting ADM's violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint also charges Gevo with violating Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges Geva with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder.  The complaint charges Geva with violating Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-11, 13a-13, and 13a-14 thereunder.  Gevo has agreed to settle the SEC's charges without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint.  Gevo has agreed to a settlement that is subject to court approval.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Katherine Larson and Amanda Anderson of the SEC's New York office.  The SEC