On August 9, 2023, ADMA Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, announced that it has raised its guidance for the second quarter of 2023.  The company's CEO, Cynthia Grossman, and its CFO, Linda Lenz, announced that the company had raised its guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  According to Cynthia Grossman, the company's growth has been fueled by increased demand for its immunoglobulin products and by increased demand for its products.  The company also announced that it had acquired a third-party distributor for its immunoglobulin product, ASCENIV.  According to Cynthia Grossman, ASCENIV is the first immunoglobulin product to be approved by the FDA for use in the primary immune deficient patient population.  The company's revenue is up 77% year-over-year.  The company's gross profit is up 77% from the same period of a year ago.  The company's revenue growth is being driven by continued demand for its immunoglobulin products.  The company's revenue growth has been aided by increased demand for its immunoglobulin product.  The company also announced that it has acquired a third-party distributor for ASCENIV.  The third-party distributor will acquire ASCENIV at a later date.  According to Cynthia Grossman, the third-party distributor will purchase ASCENIV at a later date.  The third-party distributor will receive ASCENIV at a later date.  Cynthia Grossman and Linda Lenz will lead the third-party distributor.  The third-party distributor will be acquired at a later date.  Cynthia Grossman, Chief Commercial Officer, will lead the third-party distributor.  Cynthia Grossman and Linda will provide an overview of the third-party distributor.  The fourth-party distributor will receive ASCENIV at an earlier date.  The third-party distributor will be purchased at a later date.  The fourth-party distributor will be selected at a later date.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an immunoglobulin product using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Teresaet Intelligence has issued an Investor Alert on ASCENIV to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering immunoglobulin.