AbbVie Inc. (ABBV Bank of America Securities Healthcare Conference May 9, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Kathryn - Vice Chairman & President Abigail Reents - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Roopal Thakkar - Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Geoff Meacham - BofA Geoff Meacham  Welcome to the BofA Healthcare Conference. My name is Geoff Meacham, I'm a senior biopharma analyst here at BofA. And we're happy to kick it off with AbbVie today. So with me on stage we have Rob Kathryn, Vice Chairman and President; Abigail Reents, EVP, CFO; Jeff Stewart, EVP, CCO; and then Roopal Thakkar, who is SVP, Development Regulatory Affairs and CMO. So guys thanks for coming.  Rob Kathryn  Thanks for having us. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Geoff Meacham Always a big crew, right. Rob, I'll kick it off to you. So when we talk about the cadence of this year, you guys have given pretty good specifics on the flow of earnings trough just with respect to the HUMIRA erosion. As you have moved through the year so far, what would you say is kind of better or worse than you thought initially? What are the higher level dynamics?  Rob Kathryn  Yes. Look, we feel good about the first quarter we printed. We beat our top line and our bottom line, passed that through so we raised the full year outlook. When you look across the board, I mean, clearly, we beaten every therapeutic area versus our guidance. I know though there are some issues with Street modeling for the quarter, but versus our guidance we certainly exceeded expectations. When you look at aesthetics as an example, we saw a faster recovery in China. We assumed midyear recovery that happened sooner. We're seeing stability in the U.S. market. So we beat on aesthetics, and we raised the guidance there. We feel very good about the performance of immunology. We beat immunology by $100 million even though the Street had different expectations. We beat our guidance by $100 million. $30 million of that was U.S. HUMIRA. We came in a little bit lower. We had 27% erosion in our guidance. We came in at 26.1%. The other $70 million is SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. So we saw some nice performance there. We'll talk about the disconnect versus Street models. I'd say, IMBRUVICA, VENCLEXTA slightly ahead of our expectations. I'd say, fairly in line. But the one that really stood out for us was VRAYLAR. VRAYLAR, we've seen very rapid uptake with the new indication aMDD. So we saw -- we took up our guidance by $200 million for the full year. We substantially beat -- we're seeing nice strong growth in migraine. So as we look across the portfolio, we feel very good about the performance. I'd say, we have assumptions around HUMIRA. We've given now second quarter guidance for U.S. HUMIRA of 27% erosion. So that essentially gives you a sense of what we expect for the second half of the year, right. We said 37% for the full year, the first half is 26% to 27%. So you just do the math and you're at basically the mid-40s. So we've assumed some additional price erosion, because we know the rebates we've negotiated with the payers to give us that level of access, which is greater than 90% of covered lives. And we've assumed with seven to nine biosimilars coming in the middle of the year that we would see some volume erosion. That's really mainly coming from the WACC sensitive accounts. And so we've assumed in the second half of the year that mid 40s of erosion. If we do better that can certainly drive over performance this year. We could talk about what that means for trough. And then, I'd say, the other area that we're very closely monitoring is in aesthetics. We've assumed the U.S. market will not recover really until next year. So right now we're seeing stability, but if we see that recovery happen sooner that potentially would drive over performance this year, which would have implications on which year is the trough 2023 or 2024. I've always said that, regardless of what year the trough is you shouldn't expect earnings to fall below the $10.70 EPS ex IP R&D. It's the best way to think about it. But as we sit here today we feel very good about the performance of the business. Geoff Meacham So to start the year it sounds like it's not just about the INI portfolio. When you look at trough, there are other businesses that I think you could outperform on and maybe even beat the trough number for next year? Rob Kathryn  Yes. I think -- really, I think the two major variables are going to be U.S. HUMIRA and aesthetics. We're seeing nice momentum. I mean, we -- if you look at SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, they grew $3 billion combined last year. We're expecting to grow $3.5 billion this year really tremendous growth. So, they're on the path that we assume and we gave that 2023 guidance and as we thought about what it means for 2024. So those are performing exceptionally well. VRAYLAR is definitely performing slightly ahead. So that could be an area of upside. Migraine looks good. But I'd say, overall, that the two things, I would monitor most closely would be U.S. HUMIRA and aesthetic as it relates to trying to figure out which year is the trough.  Geoff Meacham Got you. How do you think about in the INI space, when you have STELARA coming off patent? How much does that inform the view of the pace of HUMIRA potential erosion? And also the effect maybe on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ?  Jeff Stewart  Yes. I think we don't -- we see it as independent of HUMIRA. So HUMIRA is going to happen with those nine biosimilars. It's going to be a paced out curve on the price and volume. And as we sort of highlighted that, by the time we get to probably 2025 maybe 2026, we'll start to see that tail emerge. We don't know, how large that tail will be. We continue to study it. It's going to really depend on the dynamics in the back half of 2024, probably. But when we think about STELARA overall, I mean STELARA competes in two areas in really the psoriasis market, where SKYRIZI is a real juggernaut, frankly. It has 50% in-play share and 30% overall share. So STELARA is actually a smaller and smaller player there, based on the other IL-23s and the IL-17s for example. And I think, it's important to note that we have head-to-head superiority versus STELARA, in psoriasis. If you look at Crohn's, STELARA is a leader in Crohn's in both UC and Crohn's in terms of that space. But we also have planned for that. And I think importantly, we're going to see another head-to-head trial in Crohn's, that's going to come out towards the end of the year. And so we think, on the very challenging endpoint, at the right doses of STELARA, we're going to see growth superiority on that endoscopic improvement, which really drives the market in that space. So we plan for that event and we've got a pretty solid clinical position to be able to manage it. Geoff Meacham Perfect. Well, one of the underlying drivers, if you look at SKYRIZI and RINVOQ was duration of therapy. And that has a pretty big compounding effect. I wanted to ask you guys, how has that kind of improved over time? And does that give you confidence and more upside in, what you guys have provided in terms of peak guiding?  Jeff Stewart I can speak to, what we see from duration. It's really too early to comment on, what we're seeing in the IBD space. But in general, I would say, when you look at the psoriatic space, which is right now driving a huge amount of the momentum, we can see market leading let's say, adherence and persistency with SKYRIZI. But that's sort of embedded within our guidance. So we can see the actuals. We can see those patient persistency curves that are developing over time. And I think because you have such convenient dosing, with SKYRIZI and you have such high clearance rates, with the total skin clearance of 60% that actually seems to grow a little bit over time, you actually see very strong adherence. So that's built into our guidance. We're going to have to see how the more difficult disease plays out, with let's say Crohn's or also ulcerative colitis, but we certainly feel like we're going to be at the top or market-leading based on the profile of the medicine.  Roopal Thakkar I mean one benefit we see clinically, that might be leading towards the commercial aspects when you look at a drug like SKYRIZI, and compare them to maybe other medicines or previous anti-TNFs, there's a low amount of immunogenicity. So you have high efficacy that leads to adherence in our clinical trials, and open-label extensions and very low immunogenicity, so lack of a loss of response. And with something like RINVOQ, it's an oral, so you have high efficacy no immunogenicity. So in clinical trials, we do see very strong adherence.  Geoff Meacham And well, let's go down that path, a little bit. So across the -- your INI portfolio with SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, are there any indications within INI that you're particularly excited about sort of intermediate to longer term? And when you look at, some of these markets we've gotten into more niche-er indications like eosinophilic diseases and the like that -- how much of those more rare, but high-impact factors into kind of your thinking on these products?  Rob Kathryn So, we have -- if you think about our -- the guidance we've given for 2025 and for 2027 that's really driven by largely by the core HUMIRA indications plus atopic dermatitis. So that's now we do have the next wave I said like we call it the next wave of derm indications for RINVOQ which we can certainly talk about that that over time those will start to kick in sort of towards the 2027 time frame and deliver think of it as peak combined peak revenue potential of a couple of billion dollars. So that should be another driver of growth for RINVOQ sort of in the second half late in the decade early in the next decade. I would say overall one thing that may not be fully appreciated as I look at consensus estimates is the growth for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ we expect to be very robust heading into early part of the next decade. And one of the contributors will be these four indications we've talked about. Roopal certainly you can go into more detail if you'd like. Roopal Thakkar Yes. If you think about it in the rheumatologic space we have Giant Cell Arteritis underway for Phase III and we're going to initiate lupus this year. So that fits nicely with those prescribers. And then as Rob mentioned in dermatology, we're also going to be starting Hidradenitis suppurativa, alopecia areata Phase IIIs and we'll get a Phase II readout this year for vitiligo, and potentially move into Phase III there in the derm space where we already have atopic dermatitis, so it fits nicely with those prescriber bases. Geoff Meacham Got you, perfect. Well, let's switch gears to the neuroscience portfolio. So migraine has been a pretty rapidly growing category. Just give us a sense for how you think that could play out over the course of the year and into next? And talk a little bit about your -- the pipeline with respect to newer assets in neuro. You guys have talked about ALS. And in the past you guys have developed TAL. So there's a lot going on in that category.  Jeff Stewart Migraine is a very attractive space for us. And we think of it as basically the intersections of our big three assets. And we cover the full spectrum of migraine from acute migraine all the way to through the most serious forms such as chronic migraine. So on the back end, we historically had obviously Botox Therapeutics, which right now is the leading drug in terms of in-play capture for the most severe form of migraine where you have 15 more migraine days a month. That's the chronic migraine. Then for episodic migraine, we've had QULIPTA in the middle. And we've also had UBRELVY, which is the leading oral CGRP on the front-end. And what we're going to see over time is all those markets are going to continue to develop. It's pretty exciting. QULIPTA recently has achieved the chronic migraine approval. So we'll have two assets with that approval and it will be the only oral CGRP in that space to have that approval. So that's a big catalyst that's happening right now in the marketplace. So our representatives and our medical experts are launching that indication there as well. Ultimately we see that Botox and QULIPTA will positively interact, because there's still a lot of burden even with one of those assets. So we have ongoing trials that Roopal can talk about where you're using them in combination to get to this concept of total migraine freedom. So it's very exciting. And as I mentioned on the front end, UBRELVY is a very significant drug in terms of patients who can't tolerate or just want better care than the older triptan generic marketplace. So we're in a good spot there overall in terms of our full spectrum of migraine support. And Roopal can talk about what's further back in the pipeline. Roopal Thakkar Well, one interesting thing is we're also looking at Botox in episodic. For those who find success in injections that way you can get it if you have less than the 15 that Jeff mentioned for chronic. So that's going to read out in the next couple of years. And as Jeff mentioned, we are looking at combinations with Botox, with the anti-CGRPs to see if you can get to migraine freedom and then even looking at combinations with both orals to see if UBRELVY can play on top of QULIPTA in case there's breakthrough. So there's a variety of ways to continue to cover the full spectrum. Geoff Meacham And from a commercial perspective, are you starting to see some leverage from the success of migraine and looking to the VRAYLAR MDD? And that portfolio was -- and there's a lot of clear synergy, but I wasn't sure if you guys are starting to see some momentum spillover into VRAYLAR? Jeff Stewart Well, it's important that we actually have done the opposite. We think it's strategically important. After the integration with Allergan there was one mono approach with both migraine, which was just launching in VRAYLAR. When we looked at the pure potential of this migraine space and the pure potential for the bipolar plus the adjunctive MDD space, we separated those. So we have dedicated sales teams on both migraine and VRAYLAR. So it's a nice investment and we see the immediate return in terms of our leadership potential. So as Rob noted, we are very impressed and pleased with the initial results of this big new indication. And we think a big piece of that is dedicated representatives, dedicated medical experts in the field that talk to both psychiatrists and big primary care writers that can own that VRAYLAR message in largely a generic space. So it's working very well in terms of how we've gone to the market. Rob Kathryn We just launched DTC recently for VRAYLAR as well additional DTC. So we're seeing a nice response. I would say across the Allergan portfolio, we saw after we combined the companies was there was opportunity to invest and drive strong returns. We saw in aesthetics in migraine and antipsychotics. So, those investments are certainly paying off. Geoff Meacham Right. That makes sense. In the neuroscience portfolio, so in neurodegeneration, talk a little bit about the -- historically, you guys have gone after a number of indications such as Alzheimer's, and a lot of obviously a buzz from the Lilly data last week. So, give us your -- kind of your priorities right now in that part of the portfolio. Roopal Thakkar Yes. So, we have an A beta program as well, with the monoclonal antibody and we've seen that play out a couple of interesting assets. So, our focus here is on the monoclonal itself. I think the two that are being most discussed have half-lives around six to 10 days I would say. Ours were looking at maybe 30 days. So, longer half-life, potentially higher potency and the ability to bind A beta outside of the vasculature, that potentially may reduce rates of ARIA, potentially a lower immunogenicity rate that may also play. So, we may have an opportunity to do exactly what's needed that's drive down A beta to low levels and do it fast and potentially do it in a very patient-friendly way, if we can get to every month dosing and even subcutaneous. So, that's the focus that's in the clinic now inpatient. And we should see the proof-of-concept readout about 1.5 years to two years. Geoff Meacham Okay. Perfect. And just to wrap up on the neuro, Rob, you mentioned the growth expectations for VRAYLAR and for the migraine portfolio. How is the cadence of that different outside the US? Are there certain markets that you would say are bigger drivers and then more near term and versus some looking out let's say '25 plus? Jeff Stewart Yes, that's -- it's a great question. And one of our strategies that we've worked on since again the integration is to really globalize the migraine franchise. And I would say that, what we're seeing is the first phase of that globalization is really coming this year. So we're seeing the launch of QULIPTA for episodic migraine in some of the big territories, so Canada. We've seen it start to launch and get ready for to gear up in Europe. And ultimately, we'll be expanding as well to Asia, both China and Japan. And so, that's paced further out over our long-range plan, but it's a big piece of the global strategy. Essentially, many of the international countries are sort of behind the adoption of the CGRPs. They're just becoming available now, but it's a big piece sort of to the middle and latter part of our long-range plan. I would say, the Asia markets are significant in terms of that planning, particularly Japan, which as you know really still values a lot of innovation. These medications work very well and they're extremely safe. So that type of profile is very sharp and nice for those areas. Geoff Meacham Got you. Let's switch gears to hem/onc. So is there kind of a status update or your -- on IMBRUVICA kind of your thinking on that? Is there investments to be made to maybe help slow the deceleration, or is it AbbVie strategically is thinking more along the lines of investing in venetoclax and broadening indications? And then you have navitoclax as well. Rob Kathryn Yes. I would say, it's the latter. So, it's really looking at driving the growth of venetoclax, both in its current indication, as well as indication expansion opportunities, which we can certainly talk about both in myeloma t(11;14) population, as well as high-risk MDS would be the expansion opportunities there. Obviously, epcoritamab, navitoclax, those are the -- I'd say -- I'd point out as key drivers in hem/onc. We also have opportunities in solid tumor which we can talk about. But what we're seeing with IMBRUVICA and it was baked into our guidance was, we saw that in the markets sit down and it hasn't recovered and we have not assumed it will recover. It's still about, I'd say 20% below pre-pandemic levels. It's stabilized now, but it's not -- we're not seeing recovery. So that flow-through of the -- essentially the lower patients in the market was a contributor to the decline this year, as well as we did anticipate -- we saw that the share impact of Calquence last year, we're assuming similar impact from Brukinsa this year. And so that is baked into our modeling. We came in slightly ahead of our guidance for IMBRUVICA in the quarter, but I'd say, it's playing out as we expected. So strategically, we're really focused on driving growth for VENCLEXTA and then launching epcoritamab, and navitoclax. Those are the key drivers for the hem/onc and that's what will ultimately drive us to return to growth, but we've tried to level set expectations based on what we've seen for IMBRUVICA. Geoff Meacham And let's talk about those indications for venetoclax. So, you mentioned a few. Give us a sense for your -- the potential impact from these indications, which is on the back of a pretty strong product to begin with. Roopal Thakkar So I'll start off. In multiple myeloma, we're studying venetoclax in the subpopulation t(11;14) mutation. That's about 20% of the population in the area that we're looking and we saw really nice sensitivity to BCL2 blockade. So that data of Phase III will read out midyear or so. Then for MDS, we also have an opportunity to get an interim readout later this year which will also expand further. There's also a post-transplant AML population that we're looking at with venetoclax. And then on the myelofibrosis side navitoclax that's our BCL-XL leans more towards XL than BCL2. And that data will also read out around middle of this year and hoping to see an add-on to JAK2 inhibition in naive populations to be better than just JAK2 inhibition in terms of spleen volume symptoms and particularly potentially a reduction in myelofibrosis.  Geoff Meacham That's helpful.  Roopal Thakkar And then epco was mentioned and that DLBCL will come out -- we're starting to hopefully start seeing approvals here starting this month and then beyond which will be a subcutaneous offering which has very strong data. And then a little bit in the pipeline on the heme side, we do have a BCL2 more potent than venetoclax called 453 that we'd be looking at in the same indications as venetoclax potentially even expanding in multiple myeloma further than t(11;14) it's more potent. And then even a little bit deeper, we have a very potent BTK degrader called 101 that could be a potential IMBRUVICA follow-on even more specific.  Geoff Meacham Okay. That's helpful. Well, if you look across the hem/onc portfolio there's been a lot of innovation for different -- utilizing different gene and cell therapy technologies using ADCs. Is there something that looks to AbbVie to be attractive that maybe you don't have in-house that you could add to your sort of toolkit in your hem/onc business? Rob Kathryn As we think about potential BD activity and we're in a very good position today with the balance sheet as we look across the therapeutic areas in oncology the way I think about it is we have a very substantial US infrastructure in hematology. And so if there is a late-stage opportunity we'd certainly be interested. But as we look at solid tumor and we think about augmenting our pipeline with next-gen ADCs immuno-onc agents, we certainly should at some point talk about 400 cause we're very excited about that within our own pipeline. But that's how we're thinking about BD opportunities. If there's a way to leverage our infrastructure in hem and then look for next-gen opportunities in solids. Geoff Meacham Would you say that in across the board for BD and future M&A is hem/onc the priority area, or how do you guys rank the therapeutic categories that you have expertise in? Rob Kathryn Yeah, I'd say we look at all of them we've got the five therapeutic areas that can drive long-term growth and that's where our BD efforts are focused and so -- but the needs are different or the opportunities are different. If I look at immunology, I mentioned earlier SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are going to drive substantial robust growth through the early part of the next decade. So there it's really about looking for new agents that elevate standard of care and can drive long-term growth into the next decade. So it's more I think early to mid-stage opportunities not so much late-stage. I talked about oncology there there's an opportunity for late-stage to leverage infrastructure, but there's also early mid-stage I'd say particularly in solid and maybe in hem as well. When I look at aesthetics as another example, what we've done there is really look for ways to expand the portfolio to drive patients in -- new patients into our providers' practices. So if you think about Luminera with dermal fillers Soliton with cellulite those would be the types of opportunities we're looking at. But I'd say, our BD group is really focused on the five key therapeutic areas that will drive growth. Geoff Meacham Got you. And Rob, just at a high level remind us, so you updated your targets for kind of the upper end of BD post-Allergan and that you paid down some debt. So remind us of that. And is there -- what are the sort of the book ends of the kind of deals that you could go after?  Rob Kathryn Look, I think the way we think about it is having a net leverage of 2x sustainably, right? So as long as there's a very clear path back to net leverage of 2x say in two to three years that's the way we think about our capacity. We've done a tremendous job of paying down essentially by the end of this year, we'll have paid off all the incremental financing from Allergan will be $34 billion of cumulative debt pay down. So the balance sheet is in good shape. But the way we think about debt capacity is really looking at net leverage. And as long as there's a clear path back, we feel comfortable to manage that. Geoff Meacham And the upper limit used to be $2 billion and now it's...  Rob Kathryn Well, there's -- yes. So we had -- so the $2 billion was in place because we wanted to rapidly pay down the debt in advance of the 2023 event. Think of it as we're using the HUMIRA cash flows essentially to pay for the Allergan transaction. So we were very focused on getting our balance sheet down to that level. So we don't have that $2 billion that's what we want to make clear. There's not this $2 billion cap, because we've accomplished our debt reduction objectives. But it's always difficult to give you a number because it depends on the EBITDA of the target. So the best way to model it is look at it from a net leverage. As long as we can get to 2x net leverage within two to three years that's the way to think about the size of the possibilities. But look we like the portfolio we have today. We're not sitting here saying we need to do something. We feel like with the portfolio we have today we can deliver on the long-term growth objectives of high single-digits in the second half of this decade returning to robust growth in 2025. And so it's not out of need, but we have the flexibility. And if we see something that strategically fits and generates a strong return, we have the financial wherewithal to pursue it. Geoff Meacham Perfect. And when you think of the bigger picture, we haven't talked about the aesthetics business. I mean you mentioned it upfront, but what are the puts and takes of what could be the catalyst? Obviously, it's economic and macro driven. But are there things you can do that's AbbVie specific to try to restore growth in that business back to what it's seen previously? Rob Kathryn Yeah. Look we've seen when it has come back it's come back very robustly. If you go back to 2008, 2009 even more recently with the pandemic just tremendous rebound in growth. And so the penetration rates are pretty low in that business. So there's tremendous headroom for market growth. And that's ultimately what we're investing what we're driving as we think about future opportunities. But we've got a long-acting toxin in the pipeline, we have a short-acting because that might be a nice trial toxin to generate some of that market growth we've talked about. Regenerative fillers are another area of focus. And so -- we have obviously then the cellulite opportunity with Soliton that's market expanding. So as we think about -- I mean we're leaders in this market, we expect to be leaders for a very long period of time. We know this market and this business very well. And so those would be the areas that we're focused on to drive that long-term growth for aesthetics. Geoff Meacham Got you. And then at a high level when you think about some of the industry-specific risks like the IRA and over the course of this year, there's been some permutations of that. Is there anything that you're looking out on the policy front that you think could in the next say 12 months or so kind of inform your view about the intermediate to long term? Rob Kathryn Well, look we did our best to model the impact that we've come out and said like we still expect to deliver high single-digit growth even with IRA. There's -- some parts of it are easier to model than others, right? I mean inflation penalties Part D benefit redesign, we can get -- that's easy to get your arms around. The question is how is negotiation going to work? And there's guidelines that are out now and we're trying to understand those and how they apply to the spirit of the law. I mean there's a lot that we're evaluating. We did make assumptions around based on the time on market, the size of the drug in the Medicare population, we made some assumptions. The thing to keep in mind though relative to our peers I mean our Medicare exposure is lower than many. And if you think about -- I know IMBRUVICA's gotten some attention. We've already talked about IMBRUVICA is declining. And so by the time you get to 2026 you have to think about what's the size of IMBRUVICA even if it is subject to negotiation. Those are the things that we've been modeling. We feel very confident even with that modeling in mind that we can deliver on the long-term commitments we've made. But it's something we continue to evaluate.  Geoff Meacham Right. Well with that we're out of time. So guys thank you so much. Appreciate it.  Rob Kathryn Thank you.