ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Morgan Stanley 18th Annual Global Healthcare Conference September 14, 2020 3:45 PM ET Company Participants Steve Davis - CEO Serge Stankovic - President Elena Ridloff - CFO Conference Call Participants Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Jeff Hung Welcome to the Morgan Stanley Global Healthcare Conference. I'm Jeff Hung, one of the Biotech Analysts. Before we start, please note that this webcast is for Morgan Stanley's clients and appropriate Morgan Stanley employees only. This webcast is not for members of the press. If you are a member of the press, please disconnect and reach out separately. For important disclosures, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Web site at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. If you have any questions, please reach out to your Morgan Stanley sales representative. And if you like to ask the question for the session, please submit it from your page below the video. So for this session we have from Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Steve Davis, CEO; Serge Stankovic President and Elena Ridloff, CFO. Welcome everyone. Steve Davis Thanks Jeff. Jeff Hung So for those who may not be familiar with Acadia, can you provide a brief introduction? Steve Davis Yeah, sure. Thanks much. So I just need to start with a brief reminder that we all know that the business of pharmaceutical development and commercialization and certain inherent risks. So please see a copy of our most recent SEC filings for a description of how those risks relate to our business. So I'd like to briefly highlight some of our key accomplishments so far this year as we execute on our three strategic pillars. First is we will drive NUPLAZID growth in GDP. Our second quarter 2020 net sales were $110 million dollars representing 32% year-over-year growth. We continue to add new patients and see high adherence amongst continuing patients. And as a result, we expect our 2020 net sales to be between $430 million and $50 million, representing approximately 30% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of the range. Beyond 2020, the long-term opportunity for NUPLAZID and PDP is very significant and growing. Our second pillar is delivering on the DRP opportunity. There's no approved treatment for DRP today. And this opportunity set, as you've all heard us say before, is about 10 times the size of the PDP opportunity. There are serious consequences associated with DRP. For example, repeated hospital admissions, increased likelihood of nursing home placement, progression of dementia and increased risk of morbidity and mortality. So it's a very significant unmet need and we're very much looking forward to getting to the end review cycle and potential the clinical help to these patients. We're highly confident in both the efficacy and safety data supported by our SNDA submission for DRP the PDFUA of April 3, 2021, and we look forward to continuing to work with the FDA to facilitate their review. Finally, our third pillar is to develop innovative treatments foe unmet needs. Recently, we initiated our second pivotal study evaluating pimavanserin in the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. We already have one positive pivotal study in this arena and would follow for approval in advance to the second study we just initiated is also positive. In addition, we initiated a Phase III program late last year evaluating trofinetide as a treatment for Rett syndrome, and we expect results from this program in the second half of next year. Another important element of this third pillar is we remain very active on the BD front and have completed two transactions this year. We’ve recently acquired CerSci Therapeutics, a clinical stage biotech company with worldwide rights to a portfolio of novel compounds for neurological conditions. The lead molecule ACP-044 represents a first in class non-opioid mechanism for acute and chronic pain, and we expect to initiate Phase II studies in the first half of 2021. And earlier this year, we announced the licensing and collaboration agreement with Vanderbilt University, adding a Muscarinic receptor program for our pipeline. This M1 PAM program is a portfolio of early stage candidates with the lead compound in early Phase I, and several preclinical compounds. And as you guys have heard me say before, you will see more deals from us. Before I turn it back over to you, Jeff, I just want to make note of one other thing. I'd like to mention a poster that was presented this last Friday during the MDS Virtual Congress, MDS is the Movement Disorder Society. It was -- the poster described a study done by members of the FDA, CMS and Stanford University where they studied Medicare Parkinson's disease patients treated with pimavanserin or a group of atypical antipsychotics, primarily katiopine. And what they saw was that pimavanserin treatment was associated with reduced all cause mortality compared to treatment with atypical antipsychotics. So it's a very interesting analysis with encouraging conclusions and we look forward to any future publication to explore these important findings further in depth. With that, Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Jeff Hung Great, thanks. So let's start with PDP. With your 2Q earnings you indicated that new patient starts have returned to pre-COVID levels. And you've been able to continue adding patients despite everything going on with COVID. So what do you attribute that to? Is it the indication or specific initiatives you've implemented? Steve Davis Yeah, thanks much. Let me start with the initiatives that we've implicated. So we're very pleased with our commercial performance in the first half. Much of this could be attributed to the initiatives we undertook as an organization outside of the, so I think we pivoted very, very quickly. And by the way, I just want to clarify our new patient starts have returned to pre-COVID levels in the specialty pharmacy or retail channel of the business that represents about two thirds of the business. And as I mentioned, we very quickly adapted to the very, very unfortunate situation with this pandemic. For example, we utilized our digital platforms to things like patient and caregiver conversations with their physicians about PDP. We implemented digital programming, which enables diagnosis, samples, reimbursement verification and prescription delivery to patients with the patient never having to leave their home and the physician being able to communicate with them just through telemedicine. And for example, we also immediately switched our speaker grow from live meetings to virtual meeting. So we did a number of things that I think were responsible for making a quick pivot there and being able to have a pretty quick rebound in that portion of that channel of the business. What we're seeing is fulfillment rates for continuing patient base remains very strong, that's never dipped throughout the pandemic. And as I mentioned, we continue to add new patients and new physicians. There's a couple of other thoughts regarding the PDP indication itself. Of course, these symptoms don't stop without treatment. It's a progressive disease. It gets worse. And the caregiver burden gets greater and greater. So I think as a result of our initiatives, we're very well equipped and well positioned to help patients where they are, whether they're in a nursing home or still at home. And ultimately, the pandemic just simply underscores the need for medicines such as NUPLAZID. Jeff Hung And new two main channels, specialty pharmacy and specialty distribution, of which long-term care is a big part. On your 2Q earnings, you talked about specialty pharmacy having done well. Can you remind us the breakout for NUPLAZID in PDP? Steve Davis Yes. Sure, I can’t but Elena is on. So I'll just ask Elena, maybe to answer that question. Elena Ridloff Sure. So roughly two thirds of our business is the specialty pharmacy channel, which encompasses the [actual] setting. So patients seeing their physician in the office setting. About 25% of our business is in long-term care and then the remainder is largely the VA and Tricare. Jeff Hung And can you remind us of the impact of COVID on the different settings, such as long-term care? And how have the impacted areas fared in recent months? Have things begun to turn around to growth? Steve Davis Yeah. So let me take it one channel at a time. So I'll start with the specialty pharmacy channel or the kind of retail doctors offices, as Elena mentioned. So in this channel, we were impacted mostly in the beginning of pandemic as patients weren't having physician visits and the number of patient starts were down. So we saw a drop in new patient adds in the initial days of the pandemic. As a result, we adjusted our guidance for the year on our first earnings quarter call and reduced it by about 5%. Since then, our new patient starts in that channel are back to pre-COVID-19 levels. They began rebounding pretty quickly, took two, three months to get there and for the last two, three months, they’ve been back to pre-pandemic levels. In the long-term care setting, as we discussed on our recent earnings call, this segment has been more impacted and slower to adjust in the SP channel. And I think there are really two dynamics that are at play here. One is the census numbers are down. So fewer patients are being admitted to nursing homes today, and that will very possibly result in a bolus of patients coming through or increased number of patients coming through eventually. And in the -- and for Parkinson's patients, in particular, Parkinson's psychosis patients, we're not seeing as much of a reduction as nursing health patients, in general, who we are seeing some. And then the second dynamic is nursing home staffs initially were just completely overwhelmed in the pandemic. They were really many times focused on how can I give my patients bed. And so what we've seen in long-term care is things, while they degraded for several months in a row, have really begun to stabilize now in terms of what we see in -- over about the last six weeks. So facilities have adapted, we've adapted, patients have, physicians have, caregivers have. And what we expect going forward in long-term care is that we'll see a return to growth, and we believe the impact that we're seeing today is a temporary one. And then just a reminder, I mentioned this earlier that regardless of the channel dynamics, our commercial organization can reach patients wherever they are. So if they're at home, even if they're deferring admission into a long-term care facility, they're still symptomatic. They still need to be treated. Elena Ridloff And just to add one thing. We continue to see strong rates in the continuing patients through the pandemic, and we have not seen an increase in discontinuation rates. Steve Davis Right. Jeff Hung Okay, that's helpful. Would you expect long-term care to increase with DRP? And might there be an impact to the potential launch for that indication? Steve Davis So there's a larger proportion of dementia patients in long-term care facilities. And as we expect the DRP market could be as high as 50% in LTC compared to the 25% in PDP. So regarding the DRP launch, there are a few things to take into consideration here. One is we've built an extensive platform and have extensive relationships already. So this is not like launching a new drug in an indication where you haven't -- we don't have any infrastructure. So we already have a hub. We already have relationships in the neurology community and in the psychiatry community. And so this is very much a label extension that we will undertake as opposed to starting from scratch. And that applies, of course, also to the long-term care setting, where long-term care there are more constituents involved in terms of getting the right patient on the right therapy, and we already have those relationships. And as you have heard us say before and today, when we are thinking about a long-term care facility, they may have two or three patients that are PDP patients sometimes, while that same facility may have 20 or 30 DRP patients. So there's a real opportunity for us to leverage the relationships that we have, the infrastructure that we have in long-term care as we move into our anticipated approval in DRP. Jeff Hung And you've touched upon this next, part of this next question there. But I guess, are there some overlaps between PDP and DRP? And could you talk about some of the similarities and differences between these two indications? And I guess, given the differences beyond additional reps, what changes or adjustments do you need to make to your organization to launch in DRP? Steve Davis Yeah. I'm going to ask Elena to address the second half of that. She'll Speak to our plans to expand the sales force, et cetera. But before we do that, I'll just call out one really key similarity -- one key difference between PDP and DRP. The similarity is in PDP, of course, prior to the approval of NUPLAZID, the only option that physicians had was use of the dopaminergic previous generation atypical antipsychotics. And it's problematic when used in Parkinson's patients, because those dopamine blockers can interfere with the motor therapies that those patients are receiving. If I shift over to DRP, it's actually a very similar situation. While those patients are not taking dopamine agonist, it's been demonstrated in a very large study that those same dopaminergic atypical antipsychotics, when used in dementia patients, accelerate cognitive decline. And it's equivalent to about one year of disease progression. So it's not insignificant. And I would say based upon the market research we've done, I think the physician concern with using those drugs in dementia patients is at least as high, maybe even higher than the concern of using those drugs in PDP patients. So the similarity is those drugs, which are not approved when used off label, can exacerbate other elements of the disease. The significant difference between PDP and DRP is PDP is treated largely by neurologists and understandably their principal focus is on movement. Can I get this patient to walk? Can I get the feet up et cetera? Can I reduce their off time? And while they certainly deal with hallucinations and delusions, it's not as high a priority as getting them to be able to move. If you compare and contrast that to physicians that treat dementia, the connectivity between cognitive impairment and hallucinations or delusions is just much closer. So it's more of a spectrum of symptoms that these patients have, and we're just much closer to the bull's eye there. So again, I think the motivation to treat from the perspective of being closer to the bull's eye is probably even greater in DRP than in PDP. And the compromise that you have to make when you use the off-label atypical antipsychotics creates at least as much of a concern in DRP as it does in PDP. Elena, you want to speak to some of the adjustments we're making? Elena Ridloff Fairly happy to. So just to add on to what Steve was mentioning. Very importantly, this is a line extension into DRP. So we will be leveraging both our commercial [footprint], the brand awareness for NUPLAZID amongst the prescribing physicians and long-term care facilities. So our footprint is about 250 people. We will be [expected] to do around 450 to 500 in total. And there is a lot of overlap in the prescriber base today to where we will be going with DRP. So today, we call on neurologist, a small group of PCPs who focus on CNS, as well as long-term care and that is the same prescriber base with a little more additional increases in psychiatry, the primary care folks and long-term care as greater focus is in DRP versus PDP today. Jeff Hung Great. The PDUFA date for DRP is April 3rd. We continue to get questions from investors on standard review, and I'm sure that you get this question even more. Can you remind us what gave you confidence for potential priority review? And has the FDA given any indication on why it chose standard review? Steve Davis Yes. I'll start, and Serge, please feel free to jump in. So we were surprised that we did get priority review based upon having a breakthrough therapy designation. You usually do, not always. Serge can speak to this. There have been some recent examples where that's not always been the case, particularly in sNDA. But I think we recognize that when it's an sNDA and it's not a new chemical entity, the time frame for going from the time the FDA accepts the filing of the submission to the PDUFA date is four months. So it's really tight. And so we did inquire the FDA to try to get more color and they simply reaffirmed that based on their preliminary review, they view the filing as appropriate for standard review and didn't provide any additional color. And we asked them a couple of times, we've got the same response. So recognizing the very short time frame here, we felt it was best to focus on the review itself and that's what we've done. And I’d just note that when they indicated to us that they had assigned a standard classification, they also noted that they have not identified any review issues and also indicated that they do not plan to have an advisory committee. And we view both those as positive indicators. Jeff Hung Great. But there have been other recent examples where companies thought they would get priority view, but was indeed approved under standard review. I guess, is there anything from those examples that you've been able to glean insights? Steve Davis Yes. Serge, you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes, absolutely. Yes, sort of most close analog to our situation would be Janssen's esketamine SPRAVATO supplemental NDA for suicidal ideation. Just as us at their original NDA, they have received breakthrough therapy designation and priority review, so did we with the PDP application. On the supplemental NDA for suicidal ideation, they also received breakthrough therapy designation, but the review was under standard review time line, and they ultimately got approved this summer. So they are exact example as ours, which we are also in a supplemental NDA situation, and we received the standard review. The analog, one can draw certain conclusions about that, whether that represents some sort of stance or policy if you wish that FDA is taking or division is taking in terms of how they look at the multiple breakthrough therapy designations and supplemental NDA or something else is in works, we really don't know and would hesitate to supplement, to speculate. What I would say, we continue to be very confident in the data that we submitted. We also believe, based on what Steve just mentioned that in the same communication where they said that we received standard review, they did also say that they didn't identify any review issues. So we believe that the decision, whatever rationale and background is behind it, doesn't have anything to do with our application data per se and the database and the data we submitted, but may have some other rationale. Jeff Hung And what is your view on the recent string of complete response letters? Is there any reason to believe that there are any changes at the agency that might add risk to approval in DRP? Serge Stankovic Well, I would say that we generally avoid to comment on other applications, because we are not familiar with the details of the review or details of the data and all that. We do not see -- each situation is different and we do not see any particular policy arising from that attitude from these decisions, the different decision made. It may have to do with the timing, with resources, the ability to be able to complete those things and asking for additional data. We continue to be very confident, as I said, in our data. It's very consistent with what we've been finding as we have been adding the new information, both in terms of efficacy and safety. We have a strong package and are currently focusing on facilitating review toward approval. Jeff Hung And how are you thinking about pricing in DRP, given that the target population is, as you said, 10 times bigger than PDP? What has initial feedback been from payers and has there been any pushback on keeping pricing the same for DRP? Steve Davis Well, I'll start just -- I guess, it's a little bit premature to comment in detail on pricing. But I'll just start by saying, I wouldn't necessarily assume that we would need to change the price for gear. The payer interactions we've been so far and we've had a lot indicate to us that they get it. They understand that there's no drug approved. Use of the dopaminergic atypical antipsychotics is problematic for the reasons that we've been discussing on this call. And the dynamics, I think, between PDP and DRP are very similar. DRP admittedly is 10 times larger than PDP, but we're not talking about statins or diabetes medications here. It's still a relatively small population in the grand scheme of things. If we ever were in a position where we felt like it would be appropriate to make any adjustments, we don't do any [Indiscernible] sort of a lot of dry powder. And the only discounting we do today is just statutory discounts to government payers. Jeff Hung And how should we think about the launch curve for DRP, I guess? Given the years of patient experience for PDP, do you see adoption in DRP being more rapid? Would you expect any significant bolus with the initial launch? Or are there any reasons to believe that the launch may be more gradual? Steve Davis Yeah, thanks. We see this. I think the right analog here is PDP. So we see the dynamics as being very similar. What we see many times with these kinds of drugs in this kind of a launch is a more linear trajectory, so not so much of a C-shaped curve as you might see with orphan drugs or maybe in oncology. And the reason for that, and by the way that's what we projected in PDP when we launched there and that's exactly what we've seen. The reason we projected it there and we will here too is when you're launching into a new area with a new drug and physicians have a certain amount of experience with off-label drugs, it does take some time to educate them. It takes some time for them to get some experience with drug. And so what we've seen, again, with PDP, it is very linear shaped, very attractive revenue growth year-over-year and that's what we anticipate in DRP as well. Now of course, my absolute numbers, the DRP numbers, will be very different than PDP but the shape of the curve we expect to be similar. Jeff Hung Okay. And then multiple neurodegenerative disorders have patients with dementia-related psychosis, such as Alzheimer's. Which disorders do you think are more likely to have faster adoption? Do you think there will be certain ones that contribute more early on in the launch? And then I guess on the other hand, what kinds of things do you need to work on for the disorders that may not ramp up as quickly early on in the launch, such as patient or physician education? Steve Davis Yeah. Let me take just a little bit of running start at it. So in dementia-related psychosis, sometimes people think about various subtypes. And of course, we've talked about that as well. But just one, just as a background reminder that we received agreement with the FDA that we would pursue dementia-related psychosis broadly in order to treat the symptoms of psychosis, regardless of their clinically diagnosed subtype. And I just want to be clear here, that subtype diagnosis is very subjective. It's difficult to diagnose. Many times, physicians don't know what the underlying etiology is. You sometimes going to only find it out through autopsy. And these patients are, in terms of the kind of subtype that is assigned to them, many times it's wrong and it's confirmed through autopsy. And so for that reason, many times, physicians don't even assign a subtype. They diagnose the patient and code them as dementia NOS, or dimension not otherwise specified. In fact, if that group of patients, not otherwise specified, were a subtype itself, it would be the largest subtype behind Alzheimer's disease. And so we have felt all along that these patients respond in the same way. The symptoms emerge in a very similar fashion. And so they should be looked at as a group and that's the way we've approached this from a clinical and regulatory perspective, and the FDA has been in lockstep with us on that. In fact, there's a very short discussion in our -- into Phase II meeting getting to that point. And so because it's difficult to subtype patients, and I should also mentioned, many times they have mixed disease and so they may have more than one underlying etiology. We think the appropriate thing to do is to think of them in terms of the broader class of dementia-related psychosis patients. So as a consequence, we don't anticipate that any particular type of patient would lead or lag other types of patients. And in fact, one of the benefits that we have here when we think about physicians that write these drugs is, there's a real commonality between the prescriber population in PDP and DRP. The mix changes a little bit but the same components are there. So in PDP, the types of physicians that treat these patients are, as I mentioned earlier, the largest group by far is neurologists but there's a significant psychiatry component and is significant. What I would call Pseudo specialists, these are physicians that may focus their practice on geriatrics, et cetera. Those three components all are the same three components in DRP and the mix is a little bit different. The neurology component is reduced on a relative basis and psychiatric grows and the pseudospecialist grows. So again, we are able to leverage that same infrastructure, the same relationships in PDP for DRP. Jeff Hung Great. Well, maybe one last question in the last minute. You recently announced the acquisition of CerSci Therapeutics. Can you talk about this deal and how it fits into your strategy? Steve Davis Sure. Let me start and, Serge, you can feel free to jump in, if you like. I think the commentary that you've seen from us in BD is the center point is the science. So that's true, obviously, with pimavanserin or NUPLAZID. It's a very different kind of antipsychotic than any other antipsychotic on the market. The deal we've done the Rett syndrome to acquire ristue trofinetide, same thing, nothing approved. Very interesting approach to treating that disorder, very high unmet need. We've done two collaborations this year, one with Vanderbilt University in the muscarinic space, I touched on that earlier. Again, a very unique approach to trying to solve what's been a difficult problem there and avoiding the cholinergic side effects downstream the muscarinic system. And then most recently, the CerSci deal that you alluded to. There, too, a very much based grounded in high science. The thing that is really interesting about this program that we like so much is, as we've evolved, we've developed redundant mechanisms for pain. It's part of our defense system. It's important for our survival. And so many times when you plug your finger in one hole and diet water comes out another. And so what we like about this is the point of intervention is a common point through which a lot of the pain sensory mechanisms work. And so we think it's a really, really interesting opportunity. The animal efficacy data looks very, very robust and the safety and tolerability data, both in animals as well as in humans, which we have now all looks very, very supportive. So we're eager to get into Phase II with this program. Jeff Hung Great. It looks like we'll have to leave it there. Thank you all so much for your time. A - Steve Davis Yes. Thank you, Jeff. A - Serge Stankovic Thank you. A - Elena Ridloff Thanks, Jeff. Q - Jeff Hung Bye.