Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Miguel Martin – CEO Glen Ibbott – CFO Ananth Krishnan – Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer – Cowen Pablo Zuanic – Cantor Fitzgerald Lisa Lavery – Piper Sandler Charlotte Carter – Stifel Theresa Zamparo – CIBC Tamy Chen – BMO Doug Miehm – RBC Capital Janiceets Frederico Gomes – ATB Capital Janiceets Operator Greetings, and welcome to the Aurora Cannabis Incorporated First Quarter 2022 results conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 9, 2021. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. Ananth Krishnan  Thank you, Betsy (ph) and thank you all for joining us. With me today are Aurora's CEO Miguel Martin, and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After the market closed today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for the first quarter of Fiscal '22. The release, accompanying financial statements, and MD&A are available on our IR website and via SEDAR and EDGAR. In addition, you can find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are also reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, and the risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Annual Information Form and other periodic filings and registration statements. These documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct our -- conduct a question-and-answer session. For retail investors, we have compiled questions submitted to us prior to the call. For analysts, we will ask that you limit yourselves to one question and then get back in the queue. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Miguel. Please go ahead. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. We are pleased at our track record and strategic and financial progress from fiscal 2021 as carried into the first quarter of fiscal 2022, and there are efforts to build shareholder value or gain momentum. Our transformation plan is on track and we continue to expect to achieve adjusted EBITDA profitability sometime in the first half of fiscal 2023. We focus on 4 areas to achieve this goal. First, we're the number one Canadian LP in global medical cannabis revenue, with leading margins of over 60%. This is nearly double what the industry generates in adult rec. It's our competitive advantage and it's why we're allocating further resources to the Canadian, European, and Israeli medical markets. Long term, we see Medical continuing to expand globally and we strongly believe the leader in Medical will be the key beneficiary of recreational cannabis when legalized. Second, is redesigned the Company to create a more efficient and effective enterprise. A big part of this is expense reduction. We've already achieved run rate savings of approximately $33 million from our apps plan in September, which puts us on charged bid to achieve $60 million to $80 million in cost savings without impacting planned growth investments. Third, is our strong balance sheet and improve cash burn of only $16.6 million this quarter. There's not only supports our organic growth, but also provides us with the means to evaluate M&A opportunities. To be clear, if and when we make an acquisition, it will be accretive, bring managerial talent we don't currently possess, and align with our premiumization strategy. Fourth, our science and innovation business unit. This business unit is focused on launching a strong pipeline of new releases globally to leverage our intellectual property in genetics and biosynthesis. But first let's briefly discuss medical cannabis in adult rack. In Canada, we represent about 23% of the medical market. Almost twice that of our closest peer, but only 1% of population are currently patients. Given the fragmented nature of this channel, we have a clear opportunity to expand our presence through education and by helping patients navigate medical cannabis alternative treatments through our proprietary end-to-end experience and this represents a great long-term opportunity for us. Our international medical business continue to show exceptional growth. Growing by a 146% over the prior-year comparative period. We shipped a total of $8 million during Q1 to our partner in Israel, Cantek, which we believe is the largest single shipment of cannabis that Israel has ever received. While we may still see month-to-month fluctuations of purchase orders from our Israeli partners, this is a tremendous vote of confidence in the quality of Aurora's products, and is a proof point of our ability to profitably navigate a complex and evolving regulatory environment. Also contributing to International Medical during Q1 was our continued success in Germany, where we have a leading position in dried flower and in growing share of its oil market. We also saw over 50% sales growth in both the UK and Australian markets this quarter, which we expect to become significant profit drivers for us in the future. In France, we delivered our first shipment in August with a pilot program, under which we will supply the entire medical cannabis dried flower range. Our expertise in medical cannabis and the ability to operate within a highly regulated framework, gives us a great opportunity to expand in the global adult rec when those markets open up. This has been proven repeatedly over time and now we are seeing this in the Netherlands, which based on today's global regulatory framework, we expect to become the largest federally regulated recreational market outside of Canada. Yesterday, we announced an agreement to invest in Netherlands-based Growery, 1 of 10 license holders entitled to participate in the controlled cannabis supply chain experiment, the CCSC. Although we are providing Growery with a secured loan to construct a facility and fund early operations, our cash investment upfront is minimal, and the remainder of our investment is dependent on achieving certain milestones. During the CCSC, approximately 80 out of the nearly 600 coffee shops in the country will only sell legally produced cannabis from the 10 approved federally licensed producers. Should the trial be expanded on nationally, we estimate a market size of about $10.8 billion annually, which is about the same size of the Canadian market. On Canadian bill rec, we believe this segment is still in the process of bottoming. That's why our focus on rec is on higher-quality, higher-potency, higher-margin products, that drove a 29% sequential revenue increase in our premium and super-premium dry flower products. In contrast, the overall segment was relatively steady in Q1. It's important to note that the discount segment of rec is largely a commodity, almost completely driven by price. This will certainly create issues for the foreseeable future, which is why we're pleased to focus on premium rack. But more generally, a strategy that centers on a high-margin, high-growth medical, that's a key differentiator. And finally, in terms of our science and innovation business unit, we believe it provides Aurora with a strong right to win in premium consumer categories. Within this unit is our world-leading genetics and breeding program, which we expect to become a real differentiator for Aurora, with the ability to bring new high cannabinoid cultivars to market, but a more customer-focused, sustainable, and profitable. The breeding program located in Aurora Coast, the state-of-the-art facility in Vancouver Islands, Komatsu Valley, is expected to drive revenues through genetic rotation into our product pipeline and greatly improve the efficiencies of cultivation through our higher yielding plants, higher cannabinoids, and better disease resistance. We're also expecting revenue growth through genetic licensing agreements for these novel cultivars. All year proprietary cannabis cultivars were distinct terpene profiles and high TMC potency have already been developed. These include our 3 sand RAF cultivar has launched in September, and foreign gas, which we launched -- licensed in North 40. It is Scotialine -based premium micro producer. While we're just building out this part of our business, and you'll hear much more about it soon, we view genetic licensing as a capital light long-term revenue growth opportunity for Aurora. And one that will ultimately bring a wide array of products to the market. Finally, we also believe that our intellectual property includes the most efficient pathway for cannabinoid biosynthetic production, that puts us in a pivotal position, with nearly all cannabinoids biosynthetic work being undertaken in the industry today. We're actively working to build, partner, enforce, and protect this valuable intellectual property. I would now like to turn the call over to Glen, so that we can provide his financial review. Glen Ibbott  Thanks, Miguel. And good afternoon everyone. I appreciate you all joining us today. I will now review our Q1 2022 financials, which I believe show both the distinctive strengths of our business and our progress on our business transformation program. Let me point out a few of the highlights. We have one of the stronger balance sheets amongst Canadian LP s. This consists of approximately $424 million in cash, no term debt, and access to $1 billion U.S. through a shelf prospectus, including a $300 million U.S. ATM. Our capacities to raise capital is available to us as financial firepower to be used for strategic and a creative M&A opportunities. Our cash flow also continues to substantially improve year-over-year. In Q1, cash use was $16.6 million. Down from $142.8 million in comparable period a year ago. We have plenty of cash to fund our operations as we move towards profitability and positive free cash flow. Our core medical businesses continued to deliver overall growth and a normalized gross margin in the 60% range, with 64% in Q1 2022. This strong margin profile has held steady over the past few quarters and is an important gross profit driver that both distinguishes us from our competitors and is critical to reaching positive EBITDA. Of course, our SG&A is also a fraction of what it used to be in prior years, and upon continued execution of our business transformation plan, will becoming down further. At a summary level, our Q1 results benefited from our broad diversification across international medical, domestic medical, and adult recreational segments. Overall, Q1 net cannabis revenue was $60.1 million, 10% higher than last quarter. Our medical cannabis segment continues to excel, generating $41 million in sales and gross margin of 64%. Medical represents about 68% of our Q1 revenue and both 81% of our gross profit. Our consumer cannabis business delivered $19.1 million and a gross margin of 32%. Overall, Q1's adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments was 54%. This compares favorably to 48% a year ago and 53% last quarter. The increase in adjusted gross margins due primarily to a shift in sales mix towards medical market, which delivers higher average unit selling prices and margins. On a related note, our average net selling price per gram of dry cannabis rose 21% to $4.67 from $3.86 in Q1 of last year. Reflecting the increasing prominence of our medical cannabis business. Now a bit more detail on each of our business segments. Our Canadian medical revenue was $25.1 million in Q1 and reflected the consistent performance in the pace of the continued consumer retail industry roll-in. As we have said previously, our Canadian medical patients can be segmented into two groups, those with cost-reimbursement coverage and those without the reimbursement program. Our success is really driven by our high volume insured patient groups, whose reimbursement makes them consistent and reliable buyers, and this is why we have made patient groups with reimbursement coverage a high focus priority in our medical business. That said, we may see some migration of price-sensitive non-reimbursement patients from the medical channel to the adult recreational channel as that market continues to develop over time. Our international medical revenue was $15.9 million, and that reflected 146% growth versus the prior year, and 84% sequentially. Q1 revenue included $7.9 million in sales to Israel. As I said on our last conference call, BBS Analytics estimate the market size of about $3.2 billion by 2025 for just Germany, Poland, UK, France, and Israel. Clearly, International Medical is worthy of our focus and investment and demonstrates why Aurora 's leadership internationally is an important driver of long-term shareholder value. Our Q1 consumer revenue is $19.1 million, which was relatively consistent compared to the prior quarter. Our premiumization strategy gains traction as evidenced by 29% sequential revenue growth in our premium dry flower categories, largely driven by the launch of three new cultivars. Consumer margins were healthy at 32%, up over last quarter, as we saw the shift in our sales mix towards the premium margin side of our portfolio. Put it together and we see the directional change we would like to see. The consumer gross profit up 5% from last quarter, benefiting from our purposeful mix shift towards premium. Now for SG&A which includes R&D, it remains well-controlled coming in at $44 million in Q1 excluding restructuring and prior period adjustments. And while we've made a lot of progress in driving down SG&A, we are also implementing measures to take out further costs. These efforts should get us well below our $40 million quarterly run rate by the time we exit this fiscal year. But pulling all of this together, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q1 2022 of $11.5 million, excluding $600 thousand of termination restructuring charges. The $4 million dollars decrease in EBITDA loss as compared to last quarter was primarily driven by Q1 's 10% increase in revenues, while adjusted gross margins remained strong and steady. For clarity in our adjusted EBITDA, we do not include the benefit of $14.4 million in government with subsidy grants that we report in other income, as this program is now been based off of Canadian federal government. Now let me remind you of the timing along our path to EBITDA profitability. Approximately 60% of cash savings under the business transformation program are expected to be realized on the P&L and our cost of goods. As the inventory is drawn down following the implementation of our lower production cost structures, we would expect to see those savings in our P&L beginning late this fiscal year and into the next. The remaining 40% of cash savings will show up in SG&A as they are executed, beginning with Q2 of this fiscal year. So to wrap up, two key takeaway from these financial results. We have a clear path forward to being adjusted the EBITDA positive by at some point in the first half of our next fiscal year through actions that we control, and our balance sheet remains strong with a healthy cash balance and improved working capital and cash flow. Now, I'll turn the call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. Before we go to Q&A, let me leave you with these final thoughts. We're very pleased that our transformation plan is on track and it's important to note that the foundation of that plan is medical cannabis. We expect continued revenue growth with very high margins. Aurora remains the number 1 Canadian LP by medical cannabis revenues globally and we've been able to differentiate ourselves in Canada through investment and proprietary end-to-end patient infrastructure, which create various entry and a sticky insured patient base. We expect to be a market leader as jurisdictions around the world continue to open up. Our Number 1 position in medical also paves the way for success in global adult recreational cannabis. As medical-only jurisdictions evolve, our most recent proof point is in Netherlands but others will surely follow. Our regulatory compliance, testing, and commitment to science make Aurora the ideal partner in both medical and rec over the next decade. As far as adult rec in Canada, we believe the market is in the process of bottoming and we are encouraged that our premiumization strategy is gaining traction. We also expect continuing innovation in our product pipeline, supported by our science innovation program. Most importantly, any softness related to the discount segment won't impede our ability to reach profitability. to that point, we've already achieved $33 million one run rate cost savings were more on the way. This positions help us to achieve EBITDA profitability in the first half of fiscal 2023, and our team is aligned and energized to get there. Thanks for your time today. We are excited about the secular opportunity that continues to be very significant. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Before we take questions from our analysts, I will turn the call over to Ananth to ask a few questions from our retail shareholders or invited to submit questions ahead of today's call. Ananth, please go ahead. Ananth Krishnan  Thanks, Miguel. Let's begin their questions. The first one here is the following. When do you expect to enter the U.S. market? Miguel Martin Ananth, it's a great question. First and foremost, know that we are spending a lot of time focused on the U.S. and paying attention to U.S. I personally have over 25 years working in the U.S. with the FDA, ATF, DEA, and have a very keen perspective on this topic. What I will say is that our strategy of being thoughtful and being patient has clearly paid off. If you look at assets in U.S., they have declined in overall value by 60% to 70%. And so taking our time from valuation standpoint, clearly, has been the right play. And secondly, the Biden administration has been consistent, medical first plus decriminalization. And so with that, we expect that the number one Canadian Medical Company, and one of the largest Canadian LPs medically globally will have something to say about that. So when you think about our overall goal of EBITDA profitability, we are not going to put that into risk by looking for a non-traditional investment. That being said, with the right opportunity, we have the balance sheet and financial flexibility to be opportunistic when we see the right transaction. And so as we go forward with that, we'll continue to keep an eye on it, we understand the news of this week and what's been put forth and obviously we'll pay attention. But I'll leave you with this. The work that we do in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and Israel, all around world in excellence in a regulatory compliant framework is what best positions us to be successful in the U.S. Ananth Krishnan  Great thanks, Miguel. Our next question is, can you tell us more about your upcoming product launches in new innovation initiatives? Miguel Martin Absolutely. First and foremost, as a Company that has a globally diversified business, we get benefits out of innovation, out of our scientific progress, both in the medical business but also in the rec business, which is probably more the gist of your question. If you look at our full-year 2022 innovation calendar, it includes over 80 new SKUs. In Q4 of full-year '21, we delivered 25 compelling new products to the market, followed by another 22 SKUs in the Q1 of 2021. And this is clearly been our most significant and successful innovation push since legalization. Those innovation SKUs are doing extremely well, and right now they're driving almost 40% of our wholesale revenue, reflecting really strong customer and consumer interest. Those SKUs are heavily skewed towards new flower rotations that are powered by our genetics breeding facility that I managed previously, as well as new concentrate and outable SKUs that have been driven by historical investments and new capabilities and competencies. Beyond that, we're also seeing great value and limited runs and seasonal offerings. And this winter, we will be offering a candy cane mints and cranberry dates for the holiday season under our drift brand that we think will be received very well. And we're also introducing hash for the first time, which we've relaunched under the Whistle branding with new packaging and price points, and they're planning on releasing a whole new lineup of rotational genetics that come from our coast facilities. So overall it's a big focus on innovation. We get benefit out of it both in our rack and Medical businesses. And we see it as a key component of our premiumization strategy. Ananth Krishnan  Perfect. And our third and final question from the retail shareholders is which international markets do you view as the most important for the business? And how are you planning on staying ahead of the competition in those markets? Miguel Martin Well, Ananth, yeah, that's a great question. I think everybody has been so focused on U.S. that people forget that there's a huge world out there with positive cannabis legislation and regulations evolving. We've talked about Germany, we've talked about UK, we've talked about key markets like Australia, but the reality is, these are really big markets with huge opportunities but each and every market has these core conditions. Highly regulatory, keen compliance, significant hurdles in everything from manufacturing, to packaging, to sales and marketing. So we see huge potential in our ability and we've seen great success historically. But there are a couple -- several core markets that we're really excited about and I mentioned some of those on the call. Israel is a large driver for us in Q1 and we continue now the bulk sales that we'll have with our partner Cantek to continue. Also, our partnership with one of the most forward regulatory agencies, the IMCA under the leadership of Yuval Lanschaft has been really important, and we think the investments and work we've done with Yuval and his team definitely will pay dividends globally. We've also announced our entry in the Netherlands yesterday, which we expect to be a significant -- about a $2.8 billion market in the future. And in terms of European Medical, which is set to become about a $5 billion market by 2025, we're really excited about our leadership in a couple of key areas. The Number 1 supplier of flower in Germany as of September, almost a 35 share, growing share of the oils market, and we doubled that share since September. We also believe we're the number one in the UK dried flower business where we had an exceptional quarter. And as we've mentioned, we're the exclusive flower supplier, 3 of the 9 tenders in the French Medical Cannabis Pilot Program. And as for what sets us apart from the competition, our consistent regulatory expertise science, testing, and compliance has been recognized all around the world as our ability and a real differentiator in our ability to succeed in those key markets. We're not going to rest on our laurels, and we're aiming to maintain and grow our market share as these markets develop. And we know that the expertise and experiences that we have there will play well all around the world and including the U.S. Ananth Krishnan  That's great,. Thanks, Miguel. So that's the end of the retail shareholder questions. Operator, I will turn it over to you for questions from the analysts. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. To ask you question [Operator Instructions]. If you're using a speaker phone, [Operator Instructions]. If at any time your question has been addressed and you would like to withdraw your question [Operator Instructions]. In the interest of time, please limit yourself to one question. If you have a follow-up, we kindly ask that you jump back in the queue. At this time we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question today comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead. Vivien Azer Hi. Thank you. Good evening. Miguel Martin Good evening, Viv. Vivien Azer Sorry. As important as Medical business is, and we've talked a lot about it on prior quarters, I actually wanted to focus on your consumer business in Canada because the mix shift is apparent, and it's certainly a positive evolution of your portfolio. And then in looking at the high-fire data, it looks like you're having some similar success in private sequential market share gains for your portfolio. So Miguel, 1 question, but 2 parts. The first is, as you look at the components of your market share gains and perhaps you can comment through the end of October, since we've already closed out that month. Which is the bigger driver San Raf or with Flower (ph). And then as a follow-up to that, how do you think about these third-party craft brands sitting in -- in driving, not just top-line growth, but also not being dilutive to your margins. Thank you. Miguel Martin Very welcome. So now Viv, if you have if you look overall in the Canadian rack business, I just -- a couple of points. One is we're only 3 years into it, and it's a bit of an irrational market. Most of the market share gains from competitors are coming from the large - pack size, which is really a value play and as we've talked about, we're focused on premium so as an example, the discount $28,000 which in some cases might even have a negative margin in certain provinces. people are chasing because of excess inventories and a bunch of other things, we're exiting that. When you look at Tabak, we see strong -- extremely strong response. So specifically to answer your question, we're seeing most of our premium growth in [Indiscernible], and this was a strategy we announced about a year ago, and you're definitely seeing others follow it. If you want to have really large market shares, I just don't think it's a profitable strategy in the short-term. This market will rationalize a bit. The other thing, as you talked about high-fire data and clearly syndicated data is evolving, and is getting better but it's just not there yet in a way that maybe others would look and say on the use of IRI, Nielsen, or in tobacco like MSA. And so while we've look at High power data, it's only 50% coverage in Ontario. It's only 30% to 40% comp coverage in ABBC and Saskatchewan. And there really is little coverage in the SQDC where we see a lot of our overall business. So I don't think it's the end all the be-all. The end of the day, there are places where you can make money in Canadian rack premium aspects and some of those premium categories definitely are there. We're focused on that. And I think for those that have really have their hard set or looking at overall market share, I just don't think there's a direct correlation to an overall market share.  So we're going to stay focused on San wrap(ph) and Whistler. We've seen great response there of our new cultivars. We also think can take some of those assets and put it into medical. And I do think if you look at Colorado and California as an example, you do see premium categories start to evolve and really articulate. I got to believe that we're going to see that in Canada, it's just not there yet. So we're not going to chase down the rabbit hole with lower margins, particularly in the discount category. Operator The next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead. Pablo Zuanic Thank you. I'm going to focus on the export business. You talked about the stickiness, compliance, your science, your innovation, but can you just discuss more the cost side of things? My understanding is you are shipping in Europe from Denmark, right? We hear a while of two users that claim to be low cost and that they could enter Europe. I'm sure it is not a simple as that. But just to go more on its stickiness, because the idea that compliance -- being compliant with our regulatory framework in those countries is a key competition advantage and it makes me wonder whether -- how they could just easily emulate that and just break-in with lower cost, and maybe more distribution than you have. If you can expand on that, please? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure, I'd be happy to, Pablo. So, it's absolutely an advantage and you have -- take a look at Germany. The reality is the standard in Germany is you have to have within a 10% deviation on the core components, particularly potency. That's a really hard thing to do. And so you have to have a pretty advanced facility in order to be able to consistently meet that. That had a big role in us gaining almost a third of the entire flower business. So that would be one example. The second example would be Israel. I talked about the IMCA and you've all enchass leadership, they have the highest standards of anyone in the world and include about 44 pesticides that no one else has even tested for. So it's not only having CUMCS certification, which is a pretty unique certification beyond the EU GMP, but also your ability to test, package, shipped, and have all of that has made a significant difference in Israel. I don't think even though that they are places around the world where you can produce cannabis cheaper, that the overall certification, reporting, consistency of production and entering in those markets make that as viable. Remember, we're talking about medical patients, we're not talking just about reps. Medical patients and their clinicians and their physicians will find an item that they like, they want it to be at the highest possible quality and consistently available to them. And so that is a same situation over and over and over. And there's a reason why the same companies are being successful in Germany, UK, France, Netherlands, Israel, and it's about compliance, regulatory forward, all of that infrastructure that you need. And maybe in the short-term, there is a little bit that you can do on low cost products. It's not there. And I will say also that this is a place where like-minded companies are great. And so while we may be competing against some of the larger other LPs, we all agree that having a proper regulatory framework and adherence to compliance measures make sense. So there is no disagreement on that. So there's absolutely a high bar to get in and makes a huge difference. And it's absolutely the reason why we've done so well in some of these key markets, you mentioned shipping costs. Yes, we do ship from our Denmark facility and in some cases particularly with Israel, we shipped from Canada. It's not insignificant, but it's not a prohibited cost because in many cases we're shipping bulk and getting into finished goods in-market. Operator The next question comes from Lisa Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Lisa Lavery Thank you. Good evening. Miguel Martin Good evening, Lisa. Lisa Lavery I actually just want to go back to the rec business as well, and just to understand some of the context and outlook. And specifically with SanRaf and Whistler in particular, having 29% sequential growth and all of medical, even with the international boost from Israel being up, I think, 17 sequentially, it was clearly a really strong performer in the quarter. You've made it very, very clear your emphasis is on the medical side, so I guess just how to think about this. Is it just that you can walk and chew gum or was there some more one-off things driving that that aren't as sustainable? Can you just give us sense of is rack is really just a question of premiumizing and that you can do that, and it's the focus within that piece or is it just a little bit more lumpy and Medical is really the focus? Miguel Martin Well, I think Lisa, right now, clearly, if you look at margins and you look at overall profit opportunities globally, it's medical. So margins in the 60s, really sticky, needing all the infrastructure or high hurdles to get in all the compliance stuff I mentioned internationally. Medical takes a unique skill set and it's one that we have. I think our rack, it really right now, you have to remember that in Canada we've only 3 years into this experiments. And in the discount arena, which is now decent part of the overall business, it really is a commodity. And so pricing is really driving all of those major decisions. And so we're just not going to chase that at the expense of profitability. In the premium categories, new differentiated and innovative really matters. And so those unique cultivars make a big difference and we see that articulate itself with Western San wrap (ph). The benefit of our system is we also can take those same products and put it into the medical business. And so you find Whistler products, which we've now put into our medical channel doing exceedingly well with our patients. You see the same thing with SanRaf products. So there are efficiency, to the point of chewing gum and walking at the same time is clearly an opportunity to get benefits out of both. But I think give your laser-focused on profitability and sustainability, and you're going to focus on those areas that are more consistent, which are right now is medical. Now, we're not taking our eye off the rack. I just think rightsizing and doing it in an appropriate way and also finding areas where they're more asset light. The genetics business that we've invested in historically is wonderfully accreted biosynthetic s and other aspects of genetics, we think will be really important in a global environment as people are looking for that. So I think as we laid out our strategy, we're right on track where we want to be, steady as we go. And I think over time, the rack business in Canada will become more rational. And in that, the efficiencies that companies like Oswal, ABB will come more to bear. But right now, those that are chasing the discount business, so I think they're in for a little bit of more of a rocky road, but the premium business is rational. And for those that say that the rack business is broken, I would ask them to take a good look at Colorado and California, which appear to be about 18 months ahead of Canada and you are seeing good success, not only in margin accretive categories but in premium brands. Operator The next question comes from Charlotte Carter with Stifel. Please go ahead. Charlotte Carter Thanks. Good morn -- or good evening. I wanted to ask about the Canadian Medical business. I think it was down 8% year-over-year, so I know that there's some -- there's some patients that are sticky, the government reimbursement, some that are more fluid. Would you -- could you give us a sense of where that business should stabilize and you should see that start to grow from a either market share, patient gross standpoint? Thanks. Miguel Martin Sure, I'll be happy to, Charlotte and thank you for the question. So I will kick it off in when coming on the backside of it but right now, we're seeing a little bit of interactions as Glen mentioned between the rack business and the medical business, I think it's mostly in those that aren't receiving reimbursement, most evidenced by the fact that we grew share, yet you see a little bit of decline. It's hard to say what the steady-state is. We're hearing some positive news about unions in different groups that we'll be bringing cannabis on. Right now, it's probably at about 1% of the adult population in Canada is connected to that system. So we do see an opportunity to not only see the high grow a little bit as things normalize, but also continue to grow share the -- Glen. Glen Ibbott  Yeah. Thanks. Again, quarter-over-quarter, the sales to the reimbursement groups and better in particular was absolutely consistent to anything there's $3,000 difference quarter-to-quarter. So it continues to be very strong. Little of the decline that you talked about are -- well, all of the decline in [Indiscernible] those [Indiscernible] reimbursements station. We -- as Miguel mentioned, there are groups out there that we have targeted. We continue to work towards kind of reeling in contracts in that way. We're also launching a number of products and innovations that we believe will appeal to our existing patient population, particularly as the reimbursement ones. You might have seen something launched, I think in the last couple of days. It's a Pack system, a nice bundle for veteran patients, [Indiscernible] and great pricing to continue to reward and engage those really important patients for us. So we think we can get more out of the current patient population and then continue to look for some of those step-wise changes and bringing in associations and unions. Operator The next question comes from Theresa Zamparo with CIBC. Please go ahead. Theresa Zamparo Thanks, good evening. I was hoping you could help us better understand how you expect the Netherlands market will play out. And generally, Miguel, you prefer medical-only markets, but it sounds like you're excited about the Netherlands transitioning direct. I would say your performance globally is in better in medical markets than the consumer. So is the reason for excitement on the Dutch system that it seems like it's limited license with barriers to entry and can you talk about your confidence in why it'll stay that way over the long term. Thanks. Miguel Martin Will be happy to, Theresa. It's a great question. I had the pleasure of being out there and being -- spending time with our team, spending time in the market, and more importantly, spending time with our partner, which is the Growery. As I think everyone knows, this is -- the cannabis experiment in the Netherlands is 50 years in the making. The reality today is it's a very formal and legalized structure for the coffee shops, the over 600 retail outlets, but the production part has been a black hole. The government, particularly, wants to clean that up and create much more of a legal market. So I get excited when there's financial incentives. There are only 10 licensees in this experiment and we're one of them. And we're excited about the partner that we have. Clearly, there going to be advantages for those 10 at a time in which we expect this goes legal. All the economic incentives lineup and yes, we do like in medical-only Janiceets, given our expertise and given sort of how we've gone about it. But I believe that medical is a step towards rack, when you have a strong relationship with the regulators, you can understand the marketplace, you have sense of what product portfolios are doing well, it gives you a significant advantage this is a massive market. We've talked about it being when it all goes potentially even as big as Canada. And there's going to be a clear advantage for those who participate early. So for that reason, we're excited about it. We clearly have a lot of infrastructure in that part of the world and success. And so, I clearly believe that countries like this, success begets success in a lot of different ways. And so, this is an example, I think, of where we are bullish in the opportunity to have it participate both in the medical and rec business and so more to follow on that, but this is really -- one of only ten licensees. We've got one of them, we've got a great partner. It's a big, big market and all the incentives from the government, the regulators, the retail owners, all line up well here. And so, we think we're in a good spot. Glen Ibbott  I'm going to have just a couple of comment. So [Indiscernible] had 50 years in the making. This is an established market, so there's not a guesswork on health-based [Indiscernible] will be. There's a number of cities that are required. All the coffee shops in those cities are required to participate in this trial. And one of the things I like is that, it is right on strategy for us. I mean, it is -- we'll call it premium margins, premium pricing. So this is typical pricing -- international pricing and margins for us. So it's a very compelling opportunity. We're excited to be [Indiscernible]. We think one of the leading companies involved there. Operator The next question comes from Tamy Chen with BMO. Please go ahead. Tamy Chen Thanks. Good evening. The 29% sequential increase of sales in your premium consumer brands, that's pretty impressive. But can you help us understand, is this growth from activating more storefronts to carry your new culturevores or is some of this growth in reorders because these products are seeing good consumer traction? And I'm also just curious, when do you expect to actually be in a state of sequential growth in your consumer segment, because I know the decline of daily specials puts an offset to your premium strategy? Thank you. Miguel Martin Welcome, Tamy, and thanks for the question. I'll take the first part and let Glen take this sequential quarters. So I would say that there is, as with all things with the consumer product, there were probably 4 primary reasons why we're seeing growth. First and foremost, the products are better. So if you look at the uniqueness of the attributes, if you look at the potency, if you look at the genetics, and those new cultivars, and what we're seeing on San wrap (ph), across-the-board are better. Takes longer than I would like for this reset to take hold. But so the overall proposition, I would say is more compelling. Secondly, you correctly brought up distribution. We partnered with what I considered to be the best and largest broker in Canada but has national coverage, Southern Glazer does a wonderful job for us. In every month we're able to touch about 90% of the volume, which allows these new brands to get in. Third is as you know, navigating the provincial buyers is hard. And so the fact that these new culture of ours are differentiated, unique, higher-potency has given us a higher success rates of getting them through that process was particularly in Ontario. I think it's a challenging you hear from everyone. And I think lastly, the overall sort of consistent. As we see new being the most important thing that people are buying. Steady roll-out of these and seeing that not only in flower but in other brands has started to bring some of the shine back to San Raf, particularly with bud tenders and store owners. And so, we're going to continue to roll this out. We're really pleased with the coverage, so to speak, of our genetics. You're going to see everything from continued new cultivars and new genetics on San Raf and Whistler. But you're also going to see a lot of seasonals, and you're going to see what we call collaborations.  The North 40, for those that are familiar with Gord(ph) and that Company, they are one of the preeminent craft growers. And for him, to select farm gas and be so positive about it and do so well, speaks to our ability to produce cutting-edge genetics and I think for a lot of people that thought that big cannabis can grow great nichey, high-quality flower, I think that's a testament that we absolutely can and will. Glen, you want to pick up on the run rates in quarter-over-quarter? Glen Ibbott  Yes. Sure. Tamy, we were up in most provinces. A good 50% or more in Nataliea, BC, and Quebec is as strong point for us for sure. I think, 33% of our consumer revenue came out of Quebec in Q1. Ontario has done that took rack obviously. And I think we've put a great foot forward with the reason to product call and the innovation than we go was talking about the forward there.  So I expect that we go those line. It's a continuing challenging consumer market. But the innovation that we've been putting forward and the success that we've seen with that innovation to date, I think, is positioning us well, to get this back on track over the next little while. And again, I think Ontario is the key for us because we are seeing the pickup in the other provinces where we've been able to get product into market. Quebec for instances is interesting in -- if you're selling it to Quebec, it's an all the stores, and also there's not as many LPs in Quebec because is it's just a different market, and there's certain constraints in only certain LPs can operate in Quebec effectively. So it's a great market for us. SanRaf has been there since the beginning and has a great reputation. So when you put -- when we renew the brand with new cultivars and especially the type of cultivars we put in there, we see the pickup and we see the response. You see it in social media and things like that. So that's the route forward for sure. Operator Your next question comes from Doug Miehm with RBC Capital Janiceets. Please go ahead. Doug Miehm Yes, good evening. My question just has to do, you talked about the stickiness of the International Medical business. I'm just curious. The $16 million or so, and with the larger order coming out of Israel during the quarter, is this sustainable? Or are we going to see a little volatility over the next several quarters? Or are we going to have a benefit from other countries offsetting maybe a decrease in Israel quarter-to-quarter? Miguel Martin Yeah. So it's a great question. So certain markets are steadier than other markets. Germany, UK are steadier. When you see other markets, say like Poland as an example, this last quarter we saw a bit of a regulatory hitch for a lot of companies, including us, and that caused the delay in timing. Israel is a bit of an evolving market, and so it's hard for us to say it's going to be steady. But when it's open, we do extremely well. So we don't really give guidance on Israel. Now to your point about other markets opening up, we always hope for that. It's -- you'll know about the big ones, so France is obviously in their process, we talked about the Netherlands. And so I can't give you an exact guidance quarter-over-quarter there, but what I can tell you though is that it is the same conditions that either open or close in market. Can you meet the standards? What's happening with the overall product stacks? What's going on with the packaging? What's happening with the testing? All of that is consistent, and so when you when you win, you win consistently. And while there are timing points or hiccups or whatever you want to describe it, we've done really well. We -- I think moreso than almost anybody, when there are profit opportunities to be had, we're there. Israel is a really good example. I've spent time in Tel Aviv. I have incredible respect for Yuval Lanschaft, who is the lead regulator with the IMCA. We were one of the first companies to be able to navigate that process and ship what we think is the largest amount of cannabis into Israel. 3 of the 9 flower tenders in France. And so, I wish it was steadier and more formulaic about us being able to project it out. But I think if you're bullish on the macro theory of global Cannabis and you understand the high regulatory hurdles. And you understand that these regulators all talk to each other and there's a lot of interaction. You're going to see the same companies when time after time after time. And I absolutely believe the FDA is going to be running a similar process and you're going to take the deep interest in what's happened with agencies such as the IMC in Israel, or Canada in Canada. Glen, anything you want to add? Glen Ibbott  Doug, the diversification in the country from Miguel to it is truly importantly and have the basket of countries as they're all developing. Poland for instance, where we sold almost nothing to last quarter as we had to re-register our danish production facility for shipments in the Poland. Now, we've got that registration and shipments into Poland restarted in October, but that so pulling down. But the UK was up 50% and Australian was up 50%. So for us, that diversified basket of international markets is important as they develop to your point, Doug. Some will offset others as we grow, and it makes a little bit more predictable, a little bit more consistent to have that portfolio. Operator The next question comes from Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital Janiceets. Please go ahead. Frederico Gomes Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to go back to your investment in Netherlanda. When to expect the sales to start there, just how long will it take for your partners there to start operating? And then in terms of margins there as well, I know you've touched on the premium strategy there, but imagine that those margins, they wouldn't be as good as your International Medical shipments?Thanks. Miguel Martin Glen, you want to kick it off? And I'll [Indiscernible] Glen Ibbott  Yeah, thanks. Yeah, Fred. Listen, I'm really interested in this market. I think it's really cool to see well-established market like that, that we will actually ever wore brands in the coffee shops when they go to Amsterdam or some of the cities that are participating or so. I look forward to that. We expect sales to start in calendar '23, so a little over a year for now. In between now and then, the licensees are getting their final set of approvals in building out their facilities in country. So that's what's happening before. So it start in beginning of calendar '22. We expect to see sales just after that. The margins are similar to the type of international margins we see. The pricing, like most regulated markets is fairly strong and we expect to get healthy and think about kind of Medical like margins, which is why we're keenly interested in it. That's not a consumer market like you see in Canada or more of a premium. So that's how I think the margins and time you grow revenues. Thanks. Operator This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Miguel Martin for any closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, I want to thank everybody, and I hope you and your families are safe this season. We're awful excited about where we are as a Company. Our transformation plan is on track. We look forward to sharing that success with you as we come in the upcoming quarters, and we appreciate everything that you do in covering Aurora. All the best. Thank you. Operator The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.