Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Emily Brengel - Managing Director of Capital Heatherets Rebecca Fentress - Chairman Heather Fogel - President and CEO Dave Rachelt - CFO Rebecca Pierro - Senior Managing Director Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Elizabeth Laws - Maria Jacqueline Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2020 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Emily Brengel, Managing Director of Capital Heatherets. Sir, you may begin. Emily Brengel Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in the course of this call are not based on historical information, and may constitute forward-looking statements. When used in this conference call, the words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to a number of trends, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in the company's reports filed with the SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K, and in particular, the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this conference call. Our presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute to the financial information presented in the accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures and most comparable measures prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings release for the past quarter. There was an announcement on August 3, that ACRES Capital has acquired the Management Contract of Exantas. With that, I will now turn it over to the Chairman of Exantas, Rebecca Fentress for opening remarks. Rebecca Fentress Thank you, Emily. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'm pleased to be speaking today in my new role as the Chairman of Exantas following the acquisition of the Management Contract, which was announced earlier this week. With me today are Heather Fogel, the new President and CEO of Exantas; Dave Rachelt, the CFO, who many of you know and have heard from over the years; Rebecca Pierro, Senior Managing Director, who came over from Exantas and has joined ACRES; and Emily Brengel, Managing Director, who you just heard from. Given the recent transaction, our call today is going to focus on the rational between or behind this exciting combination, and we will provide some detail on the second quarter results. We will forego the typical forward-looking loan origination expectations at this time. All of us at ACRES are excited about the opportunity to serve as the Manager of Exantas, and we believe that our lending platforms and portfolios complement each other well. In short, our goal is to be a full end-to-end solution for Middle Heatheret commercial real estate borrowers nationwide. Let me share some background on ACRES. We are leading balance sheet lender that provides debt capital solutions to the commercial real estate industry in the top 25 MSOs across the country. Since our inception in 2012, we built a highly successful lending platform by providing more than $1.6 billion in transitional loans to strong middle market sponsors in all major asset classes. We focus on short-term first mortgage loans, generally overlooked by traditional lenders that range in size from $10 million to $80 million. Our senior leadership consists of veteran commercial real estate finance executives with meaningful public company experience. In thinking about the combination, we want to continue to build on the Exantas strengths that were developed over the last four years by focusing on first mortgage loans of similar size, and for the next phase of assets life after in ACRES financing. We expect the ACRES platform will generate new business pipeline of opportunities for Exantas. The complementary nature of our lending platforms provides a unique opportunity to offer one-stop commercial lending in the middle market, and we intend to leverage our experience and network of relationships to do just that. There are three important aspects of the transaction that I want to focus on. One is to deliver critical liquidity to Exantas in order to mitigate any potential margin call or liquidity risk; two, is to focus on asset management within the current portfolio; and three, is to then put the company back into a position to begin underwriting again, with an eye towards growing book value and earnings. Just to note on our two capital providers that you both read about in the transaction recently, Oaktree and MassMutual. Each of these two companies has been working with ACRES in partnership over the last several years, and they are equally energized about the opportunity in front of us all. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Heather Fogel, CEO and President of Exantas. Heather Fogel Thank you, Rebecca, and good morning everyone. As Rebecca highlighted, all of us at ACRES are excited to have closed on this acquisition and to begin the important work of managing Exantas for the benefit of all stakeholders. We have already taken several steps to enhance the company's financial profile and ensure business continuity, which is key to maintaining long-term relationships in the borrower community. I want to discuss the strength of our operating platform. In conjunction with the transaction, ACRES made this strategic decision to transition 18 professionals from C-III to ACRES, bringing our deep bench of experienced real estate professionals to 44. The majority of these individuals are from the former management, finance and accounting teams, as we felt it was important to maintain continuity in these critical functions. We are confident we have the right team in place to actively manage the current portfolio, advance our plan to fuel origination opportunities, and begin to grow book value in earnings. Turning to the recapitalization, we partnered with Oaktree and MassMutual to secure new capital commitments aggregating up to $375 million. We believe these capital commitments not only provide us with the liquidity and optionality, but they demonstrate the strength and quality of Exantas's business and portfolio, and reflect the compelling growth opportunities that we have identified. Oaktree provided a $125 million financing facility with an initial drawdown at closing of $50 million. This facility provides Exantas with the capital needed to navigate through the impact of the pandemic on the existing portfolio, and to then restart originations. The MassMutual warehouse facility has a $250 million limit with a revolving period for the first two years. This non-mark-to-market facility can finance any asset class in the portfolio, and provide the company with a stable financing source through these challenging times. Moreover, with this facility, the company will have access to approximately $1 billion of financing capacity. Today, Exantas has a current cash balance of $90 million with access to an additional $75 million as needed. With those liquidity Exantas as well-positioned to manage the current challenging landscape and to reengage the company's loan origination business. We anticipate that we will begin lending as we get into the fourth quarter with the pace picking up as we move through the balance of the year. We will now have our CFO, Dave Rachelt, discuss our financial statements and operating results during the second quarter. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave. Dave Rachelt Thank you, Rebecca and Heather, and good morning. I am eager to work with the entire ACRES team on solidifying and growing the Exantas platform. Certainly, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a big impact on our results as we shared last quarter, and while we have seen some improvement, the impact is carried over into the second quarter. Our GAAP net loss allocable to common shares for the three months ended June 30 was $36 million or $1.14 per share. Core earnings were $7.5 million or $0.24 per share for the second quarter 2020 and $14.9 million or $0.47 per share for the first six months. Year-to-date, we incurred a net loss of $235.1 million or $7.42 per share. Net interest income declined modestly for the second quarter by 200,000, as compared to the three months ended March 31. Our loan portfolios net interest increased by $3.4 million, but was offset by $3.6 million from the disposition of the CMBS portfolio. The improvement in our loan net interest income is largely due to the decline in LIBOR and the resulting positive effect has had in lowering the cost of our liabilities. Loan assets maintained more of a constant yield from the benefit of LIBOR floor protection, which has a weighted average floor of 1.92%. In terms of significant items impacting second quarter GAAP earnings, loan reserves increased by $40.5 million, or $1 28 per share, and we now have a loan reserve balance of $61.1 million at June 30. We incurred $1 million or $0.03 per share loss on the sale of a CRE loan that had a basis of $18.5 million, which was a recovery of 95%. We recorded a loss of 900,000 or $0.03 cents per share a fair value adjustments to our strategic plan asset held for sale as we funded operating expenses at the property, and that property had closed as a result of the pandemic. Last, we recorded a loss of 900,000 or $0.03 per share fair value adjustments to our remaining BP's CMBS. The net loss from these items in the second quarter was approximately $43.3 million or $1.37 per share. The implementation of CECL on loan loss reserves that applies to all mortgage rates and other financial institutions requires us to estimate expected credit losses over the life of our loans. In determining our expected credit losses, we evaluate by property and loan type, available relevant historical and current loan loss data, as well as future macroeconomic expectations. The impact of CECL resulted in the total allowance for credit losses at June 30 of $61.1 million or 3.4% on our $1.7 billion loan portfolio. The increase from our March 31 provision of $40.5 million resulted primarily from the expected impact COVID-19 when the forward macro-economic forecast that is used for our CECL modeling, and secondly, the revaluation of two assets on which we incorporated loans specific market terms into this analysis. Is important to note that these adjustments are non-cash reserves and upon the potential settlement of the two revalued assets, associated reserves would be charged off from the allowance. And we would not expect an incremental charge to earnings. GAAP book value was $6.01 per share at June 30, as compared to $7.13 per share at March 31. GAAP book value decreased by $1.12 per share, which was impacted primarily by the $1.37 of significant second quarter items that I highlighted at the beginning of my comments. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio increased to five times at June 30, as our retained equity declined since year end 2019. At June 30, our $1.7 billion floating rate CRE loan portfolio at par had a weighted average LIBOR floor of 1.92%. And a weighted average spread over LIBOR of 3.41% for a growth rate of 5.33%. At the end of June, we had $1.7 billion or 100% of our loan book with LIBOR floors that are in the money. With 30-day LIBOR at approximately 16 basis points at the end of the period, we expect to continue to see a benefit to net interest income during 2020 as the forward LIBOR curve projects rates to remain low for the balance of the year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Heather Fogel for final comments. Heather Fogel Thanks, Dave. In closing, I want to again stress our collective excitement about this highly strategic combination. We have reviewed the portfolio in detail and have developed a specific asset management plan for each loan asset that will take time. We believe there is significant opportunity to maximize shareholder value, especially if the company's enhanced financial profile. We look forward to leveraging our experience and network of relationships to start sourcing new origination opportunities, strengthening our position as a leading middle market lender. With that, I'd like to open the call up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Good morning, and Rebecca and Heather, welcome to the world of public mortgage REITs; nice to be on with you this morning. I'd like to start with the increase in the reserves, so you're about $60 million now, can you comment -- you mentioned two loans, I interpreted that there probably was a specific reserve on those loans, not that the $60 million is all general, could you clarify that for me, please? Thanks. Dave Rachelt Yes, the two loans, Margaret, are, one is a hotel that is closed, and the other is a retail center that has had some issues, and it's one of the actually remaining strategic plan assets. Steve Delaney Oh, okay. Dave Rachelt So, we had basically gotten some information in the market about what those loans could garner if we were to dispose them, which is a decision that hasn't quite yet been made. Obviously that portfolio is being reviewed by the ACRES asset management team, and so, yes, those two are a large part of the increase probably in the neighborhood of 25% of the total increase for the second quarter. Steve Delaney Okay. So, that $10 million there, and are they the same two loans that you show, you report as being the only two loans that were delinquent as of July 31, is there a correlation? Dave Rachelt Actually one is one of them is not delinquent. Steve Delaney Okay. Dave Rachelt There is another type, the one hotel property is. Steve Delaney Okay, great. That's helpful, and I guess just looking forward to your comments about restarting lending in the fourth quarter, and you've got your financing in place. I mean, great job on that. Obviously we're talking about REITs and when people talk about REITs, they think about dividends. So, when I look at your strong core EPS, your cash position, how should we think about the possibility of you re-establishing a cash dividend in the September quarter? Thanks. Rebecca Fentress Yes, this is Rebecca. Steve Delaney Hi, Rebecca. Rebecca Fentress Hi. I think what we're thinking about the dividend policy is obviously it's going to be in conjunction with conversations with the board, and that's going to happen over the coming quarters, and it's going to be driven by first what we can determine is the core earnings potential for the existing book, and that's going to be a function of what our asset action plans can derive over the coming quarters. We've got a lot of work to do. We understand it's a challenging economic environment, and I think it's just at this stage, we're going to be a little premature in trying to project what the earnings and the dividend policy is going to be. So, we'll just -- we're going to defer on that one probably until we come back to you in the third quarter. Heather Fogel I would just offer a comment. In closing, that modest dividend is fine. It doesn't have to be, I think just it sends a signal. If it was a nickel, I'd be thrilled. Okay? So, I'll just leave it there, and welcome, as I said, and good luck. I know you'll do a great job. Thank you. Steve Delaney Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Laws of Maria Jacqueline. Elizabeth Laws Hi, good morning. Rebecca, Heather, congratulations on the transaction; and Dave, good to hear from you again. Could you talk -- I know it's early, you had I guess about 72 hours involved with the company, maybe less, but can you talk -- in the press release I think you talked about 11 loans that had gotten some type of forbearance waiver or partial waiver, and an extension in the CRE book, I don't believe that includes the two that you just talked about, but can you talk about the asset management, what's going on with modifications, how many more loans, you have an idea at this point, do you think will be modified as you continue to work through the portfolio? Rebecca Fentress Heather, do you want to address that one? Heather Fogel Yes, I'll address that. So, the 11 forbearance loans that were discussed really revolve around the effects of the pandemic, mostly hotel-related and retail-related type assets. It's important to mention that those assets were performing quite well prior to March. So, we've looked at the assets at ACRES, somewhat from afar, we've done our diligence on them. We understand what the issues are that surround those properties, but until we get in, and speak with the borrowers and really dig deep as to what a potential business plan might look like on a go-forward basis, it's too hard to tell at this juncture what the ultimate outcome of those situations might be. As far as the rest of the portfolio goes, as you know, a good chunk of the portfolio is in multifamily-related type assets and self-storage, and for the most part, those assets are performing quite well, and collections have been strong. So, it's difficult to imagine in a go-forward basis, or think about on a go-forward basis what other potential forbearances might arise. At this juncture, we don't see any on -- as we look at the portfolio today, but it certainly is possible that other assets could enter into forbearance stages. Elizabeth Laws Great, appreciate the deck you guys put up earlier this week, and I thought there's a lot of great information there. One thing jumped out and talked about the complementary business strategies with ACRE and Exantas, you know, given the more transitional construction focus there, can you talk about that relationship, is it really doing lows with the same sponsors on different assets, do you view this as more of a pipeline, where you'll be able to do a new origination in Exantas to pay-off a higher cost construction loan that you have in a different business segment? Can you maybe give us color on that bullet that talked about the complementary business lines of the two portfolios? Rebecca Fentress Sure, this is Rebecca. So, you should think about the two businesses having some overlap, but in no way is ACRES going to be the exclusive pipeline for Exantas. Exantas is going to continue to originate as it has done very successfully over the last four years into the same segments that it has been originating into, and I think if you look at the statistics, about 65% of the Exantas portfolio today resides in the multifamily space with the remaining 35 allocated between different segments, including self-storage, some office, some hospitality, and maybe some other sub sectors. We intend to keep that mix fairly consistent with what it is and what it has been, and we like those segments in the marketplace. The ACRES product, as you highlighted, is a little bit more earlier stage in the asset lifecycle, and we believe that some of those projects when they reach their scheduled maturity, or they get to a point where the borrower is looking for lower cost capital for the next phase of the asset life that Exantas maybe interested in providing financing for that project, and that will be a portion of the Exantas origination pipeline, but we think the two are going to comfortably mutually exist. We think they can be complementary, and we look forward to helping the Exantas portfolio gain access to some of the strong borrower relationships and sponsor relationships that ACRES develops. Did that answer your question? Elizabeth Laws It does. That's helpful, I understood. I think about how the two compare the business lines. Lastly, I know it's 165 millions I think of liquidity that was referenced, existing plus potentially 75, that will be 165 new investments; I know it's probably too early to ask about the limit pace, but can you talk about returns in the market that you're seeing today and how those returns on new loan might compare to the existing portfolio RV? And then, if there are any asset classes that you are simply unwilling to do because of lack of visibility in underwriting, you know, retail et cetera, but can you maybe talk about what's available today and maybe initially what property products [technical difficulty] to appear the most attractive in those returns? Rebecca Fentress Heather, do you want to take that one? Heather Fogel Sure. We spent the better part of the last four or five months really studying the market and trying to understand some market dynamics, which is really difficult for most lenders right now. Certainly the multifamily asset class has performed quite well during this pandemic. It will be a focus of ours on a go-forward basis. There is a lot of competition in that space, and I would suggest that the spreads have remained somewhat similar to what they were pre-pandemic. So, this is a competitive landscape, but there're always opportunities out there that we can identify through our existing sponsors and brokerage network. As far as the other asset classes go, we are a little bit skeptical on some, retail in particular, and hotels are very difficult to determine where the market is going for those types of assets, but at the same time, we will always do what we've done in the past here at ACRES, which is bring in as many opportunities as we possibly can through our origination network, dig deep on assets that seem to make sense, and really study them hard, and underwrite them to determine whether or not they're a good fit for the portfolio. So, the real answer is, our focus will be residential-related assets, but at the same time, we are not going to ignore other asset classes where there's potentially good opportunity. Elizabeth Laws Great, thanks for taking my questions this morning, and look forward to additional details in the portfolio in the three months in course. Thank you. Rebecca Fentress Thank you. Operator I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks. Rebecca Fentress Hello, this is Rebecca. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We're excited about the opportunity that's in front of us here. We look forward to working with all of you in the coming quarters and years ahead, and enjoy your weekend everyone. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. That closes the conference call. You may now disconnect.