Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders April 20, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President and CEO Dana Rao - General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Julie Murphy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Angela Vaas - Vice President of Investor Relations Operator Hello everyone, and welcome to Adobe's 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. I hope you're all well and staying safe. I'm Shantanu Narayen, Chairman, President and CEO of Adobe, and Chairman of this Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Before we begin the meeting, I would like to acknowledge the recent passing of our beloved Co-Founder, Dr. Chuck Geschke, whose death leaves an indelible mark on our company and the world. Chuck instilled a relentless drive for innovation in the company, resulting in some of the most transformative software inventions, including PDF, Acrobat, Illustrator, Premiere Pro, and Photoshop. But as much as his inventions changed the world, it was his focus on people, purpose and culture that has profoundly impacted each of us at Adobe. Chuck always said, he wanted to create a company where he would want to work. He believed that good ideas came from everywhere in the company and that it’s not only what we do but how we do it that matters most. I admired his brilliance, kindness and values that define his character and I'm grateful that I had the privilege to know and work with him. After 18 years sharing the helm of Adobe with Co-Founder, Julie Warnock, Chuck retired in 2000 and continued to serve on the Board of Directors until last year when he transitioned to become Emeritus Board member. This is a huge loss for the entire Adobe community and the technology industry for whom he has been a guide and hero for decades. He will certainly be missed. I will now call the meeting to order. This meeting is being held based on the annual meeting notice we sent or made available to all Adobe stockholders of record. Voting is open and you may submit written questions at any time during the meeting. You may submit your vote by clicking on the voting button on the web portal and following the instructions. The polls will close immediately after the presentation of proposal four. You can also find the meeting material on the web portal. Dana Rao, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary is the secretary of this meeting, and he will record the minutes. Also, based on an appointment by our Board, Kathy Wheadon from Broadridge joins us today as our Inspector of Elections. We ask that Ms. Wheadon determine the exact number of shares of common stock represented at the meeting, and a final report of the number of shares represented will be provided before the voting begins. While Ms. Wheadon is determining the number of shares present, I would like to recognize the members of Adobe's Board of Directors and management team that are in attendance today, including Julie Murphy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Angela Vaas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Also with us today, are Judith Clemens and Janice Castle of KPMG. I will now turn the meeting over to Dana. Dana Rao Thank you, Shantanu. Good morning, everyone. We will now cover the formalities required to make this a proper meeting. After voting on these items we will adjourn the formal portion of the meeting and proceed to any questions. As Shantanu mentioned, questions may be submitted on the web portal and will be addressed pursuant to the meeting rules of conduct. Broadridge mailed the meeting notice beginning on March 5th to all stockholders of record as of February 22nd. Our record showed that on the record date, there were 479,325,592 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at this meeting. Ms. Wheadon tells me that signed proxies for 413,379,097 shares of common stock, or approximately 86.24% of the total outstanding shares on the record date are represented at this meeting. This constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business and this meeting is duly constituted. Please note that a list of stockholders as of the record date is available for inspection during the entire time of this annual meeting on the web portal. I also want to remind you that if you have already voted by proxy, you do not need to vote in this virtual meeting unless you want to change your vote. The proxy holders will vote your shares according to the proxy. It is now 9:05 AM and the polls are now open to consider the following four proposals as described in the proxy statement: proposal one, the election of 11 members of our Board of Directors to serve for one year term: proposal two, the approval of the 2019 equity incentive plan as amended to increase the available share reserve by 6 million shares: proposal three, ratifying the appointment of KPMG as Adobe's independent registered public accounting firm for the 2021 fiscal year; and proposal four, the advisory vote on executive compensation. The Board recommends a vote for each of the nominees in proposal one and for proposals two, three and four. We will now pause for voting. It is 9:06 AM and the polls are now closed. Will Ms. Wheadon, please tally the results? Thank you, Ms. Wheadon for tallying results. Hope everything is great with the family. Please let me know when you're ready. Excellent. The report of Ms. Wheadon, Inspector of elections, states that the results of today's meeting are as follows: All 11 directors were reelected as members of our Board of Directors to serve for a one year term. The stockholders approved the 2019 equity incentive plan, as amended, which increases the available share reserve by 6 million shares. The stockholders ratified the appointment of KPMG as Adobe's independent registered public accounting firm for the 2021 fiscal year, and the stockholders approved on an advisory basis the compensation of our named executive officers. We will report the final voting results on a Form 8-K and file it with the SEC within four business days after this meeting. This concludes the formal business portion of the meeting, which is now adjourned. I would like to thank each of you for your attendance today. We appreciate your continued interest and support of Adobe. And I'll now turn to questions. Please remember that only stockholders are permitted to submit questions. For questions that cannot be answered due to time constraints, we will provide responses on the Investor Relations section of our corporate Web site shortly after the meeting. I will now give the floor to Angela Vaas to address any questions Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session A - Angela Vaas Shantanu Narayen Thank you, Angela. I remain incredibly proud of Adobe's impact. The benefits of our innovation enables millions around the world to create, be productive and deliver the world's best digital experience. Adobe's best days are ahead of us and I look forward to continuing this journey with all of you. As we conclude our meeting, I would like to invite you to visit our Investor Relations page on adobe.com for information related to operations and past results. Thank you for joining us today and please take care. This concludes our meeting.