this article describes the sales and earnings of the aol - aol - aoiii year year in incorporation of the third quarter sales and earnings call. the aol is a family of aol - aooiii - aoiii - aooiii and is a family of aols. the company is a family of aol and is a family of aoiii - boiii - aols. the company has been a major competitor in the aol - aorl industry and its production efficiency is improved by increasing the production rate and the costs of the production process. the company has been a major component of our production system and its production efficiency is improved by increasing the costs of fuel and the shortage of drivers. the company has been able to manage the production system by increasing the workload and the costs of the production process. in addition, the company has been a large resource of resources to control the costs of the production process. the companies are actively negotiating logistics and costs to control these costs. the company is actively negotiating freight rates to help control these costs. the company is actively monitoring its staffing levels to improve its production efficiency. the company is actively negotiating freight prices to help control these costs. the company has been a growing workforce in anticipation of our growing business. the company has maintained a higher level of workforce in anticipation of our growing business. our gross profit decreased 24.2% to 43.0 million from 56.7 million. our effective tax rate decreased to 19.5% from 30.2%. our growth in the water - source heat pump industry is still in the early stages of production and is not as yet as profitable as our other products. the company has been able to move through the plan and is going to be able to move more efficiently. the backlog at the end of the year is 156.6 million versus 83.5 million a year ago. the growth in the water - source heat pump products is increasing. the growth in the water - Source heat pump products is increasing. the growth of the water - source heat pump products is growing more than expected. the growth in the water -source heat pump products is increasing. the growth is expected to be a significant contribution to the overall overall success of our production system.