the etiology of the global epidemic of the covd-19 pandemic is not well understood. we have implemented precautionary measures in response to the etiology of the pandemic and implemented measures to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. we have implemented actions to mitigate some of the impact from the pandemic and continue to serve as well during this crisis. we continue to be confident in the company's long - term growth opportunities based on the increasing need for mental health and addiction treatment services. we believe this crisis will have wide ranging consequences for many individuals. Behavioral healthcare providers will be in necessity to support our societies on the road to recovery. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the global crisis. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe this crisis will have wide ranging consequences for many individuals. Behavioral healthcare providers will be in necessity to support our societies on the road to recovery. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe this crisis will have wide ranging consequences for many individuals. Behavioral healthcare providers will be in necessity to support our societies on the road to recovery. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe this crisis will have wide ranging consequences for many individuals. Behavioral healthcare providers will be in necessity to support our societies on the road to recovery. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe the global conversation has focused correctly on the importance of physical isolation to stop the spread of the pandemic. we believe this crisis will have wide ranging consequences for many individuals. Behavioral healthcare providers will be in necessity to support our societies on the road to recovery.