the ac research, a gi - based technology and its national and international industries are a major industry in the world. we have experienced a slow recovery following the china china - vd restrictions in the spring. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations. we will continue our investments in new products and capacity as we continue forward on our mission to become a major player in the global semiconductor industry.