the exantas management contract is a new management contract that is based on the integration of the exantas management contract to the united states management contract. the integration has gone very smoothly and has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company has been a successful and growing balance sheet lender focused on transitional loans to strong middle - market sponsors in all major asset classes within the top 25 maas across the country. the company is actively originating and underwriting new opportunities on behalf of the company. the quality of opportunities has improved over the course of the quarter and into the current quarter. we are encouraging by the progress we have made in a short amount of time and look forward to continuing to build on this progress as we move forward.