the acelrx fourth quarter fiscal year 2016 financial results conference call is held in the united states and is a member of the acelrx family of drugs and drugs. the acelrx is a commercial organization and is a commercial organization. the acelrx is the largest largest pharmaceutical company in the world. it is a commercial organization and its success is a key step in the development of the new opioid. the acelrx has been a successful business organization and its success has been a key milestone in the development of the drug. the most important milestone was the submission of a new drug application or drug registration for the drug of the acelrx drug drug. the most important milestone was the submitted a new drug application or drug registration for a new drug application or drug registration for drug sufentanil. the most important milestone was the submission and a new drug application for the drug of the acelry drug drug. the most important milestone was a new drug application or drug registration for decuva. we continue to be excited about the potential for drug sufentanil. we are on schedule to submit a marketing authorization application or maa under the centralized procedure during the first half of this year. we expect peak revenues to be $1.1 billion and EUR700 million respectively. we are on schedule to submit, submit and submit a marketing authorization application or maa in the first half of this year. we anticipate the peak revenues to be $1.1 billion and a peak revenue to be $1.1 billion. we expect the peak sales in the usa to be approximately $1.1 billion. we expect the peak revenues to be $1.1 billion and the peak revenues to be $1.1 billion. we will continue our commercial preparation including completing a brand identity including finalization of the logo and packaging. we are going to continue our commercial preparation including completing completing the logo and packaging. we will continue our commercial preparation including finalization of the logo and packaging, and are going to explore opportunities in other parts of the hospital and non - hospital surgical setting. we expect the peak sales in the united states to be approximately $1.1 billion and a peak revenue to become $1.1 billion. we expect the peak revenue to be $1.1 billion and a peak sales to be $1.1 billion. we expect that the peak sales in the united states is approximately $1.1 billion. we expect the maximum sales in the united states to be $1.1 billion and a peak revenues to be $1.1 billion. the acelrx has cash, and investments of 80.3 million. we are going to refinance the debt paid by hercules growth technology extending the interest-only period through to April 1. we are able to refinance the debt paid by herules growth technology extending the interest- only period through to April 1. we expect the peak sales in the acelry population to be approximately $1.1 billion. we will expect a long - term refinancing of the financing for the commercial preparation for the drug.