On the call today, Daniel Vatnsdal, the CFO of Agilent Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, told investors that the company was poised to become a leader in the biopharmaceutical space.  She also told investors that Agilent had a long track record of delivering on its promise to deliver on its promises to customers.  The company's growth has been particularly strong in the last several years.  In fact, according to the company's most recent earnings call, the company reported that it was on the brink of $1 billion in annual revenue growth.  The company also reported that it was on the brink of a $2 billion revenue shortfall.  The company's stock price rose more than 20 percent in the last year.  The company's stock price increased more than 30 percent in the last year.  The company is now at $1.5 billion.  The company's share price increased more than 40 percent in the last year.  The company also announced a $725 million share repurchase authorization.  The company's stock price increased more quickly than expected.  The company's stock price also rose more than 20 percent.  The company's earnings per share rose more than 30 percent in the last three months.  The company's stock price increased more significantly in the last three months.  The company is now valued at $1.6 billion.  The company's stock price increased by more than 50 percent in the last three months.  Investors should be aware that the company's stock price increased more than 20 percent in the last three months.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Daniel Vatnsdal, and the SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov to quickly identify people selling or offering investments using the free and simple search tool.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using the SEC's Investor.gov feature to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.