On November 8, 2018, the Honorable Nathan Tung of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in August, ATA announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Beijing Biztour International Travel Service Co., Ltd. for a total of RMB1.5 billion.  The complaint further alleges that, in August, ATA signed a definitive agreement for the acquisition of Beijing Biztour International Travel Service, for which it had previously announced a strategic investment in March.  According to the complaint, the deal was not finalized until the end of the third quarter of 2018.  The complaint further alleges that, in connection with the acquisition, ATA paid a special cash dividend of US$6 per ADS to shareholders in August.  According to the complaint, this dividend represents a significant portion of ATA's revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018.  The complaint further alleges that, with the closing of the ATA Online transaction in August, ATA's balance sheet items related to the disposed business lines were not consolidated into ATA's September 30, 2018 financial statements.  The complaint also alleges that, in connection with the closing of the ATA Online transaction, ATA paid a special cash dividend of $7.42 per ADS to shareholders in August.  The SEC's complaint charges ATA with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ATA has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Adam Prior and Nathan Tung of the SEC's Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Prior and Ms. Tung.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.