On July 20, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), a U.S.-based airline, announced that it had agreed to be acquired by United Airlines for $3.5 billion.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, from 2014 to 2020, American Airlines made significant investments in its network to meet demand for its long-haul services.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, American Airlines' net income was up nearly 5% year-over-year.  The SEC's complaint, however, was that the airline's network was not performing as well as it should have been.  The SEC's complaint, which was filed in the U.S. District Court, charges the airline with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, American Airlines has agreed to be acquired by United for a total of $3.5 billion.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the airline with violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges the airline with Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  The SEC is seeking a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by David Vernon of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office, and the litigation will be handled by Michael Linenberg of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.