On May 5, 2022, the Honorable Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 10b-5 of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge also granted a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5 and 10b-11 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a temporary restraining order against future violations of the antifraud provisions Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered a temporary restraining order, and ordered a temporary restraining order against further violations of the antifraud provisions.  The Honorable Judge granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordered a temporary restraining order against certain of the above-mentioned violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordered a temporary restraining order against certain of these violations, and ordered a temporary restraining order against certain of the violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Exchange Act and Rules 206(2) and 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The Court granted the court's motion for a temporary restraining order against certain of the above violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted an order against certain of the above-mentioned violations.  The Court granted the court's order against certain of the above-mentioned violations and ordered a preliminary injunction against further violations of the federal securities laws.  The court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Court granted the court's motion against further violations of the antifraud provisions