On May 19, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Advance Auto Parts, Inc., a North Samuelina-based auto parts company, alleging that it lost its core business due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  According to the complaint, Advance Auto Parts, which was founded in 1940, experienced significant declines in sales in the first quarter due to COVID-19.  The complaint alleges that Advance Auto Parts, which was founded in 1940 in Raleigh, North Samuelina, experienced significant declines in sales in the first and second quarters of 2018.  The complaint alleges that Advance Auto Parts was not able to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic, and that Advance Auto Parts was not able to capitalize on those declines.  The complaint, however, is that Advance Auto Parts has been able to capitalize on the opportunities presented by COVID-19.  As a result of these actions, Advance Auto Parts has been able to significantly increase its sales and profit per share in the first and second quarters of 2019.  The complaint further alleges that Advance Auto Parts has been unable to capitalize on the COVID-19 pandemic.  As a result, Advance Auto Parts has been unable to capitalize on these opportunities.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges Advance Auto Parts with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Advance Auto Parts has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins Advance Auto Parts from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.