The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that American Assets Trust, Inc. ("AAT"), a Seattle-based real estate investment trust, announced positive first-quarter financial results.  The SEC also announced that the company has appointed Adam Wyll to the position of President.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Hawaii, the company's portfolio of properties in the U.S. West and Canada has been hit and miss by declining demand for office space.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the District of Hawaii, alleges that the company's strategy of retaining and adding to its portfolio of high-end office properties was not working.  According to the complaint, the company's portfolio of properties was not performing as well as it should have been.  The SEC's complaint, however, is that the company's strategy of holding out for the right tenant is not working.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in the District of Hawaii, charges that the company's portfolio of properties is not performing as well as it should have.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, charges that the company violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the company has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Todd Thomas and Adam Wadley of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Wadley and Mr. Wadley.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Hawaii and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.