On October 31, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that American Assets Trust, Inc. ("AAT"), a San Diego-based real estate investment trust, announced positive third-quarter financial results.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, the company's properties in the San Diego area were not fully leased at the time it acquired them.  The complaint alleges that the company's lease termination fees increased significantly in the third quarter, and that the company's lease termination fees increased by approximately $0.01 per square foot.  According to the complaint, the company's lease termination fees increased from approximately $0.01 per square foot in 2018 to approximately $0.01 per square foot in 2019.  The complaint further alleges that the company's lease termination fees increased from $0.01 per square foot in 2018 and $0.02 per square foot in 2019.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The complaint also charges the company with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges the company with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American Assets has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Michael Carroll of the San Diego Regional Office, and the litigation will be led by Mr. Carroll.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.