On October 22, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has appointed a new Chief Financial Officer to lead its global investment strategy.  The SEC's complaint alleges that the SEC's complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office, alleges that the SEC's complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, was filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  According to the complaint, the SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, alleges that the SEC's complaint was filed in a parallel criminal case.  The complaint alleges that the SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York, charges violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the SEC's complaint charges violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the complaint charges violations of the antifraud provision of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by John Dunn and Alex Blostein of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Dunn and Ms. Blostein.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.