On March 8, 2022, the company announced that it had entered into a Phase I clinical trial that would enable it to deliver on its long-term promise of a long-term revenue stream.  The company also announced that it had entered into a Phase II clinical trial that would allow it to deliver on its long-term promise.  According to the company's press release announcing the clinical trial, which was conducted in the U.S. and around the world, approximately 17 million patients were diagnosed with atopic dermatitis, a type of severe inflammatory bowel disease.  The company's CEO, Mike Severino, recently told investors that the clinical trial was progressing very well.  The company's CEO, Jeffrey Stewart, also told investors that the clinical trial was progressing well.  The company's CEO, Steven Scala, also told investors that the clinical trial results were encouraging.  The company's stock price was up about 10% in the first half of the year.  The company's stock price was down about 10% in the second half of the year.  The company's revenue was down about 10% in the second half.  The company's stock price is down about 10% in the third quarter.  The company's stock price is up about 15% in the second half of the year, according to the company's press release.  The company's stock price is down approximately 10% in the second half of the year, and the company's revenue is down about 10% in the third quarter of the year.  The company's stock is down about 10% in the third quarter, and the company's stock price is down about 15% in the fourth quarter.  The company's stock price is down by about 10% in the third quarter.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, AbbVie has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Michael Nedelcovych, Stephen Scala, and Michael Nedelcovych.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an advis