On April 10, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has obtained an IND for a gene therapy treatment for Sanfilippo syndrome type A.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in 2016 and 2017, Abeona Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO), a gene therapy company based in New York City, raised more than $13 million from investors and medical professionals in the U.S. and around the world. According to the SEC's complaint, the company's gene therapy program, AIM Vector, is a novel approach that tries and close wounds that open and form chronic wounds that don't heal for years. According to the complaint, these patients have a deficit of a protein called collagen, which is really the zipper that holds your skin onto your body. The SEC complaint alleges that, in 2016 and 2017, when we first started this program, we anticipated the burn to increase from day 180 through the second half of the year. The SEC complaint alleges that, contrary to what the complaint alleges, we did not achieve this goal. The SEC complaint alleges that, contrary to the claims in the SEC complaint, we did not achieve this goal.  The SEC complaint charges us with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC complaint, we have consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins us from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jason McCarthy and George Zavoico of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit, and the litigation will be handled by Timothy Miller and George Zavoico. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.