On July 25, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. ("Asbury") announced second quarter earnings that exceeded expectations.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office on July 24, 2018, Asbury Automotive Group's (NASDAQ:ABG) core business, which includes parts and services, generated $49 million in revenue in the second quarter of 2018.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABG), which is based on a $17 million core business, lost $1.6 billion in sales in the second quarter of 2018.  The complaint further alleges that as a result of the sales declines, Asbury Automotive Group's core business, which includes parts and services, lost $1.6 billion in revenue.  As a result of the sales declines, Asbury's core business, which includes Parts and Service, lost $1.6 billion in revenue in the second quarter.  As a result of the sales declines in the second quarter, Asbury's core business, which includes parts and service, lost $1.6 billion.  The SEC's complaint charges Asbury with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Asbury has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Daniel Imbro, John Murphy, Rajat Gupta and Bret Jordan of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by George Villasana.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.