On May 12, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has acquired Aurora Cannabis Inc., a Canadian-based medical cannabis company.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Canada, alleges that Aurora Cannabis failed to adequately prepare for the regulatory changes that will impact the company's international business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Aurora Cannabis failed to adequately prepare for regulatory changes that will impact its international business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that Aurora Cannabis failed to adequately prepare its international business for the regulatory changes.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia, alleges that Aurora failed to adequately prepare its international business.  The SEC's complaint charges that Aurora failed to adequately prepare its international business for these changes.  The complaint further alleges that Aurora failed to adequately prepare its global business for these changes.  The SEC's complaint charges Aurora with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Aurora has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $1,000,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Andrew Blonde and Victor Ma of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC's litigation will be handled by Mr. Blonde and Mr. Ma.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.