On April 28, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against a former CEO of a Florida-based company accused of defrauding retail investors.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2020, PowerA, Inc., a Florida-based manufacturer of home-improvement and home-improvement products, and its former CEO, Neal Fenwick, raised the price of PowerA stock by approximately $1.5 per share.  According to the complaint, PowerA's sales declined 7% in the first quarter.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that PowerA's sales were down 7% in the first quarter.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's complaint, alleges that PowerA's stock price increased significantly in the second half of the year.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, PowerA has agreed to pay a $1.5 million civil penalty and to be barred from serving as an officer and director of a public company for five years.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, PowerA has agreed to pay a civil penalty of $1.5 million and to be barred from serving as an officer-and-director of a public company for five years.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against both defendants.  The SEC's complaint charges the defendants with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Marc Blau and supervised by Marc Blau.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Blau and Mr. Blau.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.