On April 27, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filed an emergency action to halt an ongoing decline in the number of insured losses in the U.S.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2019, the number of insured losses increased by 35%.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office, alleges that, from January through June, the number of insured losses increased by 35%, and the number of losses increased by 35%.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the number of insured losses increased by 40%, 50%, 60%, and 70%, respectively.  The SEC's complaint, however, was that the number of insured losses was not fully reflected in the SEC's complaint.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, charges violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the SEC's complaint charges violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(3) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the complaint charges violations of the antifraud provisions and seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's complaint, the complaint charges violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement with prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Yaron Kinar and supervised by Marc Grandisson.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Marc Grandisson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.