On April 28, 2016, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a majority of its insurance assets for a total of $1.4 billion.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2016, the company reported a loss of $43 million in its insurance business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the second quarter of 2016, the company reported losses of $43 million in its mortgage insurance business.  According to the complaint, the company's underwriting performance has declined substantially since the beginning of the year.  The SEC's complaint, however, is that the company's underwriting performance has improved significantly since the beginning of the year.  The complaint alleges that the company's underwriting performance has deteriorated substantially since the beginning of the year.  As a result, the company's net written premium declined substantially in the first and second quarters of 2016.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the company consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the company to pay a civil penalty of $100,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Mark Lyons and supervised by Ian Gutterman.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.