OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals (OGXI) today announced that it has restated the company's financial results for the first quarter of 2014.  The company's CEO, Scott Cormack, and the company's senior director of investor relations, Filippo Petti, discussed the company's progress in the fight against cancer.  The company's first quarter 2014 financial results, which were released on April 30, 2014, showed that the company's approach to targeting proteins that contribute to treatment resistance is critical in the fight against cancer.  The company announced top line survival results in its Phase III trial of apatorsen in bladder cancer in approximately 630 men with advanced bladder cancer.  According to the company's press release, the results of the trial were unexpected, given the large amount of preclinical and clinical evidence confirming custirsen's ability to suppress the cancer-protective protein, clusterin, and for long overall survival in patients with advanced bladder cancer.  The company also recently announced that it has granted Fast Track designation for custirsen in its second-line lung cancer trial.  The company's plans for the second half of 2014 included restating the company's financial results for 2014.  The company's plans for the second quarter of 2014 included restating the company's financials for the first quarter of 2014.  In addition to restating the company's financials for 2014, the company also announced that it has restated its financial results for the first quarter of 2013.  The company also announced that it has restated the company's warrant liability of $721,000, compared with a noncash gain of $1.4 million in the first quarter of 2013.  In addition, the company announced that it had restated its financial results for the second quarter of 2014.  The company's financial results for the second quarter of 2014 included a noncash loss on revaluation of our warrant liability of $721,000.  The company's plans for the restated financial results for the second half of 2014 included: to announce the first interim futility analysis for custirsen in second-line prostate cancer; to support enrollment efforts of the 6 ongoing Phase II trials of apatorsen in non-small cell lung cancer; and to support enrollment efforts of the six ongoing Phase II trials of apatorsen in lung cancer.