The company today announced that it has raised its guidance for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2020.  According to the company's press release, the company's core business, Accenture Solutions, Inc., was among the first to report that it had experienced significant declines in its revenue in the first half of the year.  The company's new guidance, which was issued on March 19, 2020, represents a significant improvement over the first half of fiscal 2013.  The company's new guidance, which is based on the company's prior guidance for the second half of fiscal '19, represents a significant improvement over the prior year's guidance.  The company's new guidance also represents a significant improvement in its ability to respond to the global health crisis.  The company's new guidance also includes guidance for the third quarter and full year of fiscal '20.  The company's new guidance also includes new bookings for the second half of fiscal '19.  The company's new revenue guidance for the second half of fiscal '20 includes new bookings of $14.2 billion, a 10% increase over the prior year, and a $2.7 billion return to shareholders.  The company's new revenue guidance also includes new bookings for the third quarter and full year of fiscal ’20.  The company's new revenue guidance includes new bookings for the third quarter and a $2.7 billion increase in the first half of fiscal '20.  The company is continuing to invest in its core business, Accenture Solutions, with new bookings of $14.2 billion and new bookings of $1.3 billion.  The company's new revenue guidance includes a new bookings guidance for the third quarter and a new revenue outlook for the full year.  The company's new revenue guidance also incorporates new bookings for the third quarter and a new revenue guidance for the full year.  The company is also continuing to invest in its core services, including digital, cloud and security related services.  The company's new revenue guidance for fiscal '20 includes new bookings for the third quarter and new bookings for the full year.  The company is continuing to invest in our core services, including Accenture Solutions, with new bookings for the third quarter and full fiscal '20.  The company's new revenue guidance is based on new bookings of $14.2 billion.  The new revenue guidance includes new bookings of $1.7 billion and a new revenue outlook for the full year of $2.7 billion.  The company is continuing to invest in the core services, including digital, cloud and security.  The company's new revenue outlook includes new bookings for the third quarter and $2.7 billion.  The company's new revenue outlook includes