On February 18, 2020, Bryan Donohoe, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, announced that the company has entered into a series of interest rate hedging transactions that will allow it to continue to grow its portfolio.  According to Donohoe's prepared remarks, in 2020 the global financial crisis had a severe impact on each of our businesses. As a result of these events, the company was unable to generate sufficient revenue to cover its dividend payments.  As a result of these transactions, the company's distributable earnings per share declined for the fourth consecutive year.  According to Donohoe, the company's business model was designed to be stable and efficient.  As a result of these investments, the company's distributable earnings per share increased by more than 50%.  As a result of these investments, we were able to generate over $1.5 billion in distributable earnings per share in 2020.  As a result of these investments, our distributable earnings per share increased by over 50%.  The company's dividend policy is designed to be stable and efficient.  The company's dividend policy is designed to balance the books and liabilities with a high level of liquidity.  As a result of these investments, we are able to generate over $1.5 billion of distributable earnings per share over the next four quarters.  The company's Board of Directors has issued an order appointing a receiver to oversee this matter.  The receiver will be led by Bryan Donohoe.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the dangers of overcharging for high-yield securities.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert on the dangers of undercharging for high-yield securities.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York today announced criminal charges against Bryan Donohoe.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education today issued an Investor Alert on the dangers of underwriting high-yield securities.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using the SEC's investor.gov Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.