On March 7, 2016, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced that it has completed a Phase 3 clinical trial of ARX-04 and Zalviso.  The company also announced that it has signed an agreement to conduct an open-label clinical trial of ARX-04 in the emergency room.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay $1.2 million for an additional $1.2 million trial of ARX-04.  According to the company's press release, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on November 3, 2015, ARX-04 was found to be safe and effective in acute moderate-to-severe acute pain and Zalviso was found to be effective in post-operative patients.  According to the company's SEC filings, ARX-04 and Zalviso were approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in October 2015.  The company's plans for ARX-04 and Zalviso are continuing to be refined.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement with Grunenthal Group, LLC to conduct an open-label trial of ARX-04 in the emergency department.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court, filed in the District of Columbia, ARX-04 was not approved by the FDA and Zalviso was not approved by the FDA.  The SEC's complaint charges AcelRx with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, AcelRx has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is continuing.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Timothy Morris and Ms. Ford.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.