The company today announced that it has agreed to pay $1.45 billion to acquire Adobe, Inc., a cloud-computing company, for a total of $9.03 billion.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.  The deal is subject to court approval by the court.  The company also agreed to pay a $1.45 billion civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay $1.45 billion in disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to approval by the court.  The deal is subject to court approval.  The company is continuing to invest in its cloud-computing business.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $1.45 billion.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court, which is subject to court approval.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by John Rymas of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit, and the litigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Adobe.gov Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert on Adobe's Investor.gov to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the Adobe Investor.gov Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling an investment using the free and simple search tool.