On August 2, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it filed a complaint with the SEC alleging that it obtained a court order to freeze the assets of two of its largest unprofitable real estate developers.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first half of the year, approximately $324 million of unprofitable retail net lease properties were sold to retail developers.  The complaint alleges that, as a result of this action, the number of transactions that were completed in the first half of the year increased by approximately 10%.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the number of transactions that were completed or planned increased by approximately 50 basis points.  The SEC's complaint, however, was that the number of transactions that were completed in the second half of the year was so small that it was almost impossible to get to the right price on those properties.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges the defendants with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the defendants consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining them from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and ordering them to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges the defendants with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties and injunctive relief.  The complaint charges the defendants with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges the defendants with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief against the defendants.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Eric Wolfe, Brad Heffern, and Janney Ki Bin Kim of the Chicago Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Wolfe and supervised by Ms. Ki Bin Kim.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.