On May 9, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against a company that has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire a clinical trial of ZYNLONTA.  The complaint alleges that ZYNLONTA is uniquely positioned to be used in the third line, third line plus setting of cancer treatment.  According to the complaint, ZYNLONTA has the potential to be used in a number of clinical trials, including one in the U.S. and one in Europe.  The complaint further alleges that ZYNLONTA's unique product profile is distinguished from other products used in the third line, third line and fourth line plus setting.  ZYNLONTA has the potential to create value, streamline operations, and reduce operating expenses.  ZYNLONTA has the opportunity to be used in earlier lines of therapy.  ZYNLONTA is currently being tested in the U.S. and in Europe.  The SEC complaint alleges that ZYNLONTA's unique clinical profile is distinguished from other products used in third line, third line plus and fourth line plus.  ZYNLONTA's unique product profile and non-overlapping toxicity profiles make it particularly attractive for community users.  ZYNLONTA's unique clinical profile, which is distinguished from other products used in this space, has the potential to drive value in a reasonable time frame.  ZYNLONTA has a long history and tremendous scientific expertise.  The SEC complaint alleges that ZYNNONTA was not developed in a clinical setting and that ZYNLONTA was not developed in a clinical setting.  ZYNLONTA is being tested in the U.S. and Europe and the complaint alleges that ZYNLONTA violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  ZYNLONTA is being developed in the U.S. and in Europe under the supervision of Gregory Renzo.  ZYNLONTA is being evaluated in the U.S. and Europe under the supervision of Gregory Renzo, and the case is being supervised by Jan Folena.  The SEC complaint alleges that ZYLANONTA violated the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and that ZYNLONTA violated the anti-fraud provisions of Section 10(b)