I'm going to ask Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah, the senior analyst at Stifel, to provide an update on the semiconductor industry.  According to the analyst's question, the semiconductor industry is highly dependent on the supply chain.  The analyst's question, which was posed by Tore Svanberg, was posed by Prashanth Mahendra Rajah, an analyst at Stifel.  The analyst's question was posed to Prashanth by Michael Lucarelli, an analyst at Stifel, who was asked to provide an update on the semiconductor industry in the future.  According to the analyst's question, as a result of these acquisitions, the semiconductor industry has experienced a significant decline in demand for its products.  The analyst's question, "How sustainable is a 50%-plus operating margin?"  According to the analyst's question, the answer is, "We're not sure."  The analyst's question, which was posed to Prashanth, was posed to him by Michael Lucarelli, who is Vice President of IR and FP&A at Stifel.  The answer to the analyst's question is, "We're not sure we're going to be able to maintain that 50%-plus operating margin."  The analyst's question was posed by Tore Svanberg, an analyst at Stifel, who is familiar with the semiconductor industry.  The analyst's question was posed by Prashanth's colleague, Michael Lucarelli, who is also an analyst at Stifel.  The question was posed by Prashanth, who is familiar with the industry.  The answer is, "We are not sure we're going to be able to sustain that 50%-plus operating margin."  According to the analyst's question, Lucarelli and his co-defendant, Prashanth Mahendra Rajah, are the only semiconductor companies in the U.S. that have a 50%-plus operating margin.  The analyst's question is, "How sustainable is a 50-plus operating margin?"  The answer is, "We're not sure we're gonna be able to sustain that 50%-plus margin."  The analyst's question is, "How does ADI differ from other semiconductor companies?"  The analyst's question is, "What does ADI differ from other companies?"  The answer is, "We have a great deal of diversity."  The analyst's question is, "We have a lot of diversity."  The answer is, "We have a lot of diversity," and "We have a lot of options."  The analyst's question: