The SEC today announced that Agilent Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in Santa Clara, California, announced that it has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire a microcap company.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Agilent's business in China, where it is based, experienced strong growth in the first half of the year.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, alleges that Agilent's China operations were impacted by the Coronavirus virus.  The complaint alleges that Agilent's China operations were significantly impacted by the Coronavirus.  According to the complaint, Agilent's China operations were down 2% in the first half of the year, partially offset by a 1% increase in the second quarter.  The SEC's complaint charges Agilent with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Agilent has agreed to pay over $1 billion in disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Tycho Donnason and was supervised by Scott Frost.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.