On August 16, 2018, the Honorable Amy Tung of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the second quarter of 2018, Beijing Biztour International Travel Service Co., Ltd., a China-based B2B educational tour services provider, misappropriated approximately $7.42 million in rental income from its international study tour services business.  The complaint alleges that, as a result of the transaction, Beijing Biztour was able to generate approximately RMB20.4 million in income from its overseas study tour services business.  The complaint further alleges that, in the first quarter of 2018, the company reported a net loss of approximately RMB20.4 million, which was partially offset by an additional RMB8.0 million contribution to the Research Institute of Future Education and Assessment at Tsinghua University.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of the acquisition, Beijing Biztour's management team reclassified its business lines as discontinued operations.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in New York, charges Beijing Biztour with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Beijing Biztour has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The final judgment also orders Beijing Biztour to pay a civil penalty of $160,000.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Abigail Xiaofeng Ma, Ms. Tung, Ms. Tung, and Ms. Tung.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Tung.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.