On July 25, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Arlington Asset Investment Corporation (ARTA) announced that it has raised its dividend by $0.05 per share in the second quarter.  The company's second quarter earnings call was conducted by Heather Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer, and Trevor Cranston, Director of Investor Relations for the SEC.  According to the SEC's press release, filed on July 25, 2018, the company raised the dividend by $0.05 per share, reflecting favorable funding dynamics of its agency MBS portfolio.  The company's interest rate swap position, which is used to hedge against rising interest rates, is a hedge against future higher expected funding costs.  The company's interest rate swap position is designed to hedge against future higher expected funding costs.  In the second quarter, the company raised the dividend by approximately $0.05 per share.  The company's interest rate swap position was designed to hedge against future higher expected funding costs on its agency MBS portfolio.  In the second quarter, the company's interest rate swap position increased 50 basis points, while the weighted average received rate of its agency MBS portfolio increased by 50 basis points.  The company's interest rate swap position enabled it to retain a significant amount of its outstanding portfolio of agency MBS.  The company's interest rate swap position allowed it to retain a significant portion of its outstanding portfolio of agency MBS, which is highly variable.  The company's interest rate swap position enables it to retain a significant portion of its outstanding repo funding balance.  The company's interest rate swap position also enables it to retain a portion of its outstanding agency MBS.  The SEC's complaint, filed on July 25, 2018, alleges that the company violated Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the company has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a $0.05 per share civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Mary Nolan and Trevor Cranston and supervised by Helen Walrod.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.