The Alexis's Company, Inc. ("Alexis") announced today that it has agreed to be acquired by BrandsMart, Inc. ("BrandsMart") for a total of $1.2 billion.  The acquisition is subject to court approval by the court.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, BrandsMart's lease-to-own solution is not performing as well as we had anticipated.  The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter of the year, the company's lease-to-own business experienced a significant decline.  The complaint alleges that, as a result of the acquisition, the company's lease-to-own revenue declined.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the company's lease-to-own rate was 5.7%, compared to the prior year quarter.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of this decline in lease-to-own revenue, the company's lease portfolio size and profitability deteriorated.  The complaint further alleges that, as part of this strategy, BrandsMart's lease portfolio size and lease portfolio size declined, and the company's lease portfolio size declined.  As a result, the company's second quarter revenues, earnings and earnings per share declined.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges the company with violations of the reporting provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the company has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the company to cease and desist from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2) and 206(3) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Kelly Wall and Donna Haas of the Chicago Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.