On July 29, 2020, Susan Robinson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Shirley's, Inc., announced the acquisition of Progressive Leasing, Inc., a now-defunct Georgia-based furniture and home furnishings company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, the Shirley's business had been significantly impacted by the government stimulus.  The company's Board of Directors previously announced that the Shirley's business was going to be split into two separate businesses.  The company's Board of Directors previously stated that the Shirley's business was going to be a "whole-of-the-board" business, and that the Shirley's business would be a "whole-of-theboard" business.  The Shirley's business has been performing well over the past few months.  In the second quarter, the Shirley's business generated adjusted EBITDA of $1.18 per share, up from $1.11 per share in the second quarter of 2019.  The Shirley's business has experienced significant declines in the second quarter, and the company's Board of Directors previously announced that it was going to split the business into two separate businesses.  The Shirley's business has experienced significant decline in revenue, and the Board of Directors previously announced that the Shirley's would be split into two separate businesses.  The board of directors previously announced that the Shirley's business would be split into two separate companies.  The Board of Directors previously announced that the Shirley's businesses would be a "whole-of-board" business.  The Board of Directors previously announced that it would split the Shirley's business into two separate businesses.  The Board of Directors previously announced the split.  The Board of Directors previously announced the separation of the Shirley's businesses.  The Board of Directors previously announced that Shirley's would be split into two separate companies.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the Shirley's.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.