On August 3, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint against Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AOI) alleging that it failed to disclose significant inventory builds in its data center business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, Applied Optoelectronics raised approximately $1.2 million from at least 10 customers, many of whom were customers of the company.  According to the complaint, these sales were primarily driven by its high-performance, high-performance, high-bandwidth products.  The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, the company raised approximately $9.6 million from at least 10 customers, including two greater than 10% customers.  The complaint further alleges that, as a result of these sales, the company's gross margin and revenue per share declined substantially.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Applied Optoelectronics has agreed to settle the SEC's charges without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Applied Optoelectronics has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws and orders the company to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Scott Frost, Kelly L. Gibson, and Amy Gwiazda of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Lindsay Savarese.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.