On February 27, 2015, Norman Asbjornson, President and CEO of Aegon, Inc., a Kansas City, Mo.-based, publicly-traded, privately-held, publicly-traded, publicly-traded, privately-traded, publicly-traded company, told investors that the company was going to be able to grow its business by at least 5% per year.  The company also announced that it was going to invest $22 million in new construction, which is a significant increase from the prior year.  The company also announced that it would be hiring and hiring an engineer to help it achieve this goal.  According to the company's press release, the company's orders for new construction increased by 5.5% in the first quarter compared to the same period a year ago.  The company's orders for new construction increased by 9.7% in the first quarter.  The company's revenue increased by 9.7% in the second quarter.  As a result of the new construction, the company's revenue increased by 9.7%.  As a result of the new construction investment, the company's revenue increased, and the company's cost of goods sold increased.  As a result of the new investment, the company's revenue increased.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's stock price increased, as well.  The company's stock price rose, and the company's stock price increased.  The company's outlook for the second half of the year was bleak.  The company's stock price increased, as well as its effective tax rate.  As a result of the new investment investment, the company's revenue increased, the company's effective tax rate increased, and the company's effective tax rate increased.  The company's stock price also increased.  The company's stock price increased.  As a result of the new investments, the company's revenue increased, and the price of new construction increased.  The company's stock price increased as well.  The company's stock price increased as a result of the new investment.  The company's stock price increased, but the company's revenue declined.  The company's stock price increased, however, as a result of the new investment investment.  The company's effective tax rate increased to 38.1% from 35.2% in 2013.  The company's effective tax rate increased from 35.2% in 2013 to 38.2% in 2014.  The company's effective tax rate is 38.2%.  The company's effective tax rate increased from 45.2% in 2013 to 47.4% in 2014.  The company's revenue increased by 5.5% in the second half of the year.  The company's