On May 31, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), its former CEO, and its former CFO, Jeff Shepherd, for misleading investors about the company's competitive position.  According to the SEC's complaint, from the first quarter through the first half of the year, Advance Auto Parts was unable to maintain its competitive price targets.  The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter, Advance Auto Parts had to cut its price targets by $17 million, which was well below expectations.  The complaint further alleges that, in the third quarter, Advance Auto Parts had to restock its stores in order to maintain its competitive position.  As a result, Advance Auto Parts had to restock and restock its stores.  The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Advance Auto Parts with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Advance Auto Parts has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a $17 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Marhta Lasser and Scott Ciccarelli of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Lasser and Ms. Ciccarelli.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov website.