On February 16, 2020, Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), a North American auto parts company, announced that it has agreed to pay a $1.5 million penalty for operating expenses related to a new supply chain initiative.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a $2 million penalty for operating expenses related to the new supply chain initiative.  The company also agreed to pay a penalty of $1.5 million for operating expenses related to a related supply chain initiative.  The company's previously announced plans to restructure, restructure, and repurchase existing and new stores.  The company also agreed to pay a $1.6 million penalty for operating expenses related to the new Supply Chain Initiative.  The company also agreed to a $1 million penalty for operating expenses related to a related supply chain program.  The company's continuing to invest in the supply chain, which is important to our business.  The company's continuing to invest in its core business, which includes automotive parts, electrical products, and services.  The company also announced that it would invest $1.6 million in new supply chain initiatives.  The company's continuing to invest in new supply chain initiatives that are helping to drive the company's profitability.  The company also announced that it would pay a $1 million penalty for operating expenses in the second and third quarters of 2020.  The company's continuing efforts to improve its core business are paying off in the form of higher unit prices and lower operating income.  The company's continuing efforts to improve the core business are paying off in the form of lower unit prices and higher operating income.  The company's continuing efforts are paying off in the form of higher operating income.  The company's continuing investment in new supply chain initiatives is paying off in the form of higher unit prices.  The company's continued efforts to improve its core business are paying off, as well.  The company's continuing efforts to invest in new supply chain initiatives are paying off in the form of higher unit costs and higher operating income.  The company's ongoing efforts to improve its core business are paying off with higher unit prices and higher operating income.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Tom Greco.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Kimberly Nagel with the assistance of C.J. Kerstetter.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov 