On November 16, 2020, Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), a North American auto parts company, announced strong quarterly comparable store sales growth and a double-digit increase in earnings per share.  The company also announced that it has entered into a multi-year agreement to sell DieHard battery in more than 2,200 U.S. retail locations.  The company also announced that it would be expanding its Carquest by Advance banner program.  The company also announced that it would roll out a new Carquest by Advance brand.  The company previously announced that it would be expanding the Carquest by Advance banner program.  As we discussed in the prepared remarks, this is a terrific product.  As we discussed in the prepared materials, we're seeing robust demand for our products.  The company also announced that it will roll out a new Carquest by Advance banner program.  As a result, the company's net sales increased significantly in the third quarter.  The company's stock price increased, and the company's adjusted operating income margin increased.  As a result, the company's stock price increased.  The company's adjusted operating income per share increased by 19% in the quarter.  The company's stock price increased significantly in the third quarter.  As a result, the company's adjusted operating income per share increased.  The company's stock price increased, as well.  As a result, the company's gross margin increased.  The company's revenue per share increased, as well as its adjusted operating income per share.  The company's stock price increased as well.  The company's stock price increased as a result of the new Carquest by Advance banner.  The company's revenue per share increased in the third quarter.  The company's adjusted operating income increased 21% in the quarter.  The company's adjusted operating margin increased by 19%.  The company's adjusted operating income per share was up 31% in the quarter.  The company's revenue per share increased by 16% in the third quarter.  The company's operating income per share increased 31% in the quarter.  As a result of the new Carquest by Advance program, the company's adjusted operating income per share rose by 19%.  The company's adjusted operating margin increased by 16% in the quarter.  The company's new Carquest by Advance banner program is helping to drive the company's growth.  The company's new Carquest By Advance brand is helping to drive the company's adjusted operating income per share growth.  The company is continuing to invest in the Carquest by Advance banner.  The company is investing in the Carquest by Advance brand.  The company's growth is accelerating.  The company's adjusted operating income per