The Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) second quarter earnings call was conducted on August 13, 2019, and the company's CEO, Tom Greco, provided an update on the company's second quarter financial results.  The company's second quarter earnings call was conducted on August 14, 2019, and the company's first half financial results since 2014.  The company's second quarter financial results were better than expected.  The company's first half financial results were down from the prior year quarter.  The company's second half financial results were down from the first half of the year.  The company's second half financial results, which were better than expected, were down from the first half.  The company's second half financial performance was up from the first half of the year.  In the second half of the year, our gross margin was down from the first half.  The company is continuing to invest in its core business, which includes manufacturing and supply chain.  The company's second half financial results are up from the first half.  The company's third quarter financial results were down from the first half of 2018.  The company's first half financial results are down from the second half of 2018.  The company's second half financial performance is up from the first half.  The company is investing in its core business, which includes manufacturing, supply chain, and logistics.  The company's second half financial results reflect that.  The company's second half financial performance, which was better than the first half, was down from the first half.  As a result, the company's second half financial results are down from the first half.  The company acknowledges the difficulties in executing its long-term strategy.  The company acknowledges the difficulties in executing on its long-term plans.  The company acknowledges the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The company acknowledges the assistance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The company acknowledges the assistance of the United States Attorney’s Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment by using the SEC’s Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment by using theÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.