On February 12, 2015, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's request for a temporary restraining order and a temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for a temporary restraining order and temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge granted the request for a temporary restraining order and ordered the court to determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's request for a temporary restraining order and temporary injunction.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a temporary restraining order.  The Court entered into a temporary restraining order on February 13, 2015.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order on February 14, 2015.  The court entered a temporary restraining order on February 16, 2015.  The court entered a temporary injunction on February 13, 2015.  The court entered a temporary order on February 14, 2015.  The Court entered an order imposing a temporary restraining order on February 13, 2015, and entered a temporary restraining order on February 15, 2015.  The court entered an order imposing a temporary restraining order and ordering the court to enter a temporary restraining order.  The court entered a temporary restraining order and ordered the court to enter a temporary restraining order on February 16, 2015, ordering the court to enter a temporary restraining order and order the court to enter a temporary restraining order. The court entered a temporary restraining order on February 17, 2015.  The Court entered a temporary injunction order on February 21, 2015.  The court entered a preliminary injunction order on February 24, 2015.  The court entered an order ordering the court to enter a temporary restraining order, ordering a temporary restraining order, and ordering the court to enter a preliminary injunction.  The court entered a temporary restraining order against the court.  The court entered a temporary restraining order, ordering the court to enter a preliminary injunction, ordering the court to enter into a temporary restraining order, ordering the court to disgorge disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The court entered a temporary restraining order without ordering the court to enter a permanent injunction.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order against the court, ordering the court to enter a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Court entered a temporary restraining order without ordering the Court to enter a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5