On July 22, 2014, Apple announced that it has entered into a long-term partnership with IBM to provide a platform for Apple's mobile products and services.  According to the company's press release announcing the partnership, Apple's flagship product, the Apple Watch, was the first smartphone to be launched in the U.S. since the iPhone 7 years ago.  The company also announced that it had acquired Apple's iMac, iPad mini and iPod touch.  The company also announced that it would acquire Apple's iMac, iPad Mini and iPod touch.  The company also announced plans to acquire Apple's iMac, iPad Mini and Apple's iMac Pro.  According to the company's press release, Apple's partnership with IBM enabled Apple to provide Apple with a platform for Apple's mobile products and services, including iMac, iMac, iMac Mini and iMac Pro.  The company also announced that it would provide Apple's iMac App Store and iMac Pro with access to Apple's cloud services and data analytics capabilities.  The company also announced that it would roll out Apple's iMac App Store and iOS 8.  The company also announced that it would offer Apple's iMac App Store and iOS 8 to its retail customers.  The company also announced that it will offer Apple's iMac App Store and iMac App Store to its retail customers.  The company's stock price has increased significantly since the announcement of the Apple deal.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the announcement of the Apple deal.  Investors should be aware that Apple's stock price has increased significantly since the announcement.  The company's stock price has also increased significantly since the announcement of the deal.  The company's stock price has risen significantly since the announcement of the Apple deal, and the company's stock price has increased substantially since the deal was announced.  The company's stock price has also risen significantly.  The company's stock price has risen substantially since the announcement of the Apple deal, and Apple's stock price has increased significantly.  The company's stock price has also declined significantly.  The company's stock price has increased by more than 20 percent since the announcement of the Apple deal in June.  The company's stock price has declined by more than 30 percent since the announcement of the Apple deal.   The company's stock price has also declined by more than 50 percent since the announcement of the deal.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against Apple's former CEO.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free