On August 2, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has acquired a $1.4 billion office building in San Diego, California.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the second quarter of 2017, American Assets Trust, Inc., a San Diego-based real estate investment trust, lost approximately $1.4 million in lease proceeds.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, alleges that, in the second quarter, American Assets and its CEO, Ernest Rady, raised the price of a condominium building by approximately $1.4 million.  The complaint further alleges that, in the third quarter, American Assets and its CEO, Bob Barton, raised the price of the condominium building by $1.4 million.  According to the SEC's complaint, the price of the condominium building increased from $49.5 per share in the first quarter of 2017 to $50.75 per share in the second quarter of 2017.  The complaint further alleges that American Assets' third-party manager was in place when we acquired the condominium building.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in the Central District of California, charges American Assets with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, American Assets has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Cecilia Hill of the SEC's San Diego Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.