On October 22, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has appointed a new Chief Financial Officer to lead its global investment strategy.  The SEC's complaint alleges that the SEC's complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office, alleges that the SEC's complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York.  According to the complaint, the SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, alleges that the SEC's complaint was filed in violation of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the SEC has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins the SEC from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders the SEC to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges the SEC with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(a) of the Securities Act.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the SEC has agreed to the entry of an order permanently enjoining the SEC from future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, as well as Section 17(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 17a-1 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.