The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services today announced that AbbVie Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("AbbVie"), a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into clinical trials to develop a long-acting anti-inflammatory drug.  The company also announced that it has entered into a multi-year clinical trial program that will enable it to develop a long-acting, anti-inflammatory drug.  According to the company's CEO, Rob Olivia, AbbVie Pharmaceuticals has a long history of successful clinical trials of its anti-inflammatory drug, Lipitor, which is being tested in the U.S. and elsewhere.  The company's long history of successful clinical trials of Lipitor, Lipitor, Lipitor, Lipitor, and Lipitor has been particularly impressive.  The company also has a long history of successful clinical trials of Lipitor.  The company's history of successful clinical trials of Lipitor has been impressive.  The company's long history of success with Lipitor, Lipitor, Lipitor and Lipitor has been impressive.  The company has a long track record of successful clinical trials of Lipitor and Lipitor.  The company's long track record of success with Lipitor has been impressive.  The company recently announced that it has entered into a multiyear clinical trial program that will enable it to launch a long-acting, anti-inflammatory drug in the U.S.  The company is currently evaluating Lipitor and Lipitor in the U.S.  The company's plans for Lipitor and Lipitor are ongoing.  The company is evaluating Lipitor and Lipitor for indications that may require longer-acting, anti-inflammatory drugs.  The company is also evaluating Lipitor in the U.S. and China.  The company is evaluating Lipitor in the U.S. for atopic dermatitis and psoriasis.  The company is evaluating Lipitor in China.  The company is continuing to evaluate Lipitor and Lipitor.  The company is also evaluating Lipitor for psoriasis.  The company is currently evaluating Lipitor in China.  The company appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Human Services.  The company encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling them investments by using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.