On January 29, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint against Ameris Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCB), alleging that it failed to adequately manage its mortgage business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Atlanta, alleges that Ameris Bancorp failed to adequately manage its mortgage business.  According to the complaint, Ameris Bancorp was unable to adequately manage its mortgage business.  The complaint, filed in federal court in Atlanta, charges that Ameris Bancorp has overstated its net income by more than $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter.  The complaint alleges that Ameris Bancorp failed to maintain its core bank and core bank operating expenses.  The complaint alleges that Ameris had a significant decline in its core bank and core bank operating expenses in the fourth quarter.  The complaint further alleges that Ameris failed to adequately manage its core bank and core bank expenses.  The complaint further alleges that Ameris did not adequately manage its mortgage business.  The complaint alleges that Ameris did not adequately manage its core bank and core bank expenses, and that Ameris did not adequately manage its core business.  The complaint, filed in federal district court in Atlanta, charges that Ameris has overstated its core bank and core bank operating expenses by more than $1.5 billion.  The complaint charges that Ameris Bancorp's core bank and core bank operating expenses increased by more than $1.5 billion during the fourth quarter.  The complaint charges that Ameris has not adequately managed its core bank and core bank operations.  The complaint charges that Ameris has failed to adequately manage its core business.  The complaint charges that Ameris has overstated its core business by more than $1.5 billion in assets.  The complaint charges that Ameris is not adequately managing its core business and that Ameris has not adequately managed its core business.  The complaint also charges that Ameris Bancorp has not adequately managed its core business and that Ameris Bancorp is not adequately managing its core business.  The complaint against Ameris Bancorp charges that Ameris Bancorp has not been adequately managed.  The complaint charges that Ameris is overstated in its core business.  The complaint charges that it has overstated its core business expense by more than $1.5 billion, and the complaint charges that Ameris Bancorp is overstated in its core business expense.  The complaint charges that Ameris is underfunded.  The complaint charges that Ameris has understated its core business expense by over $1.5 billion.  The complaint against Ameris is that Ameris has overstated its core business expense.  The complaint against Ameris Banc