On March 14, 2020, the company announced that it had acquired BioVision, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in Waltham, Massachusetts.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, BioVision was the first biotech company to be publicly listed in the U.S.  According to the company's press release, BioVision was the first biotech company to go public in the U.S.  The company's revenue increased substantially in the second half of the year and the company's adjusted operating profit increased by more than 200 basis points.  The company's revenue increased by more than 400 percent in the second half of the year, and the company's adjusted operating profit increased by nearly 300 percent.  The company's revenue increased by about 400 percent in the second half of the year and by more than 300 percent in the third quarter of the year.  The company's adjusted operating profit increased by more than 400 percent in the period ending December 31, 2020.  The company's revenue increased by about 200 percent in the second half of the year.  The company's adjusted adjusted operating profit increased by more than 300 percent in the second half of the year, reflecting the impact of the BioVision acquisition.  The company's revenue increased by about 300 percent in the second half of the year and the adjusted operating profit increased by over 200 percent in the third quarter.  The company's adjusted operating profit was up by more than 200 percent in the second half of the year, but the company's adjusted operating profit was down by more than 300 percent.  The company's continuing to invest in research and development, particularly in the areas of immunoassays and proteomics.  The company's continuing to make investments in its research and development capabilities.  The company's recently filed for a secondary listing on NASDAQ, which is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts.  The company's continuing to invest in its research and development capabilities.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Puneet Souda and Jean Blair, and the litigation will be led by Samantha Hirzel.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. District Court.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.