On August 5, 2016, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. ("ABR"), a real estate investment trust, for misleading investors about the performance of its core business.  According to the SEC's complaint, ABR's core business, which originated over $3 billion on loans in 2015 and contained a servicing portfolio of approximately $12 billion, generated approximately $1.9 million of income in the second quarter and $1.8 million in the first quarter.  The complaint alleges that ABR's core business, which originated approximately $1.9 billion on loans in 2015 and contained a portfolio of approximately $12 billion, generated $1.9 million in income in the second quarter and $1.9 million in the first quarter.  According to the complaint, ABR's core business is now comprised of 89% senior debt and 80% of that debt being big family assets, which translates into a significant value asset.  The complaint further alleges that ABR's core business is not performing as well as it would have liked.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges $1.9 million in interest and $600,000 in penalties.  The complaint charges $1.9 million of interest and $600,000 of penalties.  The SEC's complaint charges $1.9 million in penalties.  The complaint also charges $1.9 million of interest and a $1.9 million penalty.  The SEC's complaint charges $2 million in penalties.  The SEC's complaint charges $3.9 million in penalties.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Jason Delaney and supervised by Sanjay Wadhwa.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.