On October 29, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia against Arbor Realty Trust, Inc., a New York-based REIT, alleging that it failed to adequately fund its core business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, alleges that Arbor Realty Trust failed to adequately protect its core business from rising rates.  According to the complaint, Arbor Realty Trust's core business, which includes agency, private label, and single-family loans, has grown substantially since the start of the financial crisis.  The complaint alleges that, as a result of this growth, Arbor Realty Trust's core business was unable to adequately protect itself against rising rates.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's Complaint Bulletin, alleges that, in the third quarter, Arbor Realty Trust's core business was down by approximately 17% from the second quarter.  The complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, Arbor Realty's core business was down by approximately 17%.  The complaint, filed in the Complaint Bulletin, alleges that, as a result of this, Arbor Realty's core business was unable to adequately protect itself from rising rates.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the Complaint Bulletin, Arbor Realty Trust has agreed to settle the SEC's charges against it.  The settlement is pending final approval by the court.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jennifer Laws and Steven Shane of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit, and the litigation will be handled by Jennifer Laws and Steven Shane.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov to quickly identify people selling or offering investments using the free and simple search tool.