On August 3, 2019, the Honorable Deborah Buchanan of the U.S. District Court for the District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Arbutus Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABUS), a San Diego, California-based biopharmaceutical company, failed to generate sufficient clinical data to support its long-term investment strategy.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, alleges that Arbutus violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Arbutus has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges Arbutus with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Arbutus has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(b)(2) of the Securities Act and Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Victoria Hastings, Deborah Buchanan, Marhta Ding, and Deborah Buchanan of the SEC's New York office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.