On November 4, 2020, Arcosa, Inc., a Texas-based construction services company, announced strong third-quarter financial results.  The company's CEO, Antonio Carrillo, and CFO, Gail Peck, announced the company's acquisition of Southwest Rock, LLC.  According to Carrillo, Southwest Rock was acquired by Arcosa in April 2016 for approximately $1.3 billion.  The acquisition generated double-digit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in the third quarter.  According to Carrillo, Southwest Rock's acquisition was a positive development for Arcosa.  The company's growth has been supported by strong demand for its construction products and services businesses.  In the fourth quarter, we received orders for approximately $175 million of new construction products.  The company's forecast for the fourth quarter is that it will grow at a reasonable rate.  As we discussed in our earnings call on November 2, 2018, Southwest Rock's revenue was up 12% and adjusted EBITDA was up 13%.  The company's outlook for the fourth quarter is positive.  The company's revenue and EBITDA have increased substantially since the beginning of the year.  As we discussed in our earnings call earlier this year, the company's growth has been supported by favorable market conditions.  As we discussed in our earnings call last year, the company's growth is supported by strong demand for its construction products and its services business.  As we discussed in our earnings call, the company's growth is supported by favorable market conditions.  The company's balance sheet is strong.  As we discussed in our earnings call yesterday, the company's growth is supported by the acquisition of Southwest Rock.  As we discussed in our earnings call today, the company's growth is supported by the strong demand for its construction products and services business.  As we discussed in the earnings call yesterday, the company's growth is aided by favorable market conditions.  The company's profitability is supported by favorable market conditions.  As we mentioned in our earnings call yesterday, the company's balance sheet is strong.  The company's growth is supported by favorable market conditions, including strong demand for our construction products and services business.  The company's outlook for the fourth quarter and the first half of next year is very positive.  The company's outlook for the year is supported by favorable market conditions.  In a note to investors, Antonio Carrillo, the company's CEO, and Gail Peck, the company's CFO, agreed to the entry of a permanent injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The company's