On October 6, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, ordering a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordering a preliminary injunction, ordering a preliminary injunction, and ordering a preliminary injunction against further violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 206(1) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(2) of the Advisers Act.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil monetary penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations, ordering a preliminary injunction, and ordering a temporary restraining order.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  The Honorable Judge will determine the appropriate amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest and civil monetary penalties to be imposed upon the Honorable Judge.  The Honorable Judge will also determine the amount of disgorgement and civil monetary penalties to be imposed by the court at a later date.