On April 28, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against a former CEO of a Florida-based company accused of insider trading.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2020, PowerA, a Florida-based manufacturer of home-improvement and home-improvement products, and its former CEO, Neal Fenwick, engaged in insider trading in the company's stock. The complaint alleges that, in the first quarter, PowerA's sales were down 7%, and the company's adjusted operating income was down 7%. The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, PowerA's sales declined 7%, and the company's first-quarter adjusted operating income was $11 million lower than expected. The complaint, filed in the SEC's Complaint Bulletin, alleges that PowerA's sales declined 7% in the first quarter, and the company's adjusted operating income was $11 million lower than anticipated. The complaint alleges that PowerA's sales were impacted by higher costs associated with the bond and bank debt refinancing. The complaint further alleges that, in the second half of the year, PowerA's sales declined 7%, and its adjusted operating income was $11 million lower than the prior year. The complaint alleges that, in the second half, PowerA's sales declined 7%, and our adjusted operating income was $11 million lower than last year. The complaint alleges that, in the first half of the year, PowerA's sales were down 7% and its adjusted operating income was $11 million. The complaint alleges that, in the second quarter of the year, PowerA's sales declined 9%, and the company's adjusted operating income was $9 million lower than expected. The complaint alleges that, in the third quarter, PowerA's sales were down 7%. The complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, PowerA's sales were down 9%, and the complaint alleges that, in the second half, the company's sales were down 9%. The complaint alleges that, in the third quarter of the year, PowerA's sales were up 7%, and the complaint alleges that, in the fourth quarter, the company's sales were down 9%. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, PowerA's CEO, Neal Fenwick, has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins him from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(a) of the