The U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) today announced that it has raised its full-year and fourth quarter 2019 financial results.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay a $1.2 million penalty to settle an accounting fraud that led to the company's loss of millions of dollars.  The company also agreed to pay a penalty of $1.2 million to settle an accounting fraud that led to the loss of millions of dollars in revenue.  The company also agreed to pay a $1 million penalty to settle a related accounting fraud that led to the loss of approximately $600,000 in revenue.  The company also agreed to a $1.2 million penalty to settle the accounting fraud.  The company also agreed to pay $1.2 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The company also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $1.2 million, which represents a 29% sequential decline relative to the third quarter of 2019.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Diana Glosser and Marhta Burke of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit, and the litigation is continuing.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Corporation, the U.S. Department of Energy, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Justice.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering investments using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert to encourage people to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using investor.gov to quickly identify if they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. Investors can also use Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment by using the Investor.gov report to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov investor.gov to check Investor.gov 