The U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NYSE: WEWS) today announced that it has entered into an asset sale agreement that will enable it to become fully electric.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, U.S. Well Services has agreed to the entry of an asset sale agreement that will enable it to acquire and sell assets in the U.S. market.  According to the SEC's complaint, U.S. Well Services' fleet was oversupplied with equipment and pricing was not recovering as quickly as we thought.  The complaint alleges that U.S. Well Services' decision to exit the diesel market and become fully electric resulted in significant increases in the company's operating costs.  The complaint further alleges that U.S. Well Services failed to disclose that it was acquiring and selling assets in the U.S. Well Services fleet.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in New York, charges U.S. Well Services with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, U.S. Well Services has consented to the entry of an asset sale agreement that permanently restrains the company's books and records.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges U.S. Well Services with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges U.S. Well Services with violating Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges U.S. Well Services with violating Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, U.S. Well Services agreed to the entry of an asset sale agreement and agreed to the entry of an agreement that permanently restrains and restrains the company's books and records and records.  The settlement will be subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Elizabeth Broussard, Melissa Burke, and Ann Gengaro of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Elizabeth Broussard.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Board of Directors.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to