The U.S. Well Services, Inc. ("Well Services") announced third quarter 2019 financial results.  According to the company's earnings release, the company's fleet of 12 electric and conventional fleets has grown substantially since it began operations in the second quarter of 2019.  According to the company's press release, in the third quarter, the company's fleet of 12 fleets increased from seven to nine.  The company also announced that it would idle one conventional fleet.  According to the press release, this represents a significant reduction in the number of vehicles that are being used per day.  The company also announced that it had signed contracts to provide electric and conventional services for its customer in the Northeast.  According to the press release, the company's fleet of 12 fleets was fully utilized in the third quarter.  The company's revenue per fully utilized fleet increased 7% sequentially to $62.6 million.  The company's total revenue per fully utilized fleet increased 11% over the second quarter.  According to the company's investor alert, this represents a significant improvement over the first quarter of 2019.  The company's financial condition has deteriorated significantly since the start of the year.  The company's financial condition deteriorated significantly during the third quarter.  The company's stock price has declined significantly since the start of the year.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York, the company's share price has declined significantly since the beginning of the year.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the company has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation is continuing.  The SEC's litigation is being led by Kathryn O'Neill and Mr. Shapiro.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Corporation, the U.S. Department of Energy, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.