On May 9, 2014, the company announced the acquisition of PACK Pharmaceuticals, a generic pharmaceutical company, for a total of $4.5 million. The acquisition was announced on May 9, 2014, and the company announced the acquisition on May 10, 2014. The acquisition was announced on May 10, 2014. The company announced the acquisition on May 11, 2014. The company's third quarter earnings announcement on May 9, 2014, included strong sales and profits of its flagship product, PACK Pharmaceuticals. The company's third quarter earnings were lower than the third quarter of last year, reflecting lower sales of its flagship product, but the company's continued investment in research and development. As a result, the company's third quarter earnings were lower than those achieved last year. As a result of the acquisition, the company's third-quarter earnings were lower than those achieved last year. The company's fourth quarter earnings were lower than those achieved last year because of lower sales of its flagship product, PACK Pharmaceuticals. As a result of these factors, gross profit was down almost 45% in the quarter and gross margin decreased to 15.5% from last year's quarter. As a result of these factors, the company's third-quarter earnings per share were lower than those achieved last year.  The company's fourth quarter earnings were also lower than those achieved last year. The company announced a senior level management transition in its Performance Chemicals segment this month. The company announced the acquisition of PACK Pharmaceuticals on May 10, 2014. The company's third quarter earnings were down almost 45% compared to the third quarter of last year. The company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2014 were down 400 basis points from the third quarter of last year.  The company's fourth-quarter earnings were down 400 basis points from last year.  The company's financial results for the quarter were down 400 basis points from last year's third quarter.  The company's fourth quarter earnings were down 400 basis points from the third quarter.  The company's financial results for the fourth quarter of last year were down 400 basis points.  The company's financial results for the period ending March 31, 2014 were down 400 basis points from last year. The company's third-quarter earnings per share were down 400 basis points from last year.