On February 3, 2017, the company announced that it had completed the acquisition of Citron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Citron"), a company that manufactures and sells generic pharmaceuticals.  The company's second quarter earnings call was conducted by Jody Burfening, Chief Operating Officer, and Sal Guccione, Chief Financial Officer.  The company's financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 were impacted by the acquisition of Citron.  According to the company's press release, the acquisition of the Citron product lines was a significant factor in the company's decline in sales and earnings per share.  The company's second quarter results were impacted by increased competition in the U.S. and Europe.  The company's second quarter results were down 9.3% from the second quarter.  The company's third quarter results were impacted by lower sales volume in its core pharmaceuticals business.  The company's fourth quarter results were impacted by supply interruptions on two of our products at Rising Pharmaceuticals.  The company's third quarter results were down 9.3% from a year earlier.  The company's fourth quarter financial results were impacted by the acquisition of Citron and Lucid.  The company's second quarter financial results were impacted by supply interruptions on two products at Rising and Lucid.  The company's third quarter financial results were impacted by the supply interruptions on those products.  The company's fourth quarter financial results, which were also impacted by the acquisition of Citron, were down 9.1% from the second quarter.  Without further ado, the company's financial results for the second quarter are below what we reported last year.  The company's third quarter financial results, which were impacted by the acquisition of Citron, are down 9.3% from the second quarter and Lucid's down 9.1% in the third quarter.  The company's fourth quarter financial results are down 9.3% from a year ago.  The company's third quarter financial results are down 9.3% compared to the second quarter of 2016.  The company's fourth quarter financial results for the year-to-date are down 9.3% from a year earlier, partially offset by increased sales volume in the U.S. and a slowdown in orders in our European market.  The company's third quarter financial results for the period were down 9.3% compared to a year earlier.  The company's fourth-quarter financial results were down 9.3% from a second quarter of 2016.  The company's third quarter financial results in the second half of 2016 were down 9.3%.  The company's third quarter financial results were down 9.3%