On October 27, 2016, the company announced that it had agreed to acquire United Guaranty Corporation for $3.42 billion.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, the deal is subject to approval by the Department of Justice.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on October 27, 2016, alleges that the U.S. Department of Justice issued an order requiring the U.S. Department of Justice to obtain an order for the U.S. Department of Justice to conduct an asset freeze.  The SEC's complaint charges that the U.S. Department of Justice obtained a court order requiring the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York to unseal criminal charges.  The SEC's complaint charges the U.S. Department of Justice with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, the Department of Justice has issued an order for the U.S. Attorney's Office to unseal criminal charges against the defendant.  The SEC's complaint charges the defendant with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(2)-8 thereunder.  The complaint charges the defendant with violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(3) of the Investment Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The complaint also charges the defendant with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 206(3) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges the defendant with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the defendant has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins him from violating the charged provisions of the Exchange Act, and orders him to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, a civil penalty, and a penny stock bar.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation is continuing.  The SEC's litigation