Debra Osteen, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia Healthcare, Inc., today announced that it has suspended the sale of its U.K. business until market conditions improve.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, over the last two months, Acadia Healthcare has experienced a significant decline in the number of patients seeking care at its U.S. and U.K. facilities.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court on May 5, 2020, alleges that Acadia Healthcare had a significant impact on the number of patients who sought care at its U.S. facilities.  According to the complaint, Acadia Healthcare's response to the COVID-19 pandemic was focused on providing quality, safe, and cost-effective services to its patients.  The complaint alleges that Acadia Healthcare's response to the pandemic resulted in a significant reduction in the number of patients who sought care at our facilities.  The complaint further alleges that Acadia Healthcare's response to the crisis was focused on providing quality, safe and cost-effective services.  The complaint alleges that Acadia Healthcare failed to adequately respond to the COVID-19 pandemic.  The SEC's complaint charges Acadia Healthcare with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Acadia Healthcare has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5 and 10b-5 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Natalie Ransom, Debbie Osteen, and Jean Tanquilut of the Boston Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Gretchen Hommrich.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering