Debra Osteen, Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Investor Relations at Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., a U.S.-based health care provider, today announced that it has agreed to pay $20 million to $25 million to restructure its U.S. operations.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, in the second quarter of 2019, Acadia lost approximately 400 beds.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, alleges that the company was not prepared to restructure its U.S. operations to meet demand for its services.  According to the complaint, the company's plans to restructure the U.S. operations were not in place at the time.  The complaint further alleges that the company was not prepared for the impact of the U.K. retooling efforts.  The complaint further alleges that the U.K. retooling efforts were not successful.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acadia has agreed to pay $20 million to restructure its U.S.-based operations.  The settlement is subject to approval by the court.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Debra Osteen and Carol Spiekhout of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Ms. Osteen and Ms. Spiekhout.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Inspector General has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.