On February 24, 2017, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. ("Acadia"), a healthcare company that was acquired by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHS) in 2016.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Acadia Healthcare, which was acquired by DHS in 2016, had a significant impact on its financial results in the U.S. and the UK.  According to the complaint, Acadia Healthcare's revenue increased 41% in the fourth quarter and the year ended December 31, 2016.  The complaint alleges that Acadia Healthcare had significant headwinds in the U.S. and the UK in 2016.  The complaint further alleges that Acadia Healthcare's revenue was down substantially in the second half of 2016.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court, charges Acadia Healthcare with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Acadia Healthcare has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Kathryn M. Duckworth with the SEC's Analysis and Detection Center, and the case is being supervised by Brittany Gil Tanquilut.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.