On the U.K. business, the company announced that it has agreed to be acquired by a U.K.-based healthcare company. The deal is subject to approval by the U.K. Department of Health and Human Services.  The deal is subject to approval by the Department of Health and Human Services.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Helen Tanquilut with the assistance of Betty Ransom with the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Department of Health and Human Services in this matter.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about the potential impact of the U.K. acquisition.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert about the potential acquisition opportunity.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert about the potential acquisition opportunity in the U.K.  The SEC's Office of Management and Examinations has issued an Investor Alert about the potential acquisition opportunities in the U.K. and elsewhere.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education today issued an Investor Alert about the potential acquisition opportunity for a U.K.-based healthcare company.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education, Advocacy, and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about potential acquisition opportunities for U.K.-based healthcare companies.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education's Retail Strategy and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert about possible acquisition opportunities for U.K.-based healthcare providers.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education & Advocacy has also issued an Investor Alert about potential acquisition opportunities in the U.K.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering investments using the SEC's Investor.gov website to identify whether they are registered professionals.