On May 11, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that Archer Aviation, Inc. ("Archer"), a San Emma, California-based aerospace manufacturer, announced that it has entered into a multi-year agreement with the U.S. Air Force, the Department of Defense, and the U.S. Department of Energy to develop and manufacture an eVTOL aircraft.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Archer and its founder and CEO, Janice Goldstein, have been working with the U.S. Air Force and the Department of Energy to develop, test and manufacture eVTOL aircraft.  The SEC complaint alleges that the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Air Force did not have sufficient funding to build the aircraft.  According to the complaint, the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Air Force did not have enough funding to build the aircraft.  The SEC complaint alleges that Archer violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC complaint, Archer and its founder and CEO have agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The final judgment also prohibits Archer and its founder and CEO from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Janice Goldstein and supervised by Christine Zazula of the SEC's Atlanta Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Zazula.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Air Force, and the U.S. Air Force.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.