On August 5, 2020, the SEC filed its second quarter earnings release with the SEC.  The SEC's complaint alleges that UPC Insurance, a Florida-based insurance company, and its CEO, Brad Martz, violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint further alleges that, in the second quarter, the company reported a loss of $29.8 million, which was in line with expectations.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, prior to COVID, UPC's reserves were at or below 84% of gross premiums earned.  According to the complaint, the company's reserves were at or below 84% in the second quarter.  The complaint further alleges that, in July, the company terminated a quota share reinsurance agreement on a cut-off basis.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, UPC Insurance and Martz agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins them from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders them to pay disgorgement of $2.2 million, prejudgment interest of $1.3 million, and a civil penalty of $1.5 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges UPC with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereon.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Michelle Peed, Greg Abigails, Deborah Mattel, and Bill Broomall of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be handled by Ms. Prior and Mr. Mattel.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.