On May 8, 2018, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against a former CFO for lying to the SEC about the company's plans to restructure its business.  The SEC's complaint alleges that CFO Troy Rudd and COO Rachel Wotring misled investors about the company's prospects in the U.S. and abroad.  According to the complaint, Rudd and Wotring misled investors about the company's long-term track record of profitability and revenue growth.  The complaint alleges that Rudd and Wotring misled investors about the size of the company's backlog and the profitability of the business.  The complaint further alleges that Rudd and Wotring lied to investors about the size of the company's backlog.  The complaint further alleges that Rud and Wotring lied to investors about the profitability of the business.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Rud and Wotring with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges Rud and Wotring with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's complaint charges Rud and Wotring with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint also charges Rud and Wotring with violations of Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Rud and Wotring agreed to settle the matter without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Janice Seiden of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Burke and Mr. Wotring.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.