The company today announced that it has agreed to pay $3 billion to acquire a large number of cloud-based services companies.  The deal is subject to regulatory approval.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York and the Department of Justice.  The deal is subject to regulatory approval by the court.  The deal is subject to approval by both the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Department of Justice.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, the deal is subject to regulatory approval.  The settlement is subject to court approval by the court.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, alleges that the deal is subject to court approval.  The settlement is subject to Court approval by the court.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Darrin Peller and Kelly L. Gibson and supervised by Kelly L. Gibson.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on this matter. The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals. Investors can also use the SEC's Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.