On May 9, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced that Ascent Industries Co. (NYSE: ASC) announced that it has agreed to pay down its outstanding debt and to acquire a new CFO.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Ascent's former CFO, Ben Rosenzweig, misappropriated approximately $1.3 million of investor funds to support his personal use of the funds.  The SEC's complaint further alleges that Ascent's former CFO, Bill Steckel, misappropriated approximately $1.4 million in investor funds to support his personal use of the money.  As a result, Ascent's financial results for the first quarter of 2018 were materially lower than expected.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges Ascent with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Ascent has agreed to pay a $1.3 million civil penalty and to be barred from serving as an officer or director of a public company for five years.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Ascent with violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges Ascent with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Ascent consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the above-mentioned provisions of the federal securities laws and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $1.3 million.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Betty Hutter, Bill Steckel and Betty Hutter of the SEC's New York office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Steckel and Mr. Hutter.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.