On November 5, 2019, Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) announced that it has received FDA approval for INBRIJA, an on-demand Parkinson's drug.  According to the company's press release announcing the FDA's approval of the drug, approximately 66% of its patients have received their first prescriptions of INBRIJA.  According to the company's press release, the FDA's approval of INBRIJA increased the number of prescriptions by over 60% in the third quarter compared to the second quarter of 2018.  The company also announced that it has engaged an adviser to address the issue.  The company's press release, which was issued on November 5, 2019, detailed the company's progress in achieving formulary status for INBRIJA.  The company also announced that it had engaged an adviser to address the issue.  According to the SEC's press release, the FDA's approval for INBRIJA increased the number of prescriptions for the drug by over 60% in the third quarter.  The company's stock price increased more than 60% in the third quarter, and the company's stock price increased more than 90% in the fourth quarter.  The company's continuing to evaluate the impact of the FDA's approval on the company's stock price.  The company's continuing to evaluate the safety and efficacy of INBRIJA.  The company's continuing to engage in discussions with potential investors about how to best capitalize on this opportunity.  The company's continuing efforts to identify and address the safety and efficacy of INBRIJA will be aided and abetted by the company's continuing efforts to streamline the company's business.  The company's continuing to engage with potential investors, and the company is continuing to engage in discussions with potential investors.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Debra Yee and Laura Atkins of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued anÂ Investor AlertÂ to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool onÂ Investor.gov.  The SEC'sÂ Investor.gov websiteÂ hasÂ identifiedÂ asÂ anÂ association ofÂ advisers withÂ anÂ adviserÂ withÂ anÂ adviser toÂ developÂ anÂ adviser programÂ toÂ developÂ onÂ anÂÂ adviserÂ inÂ anÂ adÂ adÂ programÂ toÂ developÂ anÂ adÂ onÂ anÂ adÂÂ adÂ adÂ adÂÂ adÂÂÂÂ adÂÂÂ adÂÂÂÂÂ onÂ 