The Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) second quarter 2023 financial and business update provided today by the company's CFO, Tierney Saccavino, is providing an update on the company's second quarter 2023 financial and business update.  According to the company's investor alert, on August 8, 2018, the company announced that it would be raising its sales guidance for the second quarter of 2023.  According to the SEC's alert, the company's new guidance for the second quarter of 2023 represents a 12% increase over the first half of the year and represents substantial growth over the first half of the year.  The company also announced that it would be raising its guidance for the second half of the year.  The company's website and brand campaign highlights that the return of symptoms or OFF periods between regular doses of INBRIJA may cause people with Parkinson's to avoid important moments of their lives such as those related to their family or friends, their interest, their exercise.  The company is also continuing to evaluate collaborations for creating important new inhaled therapies.  The company's field sales team continues to call on its field sales specialists to ensure that they're aware of the support that we're providing for the brand.  The company also recently launched a new consumer INBRIJA website and brand campaign.  The website and brand campaign is called "For the Fighters."  The website and brand campaign highlights that new prescriptions make up a small minority of the total prescriptions that we see over the first half of the year.  According to the SEC's alert, new prescriptions are a key indicator of future performance, as patients refill and then increase the base of total prescriptions on a go forward basis.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges the company with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violations of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, the company consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a $1.8 million civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Cheryl Gesser, and the litigation will be led by Tierney Saccavino.  The SEC appreciates