On November 2, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, a real estate investment company, for a total of $192 million. The agreement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the third quarter of last year, Ares and its CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon, were unable to secure a long-term agreement to acquire the company's assets. The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the third quarter, Ares and Yoon purchased $28 million of newly issued AAA-rated commercial real estate loans backed by a pool of senior floating rate mortgages. The complaint further alleges that, as a result of the higher rates, Ares' portfolio was less able to service the loans. The SEC's complaint, filed in the SEC's Eastern District, charges Ares with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The complaint also charges Tae-Sik with violating Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b-5 thereunder. The complaint charges Tae-Sik with violating Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b2-1 thereunder. The complaint charges Anna with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Tae-Sik agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins him from violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Rules and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval. The SEC's investigation was conducted by Jacqueline Stilmar of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit, and the litigation will be led by Ms. Stilmar. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.