On May 8, 2019, AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire DSUVIA, a non-invasive opioid analgesic, for the use of acute pain management. The agreement is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. The agreement is subject to court approval. The company previously announced that it would acquire DSUVIA in the formulary of 125 formulary approvals by year end. The agreement is subject to court approval by the U.S. District Court. The agreement is subject to court approval. In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia announced criminal charges against DSUVIA's manufacturer. The SEC's complaint alleges that DSUVIA violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, DSUVIA has been approved by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for use in hospitals. DSUVIA has been approved by the Department of Health and Human Services for use in acute pain management. DSUVIA has not yet been approved by the Department of Health, but the Department of Health and Human Services has issued an order for DSUVIA to be available for sale in the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 2019. DSUVIA has not yet been certified by the Department of Health and Human Services. The Department of Health and Human Services has not yet issued an order for DSUVIA. The Department of Health and Human Services is continuing to evaluate DSUVIA's safety and efficacy. The Department of Health and Human Services is conducting an examination of DSUVIA's safety and effectiveness. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.