On May 4, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it had issued an Investor Alert about the potential impact of rising rates on the insurance industry.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, in the first quarter of 2018, Enact Holdings, Inc. ("Enact"), a New York-based insurance company, raised its risk-assessments guidance for the first quarter of 2023.  According to the SEC's complaint, Enact's risk-assessments guidance for the quarter was in line with market expectations.  The SEC's complaint, however, was that Enact's risk-assessments guidance was in line with market expectations.  As a result of these actions, Enact's risk-assessments have declined, and the company's reserves have declined.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal district court in New York, charges that Enact violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Enact has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders it to pay a civil penalty in the amount of $1.08 per diluted share.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Enact has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Rohit Gupta and supervised by Elizabeth Hagen.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.