The Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Board of Directors today announced that it has initiated a 5.1% position in Immersion Corporation.  The SEC's complaint alleges that during the second quarter, Acacia's Board of Directors reviewed the company's IP business and made the strategic decision to rationalize our cost structure and directing wasteful corporate spending to productive licensing assets.  According to the complaint, the company's IP business is deeply dislocated, offering attractive potential returns for a well-capitalized company with a prudent asset allocation strategy.  According to the complaint, our new Board of Directors made the strategic decision to write off the investment in Miso Robotics, a company that offered attractive potential returns over the long term.  The complaint alleges that the company's financial position and current cash burn were sufficient to justify the 5.1% position in Immersion.  The complaint further alleges that the company's Board of Directors reviewed the company's financial results and made a decision not to buy anything simply because it fills a short-term revenue opportunity.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, the Board of Directors has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains the company's assets and requires it to write off the investment in Miso Robotics.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Acacia with violating Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint also charges Acacia with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 17a-1 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Acacia has agreed to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from future violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and to pay a civil penalty in the amount of $20 million.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Brett Reiss, Janney Montgomery, Margaret Gibson, and Margaret Gibson of ROTH Capital Partners.  The SEC's litigation will be led by Mr. Fink.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.