On March 2, 2020, Acme United Corp. ("Acme") announced that it has agreed to pay over $5 million to settle charges related to supply chain disruptions.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Acme United's fourth quarter and year-end 2017 financial results were materially impacted by supply chain disruptions.  According to the complaint, Acme United's sales in the fourth quarter and year-end 2017 were down 7% and 8%, respectively, from the prior year.  The complaint alleges that Acme United's sales in the fourth quarter were impacted by supply chain issues at ports in Asia, the US and Europe, and by increased demand for first aid and medical products.  Acme United's net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $193.9 million compared to $182.1 million in 2021.  The complaint alleges that Acme United incurred supply chain disruptions, including those resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic.  The complaint alleges that Acme United has experienced supply chain disruptions, including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and we may experience supply chain disruptions in the future.  The complaint alleges that Acme United violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, Acme United has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Kathryn Sidoti with the SEC's Analysis and Detection Center.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Sidoti and Ms. Ambersen.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.