The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc has agreed to pay $1.2 million to settle a pending litigation action brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan, Adaptimmune was unable to timely submit a BLA for its first-generation TCR cell therapy for solid tumors.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, alleges that Adaptimmune violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Adaptimmune has agreed to pay $1.2 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges Adaptimmune with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 16(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Adaptimmune has agreed to settle the matter without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint. The settlement is subject to court approval.  Without admitting or denying the allegations of the complaint, Adaptimmune has agreed to settle the SEC's charges without admitting or denying the allegations of the complaint.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Danya Hail, Ellen S. Cotter, and Glenn S. Gordon of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Rawcliffe and Ms. Hail.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.