I'm going to ask Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah, the senior analyst at Stifel, to provide an update on the semiconductor industry.  According to the analyst's question, the semiconductor industry is highly dependent on the supply chain.  The analyst's question was posed to Prashanth by Jessica Lucarelli, who is Vice President of IR and FP&A at Stifel.  According to the analyst's question, as a result of the recent downturn in the semiconductor industry, many of our customers are not using their products as much as they would have liked.  The analyst's question, "How sustainable is a 50%-plus operating margin?"  According to the analyst's question, the answer is, it's a long way from where we are today.  The analyst's question, which was posed to Prashanth, was: "How sustainable is a 50-plus operating margin?"  The analyst's question, which was posed by Jessica Lucarelli, was posed to Prashanth by Prashanth Mahendra Rajah, who is Vice President of Finance and FP&A.  The answer is, it's a little bit different.  The analyst's question was posed to Tore Svanberg by Jessica Lucarelli, who is VP of IR and FP&A.  The analyst's question was: "How sustainable is a 50% operating margin?"  The answer is, it depends on the customer.  The analyst's question was posed by Prashanth Mahendra Rajah.  The analyst's question was posed by Jessica Lucarelli, who is the Vice President of IR and FP&A for Stifel.  The analyst's question, which was asked by Prashanth, was: "How sustainable does a 50%-plus operating margin look to you?"  The answer is, it's a lot more complex.  The analyst's question was posed by Tore Svanberg, who is the senior vice president of IR and FP&A.  The answer to the analyst's question is, "It's a lot more complex."  The analyst's question was posed by JessicaLucarelli, who is the Vice President of Finance and FP&A for Stifel, and was assisted by Prashanth Mahendra Rajah of the Market Abuse Unit.  The analyst's question, "How does a 50-plus operating margin look to you guys?"  The answer is, "It's a lot more complicated."  The analyst's question: "How does a 50%-plus operating margin look to us?"  The analyst's question: