Ray Young, Executive Vice President and CFO of Archer-Sarahs-Midland Company (ADM) today, told investors that the company was going to continue to invest in its core businesses in order to support the growth of its long-term business.  The company's CEO, Ray Young, also told investors that the company was going to invest heavily in its core businesses in order to meet demand for its feedstock.  The company's CEO also told investors that the company was going to use more of its assets to support the growth of its long-term businesses.  He also told investors that the company was going to spend a lot of money on research and development.  In fact, according to Ray Young, the company spent $1.3 billion on research and development.  In fact, the company spent more than $2.3 billion on research and development.  The company's stock price has increased significantly since the start of the year.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the start of the year.  According to Ray Young, the company's core business is agriculture, which includes soybean, corn, canola, and soybean meal and feedstock.  The company is going to invest a lot of money in these businesses.  The company is going to spend a lot more on research and development.  The company is going to invest more in its core businesses.  The company is going to invest in its core businesses in order to meet demand.  The company is going to invest more heavily in its core businesses in order to meet the demand for its feedstock.  The company is going to spend more on research and development.  The company's going to invest more in its core businesses in order to meet demand in the U.S. and around the world.  The company's also going to invest more in its core agriculture business.  The company is going to invest more to support the growth of its core business.  The company's going to invest more to support that growth.  The company's also going to invest in its core ag services business, which includes soybean meal and feedstock.  In addition, the company is going to invest more in its core ag services business in order to meet demand for its feedstock in the U.S. and abroad.  The company's also going to invest heavily in its core ag services business.  The company is going to invest in the core ag services business.  The company's going to invest in its core agriculture business.  The company's going to invest heavily in its core businesses.  The company's going to invest in the core agriculture business.  The company's