On August 9, 2023, ADMA Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, announced that it has raised its guidance for the second quarter of 2023.  The company's CEO, Virginia Grossman, and its CFO, Marhta Lenz, both of whom are highly regarded in the immunology industry, agreed to participate in a conference call to discuss the company's progress in raising funds to develop and market its immunoglobulin product.  According to the company's press release, ASCENIV is the first type of immunoglobulin to be approved by the FDA for use in at-risk immune deficient patients.  The company's revenue has increased by more than 77% since the company's initial public offering in 2014.  The company's stock price has increased significantly since then.  The company's stock price has increased substantially since the company's initial public offering.  The company's stock price has increased by more than 77% since the beginning of the year.  According to the company's investor presentation, ASCENIV is the first type of antibody to be approved by the FDA.  The company's revenue has increased by about 77% since the company's initial public offering.  As a result of this growth, ADMA's revenue has increased by more than 77% year-over-year.  The company's stock price has also increased significantly.  The company's stock price has increased, as well.  The company's CEO and CFO, Virginia Grossman, agreed to participate in a conference call to provide an update on the company's progress in this area.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on Immunoglobulin.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment by using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of people selling or offering an investment using the Investor.gov website to identify whether they are registered professionals. The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on Immunoglobulin to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering