The company today announced that it has raised its guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2019.  According to the company's prepared remarks, Maria Black, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Don McGuire, Chief Operating Officer, both of whom are currently in charge of the company's global business operations, told investors that the company was on track to deliver strong financial results in the third quarter of fiscal 2019.  The company also announced that it would be raising its full year guidance for 2019.  Maria Black, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Don McGuire, Chief Compliance Officer, both of whom are in charge of the company's global operations, told investors that the company was poised to deliver strong financial results in the third quarter.  However, as Maria Black described, the company is not delivering on those promises.  The company is not delivering on those promises.  In fact, as Maria Black described in her prepared remarks, the company is not delivering on those promises because it is not delivering on its strategy.  The company is not delivering on its promises.  The company is not delivering on its revenue targets.  The company is not delivering on its plans.  The company is not delivering on its targets.  Maria Black, President and Chief Compliance Officer, and Don McGuire, Chief Commercial Officer, both of whom are also in charge of the company's global operations, agreed to the terms of their settlements without admitting or denying the allegations in Maria Black’s prepared remarks.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC’s Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC encourages investors to use the free and simple search tool onÂ Investor.govÂ to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals. Â The SEC encourages investors to check the background of people selling investments by using theÂ SEC’sÂ Investor.govÂ to identify whether they are registered professionals.