The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the period ending June 30, 2021.  The company's CEO Douglas Lindsay and co-chief operating officer Steven Wall discussed the company's strong financial performance in the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's prepared remarks, the company's revenue increased 11.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 16.3%.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was up 11.2% sequentially.  The company's continuing to invest in its core business, which includes retail and ecommerce.  In the second quarter of 2020, the company's lease portfolio increased by 11.2% year-over-year.  The company's continued strong performance is reflected in the company's financial results.  In the second quarter, the company repurchased approximately 1,166,000 shares of its common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $281.5 million, an increase of 11.2% compared to the second quarter of 2020.  The company has not assumed any additional share repurchases in the third and fourth quarters of the year.  The company also announced that it has raised its full-year same store revenue guidance for the second half of the year.  The company's continuing to invest in the core business, which includes retail and ecommerce, and the company's efforts to streamline its operations.  The company's continuing strong financial performance is reflected in the company's prepared remarks.  The company's continuing efforts to streamline its operations are reflected in the company's prepared statements.  The company's continuing investments in the core business are reflected in the company's prepared remarks.  In the second quarter of the year, the company raised its full-year same store revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance.  The company's continued investments in the core business are reflected in its prepared remarks.  The company's continued efforts to streamline its operations are also reflected in the company's prepared remarks.