On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay approximately $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled just over $1 billion in the third quarter of 2020.  As a result of the acquisition, Acacia's net asset value increased by $192 million, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million for the quarter.  The company also announced that it has entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New York, alleges that Acacia violated the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Acacia has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains and enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders Acacia to pay disgorgement of $32 million in prejudgment interest and a civil penalty of $32 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Brett Reiss and Janney Montgomery Scott, and the litigation will be handled by Mr. Reiss and Mr. Reiss.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.