China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. (CADC) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call November 17, 2014 8:00 AM ET Executives Jemming Shang - Board Secretary Xianfu Han - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Operator Greetings and welcome to the China Advanced Construction Materials Group Incorporated Fiscal Year 2015 First Quarter Results. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jemming Shang. Thank you, Ms. Shang, you may begin. Jemming Shang Thank you and welcome to China ACM conference call for the first quarter of 2015 fiscal year. I am Jemming Shang, the Board Secretary of China ACM. Before we start, I would like to remind you that management's prepared remarks contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions. Therefore the company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statement that is contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those discussed today due to such risk factors, but not limited to, changes from anticipated levels of sales, future national or regional economic and competitive and regulatory conditions, changes in relationships with customers, access to capital, difficulties in developing in marketing new products, marketing existing products, customer acceptance of existing and new products and other factors that may be included in the Risk section of our filings with the SEC. Accordingly, although the company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, any projection as to the company's future performance represents management's estimates as of today, November 17, 2014. We undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements provided as a result of new information, future events or even changes in our expectations except as required by law. Joining us on today's call is Mr. Xianfu Han, Chairman and CEO; Mr. Weili He, Vice Chair and COO, Interim CFO; and Mr. Ken Ren, Independent Director of the Board; Mr. Xinyong Gao, the Financial Controller of the company. I'll now have prepared remarks from Mr. Han that has been translated into English and will now read on Mr. Han's behalf. Xianfu Han Good morning, everyone. After consecutive losses for 11 quarters, we are very much delighted to report that we've once again managed to deliver results. Our core business, the sales of concrete products, is bouncing back. At our heart market in Beijing, the sales of concrete had recovered by more than 100% for the quarter from a year ago. Also, the doubtful accounts had shown healthy recovery, and the collection is at its highest peak in the past three years. While the loss had been stopped, we are focused on revolutionizing our core business. We aim to deliver clean concrete using otherwise non-recycled materials such as building debris and construction wastes. Related recycling technologies of debris wastes are essential for the success of transforming our business. The technologies that we will use can bring us better margins, competence and a prudent path to growth. We believe the results of the first quarter is very good start not only for fiscal 2015, but also for the new era of China ACM. We will make a clean and transparent company with stringent governance, effective control and responsible management. We invite our shareholders, our clients to police us, to grow with us, from all over the world. The company is still young. The vision of the company may exceed our limits of imagination. Let's witness together. Now I would like to brief our first quarter fiscal year 2015 financial highlights. Our quarterly revenue doubled from $10.2 million to $21.2 million by 109% year-on-year from previously provided guidance of between $8 million and $12 million. Our quarterly net income grew above breakeven after three year losses and after previously guidance of between minus-$0.5 million and $2 million. We stopped 11-quarter consecutive net losses during the three months ended September 30, 2014. Quarterly net income available to common shareholders amounted to $0.1 million from minus-$5.8 million quarter loss year-over-year. Doubtful accounts recovered $1 million in quarter, improved $4.1 million year-over-year and compared to a provision of $3 million for the same quarter a year ago. The allowance for doubtful accounts decreased to approximately $29.9 million at September 30, 2014, as compared to approximately $31.7 million at June 30, 2014, mainly attributable to the recovery of certain doubtful accounts. For the second quarter and full year guidance of fiscal year 2015, with the continued momentum of recovery for the second quarter ended on December 31, 2013, we expect to earn revenue of $20 million to $22 million, net income of between $0 million and $1 million, and EPS of between $0 and $0.53 based on fully diluted shares of 1.9 million as of November 15, 2014. For the full fiscal year ended on June 30, 2015, we confirm to earn revenue of between $70 million and $90 million, and we raise our expectation to earn net income of between $1 million and $9 million, and EPS of between $0.53 and $4.72 based on fully diluted shares of 1.9 million as of November 15, 2014. This guidance had incorporated the continuous improvement of receivable collection and the sustainable rebound of sales demand. Now I would like to open the call up for questions. Operator, please open the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q –     [Operator Instructions] It appears there are no phone questions at this time. Would you like to make any additional comment? Jemming Shang On behalf of myself, our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xianfu Han; our Vice and COO and Interim CFO, Mr. Weili He; Mr. Ken Ren, the Independent Director; Mr. Xinyong Gao, the Financial Controller; and the rest of the China ACM management team, thank you for attending our call. Please feel free to contact us with any follow-up questions. Operator Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.