On January 26, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced that American Airlines Group, Inc. ("AAL"), a now-defunct U.S. airline, announced that it would restructure its network to meet rising demand for long-haul flights.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Dallas, alleges that American Airlines had to restructure its network to meet rising demand for its long-haul jets.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that American Airlines had to restructure and restructure its network to meet rising demand and demand for its long-haul jets.  According to the SEC's complaint, American Airlines had to restructure and restructure to meet that demand.  The SEC's complaint, filed in U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, American Airlines and its CFO, Derek Kerr, agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently restrains the airline's financial condition.  The final judgment permanently enjoins them from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and orders them to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Cheryl Isom, John Rymas, and John Rymas of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.