The Sharon's Company, Inc. ("Sharon's") announced second quarter earnings that were ahead of internal expectations.  The company's CEO, Charlotte Lindsay, and its CFO, Steve Olsen, both of whom are from the Retail Strategy Task Force, both of whom are also from the Retail Strategy Task Force.  The company's second quarter earnings release, which was issued yesterday, provided an update on the company's financial performance and its outlook for the second half of the year.  The company's second quarter earnings call, which was also the company's first since acquiring The Sharon's, highlighted that the company was experiencing pressure in the second half of the year from declining demand for its products and services.  The company's second quarter earnings release also provided an update on the company’s second quarter financial performance.  The company’s second quarter earnings release, which was released yesterday, provided an update on the company’s third-quarter financial performance.  The company’s third-quarter financial performance was better than anticipated.  The company’s second quarter financial performance was significantly ahead of internal expectations.  The company’s second quarter revenue was down 10% year-over-year.  The company’s second quarter net income was up 10% year-over-year, and the company’s adjusted EBITDA margin was up 10% from the prior year quarter.  The company’s second-quarter net income was up 10% year over year.  The company’s second quarter operating income was down 10% year over year.  The company is still experiencing pressure in the second half of the year.  As a result of the pressure in the second half of the year, the company has reduced its lease portfolio.  The company’s second quarter adjusted EBITDA was down 10%, compared to the prior year quarter.  The company is also experiencing a year-over-year decline in lease portfolio size.  The company’s second quarter non-GAAP net income was down 10%, compared with the prior year quarter.  The company is currently experiencing a year-over-year decline.  The company’s second quarter reported a loss of $1.2 million.  The company’s third quarter reported a loss of $1.3 million.  The company’s fourth quarter reported a loss of $1.4 million.  The company’s first-quarter net income was down 10%.  The company’s second-quarter operating income was down 10%.  The company is experiencing a year-over-year decline in its lease portfolio.  The company