On May 31, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ("AAP"), its former CEO, and its former CFO, Jeff Shepherd.  The SEC's complaint alleges that, in the first quarter of 2018, Advance Auto Parts was unable to maintain its competitive price targets because of price increases.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that Advance Auto Parts was unable to meet its price targets because of price increases.  According to the complaint, Advance Auto Parts was unable to meet those price targets because of price increases.  The complaint further alleges that Advance Auto's new CFO, Tom Greco, was unable to meet those price targets.  The SEC's complaint, which was filed in the SEC's complaint, charges Advance Auto with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Advance Auto has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Scott Ciccarelli and Victoria Bellinger of the SEC's Philadelphia Regional Office.  The litigation will be led by Mr. Ciccarelli and Ms. Bellinger.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the SEC's Investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are professionals.