On February 25, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") announced the filing of its fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results.  The SEC's complaint alleges that Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. ("Aclaris"), a biopharmaceutical company based in St. Louis, Missouri, and its CEO, Neal Walker, raised approximately $75 million from investors in 2019.  According to the SEC's complaint, from January through December 2019, Aclaris engaged in a transitional year in which it redefined its strategy and shifted our capital allocation to focus on our core competency of developing kinase inhibitors for atopic dermatitis.  The complaint alleges that the company's first clinical trial, ATI-450-1beta, IL-8 and IL-6, was particularly successful.  The complaint further alleges that ATI-450-1beta was not associated with any meaningful food effect or drug-drug interaction with methotrexate.  In addition, the complaint alleges that ATI-450-2138 was not associated with any significant food effect or drug drug interaction with methotrexate.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges the company with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, Aclaris has consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges the company with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Without admitting or denying the SEC's allegations, Aclaris has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the charged provisions of the federal securities laws and orders it to pay disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest, penalties, and injunctive relief.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Lachlan Hanbury-Brown, Megan Blair, and Lachlan Hanbury-Brown, and the litigation will be led by Neal Walker.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.