On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay approximately $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the company's press release, the acquisition closed in early October, and the company's share price increased substantially.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2020 included $605 million in realized gains from the Woodford portfolio and $182.9 million in convertible preferred stock.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in this portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million for the company.  The company's stock price increased substantially after the acquisition, and Acacia's stock price increased substantially.  As a result of the acquisition, Acacia's financial results for the third quarter of 2020 were materially different from those reported in the third quarter of 2020.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charges Acacia with violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Janney Montgomery Elizabeth, Craig Hallum, and Brett Reiss of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Ms. Stoss and Ms. Montgomery Elizabeth.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.