On October 26, 2020, Janice Luciano, Chief Executive Officer of Archer-Olivia Midland Company, announced that the company has entered into a long-term agreement to acquire two dry mills.  The deal is subject to approval by the U.S. and the European governments.  According to Luciano, the deal is subject to approval by the Commission.  The Commission previously approved the purchase of two dry mills.  The Commission previously approved the purchase of a third dry mill.  The Commission previously approved the purchase of one of the dry mills.  The Commission previously approved the acquisition of another dry mill.  The Commission previously approved the acquisition.  The Commission previously approved the purchase of another dry mill.  According to the Commission's order, the acquisition is subject to approval by the Commission.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the defendants.  The Commission previously announced criminal charges against the defendants.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Janice Luciano, Kelly Loomis, and Beverly Moskow of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Janice Luciano.  The Commission appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The Commission's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The Commission's Investor Alert to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov to find out more about the Commission's Investor Alert Investor Alert on January 17, 2020.  The Commission's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.