The Aaron's Company, Inc. (AAN) today announced that it has raised its full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance for the second quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it had raised its full-year same store revenue and earnings per share guidance for the period ending June 30, 2021.  The company's CEO Douglas Lindsay and co-chief operating officer Scott Wall discussed the company's strong financial performance in the second quarter of 2020.  According to the company's prepared remarks, the company's revenue increased 11.5% year-over-year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 16.3%.  The company also announced that it had increased the number of stores that it had opened in the second quarter of 2020.  The company's revenue increased 11.2% year-over-year, and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin was up 11.2%.  The company's stock price increased more than 20% in the second quarter.  The company's stock price increased more than 30% in the second quarter.  The company is now at 80% of the portfolio, which is significantly higher than the second quarter of 2020.  The company is continuing to invest in its core business, which includes a number of high-end, high-end, high-end, high end, high-end, high-end, and high-end, high-end stores.  The company also announced that it would be raising its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2021.  The company also announced that it would raise its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2020.  The company's stock price rose more than 20% in the second quarter of this year.  The company's stock price increased about 30% in the second quarter of this year and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin improved by about 20%.  The company's stock price increased by about 20% in the second quarter of this year, and the company raised its dividend for the year ending June 30, 2019.  The company's stock price rose about 20% in the second half of this year.  The company's revenue increased by 11.2% year-over-year.  The company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 16.3% in the second quarter.  The company announced that it would be raising its dividend in the second half of the year.  The company's stock price increased by more than 20% in the second half of this year, and the company announced that it would be raising its dividend for a third consecutive year.  The company's reported same-store same-store revenue increased by 11.2% in the second quarter of this year.