the pie's company is a public company with a strong success rate and its success in the last four years. in the second quarter of 2021, we exceeded our expectations for total revenues with same store revenues and adjusted electronic data data ( ebd ). we also returned significant capital to our shareholders. overall revenues increased 8.5% year-over-year and the second full quarter as a standalone public company, primarily due to strong underlying business trends and the execution of our strategic priorities. same store revenues grew 11.2% in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the prior year. the improvement was roughly two second- and third - third - third - third - year. strong demand for our products combined with a favorable impact of centralized decisioning and continued but moderating government stimulus to our customers led to an 8.7% increase in our quarter ending same store lease portfolio size compared to the prior year. our overall lease portfolio continues to perform well, as of the end of the second quarter. our overall lease portfolio continues to perform good. as of the end of the second quarter, approximately 80% of our total lease portfolio is comprised of lease agreements that were originated through our centralized decisioning platforms. this decisioning technology allows us to better match the customer's lease payment with their financial position with the goal of helping our customers achieve ownership. we believe that continued optimization of our decisioning technology combined with improved operations is a significant contributor to our strong lease portfolio performance, resulting in fewer lease merchandise returns and lower write-offs in both our store and ecommerce channels. our overall lease portfolio continues to perform poorly, representing 14% of total lease revenues in the second quarter. our overall lease portfolio continue to perform well, as of the end the second quarter. our outlook assumes patient lease payment activity remains elevated in the second half of 2021 when compared to pre - covd-19 pandemic levels but lower than the second half of 2020. our outlook assumes patient lease payment activities remain elevated in the second half of 2021 when the compared to pre - covd19 pandemic levels but lower than the second second of 2020.