On May 31, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the Honorable Judge's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction against further violations of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.  The Honorable Judge also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The Court also granted a preliminary injunction against future violations of Sections 17(a)(1) and (3) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) thereunder.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction, ordered a temporary restraining order, and issued a temporary restraining order against future violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5(b) and (3) thereunder. The Court granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a temporary restraining order against future violations of the antifraud provisions.  The Honorable Judge granted the court's motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for a preliminary injunction against future violations of the federal securities laws.  The Court granted the Court's motion for a preliminary injunction and ordered a preliminary injunction against future violations.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Scott Ciccarelli and Mark Dee, and the litigation will be led by Mark Dee.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.