On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in San Diego, California, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  The agreement is subject to approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Commission (Commission).  The agreement is subject to approval by the Commission.  According to the Commission's order, AbCellera has agreed to participate in a multi-year licensing agreement that will enable it to acquire, develop, and market a new antibody called bamlanivimab.  The Commission's order, which is subject to approval by the Commission, requires that the antibody be developed in a clinical trial.  The Commission's order requires that the antibody be developed in a multi-year clinical trial.  The Commission also requires that the antibody be developed in a partnership model.  The Commission's order also requires that the antibody be tested in a clinical trial.  Without admitting or denying the Commission's findings, AbCellera has agreed to pay a $2.6 million civil penalty and to be barred from serving as an officer and director of a public company for five years.  The Commission's order also requires that AbCellera pay a civil penalty of $2.6 million.  The Commission's order also requires AbCellera to pay a civil penalty of $2,500.  The Commission appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of California, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  The Commission's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The Commission's Office of Investor Education has also issued an Investor Alert on Investor.gov to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The Commission's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert on Investors in Biopharmaceuticals to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.