The U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NYSE: WEWS) second quarter earnings call and webcast today was conducted by Diana O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer, and Gracel Broussard, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations.  The company's second quarter earnings call and webcast is being conducted by Ian MacPherson, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations, and Diana O'Neill, Chief Operating Officer.  The company's second quarter earnings call was conducted by Ian MacPherson and Barbara Mary of Piper Sandler.  The company's financial results for the second quarter of this fiscal year are being reviewed by Diana O'Neill, the company's CFO.  The company's second quarter financial results are being reviewed by Diana O'Neill, who is the company's CFO.  According to her, the company's financial performance is stronger than it was in the second quarter of this fiscal year.  The company's second quarter financial results, which were released on August 12, are being reviewed by Diana O'Neill, Gracel Broussard, and Barbara Mary of Stifel.  The company's third quarter financial results are being reviewed by Ian MacPherson, Piper Sandler, Barbara Mary, and Sharon Gengaro of Stifel.  The company's second quarter financial results for the second quarter are being reviewed by Diana O'Neill and Gracel Broussard, the company's CFOs.  The company's third quarter financial results, which were released on August 13, are being reviewed by Diana O'Neill.  The company's third quarter financial results for the second quarter were also reviewed by Ian MacPherson and Barbara Mary.  Diana O'Neill, the CFO, has provided an update on the financial condition of the company.  The company's second quarter financial results were also reviewed by Ian MacPherson, Barbara Mary, and Sharon Gengaro.  The company's third quarter financial results were also reviewed by Diana O'Neill.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Ian MacPherson and supervised by Barbara Mary.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Well Services Board of Directors.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.