On November 9, 2020, Synalloy Corp. announced the acquisition of DanChem, a leading full-service specialty chemicals manufacturer, for approximately $1.2 billion.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, DanChem is uniquely positioned to be a leader in the specialty chemicals business.  The company's Board of Directors previously approved the acquisition.  According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, DanChem is uniquely positioned to be the premier solution provider through best in class safety, quality and customer experience.  According to the SEC's complaint, DanChem's capacity to produce high-quality, high-quality products has declined significantly since the acquisition.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, charges DanChem with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, DanChem has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws and orders it to pay a civil penalty of $1.2 million.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Chris Hutter, Judy Tam, and Scott Frost, and supervised by Scott Frost.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Virginia, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using the Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.