On February 16, 2020, Christine Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer of ACV Auctions, Inc., announced that the company had raised its guidance for the company's fourth quarter and full year of fiscal 2019.  The company's stock rose more than 50% in the fourth quarter and the company's adjusted EBITDA margin increased by nearly 400 basis points.  The company's stock price increased more than 50% year-over-year and the company's revenue increased by nearly 400 basis points.  As Christine Chamoun described in her prepared remarks, the company's business model is highly focused on providing high-end, high-end, and low-end vehicles to dealers.  The company's growth has been aided by the introduction of programmatic buying, which enables dealers to quickly and easily bid on a car on the open market.  As Christine described, the company's business model is focused on providing high-end, low-end, and high-end vehicles to dealers.  As a result of these investments, ACV's revenue has increased by over 50% year-over-year.  The company's share price has increased by over 200% since the IPO.  The company's share price has also increased by over 400 basis points since the IPO.  The company's revenue has also increased by over 400 basis points year-over-year.  Christine Chamoun, Chief Operating Officer, and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer, both of whom have been retained by the company as CFOs, have agreed to be permanently enjoined from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Victoria Colantuoni with the assistance of Christine Chamoun.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of FINRA.