On February 22, 2019, the Honorable Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze and other emergency relief.  The Honorable Judge also granted the SEC's request for an asset freeze.  The Honorable Judge granted the SEC's request for an emergency asset freeze and emergency relief.  The Honorable Judge granted the request for an emergency asset freeze.  The Honorable Judge also granted the court's request for an emergency asset freeze and other emergency relief.  In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of New York today announced criminal charges against the Honorable Judge.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Court's request for an asset freeze and emergency relief.  The Court granted the SEC's motion for an emergency asset freeze and relief.  The Honorable Judge granted the Court's request for an emergency asset freeze and relief.  In a related administrative proceeding, the Honorable Judge also granted the Court's motion for an emergency asset freeze.  The Court entered a final judgment that permanently enjoins the Honorable Judge from future violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  The Honorable Judge also granted the request for an emergency asset freeze and relief against future violations of the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The Court granted the SEC's request for a temporary asset freeze and relief from future violations of the antifraud provisions.  The Honorable Judge will determine the amount of disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil penalties to be determined by the court at a later date.  The Honorable Judge also granted the Commission's request for an emergency asset freeze and relief against further violations of the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.