 we report results for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and discuss our outlook for the balance of the year. 
 our net sales were $125.6 million, a decrease of 4.5% from the second quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 our gross profit was $30.8 million, a decrease of $14.1 million compared to the second quarter of 2016. our gross margin was 24.5% compared to 27.2% in the prior year period. 
 our gross profit in the human health segment fell $16.9 million, a 22% decrease from the prior year s quarter. 
 our pharmaceutical ingredient segment sales were $36.8 million, an increase of 7.4% versus the second quarter of 2016, largely on the strong sales gain abroad and our pharma intermediate business. 
 our performance chemical segment sales decreased 9.3% to $34.5 million due to a decline in our domestic sales of specialty chemicals, including a $4.2 million sales drop in our agricultural dye and pigment intermediate product line. 
 our pharma ingredient segments saw sales grow by 7.5% in the quarter versus last year but they had a similar percentage decrease in gross profits. in both of those segments product mix was an important contributing factor in the performance versus a year ago. 
 the second quarter results were impacted by supply interruptions on two of our commercial products at Rising as we previously noted during our first quarter earnings call. Somewhat mitigating the headwinds that we have just described, we launched two new products during the quarter bringing our total for the year-to-date to five products. also shortly before we completed the acquisition of the Citron product lines, two of those products were launched during the quarter; one is called [indiscernible] and the other is Cyclobenzaprine. 
 we expect most of the new product launches to cover later in the year, mostly in the fourth quarter. 
 we also expect that one of our previous API constrained products will resume sales in the fourth quarter and that will primarily be a third quarter assumption of the prior expectation of the prior year. 
 we expect sequential non-GAAP EPS growth in the third quarter versus the second quarter, and then again in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter which will allow us to exit 2017 well positioned to resume robust growth in EPS and fiscal 2018. 