 this is a question for the second quarter of 2023 earnings conference call.    
 we are more than half way through 2023 and through our commitment to underwriting acumen, prudent reserving and cycle focused capital allocation, we were able to deliver another quarter of profitable growth.  our operating results in the quarter were stellar with an annualized operating return on average common equity of 21.5% that drove a 4.8% increase in Arch's book value of common share for the quarter.  book value per share was $37.04 as of June 30, up 4.8% in the quarter and 13.5% on a year-to-date basis.  in light of the improved market conditions in the property market we were able to deploy capital into lines with superior risk-adjusted returns which resulted in a significant premium growth for both property and property insurance and reinsurance.    
 our portfolio is well diversified across multiple zones that is well spread across multiple zones that is attractive to our current risk-force with a broader risk base than in the past.    
 our capital allocation strategy remains very focused on growing the book organically.    
 we have a very, very solid construct within our overall capital allocation that will dictate what kind of market share we would have of the market.   
 we believe that the pricing as it is right now accounts for a lot of deviation from the long-term expected that even if you had a little bit above average, we think that the market will be in really, really good place as we speak.    
 we believe that companies are pricing for a higher inflation ratio going forward and also adding a little bit, and that is what helps and sustain the hard market as we speak.    
 our goal remains to create long-term value for our shareholders at lower volatility at lower volatility.    
 we believe that the market is fairly rationalize for future.    
 we are in an enviable position as we look to 2024 and beyond.     
 we appreciate your time and your interest in our company and we look forward to answering your questions on the upcoming quarter.    
 [Operator Instructions] 