this article describes the first quarter financial results of the united insurance holdingings company. the first quarter had a core loss of 29.3 million, which reflects a reduced net earned premium combined with elevated catastrophe losses from 10 PCs events and higher loss severity on both attritional and cat claims. revenues for the first quarter reflect our aggressive de -risking and de -leveraging activities over the last 18 months. gross earned premium on a year-over-year basis is down by approximately 10% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased total liability by approximately 14% on a year-over-year basis. our net earned premium is down just over 30% due in part to the 100% quota share treaties associated with the sale of our northeast renewal rights. we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased total liability by nearly 14% on a year-over-year basis. our net earned premium is down just over 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased total liability by nearly 14% on a year-over-year basis. our net earned premium is down just over 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased total liability by nearly 14% on a year-over-year basis. our net earned premium is down just over 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased total liability by nearly 14% on a year-over-year basis. our net earned premium is down just over 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down just over 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30% due in part to the sale of our northeast renewal rights. our net earned premium is down much much more than 30%. our net loss ratio is over 60%. our initial initial complication rate increases are increasing in our personal lines and commercial lines. our average renewal premium is up by 22.7% year-to-date. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated 1.1.6 million pre -tax income for the first quarter. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated estimated $1.6 million pre -tax income for the second year. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated estimated $1.6 million pre -tax income for the second year. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated estimated $1.6 million pre -tax income for the second year. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated estimated $1.6 million pre -tax income for the second year. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated estimated $1.6 million pre -tax income for the second year. our commercial lines portfolio continues to perform well with an estimated estimated $1.6 million pre -tax income for the second year. our financial results are a good example of the growth of our national insurance industry.