Adaptimmune therapeutics plc ( afami-cel ) is a cell therapy company that has received tremendous support for afami-cel from healthcare providers and patients. in 2022, we are focused on four things to drive value for our stakeholders : one submitting the biomarker for afami-cel in the second quarter of this year ; two  building out the mage-a4 franchise with scaling up our manufacturing capabilities ; and four advancing our allogeneic platform. we are working with our management team and we are carefully managing investments for near and long - term success. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors. we are well positioned to weather the current economic environment and emerge as one of the few cell therapy companies with commercial products and an exciting clinical pipeline against solid tumors.