On January 26, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL), alleging that the airline had to restructure its network in order to meet customer demand.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that American Airlines had to restructure its network to meet demand for its long-haul jets.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines had to restructure and restructure its network in order to meet demand for its jets.  The complaint alleges that American Airlines was not able to meet customer demand for its jets.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's complaint, alleges that American Airlines had to restructure the network in order to meet demand for its jets, and that the airline had to restructure its fleet to meet that demand.  The complaint, filed in the SEC, alleges that the airline's financial condition deteriorated significantly during the pandemic.  The SEC's complaint charges American with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Sections 206(1), 206(2), and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  The complaint charges American with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, American has consented to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Sections 206(1) and 206(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 206(4)-8 thereunder.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov Investor.gov.