On March 29, 2020, AbCellera Biologics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company based in New York City, announced that it has entered into a multi-year licensing agreement to develop a new antibody to treat cancer.  According to the company's press release announcing the agreement, AbCellera's technology enabled it to identify and develop antibodies that could be used to treat cancer.  The company also announced that it had acquired a second antibody, Bamlanivimab, which is the first antibody to treat cancer.  According to the press release, Bamlanivimab is the most potent antibody ever discovered, and it has been used to treat more than 400,000 patients since 2018.  The company also announced that it has acquired a second antibody that can be used in combination with another antibody.  The company also announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a third antibody.  According to the company's press release, this agreement is subject to court approval.  The company also announced that it has agreed to pay $2.6 million in disgorgement and prejudgment interest to settle the matter.  The company also agreed to pay a $1 million civil penalty to settle the matter.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's continuing investigation is being conducted by Diana Hansen and Puneet Souda of the Boston Regional Office.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or selling investments using Investor.gov Investors.gov to quickly identify if they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the Investor.gov to check the background of anyone selling or offering an investment using Investor.gov.  Investors should check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.