On November 15, 2020, Acacia Research Corporation ("Acacia") announced that it has completed the monetization of its Woodford Life Science portfolio.  The company announced today that it has agreed to pay over $1 billion to acquire Oxford Nanopore Technologies, a microcap company.  According to the company's press release announcing the acquisition, Acacia's cash and equity investments totaled $605 million in the third quarter of 2020.  The company also announced that it has entered into a six-month lockup for its remaining shares.  According to the SEC's press release, Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million.  The company's financial results for the third quarter of 2020 reflect the impact of the acquisition of Oxford Nanopore Technologies.  The company's financial results for the quarter, however, did not include any contribution from the Oxford Nanopore Technologies portfolio.  As a result of the acquisition, Acacia's book value increased from $285 million in the third quarter of 2018 to $336 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.  Acacia's book value increased from $284 million in the third quarter of 2018 to $373 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.  The company's stock price increased, and Acacia's share price increased.  The company's stock price rose, and Acacia's stock price fell.  The company's Board of Directors and CFO have agreed to settle the matter.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert to encourage investors to check the background of anyone selling or offering them an investment using the free and simple search tool on Investor.gov to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education also issued an Investor Alert on November 15, 2020.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling or offering them an investment using Investor.gov to identify whether they are registered professionals.