On February 16, 2020, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACV).  The SEC's complaint alleges that ACV Auctions failed to deliver on its revenue and margin targets.  According to the complaint, ACV Auctions failed to meet its revenue and margin targets.  The complaint alleges that ACV Auctions did not deliver on its revenue targets.  The complaint, filed in the SEC's complaint, alleges that ACV Auctions failed to meet its revenue targets.  The complaint further alleges that ACV Auctions did not meet its revenue targets.  The complaint alleges that ACV did not deliver on its revenue targets.  As a result, ACV Auctions lost market share in the first half of the year.  The complaint, filed in the SEC, alleges that ACV Auctions lost market share in the second half of the year.  The complaint alleges that ACV's revenue was down 66% year-over-year.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, charges ACV Auctions with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, ACV Auctions has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act.  The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's complaint charges ACV Auctions with violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and charges ACV with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12b-5 thereunder.  The complaint charges ACV with violating the antifraud provision of Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint charges ACV with violating Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act for violations of Exchange Act Rule 10b-5.  The complaint charges ACV with violating Exchange Act Rule 10b-5.  Without admitting or denying the allegations, ACV Auctions agreed to the entry of a final judgment that enjoins it from violating Exchange Act Rule 10b-5 and Rule 10b-5.  The settlement is subject to Court approval.  The SEC's investigation was conducted by Emily Chamoun, Jean Drew, and Laura Sheridan of the SEC