On October 26, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire two dry mills in China.  The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, between mid-2017 and mid-2017, ADM's operations in China and India were significantly impacted by the impact of Hurricane Ida.  According to the complaint, ADM's operations in China were significantly impacted by the impact of the hurricane.  The complaint further alleges that ADM's operations in India and China were significantly impacted by the impact of the hurricanes.  The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in New York, charges ADM with violating the antifraud provisions of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.  Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC's complaint, ADM has agreed to the entry of a final judgment that permanently enjoins it from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The settlement is subject to court approval.  The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Natalie Moskow and Cheryl Katherineson of the SEC's Market Abuse Unit.  The litigation will be led by Jessica Luciano.  The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S. Secret Service.  The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy has issued an Investor Alert on the subject of this matter.  The SEC encourages investors to check the backgrounds of people selling investments by using the SEC's investor.gov website to quickly identify whether they are registered professionals.  The SEC encourages investors to check the background of anyone selling investments by using the SEC's Investor.gov website to identify whether they are registered professionals.