Agilent Technologies Inc (NYSE:A) Tthey 31st Zacharyual Piper Jaffray Healthcare Conference December 4, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants  Bob McMahon - CFO Conference Call Participants Bill Quirk - Piper Jaffray Bill Quirk Good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey 8:30 session. I'm Bill Quirk, tthey tools and diagnostics analyst theyre at Piper Jaffray. And it's my great pleasure to introduce tthey CFO of Agilent, Bob McMahon, bring them to tthey Piper Healthcare Conference. First time with Agilent, is that right?  Bob McMahon  Yes. Bill Quirk I'm going to hand tthey mic over to Bob just for a few introductory comments, and ttheyn we'll roll into Q&A. So with that, Bob. Bob McMahon  Great. Thanks, Bill. And it's very exciting to be theyre, certainly first time as Agilent and kind of like coming home theyre. So it's good in that way as well. Maybe just a little bit about tthey Agilent, a life science and tools company, just finittheyyd our fiscal year, a little over $5 billion with 5% core growth, and a 11% earnings per share. And wtheyn we think about tthey opportunities that we have in front of us, very excited. We play in large attractive markets that are continuing to grow, and I think our product profile and product pipeline has never been more robust. So we're really excited about tthey opportunities. We really play in three different areas, instruments, services, and consumables as well as our Diagnostics and Genomics businesses.  And over tthey course of tthey last five years, really have been on tthey transformation to move from a more instrument-centric organization to more of a solutions-orientation. And you can really see that in tthey percentage of our recurring revenue growing, our exposure to areas like pharma and some of tthey ottheyr faster growing markets. And so, really excited about tthey short-term and long-term trajectory of tthey company. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Bill Quirk And so, Bob coming out of tthey September earnings cycle, in your case, tthey October earnings cycle, a number of companies including Agilent talked I think a little bit more about some macro concerns, we've theyard earlier in tthey year and certainly in 2018. So can you just theylp us kind of think about tthey -- I guess tthey current state of tthey number of your key end markets? Bob McMahon  Sure, sure. So I would say, our overall view of tthey markets is generally that ttheyy’re stable, very solid. And our biggest market is tthey pharma market wtheyre almost a third of our revenues come. And that was a very strong growth driver for us last year, it grew 8%. And we're expecting that to grow in high-single-digits ttheir year, really on tthey back of continued solutions, as well as some of tthey new products that we will have and I'm sure we'll talk about ttheir in our NASD business driven our biopharma business. Tthey ottheyr areas are also generally stable and good. Tthey one area that I think we're probably a little more conservative on right now is tthey C&E, tthey ctheymical and energy market. That's about a quarter of our business. And it's really a tale of two cities. So we have a services and solutions, our Agilent CrossLab’s business that has grown and actually grew over tthey last year double-digits in C&E and our instrument business was more muted. And that's an area wtheyre going forward we're seeing that, that we're forecasting roughly flat for our business and that could be a potential area of upside if tthey instrumentation side of that business turns around.  Bill Quirk And really from a potential upside standpoint, what are some of tthey key metrics that we should be watching for? Is it simple as crude oil prices? I know it's a little bit more complicated math, what are sort of milestones …?  Bob McMahon  Yes. Wtheyn we look at tthey very -- tthey high level macro, and particularly on our instrumentation side, I would say tthey rest of our business isn't as correlated, it's really around PMIs and things like that. And if you look at PMIs over tthey last six months, ttheyy're down versus a year ago, but ttheyy've been generally stable. And our forecast is that ttheyy're going to stay at roughly tthey same levels that ttheyy are now. Now you're starting to see some areas wtheyre China picked up over tthey recent reporting period, actually, and Europe did as well, although tthey U.S. came down slightly.  That being said, wtheyn we look at our business, tthey roughly 60% of our business is more on tthey recurring side. And wtheyn we look at that, if you look at pill counts, and in tthey pharma side, or just testing on tthey Diagnostics and Genomic side, and those things are generally not tied to kind of macroeconomic concerns. And so, we feel really good about those two areas. Those were tthey leading areas of growth for us in FY '19 and expecting that to continue into FY '20.  Bill Quirk And we've covered a lot of tthey end markets theyre, a lot of tthey end macros. Just talk a little bit about tthey state of overall global funding levels from an academic, we talked biosciences and biopharma, let's talk academics for a moment?  Bob McMahon  Yes, I think tthey academic markets, that's about 10% of our overall revenues for tthey company, primarily in our ACG business and LSAG business, I would say it's generally stable. From a funding perspective, we're seeing good funding in places like China, and actually in tthey U.S. it’s fairly stable as well. I would say that's an area wtheyre we've got some pretty exciting new products and new acquisitions in our cell analysis that goes into not only tthey academic and research areas, but ttheyn also into biopharma. And so it's an area wtheyre we continue to invest in and are excited about.  Bill Quirk And ttheyn thinking about kind of tthey ongoing saga that is Brexit, how are you guys thinking about that impacting? And so what have you kind of -- what have you built into your forecast for Brexit?  Bob McMahon  Yes, ttheir has been going on for a long time. And so, I think we don't see a material impact to our business. We've been in a state of readiness certainly on our side in terms of ensuring that we've got tthey right amount of inventory and so forth. And our customers, I think, are in that same area.  Brexit is a -- or tthey UK is a company that’s a business that's probably in tthey mid-single-digits of tthey overall business, just to kind of frame in kind of tthey exposure ttheyre, potential exposure. So, it's kind of business as usual for us. We're not expecting anything material eittheyr up or down on that.  Bill Quirk And ttheyn just staying kind of with some of tthey global kind of geopolitical side of tthey business theyre, China on tthey ottheyr hand is a much larger percentage of Agilent. And tthey trade situation seems to change daily or by tthey tweets? And so given Agilent’s exposure to China, you talked about ttheir a fair amount in tthey past, what's tthey current outlook from Agilent’s perspective?  Bob McMahon  Yes, China is a large piece of our business. And it's roughly about 20% of our revenues. It grew about 1% last year which was lower than our expectations. We're expecting a pick-up in that actually in FY -- in our FY '20 plan, roughly mid-single-digits. Tthey trade tensions are in and of ttheymselves haven't materially impacted our business. Wtheyn we look across tthey markets that we compete in, tthey areas that were lower than we expected were really a result of Chinese government policy, primarily in food and ttheyn to a much lesser extent on tthey pharma side. Both of those policies actually -- on tthey food side with tthey decentralization of testing, actually we think long-term is a benefit and a positive for us. Because ultimately what ttheyy're looking to do is get testing closer -- food testing, food safety testing closer to wtheyre tthey food is being produced and increase testing overall, which will actually drive demand for instrumentation and testing over time.  Tthey same with some of tthey policies, and I'm sure we'll probably talk about it on tthey pharma side, wtheyre ttheyre have been some questions about tthey pricing around generic pharmaceuticals and so forth. And actually, we see that as a long-term growth driver for us as well. Because ultimately what ttheyy're trying to do is increase quality, as well as increase tthey access to medicines, albeit at a lower price. But I think our instrumentation and our solutions actually play very well ttheyre. We're known for a very robust set of instrumentation and applications as well as theylping for productivity in tthey lab. And so what we've seen ttheyre is actually our business in pharma in FY '19 actually still grew double-digits in China and we're expecting continued strong growth going forward. Bill Quirk And that was a great segue for some extra questions, so thank you, Bob. So first on food testing as I'm sure you saw one of your competitors recently acquired ttheyir way into ttheir segment. And wtheyn ttheyy were asked about tthey ongoing transition of locations from a testing standpoint, ttheyy didn't seem quite as concerned in terms of relative to what Agilent has seen over tthey last couple of years. So theylp us kind of think about tthey kind of difference of opinion, shall we say?  Bob McMahon  Yes, and I think that that's a little different business than what we compete in. So we don't compete directly with that acquisition. And I think what we're seeing is over tthey course of tthey last three quarters, so for tthey benefit of tthey audience, what happened was a lot of tthey testing theirtorically had been done by government and government labs, so it was very centralized wtheyre we had a very strong penetration and share. What happened over tthey course of tthey last couple of years is actually a decentralization in pushing out testing to contract labs, that one, we had less penetration, less market share, and ttheyy were also more efficient. And so what we're seeing is a rebalancing in terms of our business, we're seeing our contract lab testing business actually growing at double-digit rates. But that's not enough to offset tthey decline that we've seen in testing and instrumentation on tthey centralized -- of tthey central labs. Long-term, what we've seen over tthey last three quarters is a stabilization of ttheir business, and we're expecting that to actually continue into FY '20 and see that theyadwind go away in ttheir new fiscal year. And ttheyn ultimately long-term we do expect food to continue to grow albeit perhaps not at tthey high levels that we had seen in tthey past. But if you think about what China is trying to do in terms of series of strategic priorities, improving quality around environmental standards, air, water, and ttheyn also improving ttheyir food, safety, improving ttheyir independence from an energy perspective as well as creating a self -- or internal pharmaceutical industry and not be reliant on Western companies, our products are really central to really theylping drive those strategic priorities for China. And so, we continue to invest in China. We're expecting it to be a faster grower in FY ‘20 than it was in FY ‘19 and continues to be a very important part of our business. Bill Quirk And you kind of touctheyd on last question, with last -- your response. You're right, small molecule business bounced back in China ttheir year. You talked about that increasing theyre in '20. Kind of theylp us think about maybe tthey duration of that cycle? How long should we think about that business extending? Bob McMahon  Yes. So, what happened in ttheyre, ttheir is tthey 4+7 program which was a tendering program that tthey central government was looking to do to reduce prices on generic side. What we saw in tthey second quarter was kind of a pause of purchasing of instrumentation. And once tthey winners were identified, we saw a bounce back in that Q3 and ttheyn in Q4 as well. And so, we're expecting ttheyre are multiple waves of ttheir because ttheir was only covering about 25 compounds. We expect tthey next wave to happen probably at tthey beginning of tthey calendar year of next year, so just in a few months. And we actually see ttheir as actually progressing fairly quickly through tthey cycle for two reasons. One is, tthey first program actually what you are seeing is ottheyr states and government, provinces and so forth, actually using that as reference to lower prices already. And so, what we're also seeing is a consolidation which actually moves to our strength. So wtheyn you think about tthey state of affairs so to speak in generic manufacturers in China for pharmaceutical products, ttheyre is by our count roughly 3,000 of ttheym. Tthey majority of tthey volume is made up of probably tthey top 20%. And wtheyn we look at our penetration wtheyre we're strongest is in tthey strongest multinationals as well as tthey Chinese manufacturers ttheyre, and those are tthey ones that have been winning tthey tenders, and we think that ttheir is a good thing for us long-term. Bill Quirk And if we think about tthey phase two and how many phases are ttheyre? Bob McMahon  That's a good question. I don't know.  Bill Quirk Understood. Understood. We can't answer everything ttheyse days, is that right? Bob McMahon  Yes. Bill Quirk Shifting gears a little bit to tthey upcoming election cycle theyre in tthey U.S., certainly as we kind of think about some of your macro end markets, I generally think about how tthey Diagnostic Group is fairly insulated irrespective of who emerges as tthey winner theyre next November. Biopharma is something that I think a number of us are keeping a fairly close eye on depending upon which candidate emerges from tthey democratic field. How is Agilent thinking about tthey ongoing or tthey upcoming rattheyr political dynamics? Bob McMahon  Yes. We are certainly keeping an eye on it. And we would share your perspective certainly on tthey diagnostics and that side of tthey clinical area, which is probably more insulated. And for biopharma in particular, we still see continued funding ttheyre and expect that to continue to grow in FY ‘20. It’s something that we're keeping a watch on. But I think wtheyn you think about some of tthey dynamics around science and all tthey clinical trials that are actually going on, I personally don't see that abating. Ttheyre's rtheytoric and ttheyn ttheyre's actually policy and implementation of policy. And I don't see that those things are necessarily correlated. And so we continue to make investments in our biopharam pipeline both from an instrumentation and application side, as well as very excited about some new products that are coming out or new capacity that's coming out on our Diagnostics and Genomics business that shows up in biopharma, which is kind of large molecule API. And we see that as a real catalyst and a growth driver for us in FY ‘20. So we're bullish on biopharma and tthey pharma market in general and we will continue to invest ttheyre.  Bill Quirk Any questions from tthey audience? Bob going back to tthey October earnings call, in tthey guidance for FY '20, ttheyre's a number of questions about given tthey NASD, new NASD facility, excuse me, coming online. So I think that tthey expectation from Tthey Street was tthey guidance that have been a little bit higtheyr than what it ultimately was and you certainly touctheyd on a few of tthey puts and takes with that particularly on ctheymical and energy. But I guess kind of bigger picture question is given NASD coming online biopharm doing -- obviously as part of biopharm doing very well, what was tthey pivot I guess or what kind of puttheyyd you towards more of 5% core growth consistent with 2019 rattheyr than …? Bob McMahon  Well, one, it's early in tthey year. And while we're really excited about tthey NASD facility, and for those who may not be as familiar with ttheir, ttheir is a oligos-based manufacturing for RNA-based ttheyrapeutics. And we have a facility today. We brought on a new facility, which effectively doubles our capacity. So our new facility -- our business was roughly a little over $100 million, ttheir has given us an opportunity to increase that to over $200 million or roughly $200 million over time.  We've assumed a ramp up in that in FY '20. And we're still early days, everything is very positive, not only from tthey market standpoint but I think we're taking a prudent approach in actually forecasting tthey slope of tthey ramp so to speak. We're expecting that, that can get up to full capacity by tthey end of tthey year. It certainly can go faster than that. It's not for lack of customer demand, it's really us making sure that we're providing and scaling up that in a very high quality manner for our customers.  Wtheyn you think about RNA-based ttheyrapeutics, you're seeing a significant amount -- all of our volume today is -- or tthey vast majority of our volume today is just based on clinical trial demand. And wtheyn you look at tthey clinical trial pipeline of RNA-based ttheyrapeutics, ttheyre's been a couple of ttheym that have been commercialized. But ttheyre's a significant amount of opportunity in tthey next several years of ttheyse products coming out. Now, we don't know which ones are going to get approved. But certainly some of tthey data for some of tthey late-stage trials have been very positive. And so we're excited about ttheir not only for FY '20 but FY '21 and beyond, because ttheir facility is actually scalable with additional capital. But I think we're taking a prudent or a conservative approach and more biased for upside than being aggressive right off tthey bat, so.  Bill Quirk And recognizing that tthey facility to your point was built with expansion in mind. And if memory serves, I believe tthey capacity of tthey current facility could actually -- tthey new facility, excuse me, can actually triple from tthey first train to tthey two additional ones. Just remind us of any event you see tthey demand hold ttheyre, and how quickly can Agilent respond to bring up additional capacity?  Bob McMahon  Yes. So, tthey facility, tthey ttheyyll was built out to your point to be able to extend tthey capacity from roughly $100 million to up to $300 million, depending on additional trains or different manufacturing lines. We can do that -- ttheir was a $185 million investment, we can do it for roughly a third of that for each line. And it's probably 12 to 18 months to get it fully up and running and operational.  Bill Quirk So you have two additional ones for tthey next one and ttheyn ttheyre’s an additional period of time? Bob McMahon  Yes, we probably would do it line-by-line as opposed to doing two lines at tthey same time. So it would be probably a 2020 decision. And ttheyn coming online sometime in '21, late '21 or early '22 fiscal year.  Bill Quirk And ttheyn one item that I think Mike was just trying to highlight on tthey most recent call was tthey -- a slightly tighter capital availability in certain end markets. Can you talk about ctheymical and energy, and maybe that's more wtheyre their comments directed. I guess could you theylp kind of unpack that for us? I appreciate that if you have tthey right products, you will be able to find capital, but I’m just trying to…?  Bob McMahon  Yes, that was wtheyre it was mainly. Wtheyn we think about our ctheymical and energy business, it’s actually, as I mentioned, it actually delivered 3% core growth in FY '19, which was right on expectations. Now, tthey way we got ttheyre was a little different. So, we actually had double-digit growth in our ACG business, really with tthey services on consumable side. And ttheyn our instrumentation was down slightly. And what we're forecasting in our plan next year is roughly flattish growth in ctheymical and energy. And that I think we're taking a prudent perspective ttheyre now.  We've got -- we're very excited about some of tthey portfolio that we have ttheyre. So, tthey biggest opportunity ttheyre is tthey new gas chromatograph line, and actually tthey uptake ttheyre has been exceeding our expectation in terms of ramp and uptake, which is good.  Now that being said, we always thought tthey opportunity, if that's a replacement cycle of an existing product, how can we actually pull forward some of tthey replacements and shorten tthey replacement cycle or actually gain share. And we're still early days because ttheyse are instruments that last 10 plus years. But we're really excited about tthey customer uptake ttheyre. And so I think that's tthey biggest area wtheyn we think about kind of tthey tightening of tthey capital market. Wtheyn we think about tthey ottheyr areas, I think we feel pretty good about it. And we're actually expecting a modest recovery in our instrumentation business next year. And again, we're planned for more.  Bill Quirk Okay, understood. Thank you for tthey clarification. You highlighted tthey ACG Group and tthey company has been bullish on CrossLab for quite some time. So can you theylp us think about tthey visibility into kind of deal flow and kind of what gives you that confidence that ttheir business can continue to grow above corporate average?  Bob McMahon  Yes, so last year was just a fantastic year, actually it was fantastic year on tthey back of several fantastic years. I mean it really grew 10%. And wtheyn you look at tthey markets, almost all of tthey markets grew 10% and all regions grew actually high-single-digits or higtheyr. So it was really broad-based across all markets and all geographies. And ttheir is a business that’s about two-thirds services, one-third consumables. And wtheyn you think about tthey opportunity theyre, what we've been able to do is two things which really gives us confidence that ttheir is sustainable going forward is, one is increase our attach rates. So we still are fairly low in terms of tthey attach rate wtheyn we sell an instrument, actually wtheyn we actually would have a service contract attactheyd to it, it's roughly in tthey low 20s and low to mid 20s depending on tthey platform. We think that ttheyre's an opportunity ttheyre to get that significantly higtheyr over time and within tthey proper incentives and actually what customers are asking for we are seeing that happen.  In addition, what we're also being able to do is actually upsell higtheyr versions of that service, wtheyn we actually do sell. So you get -- kind of got 2 for 1. So you're increasing tthey attach rate, but also tthey quality of service and tthey level of services higtheyr. And tthey reason for that is our instrumentation is becoming more soptheirticated, it's becoming smarter. So that's theylping drive efficiencies. But it's also creating a situation wtheyre it's harder to actually fix in tthey lab. And ttheyy don't want ttheyir scientists actually fixing ttheyse instruments, ttheyy want us to be able to do it.  So we think that ttheir is a multi-leg or a multi-year opportunity to continue to grow. If we look at some of our competitors, just to give you a frame, if we're in tthey mid-20s, low to mid 20s in terms of tthey attach rate, some of tthey best-in-class in our industry is in tthey 50% range, 50% to 60% range.  Bill Quirk So ttheyre’s no reason to think Agilent think of …?  Bob McMahon  No.  Bill Quirk No, Okay. That's great. Well, I'm afraid we’ve run out of time. So Bob, thank you so much for joining ttheir morning.  Bob McMahon  Thank you. Excellent. Thank you.