Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 22, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - Vice President, Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and CEO Bob McMahon - Senior Vice President and CFO Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Conference Call Participants Timothy Vatnsdal - JPMorgan Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Patrick Donnelly - Citi Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Mike Ryskin - Bank of America Thomas Peterson - Baird Dan Brennan - Cowen Paul Knight - KeyBanc Operator Hello. And welcome to tthey Q1 2022 Agilent Technologies Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joe, and I will be coordinating tthey call today. During tthey presentation you will have tthey opportunity to ask a question [Audio Gap] [Operator Instructions] I now have tthey pleasure [Technical Difficulty] Parmeet Ahuja [Technical Difficulty] Agilent President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob’s comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our Q1 financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today’s discussion, along with a recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today’s comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of January 31. As previously announced, beginning in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022, we implemented certain changes to our segment reporting structure. We have recast our theirtorical segment information to reflect ttheyse changes. Ttheyse changes have no impact on our company’s consolidated financial statements. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company’s recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet, and thanks everyone for joining our call today. Our momentum continues. Tthey Agilent team delivered a strong start to 2022 in Q1, exceeding tthey expectation of both tthey top and bottomline. Our Q1 revenues are $1.67 billion. Ttheir is up 9% core and up 8% reported. Ttheir is on top of growing 11% core in Q1 a year ago. Excluding COVID-19-related revenues, our core growth is even better at 10% ttheir quarter. We continue to see strength in our order book with robust order intake throughout tthey quarter. In fact, Q1 orders grew roughly twice as fast as revenues. Q1 operating margins are a theyalthy 26.3%, up 80 basis points from last year. Earnings per share of $1.21 are up 14%. Tthey EPS increases versus a tough comparison of 31% growth in tthey first quarter of 2021. Ttheyse strong results have been achieved in a very dynamic environment. I could not be more proud of tthey Agilent team’s ability to execute and deliver. Let’s take a closer look at some of what’s driving our strong results. Bob will go into more details later in tthey call, but our two largest markets continued strong double-digit growth. Our Pharma business, Agilent’s largest market, continues to lead tthey way for us, growing 17%. Global end market demand for our products and services remains very strong. Biopharma grew 32% while small molecule growth came in about at a robust 9%. Tthey momentum in our Ctheymical and Energy business also continues, delivering 15% growth in tthey quarter. Ttheir was driven by mid-teens revenue increases in Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials. PMIs remain positive, along with our overall outlook in tthey Ctheymicals, Energy and Advanced Materials markets. On a geographic basis, our results led by 13% growth in tthey Americas. Ttheir is on top of 13% growth in Q1 a year ago. China grew 3% on top of 25% growth in Q1 of last year and was impacted by tthey timing of Lunar New Year, as noted in our November call. Demand in China remained strong as orders grew high-teens in tthey first quarter. We continue to invest in China for China to furttheyr strengttheyn our ability to serve our customers. We recently announced a $20 million expansion of our Shanghai manufacturing center to meet growing demand for our locally made liquor chromatography, spectroscopy and mass spec systems. Looking at our performance by business unit, tthey Life Science and Applied Markets Group generated revenue of $976 million, an increase of 7% on a core basis. Ttheir is versus a 10% core growth in Q1 of 2021. LSAG’s growth was led by strength in tthey Pharma and Ctheymical and Energy markets. From a platform perspective, customer interest and purchases of our chromatography systems and mass spec offerings are very robust. Our ctheymistries and supplies business, which moved over from ACG ttheir year, continue to do very well, delivering double-digit growth. We also continue to invest and strategically partner for future growth. Late last week, we announced tthey acquisition of very exciting artificial intelligence technology that will be integrated into our industry-leading chromatography businesses. Ttheir technology has tthey potential to significantly improve lab growth productivity and accuracy by automating manual interpretational chromatography data. We believe that ttheir capability will be very well received by tthey high throughput labs Agilent serves around tthey world. Ttheir acquisition is an example of our build and buy growth strategy, as a complement to work, our internal R&D teams are going to develop ttheyse types of capabilities for ottheyr Agilent platforms. During tthey quarter, we also announced a partnership with Lonza to integrate Agilent’s analytics technologies and techniques into Lonza’s Cocoon Platform cell ttheyrapy manufacturing workflow. Tthey collaboration has tthey potential to transform tthey way personalized cell ttheyrapies are manufactured. In addition, to ensure we can meet tthey strong and growing demand for our cell analysis offerings, we also recently announced plans to invest more than $30 million for tthey construction of a new manufacturing site in Chicopee, Massachusetts. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted services revenue of $359 million. Ttheir is up 10% core against a 11% Q1 2021 core growth compare. Ttheir growth is broad-based with strength in service contracts, preventive maintenance, compliance, education and informatic enterprise services. Our focus on providing a differentiated customer experience that leverages our large-scale and talented customer support team continues to pay off. Our connect rates continue to improve and our installed base continues to expand, both boding well for continued strength in our services business. Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenue of $339 million, up 14% core versus Q1 2021 core growth of 15%. Our excellent growth is broad-based across pathology, genomics and NASD. Our Pathology business grew roughly 10% with strength across all regions. Our core genomics business grew low-teens, with strength in target enrichment and our genomics quality control product lines. Tthey NASD team continues to deliver, driving 45% plus growth in tthey quarter. Meanwhile, tthey additional capacity expansion at our Frederick GMP oligo manufacturing facility continues to proceed as planned. We continue to expect ttheir capacity to come on line by tthey end of calendar year 2022. Our Resolution Bioscience team achieved a major milestone in tthey first quarter by completing tthey pre-market approval submission for tthey Resolution ctDx FIRST liquid biopsy assay as a companion diagnostic. Ttheir was done in conjunction with Mirati Ttheyrapeutics for non-small cell lung cancer and is currently under review by tthey FDA. It is tthey first of what we hope will be several indications for liquid biopsy assays. I am pleased with how we have started tthey year. Building on our Q1 results, continued order strength and execution prowess, we are increasing our full year financial guidance. We are raising our core growth guidance to a range of 7% to 8%, up 125 basis points at tthey mid-point from our prior guidance. Fiscal year 2022 non-GAAP EPS guidance is increased to a range of $4.80 per share to 4.90 per share, growing 11% to 13% over last year. Bob will be providing tthey Q2 outlook along with more detail on our improved full year guidance. We are very pleased with our Q1 results and looking forward to anottheyr strong quarter and year atheyad. I am also very confident in our team and our ability to execute and deliver for our customers and shareholders, no matter what tthey challenge. Thank you for being on tthey call today and I look forward to taking your questions later. However, for right now, I will now hand tthey call off to Bob. Bob? Bob McMahon Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue, take you through tthey income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics. I will ttheyn finish up with our improved outlook for tthey full year and our guidance for tthey second quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. As Mike described, we posted very strong results in Q1 and exceeded expectations. Revenue was $1.6 billion -- $1.67 billion, up a reported 8.1%. Core growth was even better at 8.9% as we overcame a greater than expected negative exchange rate impact of 1.3 points, while M&A added 0.5 point to growth. Q1 core growth was 170 basis points higtheyr than tthey top end of our guidance. In addition, after adjusting for tthey 1-point theyadwind due to COVID-19 revenues, our core growth outside of COVID was roughly 10%, and as Mike said, order growth was even better. Again, a very strong start to tthey year. Now moving to our end-market performance, our results were driven by a continuation of strong growth in Pharma, led by Biopharma, while momentum in Ctheymical and Energy and strong results in Diagnostics and Clinical also led tthey way for us in Q1. Our largest market, Pharma grew 17% during tthey quarter, on top of 20% growth last year. Tthey small molecule subsegment delivered high single-digit growth, while large molecule continued its strong performance growing 32%. We are seeing our ongoing investments in biopharma paying off as demand was strong throughout tthey quarter. We continue to believe in tthey long-term growth potential of tthey Pharma market and that our business will drive above market growth. Ctheymical and Energy continued to show strength, growing 15% during tthey quarter. Growth in Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials led tthey way, and we expect continued growth in ttheir business.  Diagnostics and Clinical grew 11% on top of 9% growth last year, with all three business groups again expanding revenues nicely during tthey quarter. Our expansion of LC/MS equipment into tthey clinical space continues to do well. And our growth in China was particularly strong, increasing more than 30% as we continue to penetrate ttheir market. Tthey academia and government market was flat in Q1. Tthey business remained resilient despite omicron impacts in tthey U.S. as some universities delayed in-person learning in tthey period following tthey holiday break in December and reduced lab activity in January. We have seen lab activity improve into February and believe tthey funding environment remains positive. Tthey Food segment declined low-single digits against a very strong 22% growth comparison from last year. Tthey Americas were a bright spot for us, growing in tthey mid-teens, while Europe was flat and China down due to difficult comparisons and Lunar New Year timing. Closing out on tthey performance of tthey markets, environmental and forensics, our smallest market was down 11%. For Agilent overall on a geographic basis, all regions again grew in Q1, led by tthey Americas at 13% and Europe at 6%. China grew 3% on top of 25% in Q1 last year, in addition to tthey effect of Lunar New Year timing, which should benefit us in Q2. Now turning to tthey rest of tthey P&L, first quarter gross margin was 56.1%, up 30 basis points from a year ago. Our team has done a good job increasing productivity and pricing has theylped offset higtheyr input and logistics costs. Operating margins of 26.3% increased 80 basis points even as we have increased our R&D investments. Our investments in digital technology for our internal operations also continue to pay off as we leverage our infrastructure across tthey company using our One Agilent approach. Our tax rate of 14.25% came in as expected and we had 303 million diluted shares outstanding, slightly lower than projected. Putting it all togettheyr, we delivered EPS of $1.21, up 14% versus last year after growing 31% in Q1 of fiscal 2021. We continued to produce strong operating cash flow, generating $255 million in tthey quarter, beating our forecast, while we also invested $75 million in capital expenditures during Q1. And during tthey quarter, we took advantage of market volatility to repurchase $447 million worth of shares. We also paid out $63 million in dividends, returning a combined total of $510 million to shareholders. Our balance ttheyyet remains very theyalthy with a net leverage ratio of 0.9 times and given current market conditions, we expect to continue to be aggressive in deploying capital. Now, let’s move on to our improved full year guidance and our outlook for tthey second quarter. As Mike indicated, we are raising our full year core revenue growth to an expected range of 7% to 8%, up from our initial guide in November of 5.5% to 7%. Excluding tthey COVID related 0.5-point theyadwind ttheir year, ttheir results in core growth of 7.5% to 8.5%. Tthey new guidance takes into account our strong Q1 results and an improved outlook for tthey rest of tthey year on a core basis. While we have increased our core growth expectations, tthey dollar has strengttheyned considerably, doubling tthey estimated exchange rate theyadwinds from our initial guide to $110 million for tthey year, while tthey M&A impact remains relatively unchanged. Putting it all togettheyr, we are expecting full year revenues to be between $6.67 billion and $6.73 billion. In addition, we have increased our EPS guidance for tthey full year to $4.80 per share to $4.90 per share, up from tthey previous range of $4.76 per share to $4.86 per share and representing 11% to 13% growth versus fiscal year 2021. For Q2, we are expecting revenue to range from $1.595 billion to $1.625 billion. Ttheir represents core growth between 7% and 9% after adjusting for an expected 0.5-point impact related to COVID year-on-year and we expect reported growth in tthey range of 4.6% to 6.6%. Exchange rates are expected to have a negative impact of about 2.3% in tthey quarter while M&A is expected to contribute 0.3 points to growth. And closing out our Q2 guidance, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.10 to $1.12, up 13% to 15% versus tthey prior year. Ttheir is based on a 14.25% tax rate and 303 million diluted shares outstanding. Again, tthey Agilent team performed extremely well in Q1 and with tthey solid growth we are seeing in orders and tthey team’s willingness and ability to take on every challenge that comes ttheyir way, I am confident that Q2 and our full year results will also be strong. With that, Parmeet, back to you for Q&A. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Bob. Joe, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Of course. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for tthey call today comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Tycho, your line is open. Timothy Vatnsdal Great. Hi. Ttheir is Timothy on for Tycho. Thanks for taking tthey question. So, first off, great to theyar tthey… Mike McMullen Hi, Timothy. Timothy Vatnsdal … about companion diagnostic package for FDA review. So can you just give us tthey expected time line for wtheyn you think you will get that back and if anything is expected in contribution for ttheir guide for 2022? Mike McMullen Timothy, thanks for that question. I am going to pass it over to Sam. Sam Raha Yeah. Timothy, thank you very much for tthey question. We are very excited about having completed all tthey modules and made tthey submission for tthey companion diagnostic related to Mirati’s adagrasib. As you know now, we have done what we need to and we will engage with tthey FDA as ttheyy come back with questions. We can’t -- we don’t exactly are able to control tthey time line, and as you likely know, tthey actual approval would be very much tied to tthey approval of tthey drug itself, which of course, we have no control over eittheyr. But we are very excited about tthey progress. Bob McMahon Yeah. I would say, Timothy… Timothy Vatnsdal Okay. And ttheyn… Bob McMahon …to tthey following question. Mike McMullen Timothy, I think, Bob had to build on that. Bob McMahon Yeah. Just to build on that as… Timothy Vatnsdal Yeah. Bob McMahon As was recently disclosed, tthey PDUFA date is sctheyduled for tthey end of ttheir fiscal -- calendar year. So ttheyre’s not any material revenue associated with ttheir built into our fiscal year guide, but we are very excited about tthey opportunity in 2023 and beyond. Timothy Vatnsdal Noted. And ttheyn, for tthey updated guide, can you just give us a rundown on tthey updated outlook by end market for what’s assumed in tthey new guide? Mike McMullen For tthey full year or second quarter, Timothy? Timothy Vatnsdal Both would actually be great. Mike McMullen Yeah. I am going to let tthey witness, Bob. Bob McMahon Yeah. So, I think very similar to what we had talked about at tthey very beginning of tthey year. Tthey two strongest markets will continue to be our Pharma and Ctheymical and Energy market. I think, as we look at those, certainly, both of ttheym performed better than we expected in Q1 and our expectation is that, those will continue to be tthey driver of growth for tthey full year, with Pharma probably at a roughly double-digit growth and Ctheymical and Energy about that high single-digit, double-digit growth as well, and ttheyn, followed very closely by Diagnostics in -- at high single-digits. And ttheyn food, environmental and academia and government are probably in tthey low-to-mid single digits, which is pretty consistent with our expectations at tthey beginning of tthey year. And it’s slightly different, but same directional for Q2 with Pharma probably being a little stronger. Timothy Vatnsdal Got it. And ttheyn, for Ctheymical and Energy, can you just talk about if you see any risk coming from Russia and Ukraine, and ttheyn also, if you could just touch on that decline 11% ttheir quarter in environmental. How much of a theyadwind with COVID for that segment or is ttheyre anything else underlying in that market that’s really changed relative to your prior expectation? Mike McMullen Yeah. I would say, for Ctheymical and Energy, as you know, I mean, our business is really globally based. And so as of right now, we don’t see any material impact to tthey Ctheymical and Energy market or our forecast going forward. Obviously, we are watching that closely. And ttheyn, I think for environmental and forensics, it’s our smallest market and can be lumpy. Ttheyre was some impact associated with Chinese Lunar or Lunar New Year in China. But we haven’t seen any impact ttheyre. What I would say is we are starting to see some of tthey disbursements more in our order funnel than in revenue associated with tthey Infrastructure Initial Bill theyre in tthey United States. So I wouldn’t read anything into it in terms of changing in fundamental demand. Timothy Vatnsdal Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike McMullen You are very welcome. Operator Our next question today comes from Matttheyw Sykes from Goldman Sachs. Matttheyw, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey guys. Ttheir is Dave on for Matt. It was great to see tthey strength in biopharma end market. It’s impressive given tthey challenging funding market for ttheyse biotech firms. Any additional color you can give on what you are seeing in tthey biotech end market and productivity ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yeah. Dave, first of all, thanks for tthey recognition. We are really pleased with that 32% growth print and we see tthey underlying demand remaining strong. And Bob, I think, it’s fair to say, we haven’t release any impact at all from … Bob McMahon No. Mike McMullen …what maybe happened in tthey biotech funding arena. Bob McMahon Yeah. We are very excited about our portfolio and how it plays into that space and are believing that that strong growth will continue going forward. Unidentified Analyst Fantastic. And any additional color on tthey drivers of tthey strong margin expansion in LSAG and how sustainable is ttheir margin expansion over tthey rest of tthey year? Bob McMahon Yeah. I will jump in ttheyre. it -- yeah, tthey team has done a fantastic job really driving margin and if we look at it, it’s a combination of being able to cover our costs from tthey standpoint of tthey increased logistics and material costs, as well as very strong management discipline in tthey operating expenses. So it’s a combination of being successful in our price, which we had talked about before and covering those costs, as well as being able to leverage kind of our infrastructure across all three of tthey groups. Mike McMullen And Bob, I think, you also called out tthey digital investments we are making. So that’s in particular showing up through tthey SG&A line as we leverage digital investments. Unidentified Analyst Fantastic. Congrats on tthey quarter, guys. Mike McMullen Thanks, Dave. Most appreciated. Operator Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay, please go atheyad. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter theyre. Mike McMullen Hey, Vijay. Vijay Kumar And thanks for taking my question. Mike McMullen Thank you. Vijay Kumar Bob, maybe one near-term question theyre on tthey second quarter guide. Tthey 200 basis points range, that’s wider than your normal -- typical range, your annual guidance range is 100 basis points, any reason for a wider branch and it comes to it really hard in 2Q. So I am curious, what’s giving you tthey confidence to get to that upper end of 8.5%, which would imply sequentially flattish with 1Q trends? Bob McMahon Yeah. So let me take tthey second part first. As Mike mentioned in tthey call, our demand continues to be very strong and we actually had order growth that exceeded revenue growth almost 2x and that gives us confidence around tthey order book going into Q2 really across multiple end markets. And so that gives us tthey ability to deliver tthey -- or expected to deliver tthey high growth in Q2. In regards to tthey range, ttheyre are still uncertainties out ttheyre, as Omicron continues to impact, mainly Asia right now and ttheyn some ottheyr uncertainties. So I think that’s just taking a little wider lens, but we still feel good about tthey business for tthey full year. Mike McMullen Yeah. I appreciate tthey recognition, I think, Bob, what we posted 19% core last year. Bob McMahon Yeah. Mike McMullen So I appreciate that recognition, Vijay. And as Bob mentioned, tthey book of business is really quite strong, plus also our services business is really strong Diagnostics. So tthey recurring revenue side of tthey house is quite strong. Vijay Kumar That’s theylpful, Mike. And maybe on tthey comment on tthey acquisition contribution theyre in tthey second quarter, it seems to be sequentially down. Is ttheyre any seasonality to that business and what is tthey guide assuming for -- you didn’t note tthey strong order book for 2Q? Is tthey guide assuming perhaps tthey order book momentum tapers down in tthey back half? Bob McMahon Yeah. No. It doesn’t. Ttheyre is an element of getting tougtheyr comps, but tthey momentum continues. I would say for Q2, it’s more timing than anything else relative to tthey M&A. It is down slightly sequentially, but I would say, in tthey overall sctheyme of things, not material. Vijay Kumar Got it. Thanks, guys. Mike McMullen You are very welcome. Operator Up next we have a question from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Brandon, your line is open.  Brandon Couillard Hey. Good afternoon. Mike, on tthey… Mike McMullen Hi, Brandon. Brandon Couillard …AI acquisition, it sounds interesting. It’s definitely a buzzword. Would you expect to be making incremental investments with ttheir deal and could you just comment on how and why tthey AI tools are kind of used in tthey instrumentation today and wtheyn you sort of expect ttheir to be, I guess, more of a reality of feature? Mike McMullen Yeah. Brandon, happy to do so. I am going to actually invite Jacob on tthey response theyre, because, yeah, we theyar a lot about tthey buzzwords and wtheyn tthey team first came to be and started talking about ttheir opportunity, we said, well, in actuality, ttheyre’s a lot more than buzzwords theyre. We actually have some lighthouse customers using ttheir capability already. And as you theyar from Jacob, it really drives productivity for those high volume labs. So we think for certain segments market, ttheir is actually going to be a reality. And Jacob, why don’t you, why don’t you build on my comments ttheyre, if you don’t mind? Jacob Thaysen Yeah. Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Brandon. I am very excited about ttheir also on bringing tthey best control team theyre into Agilent. It might be a buzzword, but we have really seen that it really makes a difference. And first of all, it fits very well into an informatic strategy, wtheyre we are all about digitalizing tthey lab and create that deal inside both scientifically and productivity wise for our customers. Here, tthey first product realization, which has already been prototype, we are aiming to what a part of tthey -- that is very prone for AI right now and that is really tthey manual interpretation of commercial graft, as Mike also mentioned. Usually, labs are spending a highly trained ctheymist to go out and do manual peak integration, which is tedious process. And you can imagine if you have a high volume lab, ttheyre’s a lot of investment going into ttheir area. And active virtual control theyre have already proven with tthey customers that ttheyy can take a substantial part of that work and actually automate that. So we are very glad about that. We are going after tthey PCMs business first. We have a substantial installed base and we actually believe that we can implement ttheir theyre in tthey second part of fiscal 2022.  Now long-term, we do believe ttheyre’s a great opportunity to provide those algorithms also across our analytical platforms and also for ottheyr applications like QC release and predictive maintenance and all things. So even though it’s tthey buzzword, ttheyre is a lot of real products behind ttheir and I am very excited about it. Mike? Mike McMullen Thanks, Jacob. Brandon Couillard Thanks. Just one follow-up for Bob. Just if you could just elaborate a little bit more about tthey book-to-bill in tthey first quarter and ttheyn a couple just housekeeping, was tthey Lunar New Year impact kind of in line with tthey plan, and I think, last quarter you talked about… Bob McMahon Yes. Brandon Couillard … $15 million of kind of delayed orders, were all those recouped in tthey first quarter, just kind of an update on that? Bob McMahon Brandon, as usual, your notes are quite accurate and so let me address a couple of those things. So tthey Lunar New Year impact came in kind of as we anticipated, which should come back into Q2. That transit time or that $15 million that came in, but we haven’t seen really tthey improvement. So that’s still opportunities in tthey second half of ttheir year. Our end of tthey quarter coincided with tthey large snowstorm in tthey U.S., but tthey shipments were out and we still were able to deliver. In terms of tthey first question was about Lunar. Mike McMullen I think on both. Bob McMahon Yeah. Okay. I think on both. Brandon, we missed something? Brandon Couillard No. Just if you quantify tthey book-to-bill, if you are really? Bob McMahon Oh! Yeah. Yeah. Quantify tthey book-to-bill. Yeah. Mike McMullen You are right. Bob McMahon I knew that ttheyre was something else. I was trying to avoid that one on purpose, because we are not going to provide that. But what I can tell you is that, tthey growth rate of our orders was twice as much as tthey revenue growth, and I would say, our backlog is tthey higtheyst it’s ever been. Mike McMullen And Brandon, ttheir is Mike. I would just add one comment. Ttheyre is one word in my script. I really want to make sure that I emphasize theyre throughout tthey quarter. So ttheir wasn’t just a calendar December year end kind of story. We saw ttheir order strength throughout tthey entirety of our fiscal Q1. Brandon Couillard Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Puneet Souda from SVB Leerink. Puneet, your line is open. Puneet Souda Yes. Hi, Mike and Bob. Thanks for taking tthey question. So, tthey first one is just a follow-up on tthey order book. I am wondering if you can quantify that, obviously, that’s been growing strongly. And maybe just theylp us understand, once said, you have tthey strong order book, you have confidence in tthey rest of, I mean, tthey guide throughout tthey year based on what you are providing. But maybe just talk to us about tthey sort of tthey cadence wise in terms of supply chains. Obviously, we are theyaring -- we have a number of questions that we get on supply chains frequently. So just wondering what’s your level of confidence on tthey supply chain and turning those order books into orders? Mike McMullen Yeah. So, first of all, I’d say, that tthey supply chain environment continues to be quite challenging. On tthey ottheyr hand, I remain quite confident, because our team has found ways to continue to navigate through those and meeting tthey expectations of customers terms to delivery times. In fact, if I recall correctly, our order cancellation was actually lower ttheir year than prior year. So while I don’t want to imply that it’s all sunny out ttheyre in terms of tthey supply chain, we have been working on ttheir thing for a while. I mean many quarters ago, we were working on ttheir quarter and tthey second half of ttheir year. So while tthey environment remains challenged externally, I remain confident in our ability to actually get product to customers wtheyn ttheyy need it. Bob McMahon Yeah. Puneet to your first question on tthey quantification, we are not going to provide that ottheyr than what I had answered… Mike McMullen Yeah. That one, Bob. But we did find tthey 2x order growth rate versus revenue. Puneet Souda Got it. Fair. And in terms of cell analysis, Mike, I mean, that franctheire has been growing. You highlighted Lonza, tthey Cocoon platform, a couple of ottheyr capabilities. Maybe can you -- I know at one point, you had sort of quantified that business. I am wondering if you can do that again and what sort of growth rates you are seeing ttheyre and what’s tthey expectation ttheir year given tthey acceleration you are seeing in overall in biomolecules? Thank you. Mike McMullen Yeah. Thanks for that question. We love to talk about tthey cell analysis. It’s been a really great addition to tthey company over tthey years and we continue to grow and expand that. So, first of all, I’d say, that business remains to be very theyalthy. We are seeing really good strong end market demand. And Bob I think for tthey year, we are expecting tthey double-digit growth out of tthey cell analysis business. And really excited and tthey fact that, in addition to tthey manufacturing expansion we had in Chicopee, that kind of gives you an indication of our confidence in future growth. And I believe we are close to, Bob and Jacob, close a north of $400 million for ttheir business? Bob McMahon Ttheir year. Mike McMullen Ttheir year. Yeah. Bob McMahon Forecast for ttheir year. Mike McMullen Yeah. Bob McMahon Yeah. Puneet Souda Got it. Super theylpful guys. All right. Thank you. Mike McMullen You are very welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Citi. Patrick, your line is open. Patrick Donnelly Hey. Thanks for tthey questions guys. Mike McMullen Hey, Patrick. Patrick Donnelly Mike, maybe one on China, between tthey tough comp… Mike McMullen Sure. Patrick Donnelly … Lunar New Year, obviously, a few layers ttheyre. Can you just talk about, I guess, tthey core performance is going to stripping that out a little bit, what you are seeing ttheyre, what you saw through… Mike McMullen Got it. Patrick Donnelly … to your point ttheyre throughout tthey quarter, I guess, tthey cadence and ttheyn tthey expectations going forward ttheyre as well, just between tthey different markets ttheyre. Just curious what’s going on? Mike McMullen Yeah. It’s interesting. Sometimes you can get kind of diverted on tthey theyadlines out of China, because our business remains quite strong and we are seeing good strength in pharma has really been a key driver for us, which Bob highlighted in tthey script. But also our Diagnostics business, DDG grew, I think, over 40% in tthey first quarter, services growth in tthey mid-teens. So ottheyr things that I have talked to you about, which is, in addition to continuing to grow and strengttheyn our instrumentation portfolio market share in China. We have also been talking about our ability to grow our ACG business in China with that large installed base and tthey fact that we have theirtorically viewed ourselves of being underpenetrated in Diagnostic and Genomics, and we are really starting to see traction on both of those growth factors. So, again, we feel really confident about tthey state of tthey China business, because we don’t have tthey order book we have, but also ttheyse ottheyr areas of recurring revenue are really growing, growing well for us and we continue to invest for our customers in China, as I mentioned in my call script. So I think ttheyre’s a lot to like about tthey opportunities in our business in China. Bob McMahon Yeah. Patrick, just one ottheyr thing, we -- while we grew 3% as we mentioned, if we add back in kind of tthey Lunar New Year estimate, it was high-single digits, which was in our -- in line with what we had expected and our expectation is that, that’s going to be for tthey full year as well. Now Q2 will be stronger than that, obviously, as it comes back and we also saw mid-teen -- mid-to-high-teens growth in orders in Q1. Patrick Donnelly Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just on tthey academic government market. You are not alone, obviously, calling that out as being a little sluggish to come back. Maybe just what you saw ttheyre in January, Mike, I know you called out tthey remote learning maybe caused a little more of a pause even as we go into 2022? And ttheyn just expectations ttheyre going forward, you expect tthey market to kind of normalize a little bit and what are you theyaring from customers on that front? Mike McMullen Yeah. Thanks for that, Patrick. We saw -- we see tthey Omicron impact is transitory. We saw that in tthey U.S., for example, and we would expect to, I think, Bob, you called out in tthey script back to normal kind of levels in February. So we actually expect tthey environment to improve over tthey year. I think we are flattish for Q1. But, Bob, I think, we are calling for mid-singles or so growth for tthey full year. So that would imply a pickup in growth in ttheir segment later on ttheir year. Bob McMahon Yeah. I mean, for everything that we see, Patrick, funding levels continue in activity within our order book continues to be strong. So it not as strong obviously as tthey Pharma and C&E areas, which are leading tthey growth in tthey Diagnostics, but we are not seeing any fundamentally different performance in that market going forward. Patrick Donnelly That’s theylpful. Thank you, guys. Mike McMullen You are very welcome. Operator Up next we have a question from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Jack, your line is open. Jack Meehan Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Jack. Jack Meehan I was hoping you could elaborate on tthey pricing actions you are taking in tthey market? How do ttheyy compare to kind of normal periods and what areas of tthey portfolio have you had success wtheyn it comes to pricing? Bob McMahon Yeah. I will take that, Jack. And I think we mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey year that we were estimating roughly a point of growth associated with that was about half of what we had seen normally to cover tthey increased costs, and what I would say is, through Q1 we are atheyad of sctheydule, which is good. Jack Meehan Okay. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr area I was hoping you had an update on is NASD, so over 45% growth in tthey quarter. Maybe just any update to what your guidance is for tthey full year? It seems like you are tracking atheyad of sctheydule theyre and just wtheyn tthey new line opens up, just what sort of pace you expect to be able to take advantage of that capacity? Bob McMahon Yeah. I was going to say, we -- tthey team continues to do a fantastic job and continues to drive even more revenue and product out of tthey existing capacity and it was a great first quarter and slightly atheyad of our expectations. We had expected double-digit growth and that continues to be our expectation before tthey new train, Train B comes online at tthey end of ttheir calendar year. And tthey order book continues to be strong. That team continues to actually build tthey order book for 2023 and building that demand for that train. So we are extremely excited about that business and are looking forward to not only bringing that up, but also looking for ottheyr ways to expand our capacity. Mike McMullen Absolutely. Jack Meehan Thank you, Bob. Bob McMahon Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Derik, please go atheyad. Mike Ryskin Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Ttheir is Mike on for Derik. Mike McMullen Hi, Mike. Mike Ryskin I want to ask a little bit on tthey -- theyy -- I want to ask a little bit on tthey Diagnostics and tthey Clinical end markets. In particular, you called out sort of tthey expansion of our CNS [ph] into some of tthey applications theyre and you are seeing a new vector of clinical growth theyre. I was wondering if you could elaborate on that. Just sort of what are tthey specific drivers you are seeing ttheyre and wtheyre some of that uptick happening. Mike McMullen Yeah. I am going to pass it over to Jacob for some more details theyre. But also I would also just remind, we also had a very good print on tthey pathology side of our Diagnostics business. But I think you will theyar from, Jacob, LC/MS is an indication of some future traction, we are already getting some good growth. So, Jacob, your thoughts ttheyre? Jacob Thaysen Yeah. Absolutely. We have closed tthey year have a good LC/MS Clinical business in U.S. But over tthey past year, we have also expanded ourselves into China, really good tractions. We both have our own product line ttheyre, our direct sales, but we also have an OEM partner. So in that sense we are both addressing tthey customers that we know, but also a lot of customers that we want to get access to. And that’s been quite successful and theynce we are right now looking to expand tthey portfolio even furttheyr. We have tthey Ultivo, of course, with our LC connected and we are looking to ottheyr parts of our portfolio, both within LC/MS, but also beyond LC/MS theyre over tthey next period of time. But we do see China as a great opportunity, but theyre over tthey next over time, we will also enter into ottheyr areas like Europe and ottheyr places. Mike McMullen And Jacob, on tthey Ultivo, what I think tthey customers love tthey combination of performance and tthey size of tthey footprint really fits nicely into tthey diagnostic lab. Jacob Thaysen Yeah. Exactly. We spent a lot of energy of both making it a size that fits very well into tthey LC stack. But more than that we also made it more easy to work with. So it’s actually an ease-of-use solution. So we are very excited about that and even better tthey customers are also super excited about that. I do want to mention also that we also have a strong Clinical business within tthey flow cytometry. With tthey Ultivo business that continues to drive growth and particularly China, wtheyre we see a lot of demand ttheyre also. As you might recall, tthey flow cytometry from tthey LC business is really focused on decentralized lab also again with ease-of-use and we see a lot of interest in that. And I do expect also that U.S. will be a future market for us theyre. Mike Ryskin Great. I appreciate that. Any color you can give us just real quick on sort of how meaningful LC/MS is within that 15% of your exposure? Is it just to give us a sense of tthey scale of that relative to genomics and cancer diagnostics and pathology things like that? Mike McMullen Bob, do you want to take it or do you want me to? Bob McMahon Yeah. Yeah. I will take it. It is still relatively small but growing very fast, which tthey market itself is quite large and so tthey opportunity theyre is really in front of us going forward. Mike Ryskin Great. And if I could ask a quick follow-up on -- just on tthey capital deployment side… Mike McMullen Sure. Mike Ryskin … and on M&A. Obviously, you have done some smaller deals in tthey last couple of years and you continue to invest in new technologies and you have got some, you have had M&A deployed into sort of Life Science Solutions and cell analysis. You have had things in liquid biopsy and now artificial intelligence. So it’s kind of showcase that you can deploy capital in a variety of different markets. But just looking at wtheyre tthey balance ttheyyet is now, any thought on larger acquisitions and sort of scaling up to do a bigger deal? And what excites you, what markets would you be looking to? What’s -- so how would you go about starting to deploy that capital? Mike McMullen Yeah. Sure. Happy to address that, Mike. So I appreciate, by tthey way, tthey recognition of tthey variety of wtheyre we deploy capital. But ttheyre’s a consistent ttheyme across wtheyre we deploy capital, which is high growth end markets, which will drive increase to tthey overall core growth of tthey company in places wtheyre we can leverage tthey scale and tthey capabilities we have in tthey company to really make those businesses even more successful. So I think ttheyre’s a timing kind of an underlying ttheyme behind all those acquisitions. So that would continue to be our ttheysis and our approach, as well as staying focused in tthey private sector, which we think ttheyre’s -- really fits well tthey Agilent model and often tthey potential acquired companies and leadership teams really find tthey Agilent culture, a good place to be and ttheyy also see how well we have done with previous acquisitions. So we have got a track record as well that ttheyy can point to. And I am on record saying that, we wanted to deploy our balance ttheyyet as part of our overall growth story. It’s part of what we have been calling our build and buy growth strategy. And as you may know, tthey largest deal that we have done to date has been -- was tthey acquisition of BioTek, but we believe we can do multiples of that deal and be willing to deploy capital if tthey right opportunity comes along for us. Mike Ryskin Okay. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Thomas Peterson from Baird. Thomas, your line is open. Thomas Peterson Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike McMullen Sure. Thomas Peterson Just wanted to circle back on Pharma and just wanted to know if you had seen any benefit within Pharma from both onshoring activities and manufacturing redundancies and kind of, if so, wtheyre has ttheir tailwind been and what are your expectations for any potential durability theyre? Mike McMullen Great question. So I think ttheir is actually a story both for tthey Pharma, as well as elements of our Ctheymical and Energy business. And I’d say right now, not yet material in terms of order book or revenue, but we believe it’s coming.  Ttheyre’s a lot of discussions with customers that are building new capacity. I would say it’s probably more of a 2023 kind of event. But I think it speaks to tthey durability of growth that we think we have in Agilent’s two largest end markets. So we are theyaring lots of discussions about dual sources of critical components, onshoring of previously offshore critical supply chain elements. So I think tthey continued supply chain challenges that tthey world is seeing is only putting more emphasis on that direction. So I’d say right now, it’s in tthey longer term planning phase. As you know, tthey analytical laboratory instrumentation is often tthey last thing that’s added wtheyn ttheyy bring on new capacity, but we believe it’s coming, but it’s not been material yet to tthey company’s performance. Thomas Peterson Great. That’s super theylpful. And maybe just to finish for me, just any updated thoughts on tthey One Agilent commercial organization transition? Anything that surprised you relative to expectations, sort of how is that incorporation gone internally? Mike McMullen Yeah. So I am going to have Padraig jump in theyre with some additional specifics. As you know, I have asked Padraig to take on ttheir role in addition to their leading tthey overall Agilent Services business. But we are just delighted with tthey start of ttheir new structure and I think I always say tthey proofs in tthey results and we are off to a good start with tthey fact that we had such a strong Q1 order book throughout tthey quarter. And Padraig, I know it’s been just a few months wtheyre you have been pulling your team togettheyr and but I think you are already starting to work with customers differently and maybe you could share some of your thoughts theyre. Padraig McDonnell Yeah. Thanks, Mike. I think we are starting to see tthey benefit of an enterprise approach to both sales and service, and tthey associated functions, and of course, selling tthey complete Agilent solution to customers, which includes instruments, services and consumers with aligned sales approach is really giving us a lot of scale with customers. We are also seeing a doubling down on our investment in our digital interaction with customers and we continue to see strong momentum with accelerating digital growth of about 25%. So great start, Mike, and more to come. Thomas Peterson Okay. Operator Our next question comes from Dan Brennan from Cowen. Dan, your line is open. Dan Brennan Hey, Mike and Bob, thanks for taking tthey questions. Congrats. Mike McMullen Sure, Dan. Dan Brennan I was hoping to go back to C&E, Mike, could you or Bob... Mike McMullen Sure. Dan Brennan …unpack -- kind of unpack tthey customers ttheyre, Ctheymical R&M, can you just kind of give us a flavor for what you are seeing? I know tthey question was asked earlier about tthey impact of what’s going on. But just wondering, as oil price spikes in tthey past, kind of what kind of impact have you seen if tthey oil price spike is sustained? Mike McMullen Yeah. I’d say if you look at tthey three sub-segments of tthey C&E marketplace, we often talk about tthey Ctheymicals, Energy and Advanced Materials market. I think it’s tthey Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials market segments that are driving tthey growth theyre. Now ttheyoretically, wtheyn -- although, be it now much -- it’s a very small part of tthey total number ttheyse days, higtheyr oil prices would tend to lead to more investment in that Energy segment portion of tthey whole market segment. But I can’t remember tthey exact percentage. I know it’s evolved a bit over time. But I think what’s most interest to us is how does tthey world view global growth were PMI. So, yes, I think, tthey higtheyst correlation of growth in ttheir segment relate to PMI and tthey global growth outlook. But we would -- ttheyre could be some more money to invest in exploration, perhaps, if oil prices stay high, but it’s really also really driven by tthey PMI view. That’s why ttheyy still remain positive and that’s why we are optimistic about our ability to grow ttheir overall market throughout tthey rest of ttheir year. Bob McMahon Yeah. Dan, to build on what Mike was saying, if we looked at those three big areas, over 90% or roughly 90% of our C&E business is actually Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials. And so tthey Energy piece is an important component, but that demand around new types of Ctheymicals, Advanced Materials and so forth is really what’s driving it… Mike McMullen Yeah. Bob McMahon And so wtheyttheyr it be batteries and ottheyr areas around ttheyse is tthey growth driver today. Dan Brennan Got it. Thanks guys. And ttheyn, just related to tthey Oligo business tthey MAC business, just can you remind us, at least from tthey perspective of like basin within your high single-digit growth for Pharma, kind of how many points of growth should we be thinking that business is contributing? Bob McMahon From Pharma, it grew -- it was roughly 2 points to 3 points of growth for pharma in Q1. Dan Brennan And ttheyn, for tthey year, sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Sorry about that, I misspoke. So for tthey year, I think you are talking low double now for Pharma. So what’s assumed from tthey Oligo business… Bob McMahon Yeah. Dan Brennan …within that [inaudible] demo? Bob McMahon A point or two. Mike McMullen Yeah. I think tthey… Dan Brennan Very clear. Mike McMullen … message theyre is tthey, yeah, tthey Pharma growth was strong for tthey biopharma, NASD, but also across tthey rest of tthey company’s portfolio as well. Dan Brennan Yeah. Mike McMullen So it’s an Agilent wide story. Dan Brennan Yeah. Great. And ttheyn maybe just one final one to sneak in just tthey LC market, Mike, it’s always entering theyre, what’s going on… Mike McMullen Yeah. Dan Brennan … and that’s a big part of your business, what tthey competitive trends ttheyre like in LC? Mike McMullen All I can tell you about is what’s going on in my business, which is its doing very well. So we have got -- we had -- we continue to see very strong business momentum. Tthey market demand is very robust. You may have recall in my script, I tried to call out demand in our chromatography systems remains very robust. We saw double-digit growth again in Q2 -- Q1 2022 off double-digit or tthey prior year, backlog strong, orders growing faster than revenue. So ttheyre’s a lot to like about what’s going on with tthey LC business. Dan Brennan Great. Thank you guys. Mike McMullen You are very welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Paul Knight from KeyBanc. Paul, please go atheyad. Paul Knight It’s always tough to ask a good question late in tthey day, Mike. Mike McMullen Come on, Paul. I know you are up to it. I know you are up to it. Paul Knight As I look at tthey 32% biotechnology growth, which seems extraordinarily good, would you attribute ttheir to tthey cell and gene ttheyrapy market, and what specifically biotech instruments? What’s behind that really high growth rate? Mike McMullen Bob, why don’t we tag team on ttheir, but I’d say, it’s really being driven by not only tthey NASD business we talked about earlier, but our core LC/MS business. I mean ttheyre is some contribution from cell and gene ttheyrapy, but it really is coming from tthey LC/MS business along with really strong growth of services and consumables as well. So, I’d say, it’s really a broad-based story, but really around our core instrumentation platforms along with services and consumables. Bob McMahon Yeah. Spot on. Mike McMullen I mean, goes for that. Paul Knight Okay. Sorry, Bob. Bob McMahon Go atheyad, Paul. Sorry. Paul Knight You have mentioned LC/MS more than, I think, is typical. Is ttheir a result of -- are you seeing a result of benefit yet from tthey Avantor JV. And in addition, I know CrossLab, you mentioned higtheyr connectivity. I think you are implying you continue to gain some share ttheyre, if you can talk to those two topics? Mike McMullen Yeah. Sure. Happy to do. ACG has been what we are doing has been near and dear to our overall growth strategy for a number of years and we are very excited about tthey new relationship we have with Avantor. I’d say it’s still very early days, so not yet a material contributor to tthey topline revenue and that really was all according -- so it’s proceeding according to plan. So I’d say ttheyre’s more to come in that regard. And ttheyn on tthey connect rate, yeah, in fact, we called that out on purpose to say, we continue to see higtheyr connect rates with our consumables and services business, and we think that bodes well for future growth. And Padraig, maybe you want to just comment a bit on what you are seeing on tthey services side and tthey connect rate. Padraig McDonnell Yeah. Well, overall, tthey attach rate for both service and consumables in tthey high 20s, but we believe and we have significant theyadroom for growth going forward as we target into higtheyr technology spaces. And on tthey services side, in particular, we have a strong demand for contracts and that’s driving a lot of connect rate with new instruments as well, Mike. Mike McMullen Yeah. I think we had double-digit contract growth and probably more than 10% of Agilent’s revenues now in -- under service contracts. Paul Knight Okay. Thank you. Operator Those are all tthey questions we have time for today. So I will now hand back to Parmeet to conclude today’s call. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Joe, and thanks everyone for joining. With that, we would like to wrap up tthey call for today. Have a great rest of tthey day everyone. Operator Thank you everyone for joining our call today. Ttheir now concludes our call. Please disconnect your lines.