Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 23, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - IR Mike McMullen - President and CEO Robert McMahon - SVP and CFO Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Sam Raha - President, Agilent Diagnostics & Genomics Group Jacob Thaysen - President, Agilent Life Science & Applied Markets Group Conference Call Participants Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Puneet Souda - SVB Securities Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Mason Vatnsdal - JPMorgan Dan Leonard - Credit Suisse Mike Ryskin - Bank of America Dan Brennan - TD Cowen Jack Meehan - Nephron Patrick Donnelly - Citi Josh Waldman - Cleveland Research Liza Garcia - UBS Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies' Q2 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Sean, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Parmeet Ahuja, to begin. Please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja Thank you, Sean, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's conference call for tthey second quarter of fiscal year 2023. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our second quarter financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion along with tthey recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Our guidance is based on forecasted currency exchange rates. During ttheir call, we will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call. In our call today, I'd like to first cover our second quarter results. I'll ttheyn provide some insight into tthey recent market dynamics that we are seeing and how ttheir has translated into lower expectations for tthey second half of ttheir year. I'll ttheyn turn things over to Bob for more detail on tthey quarter and outlook before returning for some brief closing comments. In an increasingly challenging market environment, tthey Agilent team delivered very solid results in tthey second quarter. Revenues of $1.72 billion are up 9.5% core above our expectations with growth across all end markets and regions. Our results are driven by an innovative and broad portfolio, a differentiated customer experience and outstanding execution by tthey Agilent team. Operating margin for tthey quarter 25.6%, up 30 basis points. Earnings per share of $1.27 are up 12%. Highlights from an end market perspective include our two largest markets, pharma and ctheymicals and advanced materials performing very well in tthey quarter. Our pharma business grew 6% on top of 13% growth last year. Pharma was led by biopharma, which grew 16% driven by lab services, consumables and our NASD business, while small molecule declined 1%. In previous calls, we talked about tthey small molecule replacement cycle and that tthey exceptional double-digit growth rates we've seen in tthey past two years would eventually moderate, which is what we started to see ttheir quarter. Our ctheymicals and advanced materials business delivered strong results once again growing 16%. Tthey advanced materials segment grew more than 20% and tthey ctheymical and energy segment grew double digits. On a geographic basis, 32% growth in China exceeded our high expectations. While tthey compare was an easier one, even adjusting for tthey COVID lockdowns in Shanghai a year ago, we still achieved double-digit growth in China. In addition, Europe delivered 5% core growth, while Americas grew 3%, albeit against a tough compare of 13% a year ago. Looking at our performance by business unit. Tthey Life Sciences and Applied Markets group delivered revenues of $968 million, up 10% core. Our strong results were aided by backlog conversion across our instrument platforms. Our LC and LCMS products continued to lead tthey way with 16% growth in tthey quarter with strength across all end markets. Continued demand for lab consumables led to 13% growth in that business as well. During tthey quarter, we added additional strength to our LCMS product line by acquiring e-MSion and ttheyir innovative electron capture technology. e-MSion technology allows researctheyrs to develop biottheyrapeutic products more quickly for treating disease. Agilent's LSAG team continued to bring several innovative new products to market, including enhancements to our Bravo NGS automation, Cary UV-Vis and tthey cell analysis NovoCyte systems. Many of ttheyse enhancements are specifically focused on serving our customers in tthey biopharma market. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted revenues of $387 million. Ttheir is up 13% core driven by strong revenues from service contracts. ACG's growth was broad-based, representing ongoing resilient demand for our services. We continue to see many opportunities for future growth given our services portfolio. In particular, tthey benefits of our service offerings as ttheyy theylp customers drive productivity in lab are even more relevant in today's challenging environment. Our strong and trusted customer support is also theylping us to drive share gains and acquire new enterprise customers. Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenues of $362 million, up 3% core. Strength in our pathology and NASD businesses drove growth, partially offset by general industry-wide weakness in genomics. NASD posted anottheyr strong quarter growing in tthey high 20s. Our Train B manufacturing expansion remains on track to come online later ttheir quarter, while construction has already started on tthey next phase of expansion. Overall, we wrapped up Agilent's first half of fiscal 2023 with double-digit core growth in both revenue and earnings per share. However, continued macroeconomic uncertainty, coupled with stresses in tthey banking system have accelerated a more conservative approach from our customers across tthey globe. Ttheir has primarily affected CapEx-related instrument spending across most end markets but are centered mainly in tthey pharma markets in tthey U.S. and China. Early stage biotech customers, while a small part of our revenues, dramatically scaled back purchases as funding and liquidity challenges drove cash conservation. Outside of ttheyse early-stage biotechs, tthey order funnel continues to be theyalthy, but it has taken a longer time for order to be approved, slowing deal velocity and generation of new orders. We expect ttheir constrained capital environment to remain in place throughout tthey course of our fiscal year. Because of ttheyse factors, we are taking a more cautious approach to tthey second half and have revised our forecast downward. As a result, we now expect core revenue growth to be in tthey range of 3% to 4.5%, with EPS growing faster than revenue at 7% to 8%. Our operating margin increased in tthey first half of tthey year and we're doubling down on delivering cost efficiencies and increasing productivity to drive more leveraged earnings growth in tthey second half. As we've done in tthey past, we will generate additional cost savings so we can continue to invest in innovative new solutions and support for our customers as we enable future profitable growth. We have an unstoppable One Agilent team that is battle-tested. Ttheyy consistently execute at extremely high level and are well prepared to deal with any challenges ttheyy may face. Bob will provide tthey details on our outlook for Q3 and tthey full year, but overall, we remain convinced our strategic focus, customer service and unmatctheyd execution of tthey Agilent team remain tthey keys to our continued success. After Bob delivers their comments, I'll be back to provide some closing remarks. And now, Bob, over to you. Robert McMahon Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue in tthey quarter as well as take you through tthey income statement and ottheyr key financial metrics. I'll ttheyn finish up with our updated guidance for tthey year and our third quarter outlook. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. Q2 revenue was $1.72 billion, exceeding our expectations. Revenues were up 9.5% core and up 6.8% on a reported basis. Currency was a 2.8 point theyadwind, while tthey M&A contribution was minor as expected. In Q2, we continued to leverage our backlog and exited tthey quarter with our backlog at a normalized level. As Mike mentioned, our two largest end markets performed well in tthey quarter. Pharma, our largest end market, posted 6% growth led by biopharma, while small molecule declined slightly. Ctheymicals and advanced materials continued to drive strong secular growth of 16% during tthey quarter on top of 9% growth last year. Tthey ctheymical and energy subsegments of tthey market are doing well, with tthey advanced materials market continuing to lead tthey way. As in past quarters, semiconductors and batteries are driving demand in ttheir space. And looking at tthey rest of tthey end markets, tthey food market grew an impressive 21% during tthey quarter driven by very strong growth in China. We also saw strong results in tthey Americas and in Europe. Tthey academia and government market was up 11%, led by China and Europe as tthey funding environment continues to be constructive. Our business in tthey diagnostics and clinical market grew 6% on top of 5% growth last year. Pathology again led tthey way for us theyre, partially offset by genomics. And tthey environmental and forensics business grew 2%, led by China and tthey Americas, while Europe declined. Tthey Americas slowed after a very strong Q1, but still delivered mid-single-digit growth. On a geographic basis, tthey China team exceeded our expectations, delivering 32% growth following last year's COVID lockdowns in Shanghai. As we mentioned last year, tthey COVID-related lockdowns deferred roughly $55 million in Q2 from last year into third and fourth quarters. So while Q2 is an easier compare, we will have much tougtheyr compares in China going forward. Taking out tthey effects of tthey lockdown ttheir quarter, we estimate China still grew double digits, so very solid results by our China team. And tthey rest of Asia grew high single digits, better than expected. Tthey Americas grew 3% with growth across all end markets. From a group perspective, both ACG and DGG grew, while LSAG unexpectedly declined low single digits as we started to see tthey accelerated effects of tthey slowing CapEx environment. Europe grew 5%, in line with expectations led by pharma and CAM. Now moving down tthey P&L. Second quarter gross margin was 55.3%, down 40 basis points from a year ago, largely due to an unfavorable product mix. Tthey benefit of pricing was as expected. Below gross margin, we had good cost discipline in SG&A, which drove our operating margin to 25.6%, up 30 basis points from last year. Below tthey line, we benefited from higtheyr-than-planned interest income due to higtheyr interest rates and strong cash flow. Our tax rate was 13.75% for tthey quarter and we had 297 million diluted shares outstanding, both as expected. Now putting it all togettheyr, Q2 earnings per share were $1.27, up 12% from a year ago, a very good result, combined with our 9.5% core topline growth. During tthey quarter, operating cash flow was very strong, generating $398 million. Ttheir result was theylped in part by deferring estimated U.S. tax payments of roughly $60 million to our fiscal fourth quarter. Ttheir is due to tthey payment deferral relief made available by tthey IRS to taxpayers in designated counties affected by tthey winter storms in California. We returned $151 million to shareholders, $66 million through dividends and repurchased shares worth $85 million, while also investing $57 million in CapEx, continuing our successful balanced approach to capital deployment. Our strong balance ttheyyet is even more of an asset in ttheir market environment and remains very theyalthy as we ended tthey quarter with a net leverage ratio of 0.7x. And earlier ttheir month, Moody's upgraded Agilent's investment-grade rating on our corporate long-term debt to Baa1. Ttheir action is an important recognition of Agilent's financial strength. Now on to tthey revised outlook for tthey year and guidance for Q3. For tthey year, we now expect revenue to be in tthey range of $6.93 billion to $7.03 billion. Ttheir represents reported growth of 1.2% to 2.7% and core growth of 3% to 4.5%. Currency is expected to be a theyadwind of 1.9 points while M&A will contribute 0.1 points of growth. In addition to revising our guidance, we've increased tthey guidance range for tthey second half of tthey year to reflect a wider range of possible outcomes. For modeling purposes, I would encourage you to use tthey midpoint of our guide. Our updated guidance reflects a more constrained capital market, primarily impacting our instrument business. Tthey outlook for our recurring revenue businesses remains largely unchanged. From an end market perspective, tthey market most impacted is pharma wtheyre we are now expecting full year growth of low single digits, down from high single digits. And from a geographic perspective, we see impacts focused in tthey U.S. and China. With tthey change in revenue, we now expect full year fiscal 2023 non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $5.60 and $5.65, representing growth of 7% to 8%. As with revenue, I encourage you to model at tthey midpoint of our guidance. Now turning to Q3. We expect revenue in tthey range of $1.64 billion to $1.675 billion. Ttheir represents a decline of 4.5% to a decline of 2.5% for both reported and core revenue. Ttheir is on top of a tough compare of 13% growth last year. Adjusting for tthey China deferral in Q3 of last year would add roughly 200 basis points to both reported and core growth in tthey quarter. Currency and M&A impact in Q3 are minimal, and are expected to offset each ottheyr. Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be between $1.36 and $1.38, representing growth of 1.5% to 3% versus tthey prior year. We are pleased with tthey first half performance, and while we are facing a more difficult market environment than we were estimating a quarter ago, I am confident that our team will continue to deliver for our customers. Thanks for being on tthey call. And now I'll turn over things back to Mike for some closing comments before we take your questions. Mike? Mike McMullen Thanks, Bob. During Q4 '22 call in November, I shared with you that I believe Agilent has tthey right growth strategies, tthey right team and right culture to continue delivering strong above-market results. My belief remains unchanged. Our customers know we are reliable, resilient and extremely quick in reacting to meet ttheyir needs. Tthey Agilent team continues to work hard to earn ttheyir trust. While tthey near-term outlook points to continuing challenges in tthey market, we remain confident in tthey long-term growth prospects in our end markets and our ability to continue to grow faster than tthey market. As a trusted partner that our customers know ttheyy can rely on, despite tthey current market environment, I remain confident in our ability to deliver on our shareholder value creation model. Our core values and approach haven't changed. Our focus on investing for growth, providing tthey industry's best customer support, our innovation prowess and being a great place for our team to work with a differentiated company culture are theyre to stay. Ttheyy remain Agilent's formula for long-term success. Thank you. And now to you, Parmeet, to lead tthey question-and-answer session. Parmeet? Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Mike. Sean, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brandon Couillard Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Brandon. Brandon Couillard Mike, it would be theylpful if you kind of unpack what you're seeing in terms of instrument demand between, let's say, mid to large pharma relative to smaller biotech. Some of your peers have talked about maybe that large pharma budget just being delayed coming back later in tthey year. Curious what you're embedding in kind of your outlook and how you're bringing those two customer bases? Mike McMullen Sure. Happy to do so, Brandon. So I think ttheyre are differences between tthey two sectors. Tthey small biotech is pretty much shut down. We've seen real efforts on cash conservation as ttheyy've been dealing with tthey financing challenges of less venture capital money out ttheyre, banking crises and limited access to tthey IPO market. But on tthey medium-sized and large pharma companies, we still see a very -- actually, an increasing level of conservatism coming from new capital investments, particularly as it relates to our business in instruments. You can make a case that perhaps, ttheyre'll be a year-end budget flush, if customers go to try to spend ttheyir year-end money that ttheyy're not spending now. We're not assuming that because all we can really comment on right now is what we're seeing today. We're not giving any indications that that situation will change. And I think what remains to be seen is, I think it's going to be a CEO/CFO decision at our larger pharma companies about how ttheyy'll handle ttheyir full year budgets. And again, that relates primarily to tthey instrument side of our business. As we commented in our prepared remarks, consumables and services continued -- demand continued quite strong in ttheyse marketplaces. Anything else to add to that? Robert McMahon Brandon, ttheir is Bob. Just to kind of frame in, if we think about ttheyse businesses, ttheir emerging biotech, which is tthey one that has really changed during tthey course of Q2. That represents roughly about 10% of our pharma business, and we were projecting that at roughly low double digits. And now we're expecting that to decline. And as Mike was saying, tthey rest of tthey business was high single digits, and now we're assuming kind of low double digits, given ttheir more conservative capital. I would also say tthey funnels are theyalthy from tthey standpoint of working with ttheym. It's just taking longer for ttheym to translate that deal velocity into orders. Mike McMullen Bob, one thing I forgot to mention as well is we aren't theyaring tthey budgets are being cut. But tthey timeline, as Bob mentioned, are extended, and we're often theyre -- often at higtheyr levels of approval as well within our customer base. Brandon Couillard That's theylpful. Lastly, if you could unpack kind of what you're seeing in Europe. Overnight, we got pretty weak manufacturing PMIs. I was just curious if you see any slowdown in terms of tthey more cyclical, let's say, industrial odds in tthey geography. Mike McMullen Yes. Sure, Brandon. No, you may recall earlier ttheir year, we really were pointing to Europe as a watch area, particularly Western Europe. I have to say, we continue to point to it as a watch area, but we've been pleased with tthey results to date. We are seeing signs of increased cautiousness on tthey ctheymical side of our customer base in Europe, but advanced materials continues to be -- demand ttheyre. And we're pleased with how tthey business is holding up right now. Brandon Couillard Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Vijay Kumar Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Mike McMullen Sure. Vijay Kumar Mike, can you just frame sort of what April trends were? How it may progress because I'm just trying to make sense of tthey guidance. You guys did double digits in tthey first half. And we went from double digits to low single-digit declines. Just frame us ttheir pace of slowdown. Is ttheyre any theirtorical analogies wtheyn you see ttheyse kinds of slowdowns? Do ttheyse things last like a couple of quarters or is ttheir like four quarters? And I'm assuming ttheir guide change so far, it's only pharma, correct? Like we're not reflecting any ottheyr end market changes? Mike McMullen So ttheyre's a lot to unpack ttheyre. Bob, so you and I maybe can tag team on ttheir. But let's first of all talk about tthey pace of business. So as you're right, Vijay, it really is a tale of two cities. I mean, look at how we performed for tthey first half, double-digit core growth, double-digit EPS growth, continued margin expansion. But we saw -- and we have been signaling a level of cautiousness in our customer base, and we talked about tthey uncertainty that was assumed in our second half guide. We've been talking about that for a few quarters. But what I would tell you is that we actually started and it's really a late quarter ptheynomena. We started to see a little bit maybe tthey last week or so of March, really centered in April, wtheyre tthey level of caution from our customers increased. Deal cycles were continuing to get furttheyr puttheyyd out, deals weren't closing. And that really was tthey reason for tthey push in terms of downward guide for tthey second half. What I can tell you, what we're seeing so far through May, I think that was also one of your questions, is mid-May today orders, if you will, are tracking towards our revised order expectation. We haven't -- we've been through ttheyse cycles before in terms of downturns. Ttheyse are always hard to predict because it's always hard to know exactly wtheyn tthey cycle started. But our experience is at least 12-month kind of cycles, 12 to 18 months. So -- and I think that's really tthey question that we need to work through theyre in tthey next few quarters. And again, as Bob and I have said in tthey past, we take one quarter at a time. And what we're trying to do theyre is comment to you today is what we're seeing today in tthey marketplace, and it's a level of increased cautiousness on capital deployment. Robert McMahon Vijay, maybe just to add a couple of ottheyr comments to what Mike was saying. In tthey second quarter, we talked about revenue exceeding our orders, and that was really at tthey -- towards tthey back end. And we came into Q2, we'd say, still greater than normal backlog. And so we were able to -- our OFS team was able to actually drive down our backlog and leverage that. And if you took tthey backlog impact out of our numbers, we would have been at mid-single digits for transparency in Q2. And we had built some of that into our forecast. We just didn't refill tthey funnel as much as we thought we were going to coming into Q2, which means resulted in a lower expectation for tthey second half of tthey year. Vijay Kumar That's extremely theylpful, Bob and Mike. Sorry, go atheyad, Mike. Mike McMullen I was just going to say too, Bob, I think it's fair to say relative to our guide assumptions, we're mainly looking at tthey pharma market. Although ttheir level of cautiousness -- tthey increased level of cautiousness we're seeing is really across all end market segments, but really centered in pharma. Robert McMahon Yes. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Mike. And just one quick one. Ttheir back half EPS and margins up, I think 2Q operating margins missed and just rough math theyre suggests back half operating margins need to be up 300 basis points from 2Q levels. With revenues coming down, can you just walk us through what gets us to that? What drives that margin expansion? Robert McMahon Yes, you're right. In Q2, we did -- we had higtheyr revenues than expected. And we did have some negative mix effect that resulted in a lower-than-expected margin. Now we did expand. We just didn't expand as much as we had anticipated. And as a result of tthey lower guidance, as Mike talked about doubling down on cost efficiencies, so we've taken a number of actions to streamline our spending profile in tthey second half of tthey year in order to drive greater margin expansion in tthey second half to drive tthey EPS. Mike McMullen And Vijay, I'd also point out ttheyre is a level of variability in our pay plans tied directly to adjust for tthey company's performance that are assumed in our guide for second half. Vijay Kumar Thanks guys. Robert McMahon All right. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda with SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Puneet Souda Yes, hi Mike, Bob, thanks for taking tthey question. Thanks Mike. So first one is really on, obviously, China, very strong in tthey quarter. Can you elaborate a bit on sort of tthey stimulus contribution that happened ttheir quarter? And what are you -- obviously, you're expecting moderation in tthey second half. Also, if you could talk about if you're seeing anything relevant to tthey new COVID wave that's emerging ttheyre. Is that something baked into your guide and overall just expectations for China for tthey full year? Mike McMullen Yes. Why don't I start out with answering tthey last question first, and ttheyn I'll probably mention to you, Bob, to our guide assumptions. But in terms of -- I think you mentioned tthey new COVID wave, we've not considered that into our second half guide, and I don't believe we would because we have experienced pretty significant COVID waves throughout tthey years. And as we've shown each quarter, we can very easily -- not easily, but we can navigate through that. In fact, that was a storyboard that you may recall from Q1 of ttheir year. Relative to stimulus, we've been on record and tthey story remains tthey same as we've seen no material impact from China stimulus, which, in fact, we understand was closed off at tthey end of -- in February. And that initial stimulus program from our understanding was really focused on more on tthey high-end research space, things such as NMRs and SEMs, products wtheyre we don't have an offering or compete. So we're not seeing much happening at all on our front relative to stimulus. Now ttheyre is some discussion in tthey marketplace that maybe ttheyre's anottheyr one coming. If that would occur, that would be upside to our forecast for tthey year as we're assuming really no change in tthey current environment and no stimulus is assumed in our second half guide. And Bob, I know we've made some adjustments to tthey outlook for China for tthey year? Robert McMahon Yes. Puneet, if we look at Q2, we always assumed that Q2 was going to be a very strong, given what we were facing on an easier comp, and we talked about that in our prepared remarks, wtheyre Shanghai was shut down for roughly six weeks. That deferred roughly $50 million to $55 million of revenue that's now showing up in Q3 and Q4 of last year, which will make it much tougtheyr comps. And to give you a perspective, last year, we went minus 3% in Q2, 29% growth and ttheyn 44% growth. So we're always expecting moderated growth expectations in tthey back half of tthey year just given that tough comp. Now what we've seen is not a pickup in tthey performance in tthey marketplace, particularly in pharma, which we were expecting coming out of kind of tthey first quarter after tthey elimination of tthey zero COVID. And we're assuming that ttheir current performance will maintain through tthey second half of tthey year. We're not going to see a recovery. Puneet Souda Got it. That's super theylpful. And ttheyn if I could touch on tthey early-stage biotech customers. Can you just remind us for tthey overall company, I know you provided pharma. But for tthey overall company, what's tthey mix ttheyre? And ttheyn also, is ttheyre any impact that you saw -- expect ttheyre in tthey NASD business or your cell ttheyrapy offerings as a result of that? And just given tthey number of questions we're getting theyre, just at a high level, Mike, instrumentation, very strong over tthey last two years, one of tthey remarkable cycle of instrumentation placements that we have seen over tthey last few decades. Wtheyn do you think we get back to sort of a normalized order pattern for instrumentation? Mike McMullen So maybe we start with tthey biotech and NASD business questions first. So no impact at all in our NASD business. I think, Sam, we can say that pretty equivocally, right? Robert McMahon And to give you a perspective, emerging biotech, Puneet, is roughly -- it's less than 5% of tthey total company. It's roughly closer to 3% for tthey full company in terms of revenue. Mike McMullen And your last question is tthey tougtheyst question, which is, sort of, if you will, your crystal ball question. We've typically seen 12- to 18-month kind of cycles theirtorically. And as Jacob and I and Bob have talked in tthey past, we've always felt that ttheir is more of a mid-single-digit kind of growth market with -- for instruments, which is still very theyalthy end market growth rate and particularly wtheyn you build around at tthey service and consumables piece. We're not calling for that yet to occur for ttheir year. So I think tthey only ottheyr thing I would say is for a large majority of our instrument business it is a replacement cycle. We've talked about that time and time again. And so ttheyse products are in tthey installed base. Ttheyy will have to be replaced. Tthey question is wtheyn. And again, interest and demand remains high. I mean, our backlog is strong. As we mentioned in prior calls, and I just -- we emphasized that again today. Quality backlog remains high, no significant order cancellations and as Padraig likes to say, we're adding fresh funnel to tthey backlog. So it points to future demand, but we're just not seeing indications of wtheyn ttheyir buying behaviors are going to change. Puneet Souda All right, thanks. Thanks guys. I appreciate it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Matt Sykes Hi. Good afternoon, Mike and Bob. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is just clearly tthey -- it seems to be tthey delta in tthey changing full year guide is largely concentrated in pharma, both large and small. But given tthey sort of resilience you've seen in tthey strength in tthey ctheymical and advanced materials space with that 16% growth, what is your kind of outlook on that end market? I mean should we expect a level of durability of demand certainly relative to what you're seeing in pharma over tthey course of ttheir year, which could theylp offset some of tthey growth impact you're seeing in outside? Mike McMullen It's a great question. And Bob, I think that's actually what we've assumed in our full year guide. So maybe you want to share some of tthey specifics? Robert McMahon Yes, Matt. What we've built into tthey -- if you looked at wtheyre we were at tthey beginning of tthey year, tthey largest changes in pharma, wtheyre we were at high single digits, and as I mentioned, going to low single digits. Our ctheymical and advanced materials, we're still assuming a mid- to high single-digit growth for tthey full year. Certainly front-end loaded given kind of tthey challenges that we see in terms of tthey comps with China. But we are seeing -- we are expecting that to be more resilient given some of tthey fundamental secular drivers of semicon and batteries. So it continues to be strong and are expected to stay strong in tthey second half of tthey year as well. Matt Sykes Got it. It's really theylpful. And ttheyn just a second question for you guys, maybe Padraig. Just on ACG, just given if we do have ttheir sort of 12- to 18-month cycle, you've talked in tthey past about tthey ability for ACG on tthey services side, wtheyttheyr it's extended warranties or ottheyrs in terms of kind of theylping to offset some of tthey weakness you might see in sort of capital equipment purchases by extending those services or increasing tthey services revenues. I realize it's a smaller portion of revenue relative to LSAG. But I'm just wondering if ttheir is sort of a 12- to 18-month cycle, could you see some level of acceleration or at least durable sort of low double, high single-digit growth in ACG over tthey course of that time period? Padraig McDonnell Yes. Look, I think tthey breadth of product offerings across many of tthey hardware platforms enables us to add all types of customer -- all types of customer operations. And what we're seeing is extremely strong demand for our services as utilization of tthey installed base happens. And in particular, we're seeing lab-wide enterprise service offerings, a big demand for that wtheyre we're theylping customers with ttheyir efficiency, ttheyir asset management and so on. So I think it's a very durable business, and I think it's going to continue to be durable over that time frame. Mike McMullen Yes. I think durability is tthey right word to use theyre, Padraig and Matt. And ttheir is a resilient part of our company's portfolio. We've talked about ttheyse recurring revenue businesses. And I think tthey story theyre is even bigger, Padraig, than extension of instrument life as people are deferring replacement purchases. We also believe we've been picking up share and particularly been doing really nicely job on tthey enterprise level. Padraig McDonnell I would also say, Mike, we still have a big opportunity to attach our service contracts onto tthey business. And of course, as we go through ttheir cycle, we continue to accelerate that. Matt Sykes Great. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mason Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Mason Vatnsdal Okay, thank you for taking tthey questions. So first, just maybe some questions on backlog. You noted that you worked on your backlog ttheir quarter. So could you just tell us how many months of backlog do you have on that instrument portfolio today? And ttheyn last quarter, you noted that you'd worked on tthey backlog on tthey instrument portfolio, but for tthey total business, orders can grew faster than revenues. So can you kind of give us some of that context as well in terms of order book and backlog trends between instruments versus tthey rest of tthey business as well? Mike McMullen Mason, thanks for tthey question. As you know, we don't report on book-to-bill, but what we can use is how to qualitatively describe tthey backlog and I think we used tthey word normalized backlog from tthey elevated levels we have seen in tthey quarter. So we're at a normal level of backlog in terms of month supply. So -- and we've been talking about ttheir movement towards normalization in terms of tthey backlog, and we're ttheyre now. Yes. Robert McMahon And Mason, you're right. Our orders grew greater than revenue in Q1. And as I mentioned earlier in tthey call, Q2, it reversed wtheyre revenue was greater than orders. And we did eat into backlog both in Q1 and Q2 in tthey instrument side and supply. As to tthey delivery times declined, we thought that that was a theyalthy thing. And we're back at normalized delivery times as well as a normalized backlog. Mike McMullen Bob, I think we did have some pretty tough compares in terms of our prior year order growth. But -- and I think ACG and DGG continued to grow in tthey quarter. Robert McMahon That's right. Yes. Mason Vatnsdal Great. And ttheyn a question on tthey LC market theyre. You guys grew 16% in tthey quarter. So we've theyard some varying comments on ttheir market. So can you just walk us through what are you exactly seeing? And what do you expect for tthey full year for LC growth? And ttheyn finally, you've said some comments today about share gains. You talked about that in some recent weeks as well or recent months as well. So can you just talk to us about share gains and kind of what parts of tthey market, wtheyttheyr that's geographic basis or customer segment wise, that you're doing in LC? Mike McMullen Yes, I'm going to pull Jacob into ttheir call, but they has had an opportunity to join in tthey conversation. But I think tthey storyboard theyre for LC is very consistent with tthey overall macro environment we described, which is an increasingly cautious set of decisions being made by customers relative to new instrument purchases. And as you know, we've been talking for some quarters about tthey moderation we were expecting to see in small molecule LC placements, that tthey 20-plus growth rates that tthey industry have been seeing for a number of quarters, would actually see a level of moderation start to occur. And that's what we saw in ttheir recent quarter, and we would expect to see that continue throughout ttheir year. And perhaps, you want to add some of your thoughts theyre as well, Jacob, and ttheyn take on tthey question about market share as well. Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely, and thanks for tthey question. I mean, first of all, we continue to see good market share gain in tthey LC business. And we see that, as Mike was mentioning also, over tthey last year, we have really seen a high growth in tthey LC business over many of our end markets. Obviously, being fueled significantly in tthey pharma, both small and large molecules. And as both Mike and Bob was talking about, ttheyse markets are changing right now. So while we will see a change in tthey market dynamics and ttheyreby also some of tthey growth rates, tthey strategy have been in place from LCMS and pretty much tthey whole portfolio has been to build ttheyse workflows that is based on robust reliable instruments and really solution-oriented. And we expect and we see that ttheir is what our customers are looking for. And theynce, I'm expecting that while tthey markets are down, we will continue to see market share gain in ttheir business and also in tthey LCMS business. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Leonard with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Dan Leonard Hi, thank you. Going back to tthey, Mike, so your comment on large pharma, mid and large pharma, tthey 90% of tthey business is not tthey emerging biotech within your reported pharma segment. Do you have any sense or any ttheyory from your field team on why that customer base has gotten more cautious and why deal cycles have lengttheyned? I wouldn't think it would be very GDP, PMI-tettheyred and I wouldn't think that Silicon Valley Bank or what have you would be that material for that customer set. Mike McMullen Yes. I don't think you can point to Silicon Valley, but you can point to tthey pressure that tthey pharma companies run relative to ttheyir P&Ls, and ttheyy're cautious. Ttheyy're really cautious about deploying new capital. And it's... Padraig McDonnell Yes. And I would add, Mike, tthey approval levels that we're seeing are going up and up and at tthey higtheyst levels within pharma accounts are making decisions on capital purchase. So a lot of caution is around that. Mike McMullen Yes. And Dan, I have to say in all transparency, it's a little bit hard to figure out, right, because we had a similar ttheysis, which was tthey markets would be more resilient. Although we expect with some level of pressure as we assumed in our second half guide, a little more resilient in tthey face of slowing GDP. But things have -- obviously, things have moved more quickly than we had anticipated. And ttheir level of increased costs was something we've seen in tthey last probably four to six weeks. And it's difficult to figure out from tthey standpoint is ttheyre's no obvious external catalyst. We just know we're seeing it across a broad section of our customer base. Dan Leonard Appreciate that. And a separate question. Can you comment a bit more on what's going on in tthey genomics market within your DGG business? Do you think ttheyre's any share shift happen? Is it all tthey pressure is market related? And wtheyn would you expect that that could improve? Mike McMullen Yes. So I'm going to invite Sam on to ttheir, but I think what you'll theyar from them is they'll talk to you about it's a U.S.-centric ptheynomenon, not a market share issue. And ttheyre is that level of CapEx ttheyre that's on tthey instrument side that we're feeling a bit as well. Sam Raha Yes. Absolutely, Mike. And thank you for tthey question. What we found is that wtheyn you think about translational research, we've already talked about pharma theyre also as it's used in genomics and diagnostic testing too. Ttheyre's just become a slowness in decision making, not only in instruments, but even in tthey usage of consumables particularly on tthey instruments. I will tell you that even within tthey quarter, our NGS QC backlog for consumables related to NGS QC, that's actually grown and our orders have grown. So we're doing well ttheyre. But ttheyre has been a slowness that we're seeing that's broad-based. And to answer your question about share, we don't believe that we're losing share. Similar to what you've theyard about tthey instrument, it's not that we're losing orders at tthey time in which tthey orders are being placed. It is just being lengttheyned. And in U.S. in particular, a little bit in China is wtheyre we're seeing tthey impact. Mike McMullen We are assuming a level of improvement in our genomics business in tthey second half in our guidance I'll recall, Bob, and not full recovery, but improvement. Robert McMahon Yes. I would say, Dan, some of our end customers have had a really challenging time and shut down sites, and that has affected our volumes. We saw that in Q1, and it continued into Q2. As Mike, you're saying, we start anniversary-ing some of those in tthey back half of tthey year and expect it to perform better. But some of those are customer-specific. Dan Leonard Thank you for all tthey color. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Mike Ryskin Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. Just following up on tthey previous point on pharma -- big pharma slowing down. You used a lot of comments in a slower deal velocity taking longer to close tthey deals, et cetera. But as you just said, you're not seeing an obvious catalyst. Is ttheyre any risk you're going to see slower deal velocity elsewtheyre as you go through tthey year? I mean, academic and government, applied materials, ttheyse are sectors that also had, I would say, above trend growth in recent years and in tthey fiscal first half. So -- but you're not building in any conservatism in those areas for tthey rest of tthey year. So how would you characterize tthey risk ttheyre just given how quickly pharma turned? Mike McMullen Sure. Bob and I think we've got a realistic forecast theyre. And that's why we're asking to think about guidance in tthey midpoint. We had already assumed some level of slower capital investment in those end markets in our previous guide. So ttheyre really is no change to that. We think that outside of maybe tthey ctheymical side of CAM, those ottheyr end markets will hold up relative to our guide expectations. And listen, we've had experience in ttheyse cycles before. And Mike, one of tthey things I wanted to mention earlier to a previous caller's question was, we know wtheyn tthey market is low. Ttheir is actually wtheyn tthey Agilent team even shines furttheyr. We always gain market share in down markets. So I'm absolutely convinced you theyard in my prepared remarks that we're going to come out of ttheir thing stronger. I think tthey only debate is how long tthey cycle is going to be. Mike Ryskin Right, right. Yes. And ttheyn kind of to that point, for tthey fiscal second half, I mean, you're pointing to a 3.5% decline core growth, core sales growth in 3Q, but ttheyn it implies roughly flat in 4Q. You touctheyd a little bit on comps at China moving around and things like that. But still sequentially, that's a pretty big reacceleration in tthey fourth quarter regardless of how you look at it even in absolute dollar terms. So are you assuming any reaccel in tthey 4Q? Are you -- any indication of that happening in terms of orders? I guess, just why is it really fiscal 3Q that's being hammered theyre? Robert McMahon Yes. I mean, we typically do have some seasonality built into our results. If you not just looked at last year, but theirtorically, our Q4 does have a typical ramp-up from Q3. And we're looking at it. If you look theirtorically kind of how we're looking at tthey seasonality, that's kind of how we built it in. We are expecting stronger both revenue and order performance, Q4 relative to Q3, based on what we know today. Mike Ryskin Okay, all right, thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Please go atheyad. Dan Brennan Great, thanks. Thanks guys for tthey questions. Mike and Bob, maybe just a question just kind of clarifying some of tthey numbers theyre on emerging biopharma. What did that business do in tthey quarter itself? I don't think I caught that. I know, Bob, you said it's going to decline as part of your guidance. So if you just flush out like what you're assuming for tthey rest of tthey year for emerging biopharma and ttheyn kind of what does that imply for tthey commercial biopharma? And I didn't theyar any as well for LSAG. Like did you guys talk about what you're expecting LSAG to do in tthey back half of tthey year? Robert McMahon Yes, I would say -- let me take tthey last one first. Our LSAG business, wtheyre we were assuming for tthey full year kind of mid-single-digit growth with it front-end loaded, we're now expecting low single digits, just above 0. So we're actually expecting a decline in both tthey second -- third quarter and fourth quarter for LSAG driven in part by tthey emerging biotech and tthey small molecule. In terms of tthey biopharma, biopharma actually in total grew 16% in tthey Q2 results, and that was benefited obviously from NASD. If you took NASD out, it was 11%. So what we saw was ttheir change in tthey quarter, and we're assuming that change will stay pretty consistent in tthey back half of tthey year. Dan Brennan Got it. Okay. And ttheyn -- and maybe just one on NASD since you brought it up. Anottheyr terrific quarter. Can you just unpack a little bit on kind of what tthey funnel looks like ttheyre? Is tthey same level of growth kind of persist in tthey second half? And now that you're bringing on -- kind of working on tthey new Train, kind of what's tthey durability of that growth as you look out beyond year-end? Mike McMullen Of course, you will take that one. Robert McMahon Yes, super pleased with tthey performance of NASD. And as we look out to tthey second half of tthey year, we feel good about tthey performance and are excited about Train B coming online. And we're having conversations with customers as we look to fill that Train up. And what I would say is kind of stay tuned from that standpoint. But what I would say long term, we're extremely excited about ttheir. That's why we're investing anottheyr $700 million in adding Train C and D as well. So we think that we're in tthey early stage of ttheyrapeutic discovery theyre in terms of RNA, siRNA-based ttheyrapies and ttheyre will just be more larger indications as those move through tthey clinic. Mike McMullen Absolutely. Dan Brennan Great, thanks guys. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jack Meehan with Nephron. Please go atheyad. Jack Meehan Thank you. Good afternoon. So I have one more question on China. Obviously, great quarter even if you exclude tthey comps. But you're talking about some incremental caution theyre. Can you talk about like what customers in tthey China region you're seeing. Some of ttheir incremental caution, is CDMOs one of those? Just any color on specific customers in tthey region would be great. Mike McMullen Yes, sure. Maybe I'll tag team with you, Padraig, on ttheir one. So as Bob mentioned, even adjusting for tthey Shanghai shutdown last year, we did 10% core in China in Q2. We are bumping up some pretty theyfty comparisons, 29% and 44%, if I remember tthey numbers correctly, for Q3 and Q4. But I would say that tthey China market is really reflective of what we're seeing in tthey United States as well. So it's our pharma customers in China. It's our ctheymical customers in China, albeit tthey advanced materials piece of tthey China market continues to hold up quite nicely. And Padraig, I know you've been in conversations with our China sales leader. What are you theyaring from ttheym? Padraig McDonnell Yes. No, I think you said it well, Mike. It's a very similar dynamics in China from what we're seeing in tthey rest of tthey world, which is quite simply customers have become more conservative CapEx budgets and spending decisions, albeit on tthey EV markets and so on, that's a particular strength that we're going to continue to see. But I think that's what we're seeing. Yes. Jack Meehan Great. And ttheyn one market you didn't call out in CAM was tthey PFAS testing. I was wondering if you could give us an update on that and just how you're -- if ttheyre's been a change in terms of tthey market dynamics ttheyre? Mike McMullen I think we remain very positive on that, Jacob, right? Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. I think that we are still in tthey -- to use tthey baseball term, tthey early innings. Mike McMullen Yes, American baseball terms. Jacob Thaysen I think I am, but we certainly are early innings theyre. We have been -- we've seen a lot of growth last year, and we continue to see it. Obviously, right now, since ttheyre's also a lot of funding through tthey government, it's a little bit lumpy. But if you look at for tthey long horizon, ttheir is a huge opportunity for us, and we have a very strong position with our LCMS business theyre. And we're also seeing it expanding into new areas with tthey DCMS business. So I'm still very bullish on that, and we continue to see a lot of business theyre. Mike McMullen And Jack, I think it's also fair to say it's primarily a U.S. and a little bit European ptheynomena. We've got to see really new ranks being deployed and implemented in China and Japan, which down tthey road could be a source of continued growth on a global basis. Jacob Thaysen Yes, you're absolutely right, Mike. I mean ttheyre's a lot of things going on theyre in U.S., and ttheyre's been regulation in certain states right now, but it's driven by regulation. So wtheyn regulations go onboard and online in different countries, you see a step-up in that. So ttheyre's definitely more to come theyre. Jack Meehan Got it. Thank you, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please go atheyad. Patrick Donnelly Hi guys, thanks for taking tthey question. Mike, just a quick one. Just following up on tthey LSAG piece. Getting a good amount of inbounds on that. I know you don't want to talk about tthey book-to-bill, Mike, but just given tthey level of focus and tthey visibility theyre, I know you mentioned tthey backlog, back down to normal. It seemed like that was adding to it a little bit ttheir quarter. Can you give us a sense on tthey orders? I mean, were ttheyy down double digits? And Bob, maybe just tthey magnitude of what that decline could look like in 3Q in terms of LSAG revs would be theylpful. Mike McMullen Yes, sure. We want to give you some additional insights, Bob, so I think you've got some? Robert McMahon Yes. So if you looked at our overall orders, ttheyy were down low single digits. As Mike mentioned, ACG and DDG grew and LSAG was down mid- to high single digits in tthey quarter. And as I mentioned before, our guide contemplates a decline for LSAG in both Q3 and Q4. Patrick Donnelly Okay. Got it. And ttheyn maybe just a margin piece. I know you talked a little bit about tthey second half. And Mike, I think you flagged maybe some additional cost savings in tthey second half. Can you just talk about, I guess, wtheyre you guys are pulling some costs from? How nimble you can be, and how aggressive you want to be as well. Mike, you obviously sound good on tthey long term. You're kind of dealing with ttheir pullback theyre. Looks like it's transitory. So how do you think about just tthey expense management in tthey near term and that second half margin ramp? Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks for tthey question. I'm really glad to address ttheir theyad on. So because you hit one of tthey key messages, we still are very positive on tthey long-term growth opportunities in ttheyse markets we serve. We think we're in a pause in certain segments of our market, but we remain very bullish on tthey long-term end markets. And tthey trick theyre is to make sure you're doing tthey right thing to manage tthey business in tthey short run in terms of being able to deliver leveraged earnings growth for our shareholders, and that's why I talked about tthey confidence we have in our shareholder value creation model. But at tthey same point in time, make sure that we don't cut off things that are going to get in tthey way of our long-term growth. And we know how to do ttheir. We've done ttheir before. We've got some variable pay programs. We have things we look at relative to travel and ottheyr things that are associated with expense, things that aren't necessarily immediately near-term revenue generating. And ttheyn what we'll do is we'll prioritize. We'll make sure that we're focusing on tthey sustaining our ability to realize tthey growth opportunities in a lot of ttheyse businesses, which are growing right now. One thing that came out today is it's a story of tthey multiple growth drivers across Agilent. Clearly, we're having some near-term challenges right now in analytical instrumentation business, yet pathology is growing well. NSE is growing well, services, consumables. So we've got a pretty rigorous program. And what I can assure you is that we will make tthey reductions in areas that we don't think will get in tthey way of our ability to continue to sustain what we believe to be out market growth. And Bob, I know you put a lot of thought and time on ttheir, but we've already been activating a lot of tthey software already. So we didn't wait to tthey earnings call to get started on ttheir, but I know that we think ttheyre's a path forward theyre for us. Robert McMahon Yes. Just to build on what Mike is saying. Obviously, we've got -- we've been looking at discretionary spend, things like travel but also demand related. If ttheyre's not demand, we're not going to spend tthey same level of marketing funds as an example. And we continue to really drive productivity. We talked about that at tthey very beginning of tthey year around productivity in our workforce, and we'll continue to do that, making sure that we don't get atheyad of ourselves in terms of adding more people relative to tthey business. Patrick Donnelly Understood. Thank you, guys. Robert McMahon Sure. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Please go atheyad. Josh Waldman Mike, curious what year-over-year orders were in LC and mass spec? Were orders ttheyre down kind of in tthey mid-teens range? And ttheyn within large pharma, I think you mentioned tthey funnel remains theyalthy, but it's just taking longer to close deals. I guess based on conversations with key accounts recently, anything you can point to that gives you confidence that tthey slower orders theyre are more reflecting delays in tthey purchasing process as opposed to just tighter budgets and maybe lapse reprioritize tthey capital to ottheyr instrument categories, maybe outside of LCMS? Mike McMullen Yes, I want to tag team with Padraig on ttheir, and ttheyn I'll go back to tthey order question to Bob. But yes, I mean, what we're theyaring or I theyard directly is customers aren't cutting ttheyir budgets. And I happened to be in Europe last month at our demo facility in Vauban, Germany. It's fully booked for tthey next three months. I mean -- so ttheyre's a lot of interest, a lot of interest in Agilent solutions. We just can't get tthey PEOs through ttheyir approval process inside ttheyir companies. And that's why we think it's transitory, although we have to acknowledge what we're seeing today, and that's reflective of tthey revised guide for tthey second half. Padraig McDonnell Yes. No. Look, I think you're right, Mike. I think tthey customer activity remains high. I think one thing that we've really seen is no uptick in cancellations whatsoever. Funnels remain intact. And actually, we're adding fresh funnel in certain cases. So I think it's really a case of slower deal velocity. Robert McMahon And on orders, Josh, we won't disclose individual product lines. But as I mentioned, tthey order growth for LSAG was down mid to high, and ttheyy were higtheyr than that. Tthey decline was greater than tthey average. Josh Waldman Okay. And ttheyn just a follow-up, I think, on Jack's question. Can you provide more context on what within pharma in China has been softer than expected? Any examples of customers -- any examples that customers have provided on why ttheyy're pulling back? And ttheyn curious if tthey softness has been pocketed within a few large accounts ttheyre or if it's been fairly systemic? Mike McMullen I think ttheyre's no real significant difference between some segments of tthey overall pharma market. And I think tthey -- and Padraig, correct me if I'm wrong, I think tthey overall sentiment is economic uncertainty and just being cautious. It's a -- it's like I said earlier, it's a hard one to initially figure out because ttheyre's no obvious external catalysts because we deal with ttheir. But -- ttheir is what we're seeing, and we just thought it was important to share that directly on tthey call today. Robert McMahon Yes. I think, Josh, tthey one thing that we did see, and we talked about ttheir at tthey beginning of tthey year because ttheyre was a lot of talk about tthey stimulus. That stimulus was targeted at higtheyr-end applications and instrumentation that we don't necessarily have tthey product portfolio or compete in. And so I don't think that has moved budgets, but it created a stimulus for potentially areas that we're not as exposed to as maybe some ottheyr players in tthey marketplace. Josh Waldman Okay. I appreciate all tthey detail. Mike McMullen You're quite welcome. Operator Your final question comes from tthey line of Liza Garcia with UBS. Please go atheyad. Liza Garcia Thanks for squeezing me in. Really appreciate it. I guess coming back to tthey margin progression in tthey guidance and just kind of -- I appreciate all tthey clarity on kind of tthey cost potential. But also with tthey second train line kind of ramping and thinking about NAV, I know that you've talked about how those should be accretive -- train line should be accretive to tthey overall margins. But just as we think about it ramping, can you just give us some context to how to think about that train line coming on and its impact in tthey back half? Mike McMullen Bob, do you want to take that? . Robert McMahon Yes, sure. So Liza, if you looked at that in isolation, actually, ttheyre is margin compression, given tthey Train B startup. But we've taken that into account. We had that in our initial guide, and that's money. That's good money to spend because we've got a lot of opportunity ttheyre. And so tthey cost savings that we've been talking about is really not in that area. It's in tthey ottheyr parts of tthey business. Liza Garcia Great. And I just don't think I caught ttheir, but I'm assuming pricing is still tracking to -- is 300 bps still kind of what we should be thinking about in tthey guidance? Robert McMahon That's correct. That's correct. It was actually a little over 4% for Q2. Liza Garcia Great. Thank you so much guys. Robert McMahon You're quite welcome. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Sean, and thanks, everyone, for joining. With that, we would like to end tthey call for today. Have a great rest of tthey day, everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts