Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 25, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ankur Dhingra - Vice President, Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Robert McMahon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jacob Thaysen - Senior Vice President, Agilent President, Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - Senior Vice President, Agilent President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Conference Call Participants Doug Sctheynkel - Cowen and Company Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Steve Beuchaw - Wolfe Research Dan Brennan - UBS Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William Quirk - Piper Jaffray Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre’ll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And now, I’d like to introduce you to tthey host for today’s conference, Ankur Dhingra, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad. Ankur Dhingra Thank you, Mike, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent’s fourth quarter and full-year conference call for fiscal year 2019. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent’s President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent’s Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Bob’s comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent’s Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of Agilent’s Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Mark Doak, President of tthey Agilent’s CrossLab Group. You can find tthey press release, investor presentation and information to supplement today’s discussion on our website at investor.agilent.com. Today’s comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year. References to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of October 31. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company’s recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Ankur, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on our call today. Wtheyn I became CEO, I knew we had tthey opportunity to become a growth company. We would do ttheir by investing in fast-growing markets with a building and buying approach. We also set out to create a more resilient company business model, capable of delivering strong earnings in a variety of market conditions. To accomplish ttheir, we developed a roader base of growth and a more flexible and efficient cost structure. As you know, transforming a decades-old company is not an easy task, but I believed in tthey strength and determination of tthey Agilent team. Tthey fourth quarter and full-year results I will share today are a testament to tthey commitment of tthey Agilent team and ttheyir ability to step up to meet ttheir challenge. We strongly closed our fiscal 2019, with fourth quarter results exceeding our expectations. Agilent’s Q4 revenue of $1.37 billion is up 4% on a core basis against a 9% compare. And we have momentum going into 2020 as orders outpaced revenue. EPS of $0.89 is up 10% for tthey quarter. Both our top line revenue and EPS are above tthey high-end of our fourth quarter guidance. Operating margin of 25.1% is up 50 basis points over last year. Q4 marks tthey 19th consecutive quarter of adjusted operating margin expansion delivered by tthey Agilent team. Our higtheyr than expected top line is led by 10% core growth from our Agilent CrossLab Group. Business is also strong for our Diagnostics and Genomics Group, delivering 7% core growth. Our Life Sciences and Applied Markets revenues are in line with expectations, down 2% against a 9% growth compare. Tthey pharma, diagnostics and clinical, and tthey environmental and forensics markets continue to lead our growth. High single-digit U.S. growth is stronger than forecasted with ottheyr regions coming in as expected. Growth in China declined low single digits as expected. Agilent’s growth strategy of building and buying in fast-growing markets is on full display in Q4. During tthey quarter, we closed tthey acquisition of BioTek. Ttheir is our largest acquisition since tthey launch of tthey new Agilent in 2015. BioTek brings a superb team and an excellent high-growth, highly profitable business to Agilent. Tthey acquisition of BioTek complements our earlier acquisition ttheir year of ACEA BioSciences. Both acquisitions are part of our growing cell analysis business serving biopharma and academic research customers. Agilent’s cell analysis business is now generating more than $250 million in annual revenue, about 5% of company revenues, and is growing at a double-digit rate. We are also continuing to invest internally to drive new organic growth. In Q4, we recognized tthey first revenue from our new oligo API manufacturing site in Frederick, Colorado. Tthey high-quality, GMP grade oligos produced at ttheir site are key to a new class of drugs being developed by our biopharma customers. Investing in ttheir facility is part of our overall strategy to build a larger biopharma business. We are expecting continued strong growth in ttheir business as we ramp volume throughout tthey coming year. Finally, in October, I traveled to tthey UK to open a new state-of-tthey-art facility at tthey Harwell Science and Innovation Campus. Tthey site will be a major R&D hub for laser spectroscopy and will also incorporate Agilent’s Raman spectroscopy business. Our recent acquisitions and ttheyse capital investments in Colorado and tthey UK are very visible examples of our continued and relentless focus on investing for growth. Hey, let’s now shift gears and look at our full-year fiscal 2019 results. We had a very solid year, generating $5.2 billion in revenue, representing 5% core growth. Strength in tthey pharma, clinical and diagnostics, and environmental and forensics markets led tthey way. Regionally, tthey U.S. set tthey pace, growing in tthey high single digits. Tthey U.S. was followed by mid single-digit growth in Asia outside of China. Europe and China grew at low single digits for tthey year. Full-year earnings per share grew 11% to $3.11. Tthey result is anottheyr year of double-digit earnings per share growth. Tthey full-year operating margin of 23.3% is up 80 basis points over 2018, despite a full-year of tariff related duties. Our investments in ACG continue to yield dividends. ACG grew a stellar 10% for tthey year. We are theylping customers transform ttheyir analytical lab operations by anticipating and meeting ttheyir evolving needs. DGG is also delivering very strong results, with 9% core growth for tthey year. We’re capturing market share in our pathology business, expanding our presence in next-gen sequencing and furttheyr building our oligo API business. During tthey year, DGG crossed tthey billion-dollar revenue threshold and now represents approximately 20% of Agilent’s business. LSAG revenues declined 1% on a core basis as we faced some market theyadwinds. We remain committed to investing for future LSAG growth and market share gains. Our new product development pipeline remains full. During tthey year, we introduced a number of innovative new products, including tthey launch of a new family of groundbreaking gas chromatographs and molecular spectroscopy instruments. At ttheir year’s ASMS Conference, we introduced several new differentiated LC/MS offerings, including tthey 6546 LC-QTOF and 6495C LC triple-quad systems. As we theyad in 2020, our LSAG product portfolio and go-to-customer field team have never been stronger. Agilent continues to operate from a position of strength. We are well-positioned to capture market share. Before I turn tthey call over to Bob, I want to remind you of tthey Agilent shareholder value creation model: deliver above market growth, while expanding operating margins, along with a balanced deployment of capital with a priority on investing for growth. Tthey result, delivery of superior earnings per share growth. In driving value creation, we’ve built a broader base of growth and a more resilient business model. We were tested ttheir year with economic and political uncertainties leading to subdued demand for new instrument purchases. Yet, we delivered 5% core growth, operating margins improved 80 basis points and delivered anottheyr year of double-digit EPS growth. We deployed more than $1.5 billion in M&A and growth-focused capital investments. On tthey M&A front, we’re very pleased with tthey performance to date of BioTek and ACEA BioSciences. We remain on tthey hunt for similar types of growth opportunities. I’m increasingly confident in tthey Agilent team’s ability to pursue larger-scale acquisitions and deliver on value creation synergies. We continue to review potential acquisitions as part of our building and buying growth strategy. Now more than ever, I’m convinced we’re in an exceptionally strong position for tthey future. Ttheir is particularly relevant as we move into 2020, a milestone for us at Agilent as we celebrate 20 years as an independent company. While uncertainties persist in some end-markets as we start fiscal year 2020, we’re operating from a position of strength. We have built and will sustain our track record of delivering results, working as a One Agilent on behalf of our customers and shareholders. I’m very proud of tthey results tthey Agilent team delivered in tthey fourth quarter and throughout tthey year. I know you’ve theyard me say ttheir before, but I truly believe tthey best is yet to come for Agilent, our customers and our investors. Thank you for being on tthey call today and I look forward to your questions. I will now hand tthey call off to Bob. I mean, that was a Freudian [ph] slip. I’ll now hand tthey call off to Bob. We don’t have a new CEO – CFO. Bob, you want to take it from theyre? Robert McMahon Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I’ll provide some additional revenue detail and take you through tthey fourth quarter income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics. I’ll ttheyn finish up with our guidance for 2020 and tthey first quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. As Mike indicated, our fourth quarter results were very good with strong execution throughout tthey P&L. For tthey quarter, revenue was $1.37 billion, reflecting core revenue growth of 4%. Reported growth was stronger at 6%. Currency negatively impacted revenue by roughly 2 points, while acquisitions added 4 points to overall revenue, reflecting tthey impact of a partial quarter of revenue from tthey BioTek acquisition in addition to earlier acquisitions. From an end market perspective, pharma, our largest market, had 7% core growth in tthey quarter, especially impressive off of a tough 14% comparison from last year. Our large molecule biopharma business and CrossLab strength continue to drive strong results. Geographically, all regions grew with tthey strongest growth in Americas and China. In speaking of China, despite tthey debate regarding tthey pharma market and tthey 4+7 program, our pharma business in China grew double digits for tthey year. Continuing revenue in tthey environmental and forensics market grew 9% in tthey quarter. Ttheir is against a very tough compare of 17% growth last year. Growth was balanced between LSAG and ACG and continues to be driven by evolving regulations, especially concerning opioids. Diagnostics and clinical revenue grew 7% during Q4, led by strength in our pathology and companion diagnostics businesses. Within pathology, continued expansion of our PD-L1 business was a key highlight. Revenue from tthey ctheymical and energy end market came in as expected, with 1% growth. Decline in instruments were offset by strength in tthey CrossLab’s business. Academia and government declined 4% against tthey tough compare of 10% growth last year. We still see tthey funding environments in academia and government remaining stable though. And finally, consistent with expectations, food revenue declines about 5% due to tthey China food market. Despite tthey year-over-year declines, we were encouraged that for tthey third quarter in a row, tthey run rate in China continues to be stable. On a geographic basis, tthey Americas came in stronger than expected with 9% growth during tthey quarter, led by strong results in tthey pharma, diagnostics and environmental markets. Europe modestly exceeded our expectations, delivering a 4% growth rate with balance strength across most markets and groups. China came in as expected, declining in tthey low single digits against a very strong compare of 16% growth last year. Excluding food, China was up slightly. In wrapping up, Asia ex-China declined low single digits. Now turning to tthey rest of tthey P&L, fourth quarter gross margin was 56.5%. Ttheir was down 120 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by product mix in LSAG, tthey start-up costs at our Frederick, Colorado site and a higtheyr revenue mix from ACG. It’s reporting to remember that, while ACG’s gross margin is lower than tthey company average due to tthey services component, tthey ACG business has done a fantastic job of driving strong operating margin leverage. In fact, ACG’s operating margin led tthey company for tthey quarter and tthey year. So ACG is not only theylping drive our recurring revenues, it’s doing so at a very accretive pace. In terms of operating margin, our fourth quarter margin was 25.1%, up 50 basis points, driven by operating expense leverage and strong expense management. Tthey quarter also capped off full-year operating margin of 23.3%, an increase of 80 basis points over tthey prior year. Now wrapping up tthey income statement, our non-GAAP EPS for tthey quarter came in at $0.89, up 10% versus last year and $0.03 higtheyr than tthey top-end of our guidance. And as Mike mentioned, our full-year earnings per share of $3.11 increased 11% versus last year. Now turning to some ottheyr financial metrics. For tthey quarter, we generated $314 million in operating cash flow. We acquired BioTek for $1.165 billion and returned $100 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Lastly in tthey quarter, we took advantage of market conditions and refinanced $500 million of senior notes early, producing our future interest costs. All in all, a very active quarter. Now before moving to next year’s guidance, I want to recap how we have deployed capital ttheir year. As we mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey year, we plan to focus our capital deployment towards growth-oriented assets and driving returns to our shareholders. To that end, we’ve deployed over $2.3 billion ttheir year: $1.4 billion in M&A for BioTek and ACEA and more than $900 million in share repurchases and dividends. And we ended tthey year with a very theyalthy balance ttheyyet, allowing plenty of capacity for furttheyr capital deployment. Now let’s turn to our non-GAAP financial guidance for tthey 2020 fiscal year, beginning with tthey full-year guidance. For tthey full-year, we’re expecting revenue to range from $5.50 billion to $5.55 billion, representing core growth of 4% to 5% and reported growth of 6.5% to 7.5%. Currency is estimated to negatively impact growth by 0.3 percentage points with M&A contributing roughly 2.7 to 2.9 percentage points of growth for tthey full-year. From a group perspective, we expect ACG to sustain tthey momentum and deliver high single-digit growth, driven by broad-based strength. Tthey DGG business is expected to grow at a high single-digit to low double-digit rate with our NASD Frederick facility ramping throughout tthey year, and we anticipate a modest recovery for LSAG roughly flat on a core basis. Now moving down tthey P&L, we expect modest operating leverage. And also embedded in our forecast is we expect tthey ottheyr income and expense line to be roughly $40 million to $45 million in net expense, with year-over-year change driven largely by tthey interest expense as we enter tthey year in a net debt position. We expect our tax rate to improve by 50 basis points to slightly above 16% and our full-year diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $312 million, essentially flat to Q4 of ttheir year and reflecting only anti-dilutive share repurchases throughout tthey year. All ttheir translates to non-GAAP EPS expected to be between $3.38 and $3.43 per share, resulting in 9% to 10% growth on a reported basis. Finally, we expect operating cash flow of approximately $775 million to $800 million. Ttheir includes a one-time tax outflow of roughly $230 million in tthey first quarter to transfer certain intangibles related to prior acquisitions. Ttheir tax will reduce our U.S. transition tax dollar-for-dollar and will provide us with operational and tax benefits in tthey future. We’ve also announced raising our dividend by 10%, continuing a streak of double-digit increases and providing anottheyr source of value to our shareholders. Now turning into Q1 guidance. For Q1, we’re expecting revenue to range from $1.34 billion to $1.355 billion, representing reported growth of 4.3% to 5.5% and core growth of 2.5% to 3.5%. Tthey lower organic growth in Q1 reflects tthey impact of tthey timing of tthey Lunar New Year, which ttheir year falls into our fiscal first quarter. We anticipate ttheir adversely affecting tthey growth rate in tthey first quarter by roughly 1 point. In addition, tthey growth rate takes into account tthey Frederick site ramp that will occur over tthey year. First Quarter 2020 non-GAAP earnings are expected to be in tthey range of $0.80 to $0.81 per share, representing reported growth of 5% to 7%. EPS growth in Q1 is lower than tthey full-year based on tthey revenue growth, tthey Frederick start-up costs and certain share-based compensation costs that are expensed in tthey first quarter. Now before opening tthey call for questions, let me conclude by saying we are very pleased with tthey results our Agilent team was able to achieve ttheir past year, while continuing to take focus on taking full advantage of tthey opportunities in front of us. We are positioning our business towards stronger secular growth markets and driving higtheyr recurring revenue streams. We clearly saw tthey results of ttheir in 2019 and we entered 2020 with a strong portfolio and with momentum. With that, Ankur, back to you for tthey Q&A. Ankur Dhingra Thank you, Bob. Mike, if you can please provide instructions for tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Doug Sctheynkel from Cowen. Doug Sctheynkel Hey, good afternoon, guys…. Mike McMullen Hey, Doug. Doug Sctheynkel …and thank you for taking my questions. So maybe first with just a cleanup question. Did fiscal 2019 NASD revenue come in around $100 million as expected? And can you give us more detail on what you’re assuming for NASD revenue in 2020? I know you said you expect it to ramp over tthey course of tthey year. But if you actually gave a number, I might have missed that. Mike McMullen So I’ll pass that to Bob. Doug Sctheynkel Okay Mike McMullen Bob? Doug Sctheynkel Yes. Robert McMahon Thanks, Doug. Yes, it came in generally in line a little better than that and we’re expecting very significant growth in FY 2020. Doug Sctheynkel Okay. So recognizing it, we don’t have a specific number, but just talking about it qualitatively and maybe taking everything up a level. You set tthey low-end of 2020 core revenue growth guidance at 4%. And ttheir would be tthey – I think, tthey lowest core growth rate since at least 2011. And whatever that tailwind is from NASD, it makes tthey setting guidance at those levels even more notable. Based on what you guys just did in tthey quarter and tthey way you sound, that – it seems like you’re really just setting tthey bar at a level that embed some pretty conservative assumptions on tthey low-end. So I guess, specifically, would you guys be willing to talk about what conditions would need to exist for ttheir scenario to become reality? Things like – at 4%, what are you assuming for China food? What are you assuming for 4+7 in terms of tthey downside risk ttheyre? And is ttheyre something you’re factoring in that would suggest ttheyre’s a scenario wtheyre things actually get worse in terms of overall global capital equipment demand? Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks, Doug. Let me start and ttheyn Bob will jump in on ttheir. So I think we don’t want to overthink ttheir one. So ttheir is our initial guide for tthey year. And you’re right, it would represent, if, in fact, that was an actual growth number – our loss growth rate in a number of years. But it’s just an initial guide, as you theyard earlier, you theyard a lot of words as expected with upside. So, we’re going to position our initial guide with tthey room for upside on tthey plan for tthey year. And… Robert McMahon Yes, I would say, Doug, to build on what Mike was saying. I think we were taking a kind of a prudent approach to guidance. Obviously, if we were at that level, we’d be disappointed and something would happen in tthey macro economic environment that we’re not expecting. We’re not seeing anything right now that would suggest that tthey market conditions are getting any worse. Ttheir – that would suggest that market conditions probably would get worse and LSAG would not come back and it would continue to decline. But we’re, again, we’re at tthey beginning of tthey year ttheyre. Our – I think, we’re prudent theyre, but we like to believe that ttheyre’s a lot of opportunities for growth going forward. Doug Sctheynkel Okay, that’s super theylpful. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike McMullen Thank you, Doug. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Tycho Peterson Hey, thanks. Question on tthey small molecule business. I’m… Mike McMullen Hi, good afternoon. Tycho Peterson …theyy, good afternoon. I’m wondering if you could talk on small molecule performance in tthey quarter. I know earlier in tthey year, you talked about a slowing global pharma business. Just curious how you’re thinking about tthey replacement cycle and was any of tthey instruments slowdown on tthey pharma side? Mike McMullen In fact, Tycho, I think you’re – theyy, Tycho, happy to jump in on ttheir one and feel free Jacob to add your comments as well. But in Q2, we called out what seemed to be a slowing replacement cycle – replacement level in tthey generic side or small molecule side of tthey Pharma segment. We really haven’t seen any evidence of that in tthey third and fourth quarter. And as Bob mentioned in tthey script, we had double-digit growth in pharma, 4+7 initiative, which is theyavily focused on small molecule is not impacting our business. We put a really solid numbers. And I think we’re seeing tthey growth in small molecule fairly theyalthy, along with higtheyr levels in tthey biopharma side. But really tthey pressure on tthey instrument side really on a growth rate perspective has really come in tthey food segment, primarily in China as well as tthey global ctheymical energy market. And, Jacob, I don’t know if you have anything else you’d like to add ttheyre? Jacob Thaysen Mike, I think you have covered a lot of it. Tthey only thing to add ttheyre is that, we, as you mentioned, but – that we do see tthey growth in tthey QA/QC environment, maybe less in tthey discovery from small molecules. But we continue to expect that volume will be ttheyre and continue to increase in tthey small molecules going forward also. Tycho Peterson Okay. And ttheyn, Mike, for your commentary on C&E, for instruments, are you assuming any recovery next year on tthey instrument side? Mike McMullen No. That’s basically flat, kind of basically flat conditions. So – and back to tthey question, Doug, you asked earlier, if we would see some improvement in tthey ctheymical energy that would really represent upside to our our initial guide. So we’re assuming kind of continued conditions. Ttheyy’ve been challenged ttheir year. So we’re assuming ttheyy continue into FY 2020, no change ttheyre. But if it would change tthey positive that would be upside to our current plan. Tycho Peterson Gotcha. Mike McMullen And I think tthey resilience of our model really showed in ttheir past quarter and tthey full-year, which is, while ctheymical industry is down on tthey instrument side, we actually had some modest growth ttheyre wtheyn – with tthey aftermarket side of our business. Tycho Peterson Okay. And ttheyn one quick one for Bob, just to close on tthey M&A comments. Can you just remind us your framework? Are you still assuming $1 billion-ish type deal would be tthey ceiling wtheyre we’re obviously getting tthey question a lot as ottheyr analysts? Mike McMullen No, no, let me take that one. If it wasn’t clear in tthey script, I actually explicitly said that we’re increasingly confident on our ability to take on larger-scale acquisitions and deliver on value creation and synergies. I would not put a ceiling like that on our appetite for deals. Tycho Peterson Are you able to talk about ceiling on leverage, or wtheyre you would go? Mike McMullen Yes. Go atheyad, Bob. Robert McMahon Yes. Yes, we are still committed to being investment grade. Obviously, being ending tthey year at roughly a little less than one-time net debt levered. That gives us a lot of opportunity to – if tthey right deal were ttheyre to kind of lever up with tthey commitment to kind of paying back down. Now, again, we’re going to be remained financially disciplined and focused on returns, but we do have a fair amount of room ttheyre. Tycho Peterson Okay. Thank you. Mike McMullen You’re welcome. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Brandon Couillard Okay, thanks. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Brandon. Brandon Couillard Mike or Bob, could you give us any color in terms of what you’ve penciled in for China for fiscal 2020? And to sort of speak to your level of visibility in tthey food business and perhaps some early traction that you might be getting with some of those private labs? Robert McMahon Yes. Yes, I’ll start and ttheyn Mike, or perhaps, Jake, if you wanted to add anything. We are expecting a modest recovery in China next year. We ended ttheir year at roughly 1%, a large part of that being tthey theyadwinds that we’re seeing in food. We’re expecting that China to become kind of low single digits to mid high, or mid single digits, depending on kind of that food recovery. We have some – tthey good news is, over tthey last three quarters, we’ve been roughly averaging ttheir $40 million per quarter that we talked about. So we’re on ttheir trajectory of – in China being $160 million kind of run rate. And our expectation is that, we’ll continue to – we’re not going to speculate growth ttheyre, but be at that level next year, which will theylp tthey rest of tthey business grow. So we will – because we won’t have that theyadwind. Mike McMullen Yes, I think it’s really important that we define what do we mean by recovery, which mainly means continue at tthey flat level it’s been running for tthey last three quarters, about $40 million a quarter. And just to put a number on ttheir, I believe, Bob, about 4 points of our growth in China ttheir year was impacted by tthey food market. Robert McMahon That’s correct. Mike McMullen So we fast forward, you could do tthey math and said, okay, it would just stays flat with what we’ve seen for tthey last three quarters. You’d expect that we would grow above what we’ve grown ttheir year in China. And ttheyn to your question about tthey contract testing side, Jacob, I think it’s high single-digit growth ttheyre. So… Jacob Thaysen Yes. Mike McMullen …really, we’re doing quite well ttheyre. Jacob Thaysen Yes. We – I was actually recently theyre in China. And clearly, tthey private labs are doing quite well. We see strong growth now from a different base than wtheyre we are on tthey government labs. But even with tthey government labs and certain types are – ttheyre are certain some investments going in, but not to tthey level that we’ve seen before. So that’s why we don’t see a lot of movements right now. We won’t. Brandon Couillard Thanks. And a follow-up for Bob. Could you just elaborate a little more color on tthey tax hit, tthey one-time tax hit on tthey cash full on you expect in tthey first quarter? And kind of tthey mechanics of what it relates to in terms of tthey intangibles, reclassification, and any implications it might have for tthey tax rate beyond next year? Thanks. Robert McMahon Yes. So it is a one-time opportunity that we have afforded ourselves. We’re moving some intangible property out of one of our acquisitions into our tax model. It’s going to require us to pay tthey $230 million upfront in taxes, but that’s going to be creditable to our already existing liability for our U.S. transition tax. And so it’s effectively a one-for-one kind of credit ttheyre. So it’s not an incremental cost to us over time. And what it allows us to do by putting ttheir – it’s related to tthey Dako acquisition. It allows us to streamline our operational activities, as well as overtime, generate some tax benefits. That will likely happen in 2021 and beyond, so it’s part of our kind of multi-year tax planning initiatives that we’ve been talking about. Brandon Couillard Very good. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. And… Mike McMullen Hey, Vijay. Vijay Kumar …Mike, maybe a big picture question. I just – if I think about wtheyre PMIs are, I think, PMIs are bottoming out. But from your commentary, I guess, what you’re saying is, you’re still expecting whatever trends we saw for 2019 as a base case, you’re assuming those trends continue into next year. I’m just curious PMIs are bottoming out, why is that a reasonable assumption going forward? Mike McMullen I want to see tthey orders first. So – and back – getting back to tthey earlier question about guide, that’s why we went into level we did, which was, if you go back and look at Agilent’s overall results for 2019, ttheyy really were quite strong. But tthey growth came from different parts of tthey businesses than we expected. And we’re sitting in Q2 and Q1 last year, PMIs started dropping, and you see – saw a level of conservatism in our customer-buying behavior. So we said, okay, ttheyre’s reason to believe to your point that it could actually be a different environment in 2020. Let’s not guide assuming that. Let’s just – let’s see it happen and ttheyn we’ll take up tthey guide appropriately and take tthey orders of business. Robert McMahon Yes. I think, Vijay, ttheir is Bob. Just to add on to what Mike is saying. I mean, what we’re trying to do like everyone else is kind of read tthey tea leaves. And our best view is that, until we start seeing something different that it’s going to remain tthey same as it is today. And if it does rebound, that would be good. We would like that. Yes. Vijay Kumar That – that’s theylpful, guys. And ttheyn, Bob, one quick question on operating leverage. It looks like tthey guide is contemplating modest operating leverage, maybe 30, 35 basis points for next year. I’m just – I mean, that Q4 performance, ttheir is really impressive what you guys did on tthey OpEx side. Any thoughts on why maybe leverage for next year, Rob, moderates a little bit? Is that maybe a little bit more spend to – on tthey growth initiatives you guys have? Robert McMahon Yes, some of it is that and we have a full-year of tthey Frederick costs that are going to be built into tthey results in 2020 that we didn’t have. We really just had that in Q4. And obviously, Q4 is one of our strongest years of – our strongest quarter. So we get a lot of leverage ttheyre. But we feel pretty good about that. And I think we’ve demonstrated ttheir year an ability to manage our operating expenses to continue to drive double-digit growth on tthey earnings side and continue to drive operating margin leverage. So I think, you should feel confident that we’ll continue to do that going forward. Vijay Kumar Thanks, guys. Mike McMullen You’re welcome. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Steve Beuchaw Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for tthey time theyre. Mike McMullen Hi, Steve. Steve Beuchaw Hi, Mike, thanks for tthey time theyre, again. A few things I’d like to tie up. I mean, Mike, I wonder if first, you might elaborate a little bit on a point that you made in your prepared remarks. Wtheyn you said that orders in tthey quarter actually grew, I believe faster than revenue. I wonder if you could talk about wtheyre you’re seeing acceleration? And to what extent, if any particular region, maybe Japan was a driver ttheyre knowing ttheyre are some tax incentives in Japan? Mike McMullen Thanks. Thanks for doing that. We thought it was really important to give tthey audience a view of tthey order activity in tthey quarter. We typically don’t like to plan – we typically don’t comment on that. But given tthey Q1 guide and some of tthey nuances around Lunar New Year and such, I want to let you – let tthey audience know that we ended tthey year in a strong backlog position, but tthey orders really exceeding tthey amount of revenue for tthey quarter. And I’d say, tthey quarter in orders was very similar to tthey quarter in terms of tthey revenues that you saw, which was strength in tthey Americas, strengttheyn in pharma from an end market, very strong results in ACG, DGG, cell analysis. So – and ttheyn tthey environmental side continues to put up really great numbers off of double-digit compares. So I think tthey Q4 order book was very similar in terms of pattern and areas of strength that we saw on tthey revenue side that I commented in my script. Robert McMahon Yes. Tthey only thing I’m going to say, I was just going to be… Mike McMullen …built new. Mike McMullen Yes. Steve, to more specifically to your question on Japan, we did not see any one-time build ttheyre, that was at tthey end of tthey fiscal year. Our fiscal quarter actually was across that, that timeframe. So we saw normal growth in Japan, which actually speaks to kind of tthey broad-based strength that Mike was just talking about. Steve Beuchaw Okay, great. Very theylpful. And ttheyn just, let’s say, two very quick points to tie up with tthey model. I guess one on NASD. I know you don’t want to give a specific number as it relates to what tthey contribution on revenues might be for fiscal 2020. But could you spend a minute just on how close you are to getting capacity ttheyre booked up? And wtheyn you think it – wtheyttheyr it’s 2021 or 2022, we might see tthey Frederick location running closer to that incremental capacity and ttheyn actually, I’ll tie it up right ttheyre? Thanks, again, for all tthey theylp. Mike McMullen Bob, I think you’ve been joining in tthey same questions with Sam. So… Robert McMahon Yes, yes, yes. Mike McMullen So you and I both want to… Robert McMahon Yes. Why don’t I start it. Mike McMullen …and I’ll jump in. Robert McMahon …from tthey question earlier, in tthey Q&A, we felt very good about kind of wtheyre we ended up tthey year. We had very strong growth. And we ended up, as I mentioned, slightly above tthey $100 million. And as we had talked about before, ttheyre was $100 million of capacity that would be ramping up over tthey course of tthey year. Many folks have modeled kind of a $50 million number and that’s in tthey ballpark. And in tthey ramp is really dependent upon how tthey clinical trials go and so forth. And so, maybe I’ll turn it over to Sam, to talk about kind of some of tthey dynamics, but obviously, some very positive things that have happened in tthey market just recently. Sam Raha Yes, Bob, I think you you’ve already laid tthey groundwork. Steve, how are you? We continue to be excited about tthey NASD business. And Boulder, just to remind you, is an ongoing important part of our NASD capacity capability ttheyre. And ttheyre have been some announcements recently, you might have seen that ttheyy just really reaffirmed what’s in our plan, tthey ability to grow and support tthey growing demand in tthey market for our customers. So Bob, really, I don’t have a lot to add to what you already said. We expect by tthey time we exit tthey year and you’re running… Robert McMahon I think, it’s fair to say, we’re not running into challenges to fill up tthey site. Sam Raha That’s right. Robert McMahon I mean, we’ll just kind of leave it at that. Sam Raha Yes. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Brennan from UBS. Mike McMullen Hey, Dan. Robert McMahon Hey, Dan. Dan Brennan So, Mike, maybe just on China, if you don’t mind. China, you said pharma grew double digits in tthey quarter in China. But could you just spike out tthey generic issue ttheyre? And kind of how did generics specifically do in tthey quarter? And maybe kind of what’s assumed in 2020 versus what you achieved in 2019 with generics ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. How about if I used tthey word 4+7 in that whole segment, excuse me, that whole segment of small molecule, I think it was up double-digit for us. Jacob Thaysen Yes. I mean, as Mike mentioned, we after tthey first 4+7 around and tthey winners were announced, we certainly also see we are market leader in that space and that by we have access to many of those customers out ttheyre. So we, of course, in demand from those customers also. That would be more 4+7 or more activities in that space. But generally, speaking, we feel that we have a quite good predictability in that market now. Mike McMullen Yes. Dan, I think that actually played out tthey way we had thought during tthey year. Once tthey initial announcements were done and tendering process started, tthey whole market pause for us to release a good quarter. And ttheyn as we had thought would happen is tthey – once tthey winners were announced and we were actually over-indexed in those accounts, so we had already preexisting strong relationship with those customers. Ttheyn we would see ttheir return to growth we saw it in Q3 and we saw it in Q4, and we think tthey – that momentum is with us as we move into 2020. Robert McMahon Yes. I think Dan, ttheir is Bob. Just to build on what Mike and Jake were saying. I think what we’ve seen is kind of tthey notion of tthey higtheyr quality, higtheyr volumes and our ability to provide not only instrumentation, but tthey consumables and tthey software associated with that to keep up time in tthey lab is really resonating with our customers. And so I think tthey combination of both tthey LSAG business and tthey ACG business is a true, what we think is a competitive differentiator across ttheir, and ttheir is a proof point for us. Dan Brennan Great. Thank you for that. And ttheyn maybe back on C&E, I know, I think tthey Tycho’s question, Bob – Mike, excuse me, I think, you discussed instruments, maybe flat is tthey way to think about tthey outlook from theyre conservatively? Can you just maybe speak to kind of what tthey interest level is like from tthey Intuvo and ttheyn tthey two larger instrument platforms today? And kind of what are tthey guideposts towards wtheyn maybe we could see that instrument demand pickup? Because I assume ttheyre has to be some good latent demand for tthey new instruments. Mike McMullen Yes. In fact, we’re already seeing that. So it’s actually wtheyn you dig into tthey details on tthey order book and tthey revenue results, in fact, we just had a review last week with Jacob on their ramp to volume. And they knew, tthey new 8890 and 8860 GCs are actually – it’s – on tthey dashboard, it shows green being theyad of our internal ramp to volume forecast. So we think that it’s already happening. And ttheyn ottheyr parts of tthey instrument portfolio, so tthey ctheymical energy aren’t seeing tthey same type of demand. But ttheir shows you wtheyn you come out with a new set of offerings, tthey marketplaces have a clear value proposition to customers that drives productivity even in a market environment, wtheyre capital is a little bit tighter, you can get tthey order. And, Jacob, I know you’ve been out with some customers recently, but if you could anything else you’d like to add to that? Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. I think tthey 88 series really resonate with tthey customer base. And even though, it is a muted environment, we do see that ttheyre is interest and we do see, as you know, that we have a really strong ramp to volume. But tthey customer really like about it is that, we continue with tthey higtheyst quality and higtheyst performance in tthey market, but now also with a lot of what we call smart performance in tthey instruments – a lot of intelligence. So with instrument actually knows what it’s doing and it can put predictive maintenance in. In fact, we put out something that’s called smart alerts now that customers are really excited about that ttheyy can get an overview over ttheyir labs and get access to what’s actually happening instruments, so ttheyy can be predictive in ttheyir expectations. Mike McMullen And it also creates an ongoing revenue stream for us as well. Jacob Thaysen Absolutely. Dan Brennan Great. Excellent. Thanks a lot and congrats. Mike McMullen Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Derik de Bruin Hi, good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Derik. Robert McMahon Hi, Derik. Derik de Bruin Hey. So actually, I wanted to follow on with that question thinking about tthey GC cycle and tthey upgrade. How much – can you estimate about how much tthey installed base was upgraded over tthey last few years. Now you’ve got a very big GC platform installed globally. Just curious in terms of wtheyre we are in tthey cycles once it picks up again? Mike McMullen I think, Jacob is raising their hand. He’d love to answer ttheir question. So… Jacob Thaysen Yes. We have – generally speaking, wtheyn we look into our refresh cycle, we do see that tthey market is looking at approximately 10% per year of refresh. So that also means that our instruments is out ttheyre for quite a long time. We are actively looking into that. We we do see – we actually believe that we are in tthey middle of a refresh cycle. It has been challenged with tthey overall market conditions. So we do believe actually wtheyn tthey market is coming back to wtheyn tthey PMI are starting to turn that that we would see an acceleration in that refresh cycle. Mike McMullen I think it’s fair to say to Jacob, ttheyre’s always, if you will, a replacement going on. Just – how much has actually been replaced. And I think we continue to see fairly high levels of aging in tthey installed base, which would point to perhaps somewhat of an acceleration of tthey replacement rate, assuming tthey market environment would improve. Yes. Robert McMahon Yes. Hey, Derik, one ottheyr thing that I think is probably pertinent theyre, it’s still early days. But wtheyn – if you recall, tthey launch is both at tthey high-end and tthey mid range. And what we really excited about was tthey potential to have a really compelling offering at tthey mid range, wtheyre we had not as much penetration as we did at tthey high-end. And while Mike was talking about our ramp to volume, Mike and Jake were talking about a ramp to volume being green for tthey business if you kind of parse ttheym out. I would say tthey mid price or tthey mid value range is dark green. Mike McMullen Which is a good thing, I think. Jacob Thaysen Which was a good thing. Derik de Bruin And so, once tthey China food business starts to snap back or come to pick up, again, I guess, can you – how should we think about that business? I mean, is ttheyre going to be a V-shaped curve since rebound is tthey latent demand ttheyre or is it going to be – is that market going to be a little bit less than we had grown in tthey past just given some new organizations in that market? Mike McMullen Yes. I think we won’t see tthey type of double-digit declines we saw ttheir year. As Jacob mentioned on tthey actual volume side, tthey number of samples being run is up double-digit. Tthey money has been down sharply at tthey central government level. We don’t expect that’s going to be tthey long-term situation. So right now for 2020, again, we’re just saying it’s going to be flat with tthey level we’ve seen for tthey last three quarters. That being said, our internal view is that ttheir is kind of a mid single-digit kind of grower. It’s going to – I mean, tthey China market itself is going to be least 6% to 8% growth rate and ttheir is probably about wtheyre ttheir business could be. It won’t be at tthey toward double-digit growth that is seen for tthey past decade. That being said, you won’t see ttheyse double-digit declines that we experienced in 2019. That’s why wtheyn we talk about a modest recovery in China really is, we’re just talking about lapping tthey compare on tthey food – from tthey food business. Derik de Bruin One final question. I mean, you’ve done a lot of acquisitions in tthey cell biology space recently. And admittedly, I’m a molecular biologist by training, I’m a cell biologist. So can you theylp me understand what you’re offering that’s novel in terms of how you put all ttheyse pieces togettheyr? And just sort of what are you bringing to market to customers that hasn’t been brought ttheyre before? I’m just trying to get a better understanding of sort of like tthey opportunity theyre. And along those lines, like do you need a broader molecular biology portfolio to continue to drive into that market? Thank you. Mike McMullen Yes, happy to do that, Derik. So I want to make some initial comments and Jacob is knee deep into ttheir business, and they can share with you some of tthey things that really differentiate ourselves theyre. So, I think we first got started down ttheir journey with tthey acquisition of Seahorse Bioscience. We really felt that was a really good first point with a differentiated offering with novel, unique technology that nobody had. But we also felt that we needed to have some more scale to be much more formal in tthey space. After tthey recent acquisition of ACEA Biosciences and tthey acquisition of BioTek, tthey $250 million-plus, we think we’ve got tthey scale. And we’re also very selective in terms of tthey types of companies we look at, tthey teams, tthey profile of tthey portfolio, so I think we’ve got something really especially that it differentiated. And Jacob, why don’t you talk about what we’re doing about tthey workflows and some ottheyr things? Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. So I’m certainly excited about our opportunity in tthey cell analysis space. And what I think is that two dynamics going on. First of all, with tthey recent rise of immune-oncology that we first play out in [indiscernible] now in tthey cell analysis also. And ttheyn, of course, generally speaking, immunology, that ttheyre’s a lot of interest in that space right now. And it really requires technologies that allow for life cell analysis, both from an imaging perspective, but also measuring tthey activity in tthey life cells. And those are tthey technologies that we’re providing between tthey BioTek, tthey Seahorse, tthey ACEA and tthey lots of technologies. So wtheyre we really differentiate is, first of all, tthey seahorse and ACEA Technologies are very differentiated understanding on ttheyir own, while BioTek have a very broad portfolio, including some very excited imaging technologies. But we have not bring ttheym togettheyr in workflow settings, wtheyre you can use basically tthey multi techniques to look at cell from many different angles and provide much deeper insight based on one informatics platform that nobody else can do in tthey market. So that I think that’s really wtheyre we differentiate versus competition. Jacob Thaysen And one of tthey things, Derik, we looked at was, we had already been working, for example, between tthey BioTek team and tthey CRS team actually have been working togettheyr prior to tthey acquisition. And we had proof points based on incremental business we had, which was customers really didn’t want to have independent instrumentation and data systems that really haven’t integrated software, integrating ttheyse workflows and really was – really had a differentiated value to customers, and ttheyy saw that was very important to ttheym and ttheyy were willing to give us tthey business as a result. Operator Your next question comes from Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. William Quirk Great, thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. Mike McMullen Hey, Bill. William Quirk First question is Mike and Bob, you guys have touctheyd on China several times already. But maybe we can talk a little bit about assumptions concerning ottheyr geographies in 2020? Are ttheyy any different than what you’re currently seeing in terms of both current business, as well as wall to your order book? Thanks. Mike McMullen Do you want to take that, Bob? Robert McMahon Yes, yes. No, that’s a great question, Bill. So let me kind of walk you through kind of how we’re thinking about tthey various markets. So we would expect that tthey Americas would continue to kind of lead tthey pace with kind of high single-digit growth. Europe, probably low single-digit growth going forward, pretty consistent with kind of how we’ve seen ttheir year kind of play out. And tthey rest of Asia, excluding China being in kind of in that low to mid single-digit growth. And so that’s kind of how we’re thinking about China. And China would be low to mid, yes. Mike McMullen Okay. William Quirk Got it. And ttheyn, Mike, to elaborate on an earlier comment that you made about tighter capital, can you just talk about how broadly you’re seeing that? Mike McMullen Oh, I think that comment was related to conditions we saw in 2019, that – and my comment really was, even wtheyn ttheyre’s tighter capital, which is what we saw with lower PMIs throughout ttheir year, customers are still willing to invest wtheyn you have a solution that theylps ttheym with ttheyir bottom line, ttheyir productivity, as well as ttheyir scientific results. So what I’m saying is, ttheyre’s a path forward to getting more business, even wtheyn capital is tight. William Quirk Okay. So you’re not suggesting obviously ttheyn that ttheyre’s some sort of lack of availability, it really has to do with, if you have tthey right product, you can find it? Mike McMullen Yes, correct. Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. William Quirk Okay, got it. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery. Paul Knight Hey, Mike. Could you talk about… Mike McMullen Hi, Paul. Paul Knight …tthey – your position in biopharma, specifically a large molecule is what portion do you think of tthey business today? And wtheyre would you like that to be, I guess, would be a good color? Thank you. Mike McMullen Yes, happy to do so, Paul. And as Bob mentioned, we’ve been having – we have strong pharma results, again, ttheir quarter. Ttheir has been kind of consistent story for Agilent over tthey last several years. During that period of time, we’ve been consistently growing our biopharma portion, our large molecule portion of that business double-digit. I think, a couple years ago was probably maybe about 15% of our pharma business. Now it’s up to probably north of 20% and we think that rate will continue. It’s not because tthey ottheyr side has been shrinking, it’s because we think we’ve been obviously investing very theyavily, eittheyr through new instrument platforms, marked on some acquisitions in ttheir area. So while we don’t have a specific percentage in mind, I would expect every time I start talking you through tthey coming years, you’re going to see a higtheyr part of tthey – of our business in biopharma. In fact, wtheyn we come out to – at tthey conference again ttheir year, we’ll probably talk more specifically about tthey entirety of our biopharma business. I dropped a lot of comments today about NASD and some cell analysis. So a lot of stuff ultimately comes in into a lot of us into tthey biopharma end market. We often think about biopharma business just being associated with LC and LCMS, but ttheyre’s a lot more to tthey story. Paul Knight Okay. And on tthey academic side, it was soft. What was specifically did do you see going on in tthey U.S. market in tthey quarter? Mike McMullen We dug into ttheir, honestly, it’s probably worth calling. And as best we can see really was just about tthey strength of tthey business we had last year, I think it was about over 10% growth last year. So nothing really is really changing in that environment and continue to see very solid and stable funding environment. Sometimes ttheyre’s seasonality a bit with that business, but I think that’s really all we could really saw ttheym. Jacob Thaysen That’s right. I mean, that business is one of our smaller businesses, and it can be kind of lumpy and so forth and had a very strong Q4. Paul Knight Okay. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda from SVB Leerink. Puneet Souda Hi, Mike, thanks for tthey question. Mike McMullen Hi, Puneet. Puneet Souda So ttheir appears to be anottheyr quarter of growth in CrossLab. So wondering what continues to be tthey strength ttheyre. What’s your confidence ttheyre longer-term? And it’s consistently about 8% growth for tthey – I mean, now, last three years. And so should we expect similar expectation theyre going forward into – and despite LSAG instruments being flat for tthey year, as you pointed out in your remarks, should we expect CrossLab’s longer-term to continue to do well, knowing that some of tthey instrumentation is being flat and with tthey consumables and service contracts will continue to grow? Mike McMullen I’m happy to comment on ttheir. Ttheir is a real success story, I think of tthey new ads and we architect ttheir strategy a couple of years ago. And we – I can recall, getting ttheir question almost every year wtheyn we had an 8% or 9% print, theyy, wtheyn’s it going to end? And we would say, it’s not going to end. We think that what’s going on theyre is really you have changing customer needs and you need to anticipate what’s going to happen and provide a new set of services and capabilities. really theylp ttheym with tthey economics on tthey lab in addition to tthey scientific results. So today, I think ttheir – and I hope it came through in tthey call script, which was we said, we really have demonstrated ttheir new business model ttheir year, wtheyre we can have strong growth in ACG, irrespective of wtheyttheyr or not tthey business in our new instrument side is as strong as we’d like it to be. So, as Bob said, tthey guide for next year, we’re quite confident in our ability to continue ttheir high single-digit kind of growth. Tthey services proposition we have and what we offer is really what we’re resonating with customers. You theyard, Jacob commenting a little bit on some of tthey work that goes on between Mark’s team and Jacob’s team to develop new capabilities around our instrument platforms, which leads into a set of new revenue streams on our services side. And on tthey consumer side, it’s been both a story of organic growth, but also continuing to add more to tthey portfolio through acquisitions. So I think we’re really quite confident about our ability to continue ttheir high single-digit growth rate really tied in also to how we’re enabling business differently on a digital perspective. So I hope it’s coming through that we’re highly confident about our – what we build and wtheyre ttheir business is going to go in tthey future. Robert McMahon Yes. I think, Puneet, theyy, ttheir is Bob. Puneet Souda Okay. Robert McMahon …just one ottheyr thing is, we’re talking about ttheir. If you looked at just tthey attach rates, we’ve got a number of programs that are driving increased attach rates. We have – we think we have a lot of room to continue to grow ttheyre. And I think tthey one thing that we’ve seen ttheir year is actually, as Mark and team have offered more services and more solutions, we’re actually seeing for tthey instruments that we are placing actually higtheyr value… Mike McMullen Yes. Robert McMahon ...tied to tthey service offerings. So we’re actually being able to create more value on a per box basis, given tthey portfolio that we’ve been able to derive. So ttheyre’s a lot of opportunity ttheyre. Jacob talked about some of tthey smart alerts and so forth, but we’re building ttheir intelligence in. But in addition, we’re actually creating more value wtheyn an instrument is sold and actually increasing tthey service component. Puneet Souda Okay, thanks. And if I could ctheyck on Dako, could you elaborate tthey contribution ttheyre on tthey quarter? I don’t know if you provided that and what’s your expectation that you’re breaking ttheyre for 2020? Mike McMullen Yes. I think we didn’t provide a specific number for me. But if you saw my comments, we talked about gaining market share in pathology and we’ve got a high single-digit growing business in DGG. And though a lot of today’s call has been focused on tthey growth rate from NASD. Pathology is tthey largest business in that group and it’s doing well. Puneet Souda Okay. And if I could squeeze in tthey last question on, Mike. Wtheyn we look at tthey last couple of years, pulling back a little bit higtheyr level. In terms of instrument launctheys, you had Intuvo, Ultivo, 8800 series, a number of launctheys. And ttheir would be about tthey time we would be seeing a benefit from those. So is tthey message theyre that those instruments continue to gain strong traction in tthey market? And it’s just tthey end markets that are sort of challenging you and tthey government dynamics in China, or is ttheyre any – anything more to that we should be looking into in terms of tthey instrumentation? And just give us, if you could take a moment and give us a sort of a view into tthey new instrument sort of outlook longer-term and how should we think about Agilent in that framework? Thank you. Mike McMullen Thanks, Puneet. I couldn’t have said it better myself, which is our product portfolio has never been stronger. We have had a continuing cadence of products, wtheyttheyr it’d be liquid chromatography, gas chromatography, LCMS, GCMS, molecular spectroscopy, tthey story just continues. So if ttheyre has been any softness relative to expectations in LSAG results, it’s all been some of tthey market environment conditions that you’ve described. And tthey fact that we’ve been able to continue to invest. We have invested in our field team, as well as I know, some of my competitors are pulling back ttheyir reins a bit, wtheyre we think we’re capturing share, we think we’re well positioned for – wtheyn some of ttheyse end markets start to turn to back to back to growth. We’ve seen some of ttheyse cycles before in tthey past. So I think tthey – and ttheyn I made a comment in my script about tthey product pipeline being full, which is what that was an indication of it. We have ottheyr projects. So we’re not going to introduce a bunch of instruments and ttheyn disappear for half a decade, you’re going to have a continuing cadence of products, new products, upgrades. So we feel like our NPI process is really humming right now. Operator Your last question comes from tthey line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Jack Meehan Thank you. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Hi, Jack. Jack Meehan Hey, so I can’t believe I got ttheir far in tthey call. But I wanted to ask how is tthey early integration of tthey BioTek acquisition going? And maybe can you also elaborate on tthey pacing of tthey revenue contribution? Wtheyn I look at tthey fourth quarter, tthey acquired growth was about a point better than I was looking for in terms of tthey incremental growth and tthey first quarter is about a point shy of what I was looking for, was ttheyre any movement ttheyre? Robert McMahon Yes. So… Jacob Thaysen I’ll take tthey last one and ttheyn I’ll turn it over to Jacob for tthey integration piece. So yes, we – in simple terms, we had talked about $20 million to $25 million worth of revenue. It was slightly better – it was better than that in tthey quarter. Going into Q1, tthey ACEA Biosciences acquisition moves into core. So that’s why it looks a little lower. It shows up as part of our core growth. In Q4, both ACEA and BioTek were in tthey M&A number. Mike McMullen And as I mentioned in my script, we’re very pleased with how tthey – we are on tthey early days in BioTek and Jacob, maybe just want to add a few comments. We just – we’ve had a big meeting with tthey field team few weeks ago, so… Jacob Thaysen Yes, exactly. I think tthey integration couldn’t have been better so far. I think we are really spending time on learning, of course, BioTek and ttheyy spend time learning us both from what processes we’re using, but also from a cultural perspective, we continue to be very excited about tthey team that we’re getting on board and how ttheyy fit well with tthey Agilent culture. So I’m very excited. Obviously, over tthey next year, we’re going to integrate ttheym. But – and – but I’m continuing to see a lot of momentum in tthey combined cell analysis business. Robert McMahon Yes. Our expectations is that business is going to grow double-digit. Mike McMullen Yes. Jack Meehan Okay, thank you. And ttheyn I was hoping just to wrap up getting mark-to-market… Operator One moment please. Jack Meehan, your line is open. Jack Meehan Okay, thank you. I was talking to myself for a second. Just follow-up I was hoping if you could give us a mark-to-market on Lasergen, I think you’re expecting first placements in tthey second-half of ttheir year at tthey last Analyst Day. Just how is tthey progress going ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. So technically, Sam, I think we’ve really been quite pleased with tthey progress and we’re not ready to call out intro date for tthey RUO unit yet? Sam Raha That’s right, Mike. We are making good technical progress in terms of tthey specifications that are pushing technology. And we are executing on our development roadmap and we’re not ready to share specifics on tthey launch date just yet. Robert McMahon I would say, Jack, ttheir is Bob. Our guidance doesn’t compretheynd any revenue ttheyre. And even back in tthey original guidance, ttheyre was no material revenue in 2020. Mike McMullen Okay, Jack? Jack Meehan Yep. Thank you, guys. Operator And that was our last question at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Ankur Dhingra All right. Thank you, everyone. With that, we will wrap up today’s call. Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.