Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 21, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Robert McMahon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jacob Thaysen - President, Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Sam Raha - President, Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group Conference Call Participants Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI  Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs  Puneet Souda - SVB Securities  Brandon Couillard - Jefferies  Daniel Brennan - Cowen  Bryan Vatnsdal - JPMorgan  Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Jack Meehan - Nephron Research  Patrick Donnelly - Citigroup  Joshua Waldman - Cleveland Research  Dan Leonard - Credit Suisse  Daniel Arias - Stifel Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bo and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Parmeet Ahuja, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Ahuja, please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja Thank you, Bo, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's conference call for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group, and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our fourth quarter financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion along with tthey recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of October 31.  As previously announced, beginning in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022, we implemented certain changes to our segment reporting structure. We have recast our theirtorical segment information to reflect ttheyse changes. Ttheyse changes have no impact on our company's consolidated financial statements. Please note that we have changed tthey name of tthey Ctheymical & Energy end market to tthey Ctheymicals & Advanced Materials end market. Ttheir change better reflects tthey mix of business in ttheir market. It does not affect financial reporting in ttheir quarter or prior quarters. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors.  And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet. And thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. In tthey fourth quarter, tthey Agilent team continued its strong performance. We delivered an excellent quarter, significantly exceeding our revenue and earnings expectations.  Revenue of $1.85 billion is up more than 17% core. Our strong top line performance theylped deliver fourth quarter operating margins of 29.1%. Tthey operating margins continue to expand despite tthey inflationary environment and tthey strengttheyning dollar and are up 260 basis points from last year. Earnings per share of $1.53 were up 26%. Ttheyse Q4 results mark an outstanding finish to anottheyr strong year for Agilent’s fiscal 2022. Tthey full year revenue of $6.85 billion, we delivered core revenue growth of 12%. Ttheir is on top of core revenue growth of 15% in 2021. Our operating margin continued to increase and a 27.1% for tthey year, up 160 basis points. Earnings per share of $5.22 per share, up 20% for tthey year. Rx result ttheir year highlight tthey ongoing strength of our diversified business and shine a light on tthey multiple growth drivers we put in place over tthey years. Ttheyy also continue to demonstrate tthey outstanding execution capabilities of tthey Agilent team. Throughout tthey year, we navigated market uncertainties, inflation, COVID-related shutdowns and supply chain and logistics constraints. Our strength is broad-based with all three business groups growing double digits for tthey year. All major geographies and regions grew double digits in FY '22 after adjusting from our exit from Russia. Ttheir was highlighted by China leading tthey way, growing 18%. From an end market perspective, all markets expanded led by excellent growth in our two largest markets, Pharma and Ctheymical & Advanced Materials. All in all, it was an extremely good year for Agilent.  Let's now take a closer look at our fourth quarter performance, starting with end market highlights. During Q4, our performance led by 20%-plus growth in three of our six end markets. Pharma, our largest market, posted 20% growth on top of 21% in Q4 last year. Tthey Ctheymicals & Advanced Materials business grew 27%. We saw robust demand in ctheymicals, along with secular growth in semiconductors, batteries and ottheyr advanced materials. Tthey food market also grew 20% on a strong end-of-year demand in China that have been previously delayed by COVID-related shutdowns. On a regional basis, China led tthey way for us with stellar 44% growth as demand remains strong. Business activity continued to recover and tthey Agilent team worked quickly and effectively to start working down tthey backlog including delivering remaining shipments deferred due to tthey Shanghai COVID related shutdown in Q2. Europe also exceeded expectations by delivering double-digit growth in tthey quarter, coming in 14% higtheyr than a year ago, with broad strength across our markets, highlighted by low 20s growth in pharma.  Looking at our performance by business unit, tthey Life Science and Applied Markets Group continued its outstanding performance and posted revenue of $1.12 billion. Ttheir represents growth of 22% with tthey instrument business growing 24% and our Consumers and Applied business growing 15%. We also saw excellent low 30s growth in our LC/MS instruments business as our solutions continue to resonate with customers. LSAG was able to build our leadership implied markets with spectroscopy growing in tthey low 20s and tthey GC and GC/MS business growing in tthey low 30s. In addition, Agilent is doing its part to theylp customers monitor and manage microplastic in tthey environment as we released tthey latest version of tthey 8700 LDIR ctheymical imaging system. Ttheir unique system has been optimized specifically for tthey analysis of microplastics in environmental samples. Tthey ads on Agilent CrossLab Group posted revenue of $381 million in Q4. Ttheir is up 14% core with broad-based strength across our entire portfolio of offerings. Pharma and Ctheymicals & Advanced Materials both grew mid-teens for ACG. On a regional basis, China led tthey way with high 20s growth as business continued to recover. ACG also delivered double-digit growth in tthey Americas. ACG has delivered double-digit growth for us every quarter ttheir year, and our engagement large enterprise customers continues to accelerate. Through its deep understanding and insights into lab operations, tthey ACG team continues to build strategic partnerships and long-term relationships that maximize customer value and provide ongoing demand for services and support.  Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenue of $352 million, up 8% core. DGG's results were led by strong growth in tthey low 20s for NASD. As expected, our NASD business delivered high quarterly revenue on a sequential basis given tthey plant shutdown last quarter. Our genomics portfolio also posted solid results, growing low teens and pathology grew mid-single digits. On a regional basis, DGG also delivered mid-20s growth in China.  In addition to ttheyse business group highlights, during Q4, Agilent was recognized by tthey World Economic Forum Global Lighthouse Network as a world leader in advanced manufacturing. Agilent's manufacturing facility in Singapore received ttheir recognition for deploying innovative technologies at scale in tthey manufacture of scientific instruments, driving productivity, while advancing sustainability. Also, we are extremely pleased to announce a new multimillion-dollar partnership with Delaware State University, a leading theirtorically black university. Tthey work we will do togettheyr with DSU is geared towards increasing tthey number of underrepresented students entering stem fields.  In addition, Agilent is certified as a great place to work by tthey Great Place to Work Institute in more than 20 countries and regions around tthey world during tthey quarter. Ttheir recognition distinguittheyys Agilent as a top employer based on an independent survey of its global workforce.  Recap in 2022, we had anottheyr very successful year, not only on delivering excellent financial results, but building for tthey future. We continue to drive innovation focused on supporting our customers and executing our Build and Buy strategy to outgrow tthey market. Tthey Agilent team continues to deliver. We have built a resilient company with multiple drivers for growth and target investments focused on high-growth areas. We have an unstoppable One Agilent team that can take on any challenge and execute at an extremely high level. As we look atheyad to 2023, we believe ttheyse qualities are a winning formula for continuing to deliver in an increasingly uncertain economic environment. Bob will now share more detail on tthey quarter and tthey year along with our initial view on expectations for fiscal year 2023. After their remarks, I will rejoin to add some final comments and perspective. Thank you for joining us today. And now, Bob, over to you. Robert McMahon Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue in tthey quarter and tthey year as well as take you through tthey income statement and ottheyr key financial metrics. I'll ttheyn finish up with our guidance for fiscal year 2023 and tthey first quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. We are extremely pleased with our Q4 performance and finittheyyd tthey year on a very strong note, exceeding our expectations on both revenue and earnings per share. Q4 revenue was $1.85 billion, up 17.5% core and 11.4% on a reported basis. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey dollar continue to strengttheyn. Currency exchange rates were a 6.2 point theyadwind to growth or $103 million. Tthey contribution from M&A was as expected, adding 0.1 point to reported growth. Our performance was again broad-based as all end markets and regions grew during tthey quarter. Orders also grew again during tthey quarter, while outstanding execution from our order fulfillment and supply chain teams enabled us to start working down our record backlog. As we enter FY '23, our backlog is still elevated and theylps provide good visibility and confidence in our outlook going forward.  Now I'd like to share additional details on our end markets. Results in our largest market pharma were very strong. Ttheir market represents 37% of Agilent's revenue and grew 20% in tthey quarter. Biopharma grew 18% and small molecule was up 21%. Looking forward, we expect tthey pharma end market to grow high single digits in FY '23. Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials led growth for us during tthey quarter at 27%. Ttheir compares with 11% growth in Q4 of last year. All three submarkets, Ctheymicals, Advanced Materials and Energy had strong growth in tthey quarter. All regions grew as well, led by China. Demand continues to be driven by investments in advanced materials, driving secular growth opportunities in batteries, alternative energy and semiconductors. While not immune to macro uncertainties, we believe ttheyse secular drivers in Advanced Materials will continue, theylping to drive mid-single-digit growth for ttheir market next year. We delivered growth of 20% in tthey food market led by China as our results continue to benefit from tthey recovery of revenue delays due to COVID-related shutdowns in Q2. During FY '23, we expect tthey food market to normalize and grow in tthey low single digits after two years of very strong growth. Tthey Environmental & Forensics market posted 18% growth with particular strength in tthey Americas. Ttheir result was driven by increased governmental spending theylping to drive technology refresh for newer applications like PFAS testing. Europe and China also posted impressive double-digit growth in tthey quarter. We see PFAS-related funding and demand continuing to be a driver for ttheir end market and expect mid-single-digit growth next year. Our business in tthey diagnostics and clinical market grew 6% against an 11% compare last year. Growth was led by Europe and China, while Americas grew low single digits. We also expect to see mid-single-digit growth in ttheir market in FY '23. Tthey Academia & Government market grew 3%, led by continued strength in our service business. Ttheir market grew 3% overall for tthey year as well; and looking forward, we expect similar growth in 2023. On a geographic basis, China led tthey way with ptheynomenal 44% growth in Q4, driven by underlying demand across multiple end markets and our continued ability to quickly recover deferred revenue from Q2.  As we have discussed tthey last two quarters, tthey COVID-related lockdowns in China earlier ttheir year deferred an estimated $50 million to $55 million in revenue from Q2 into future quarters. Ttheir recovery started last quarter, and our team in China continued ttheyir outstanding work to ramp production and shipments quickly in Q4. We've now fully worked through ttheir deferred revenue a full quarter earlier than originally anticipated back in Q2, a true testament to tthey entire team. We estimate ttheir recovery had a mid-single-digit positive impact to China's Q4 growth. So even excluding ttheir, our business performance in Q4 was very strong. Now looking atheyad to next year, we expect China will continue to be a key growth driver for us. And as Mike mentioned, Europe grew a very solid 14%, which exceeded our expectations. We also posted 8% growth in tthey Americas, driven by Pharma, Ctheymicals & Advanced Materials and strong growth in tthey Environmental & Forensics market, partially offset by Academia & Government. And lastly, tthey rest of Asia grew 12%.  Now turning to tthey rest of tthey P&L. Our team continues to execute at a very high level. Fourth quarter gross margin was 56.3%, up 40 basis points from a year ago. Volume leverage, along with pricing, theylped overcome continued inflationary pressures and higtheyr logistics costs. Our operating margin was 29.1% in Q4, up 260 basis points from last year. Below tthey line, our tax rate was 14% for tthey quarter as expected, and we had 298 million diluted shares outstanding.  Putting it all togettheyr, earnings per share were $1.53 for tthey quarter, up 26% from a year ago, as Mike mentioned.  So in summary, Q4 ended with 17% core top line growth and 26% EPS growth, a very strong finish to tthey year, wtheyre we had revenue growth of 12% and EPS growth of 20%. Now some metrics on our cash flow and balance ttheyyet. In Q4, we generated operating cash flow of $448 million, while investing $70 million in capital expenditures. Tthey CapEx spending is driven by our continued scale-up of Train B for our NASD expansion. And in tthey quarter, we also paid out $62 million in dividends and repurchased shares valued at $135 million. For tthey year, we returned almost $1.4 billion to shareholders through $250 million in dividends and a bit more than $1.1 billion in share repurchases. And as we've indicated before, given tthey ongoing strength of tthey business, we believe ttheyse share repurchases represent a very good long-term investment.  Our balance ttheyyet continues to remain theyalthy as we end tthey fiscal year with a net leverage ratio of 0.8.  Now let's move to our outlook for tthey upcoming fiscal year and first quarter. Now looking forward to 2023, we entered tthey year with business momentum and a very theyalthy backlog. We also acknowledge tthey increasingly uncertain macro environment, rising interest rates and currency theyadwinds and have reflected that in our thinking based on what we know today. For fiscal year 2023, we expect revenue in tthey range of $6.9 billion to $7 billion as we have significantly greater currency theyadwinds since tthey last we spoke. Core growth is expected to be in tthey range of 5% to 6.5%, in line with our long-range goals. Currency will negatively affect reported growth by 430 basis points or roughly $295 million during tthey year based on fiscal year-end rates. And to theylp with your modeling at a business group level, ttheir revenue guidance assumes mid-single-digit core growth for LSAG, mid- to high single-digit growth for DGG and high single-digit growth for ACG. And despite tthey ongoing currency theyadwinds and a continued inflationary environment, we are expecting operating margin expansion for FY '23. Now below tthey line, we expect $40 million to $50 million of net expense, a tax rate of 13.75%, which is slightly below ttheir year and 297 million shares outstanding. Fiscal 2023 non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $5.61 to $5.69. Ttheir range represents a growth rate of 7.5% to 9% versus tthey prior year and incorporates an estimated 4 percentage point theyadwind due to currency net of our theydging activities. We are also expecting $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in operating cash next year and CapEx of roughly $300 million based on currently approved expansion projects, primarily Train B for NASD. We have also announced raising our dividend 7%, providing our shareholders with anottheyr source of value.  And finally, for Q1 2023, we expect revenue in tthey range of $1.68 billion to $1.70 billion. Core growth is expected to be in tthey range of 6.8% to 8%, while currency will be a 6.6 point theyadwind to reported growth. Ttheir outlook for tthey quarter incorporates tthey impact of tthey timing of Lunar New Year ttheir year. First quarter 2023 non-GAAP earnings per share expected to be between $1.29 and $1.31. Mike will speak to ttheir furttheyr in just a minute, but our diversified business model and tthey strength of our team are key assets for Agilent. Ttheyse two elements produced an outstanding Q4 and a full year 2022 and ttheyy have put us in an excellent position to again deliver strong results in tthey coming year.  And now I will turn tthey floor back over to Mike for some closing comments. Mike? Mike McMullen Thanks, Bob. Today's results are a strong indication that Agilent has tthey right growth strategies, tthey right team and right culture to continue delivering strong results. Our customers know we are reliable, resilient and extremely quick in reacting to meet ttheyir needs. Tthey Agilent team continues to work hard to earn ttheyir trust. Looking atheyad, we are all seeing increasing economic uncertainty. However, ttheir company and team have built to successfully navigate any economic challenges we may encounter. Throughout tthey pandemic, we have stated that Agilent will emerge as a stronger company. Today's results are yet anottheyr proof point that we are well on our way in ttheir journey, and we're not done yet. We continue to prioritize investments in growth. We are a resilient company with multiple growth drivers and unmatctheyd execution capabilities. I'm quite confident we will continue to react quickly to changing conditions and deliver at a high level. Thanks for being on tthey call. And now I will turn things back over to Parmeet as we take your questions. Parmeet? Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Mike. Bo, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question ttheir afternoon from Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Vijay Kumar  Congratulations on a really impressive finish to tthey year theyre. Mike or Bob, maybe if I could start with tthey high-level fiscal '23 guidance question. 5% to 6.5% organic for tthey year, that's coming off of some tough comps. Maybe just talk about your assumptions for end markets which you're expecting for forma ctheymicals and advanced materials, et cetera. Just given your commentary on orders and backlog, it looks like tthey start 5% to 6.5%, it seems reasonably conservative. Mike McMullen Why don't you take that? Robert McMahon  Yes, Vijay, yes, I appreciate tthey comments on tthey end of tthey year. And as we mentioned, we're moving into FY '23 with momentum. And really, what we've seen across our business in FY '22, we are expecting to continue into FY '23. Broad-based business results really led by our two largest markets, Pharma and Ctheymicals & Advanced Materials. And wtheyn we think about those, those are both in tthey mid- to high single-digit growth range and with growth in tthey ottheyr areas as well. We're expecting all of our markets to grow and really given some of tthey secular drivers that we've seen ttheir year and continued strength in tthey pharma business. Mike McMullen Hey, Bob, I would just add, too. Ttheir is our initial guide for tthey year. We're at tthey top end of our long growth model in terms of tthey long-term growth aspirations we laid out at our last [AID] coming off two straight years of double-digit growth. And its initial guide of tthey year, Vijay. And you probably theyar a few times ttheyy were being prudent given tthey increasing economic uncertainty out ttheyre. But I would point out that if you look at tthey core growth rate assumptions, tthey Q1 '22 guide is actually higtheyr than tthey full year number. Vijay Kumar  Mike, I appreciate tthey prudent comment. And if I could just have one follow-up on. On margins, that EPS guide came in about Street models despite FX theyadwinds, it looks like coming in about Street models. What are you assuming for pricing inflation? And what's implied from margin expansion in tthey guide? Mike McMullen You want to take that, Bob? Robert McMahon  Yes. Yes. So we ended Q4 in a very good position theyre with a little over 4% and that has ramped throughout tthey year, and we're forecasting roughly about a little over 3% in price next year across our book of business. And we are assuming margin expansion, Vijay, next year. And wtheyn we look at that 7.5% to 9%, what we are seeing is kind of unprecedented strength in currency. And we do theydge, but our theydges become less effective over time. And we're -- that's absorbing a 4-point theyadwind. So if you added that back in, it would be closer to 11.5% to 13% EPS growth. Operator We'll go next now to Matt Life with Goldman Sachs. Matt Sykes Appreciate it. Maybe I just want to dig a little bit more into tthey margins. You guys mentioned operating margin expansion expectations for next year. But maybe talk a little bit about wtheyre you see those drivers coming from, maybe on a segment basis or an end market basis? Wtheyre do you feel ttheyre's more upside to expand those margins at tthey group level and wtheyre tthey impact will be felt? Robert McMahon  Yes, I think what you would see is a continuation of what we've been able to do ttheir year. And what we've been able to do is cover tthey increase in costs associated with tthey inflation through tthey pricing activities, but ttheyn really leveraging our operating expenses. And you saw that in full display theyre in wtheyre we did have operating -- gross margin expansion, but you also saw a majority of tthey margin expansion in tthey operating expense. And I think that that's 1 of tthey benefits that we have through tthey investments that we've been making in digital over time, as Mike mentioned, as well as tthey continued effort around tthey One Agilent focus. So I would expect us to continue to see that I do think that tthey scale that we have across our businesses will continue to provide benefits next year, certainly, as we drive more business into our service organization. I do think that we will continue to be able to leverage that footprint. And ttheyn if you look at tthey higtheyr growth areas that we've been investing in, in tthey instrumentation side of tthey business, those are our more profitable businesses. And we are also looking to continue to attach -- increase our attach rates both on tthey services but ttheyn also consumables, which are 1 of our higtheyst profit.  And I would say in Diagnostics, tthey DGG business, we are facing kind of some of tthey start-up costs with our Train B next year. But if you peel tthey onion, I would say, fundamentally, our business is performing very well ttheyre as well in '23. And I would expect margin improvement outside of kind of some onetime start-up costs that we would have in bringing that train up and running in tthey second half of tthey year. Matt Sykes  Got it. Ttheyn maybe a question on tthey Ctheymicals & Advanced Materials. You guys made a comment in tthey slide deck about increased demand in tthey energy business during Q4. Could you talk about tthey drivers behind that? And what your expectations are, specifically for tthey energy market as we move through '23? Mike McMullen Yes. So we really wanted to make sure that it was clear that across all three segments of tthey CAM segment, we saw growth. And what you're seeing going on theyre is a lot of investments in tthey HPI industry given tthey strength of ttheyir businesses. So -- and I'll have Jacob jump on ttheir as well, I think ttheyir businesses with tthey ability to invest and ttheyy have a lot of deferred investments over tthey years, but also a lot of new money going into renewable and green energy initiatives as well. Jacob Thaysen Yes, I think you're right, Mike. I think we're seeing, as you mentioned, ttheyre has been some pause in tthey capital equipment investment over tthey years, and we're definitely seeing that coming back. So -- and both in tthey HPI, but also in tthey renewable energy, we continue to see a lot of strength, and we believe that will continue forward. Mike McMullen Yes, we're expecting that trend to continue into '23. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we'll go next now to Puneet Souda of SVB Securities. Puneet Souda  Mike, Bob, thanks for taking tthey question. I mean to say ttheir is impressive as a quarter is an understatement in tthey sort of uncertain times. So first of all, congrats on tthey quarter. Mike, so on China, impressive results ttheyre. Can you just parse that out a bit? I know you talked about gas chromatography delays were ttheyre, and those are -- it looks like ttheyy're fully booked in ttheir quarter and tthey revenues booked or food is also impressive. Could you maybe talk about tthey order book visibility you have in China and your growth expectations ttheyre going forward despite tthey Lunar Year? And also, what is tthey longer-term expectation for overall growth in China, just given tthey multiple end markets that are working so well for you in tthey quarter? Mike McMullen Yes, sure, Puneet. Happy to respond and Bob and I probably can have tag team on ttheir. But again, thanks for your earlier comments, brought a lot of smiles in tthey room theyre. Yes, we were quite pleased with tthey results for China, not only in tthey quarter but for tthey year. And I think it's important to know tthey 44% print we had in Q4 wasn't just about catch-up from deferred revenue due to tthey COVID; and again, shutdowns. And again, it points to tthey fact that wtheyn you do see those types of things happen, eventually, tthey business does materialize. We didn't lose any business. I think tthey strength of tthey business continues to be ttheyre across multiple end markets, really been led by pharma, ctheymical. And ttheyn we think that tthey food market will probably normalize to kind of tthey traditional growth rates in China. But expecting pharma and tthey CAM marketplace to be strong, in particular, a lot of -- we expect a lot of business on tthey renewable energy and HPI side in China as well. So that Advanced Materials segment, we've been talking a lot about, we think is going to sustain tthey growth in China in '23. But I think we're kind of looking at maybe high singles for China for next year. Is our initial thinking? Robert McMahon  Yes, that's right. And Puneet, I would say tthey strength that we saw in Q4 in China was really across tthey board across all tthey major technology platforms within tthey instrument business. Tthey consumables business was incredibly strong as well. And ttheyn tthey services business, if you recall back in Q3, we said that activity hadn't fully come back, was fully back in Q4. And so we saw very strong ttheyre. And not to forget, DGG. We had double-digit growth in our Diagnostics and Genomics business as well. So it was really broad-based. And you talked about visibility, orders continue to grow in China. And we have very good visibility in -- certainly into tthey first half of ttheir year. And as we think about tthey secular growth drivers, those are still in place. If you think about tthey investments that are made in technologies around tthey biotechnology areas, but increasingly actually in advanced materials and some of tthey secular drivers around batteries and lithium-ion production and so forth. And we would expect that to continue into next year for sure. Mike McMullen Bob, I just have to think to your comment about tthey DGG business. Just a reminder, Puneet as we came into ttheir year, we created a unique structure as part of our one commercialization to have all of our China businesses we put into one single leader. Really, tthey idea was to add scale to tthey parts of our business, which we felt underrepresented, and you saw tthey payoff already starting to happen with tthey growth rate in DGG, for example. Puneet Souda  That's great. Just quick one on pharma. I mean ttheir was tthey first quarter in a long time wtheyn I saw small molecules growing faster than biomolecules. Can you elaborate a bit what's behind that dynamic? Mike McMullen I thought it was really good newsprint because we've been talking lately about that while we still continue to believe that biopharma large molecules will have tthey intheyrently higtheyr growth rate, we've also been pointing tthey fact that tthey small molecule will continue to have growth. And I think it speaks to some of tthey strength of particularly our LC and LC/MS business in small molecule. And Jacob, I'll have you add a few comments theyre in a second. I wouldn't overread too much in that particular quarter. It's just one quarter. I think we would expect to continue to see over time a differentiation in tthey growth rates between biopharma and small molecule, but small molecule by no means is dead and it's an opportunity for growth. And I think we've got a great portfolio ttheyre, Jacob. Jacob Thaysen  Yes. Right, Mike. Oh, sorry, I was on mute theyre. So sorry, ttheir was Jacob coming with some comments. But you're absolutely right, Mike. We continue to see tthey small molecule being -- while it's still tthey largest part of our business, of course, we see biopharma as a great opportunity, but we take tthey small molecule business very seriously and continue to build full workflow solutions for that, particularly for tthey LC and LC/MS space, and that's wtheyre tthey growth is coming from.  Mike McMullen Thanks, Jacobs. Operator We go next to now to Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Brandon Couillard  Mike or Bob, I can't remember. You mentioned tthey PFAS market several times in tthey prepared remarks. Can you just give us a ballpark size of how big that market is right now, maybe relative growth rates and wtheyttheyr it's primarily a U.S.-centric market or if it's developing in ottheyr parts of tthey world as well? Mike McMullen So Jacob, how if you and I tag team on ttheir? We're viewing ttheir, I think, about a $200 million market, growing double digit. We think while ttheyre's -- a lot of tthey growth is centered in tthey U.S., ttheyre's also going to be very strong growth in tthey U.S. and perhaps some in China. So we actually see ttheir as a sort of a global story with initial big legs in U.S. and Europe and tthey growing interest in China. But let me see if I got that right, Jacob? Jacob Thaysen  Yes, you're absolutely right, Mike. It's a huge market. And in fact, ttheyre was more than 4 billion put aside in tthey infrastructure build for PFAS testing, not only for analytical instrument, obviously, but overall for PFAS testing. So ttheir is a great opportunity. And it's particularly a great opportunity for us as ttheir requires -- it's very high-sensitivity instruments you need and you have run very easily into issues in your sample, perhaps you don't take that very seriously. So really building out tthey flow solutions and have something that works every time. We spend a lot of energy on that. And in fact, we have a solution now that lives up to all tthey EPA regulations and our customers just love it because it's just plug and play, and it works very well for ttheym for very soptheirticated ways of doing business theyre.  And on top of that, while most of tthey opportunity sits in tthey LC/MS space. We're also starting to see tthey GC/MS as an opportunity to look at testing of PFAS molecules in tthey year and all tthey volatile, so which speaks extremely well to our opportunity. Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks, Jacob, for those build. And ttheir is tthey first time in my tenure wtheyre that we've seen ttheir kind of money coming in, in tthey U.S. marketplace with tthey government support. So it's a very encouraging trend, and we think that trend is going to be with us into '23. Brandon Couillard  That's great. Ttheyn a couple for Bob. Just number one, can you just quantify tthey Lunar New Year impact in tthey first quarter on a year-over-year basis. And ttheyn with supply chain loosening, which it sounds like ttheyy are, what are tthey implications for that in terms of working capital as you move through tthey balance of tthey year? Robert McMahon  Yes. Brandon, thanks for tthey questions. Yes, tthey Lunar New Year is roughly a little over 0.5 point impact year-on-year for theyadwind had in our first quarter. It starts in mid-January ttheir year versus tthey first of February last year. And so -- and for those that will come back to us in tthey second quarter. And ttheyn I think in terms of supply chain, -- it is -- we think it is improving, but it's not back to kind of pre-COVID levels, both on tthey standpoint of being able to get products to customers, but also procuring raw materials and tthey costs associated with that. We do think that that's going to improve over time. I would say I wouldn't expect any changes -- any material changes certainly in tthey first half of tthey year and ttheyn maybe some slight changes as we get into tthey back half of tthey year. But -- we do think it is improving, but we've increased our stocks of critical supplies. And I don't think it will go back to pre-COVID levels in terms of how we're running that just to ensure that we have tthey ability to flex wtheyn we need to if ttheyre were challenges around logistics across tthey world. Operator We'll go next now to Daniel Brennan of Cowen. Daniel Brennan  Congrats on tthey quarter. Maybe just tthey first one, just on LSAG. Anottheyr really impressive quarter with 24% growth on tthey instruments. So tthey mid-single-digit guide, obviously, you're up against tough comps, but it does reflect tthey notable slowdown from what you guys have been doing. And maybe just walk through a little bit of what kind of drove tthey strength ttheir quarter kind of end market versus Agilent specific? And ttheyn is ttheyre just a theyalthy degree of conservatism baked in for tthey guide? Or is it really just tough comps? Robert McMahon  Yes. I would say at tthey beginning, Dan, we're at tthey beginning of tthey year, ttheyre are uncertainties out ttheyre, as I'd repeat what Mike said, it's beginning of tthey year and that's a prudent guide. I would say that ttheyre's an element of tough comps, particularly in tthey second half of tthey year as we have been building -- taking down tthey backlog certainly in China, which was China just a deferral from Q2 into tthey second half of tthey year.  But I would say, fundamentally, tthey demand is still strong. And I think across tthey end markets, our expectation is that tthey Pharma and Ctheymical & Advanced Materials markets will continue to lead tthey way for us with faster-than-expected growth, I think, in Environmental & Forensics for that PFAS testing. Mike McMullen Maybe just a couple of additional comments theyre, Bob, maybe Jacob, you have thoughts as well. But we continue to see improving market share. So tthey latest industry stats from -- showed us all green across all platforms. So that should bring to -- and any kind of debate on wtheyttheyr or not we're picking up share. But I also think it's kind of also recognize we've been in kind of an unprecedented environment theyre for a number of quarters in a row wtheyre we've seen instrument growth rates in 20s plus, 30 plus. A lot of it -- and we've been very transparent about ttheir in all our calls that an element of that it's tied to an accelerated replacement cycle in some end markets, in some technologies. So we're thinking though, as we set up tthey guide for '23, we should assume some return to more normalized replacement rates in certain end markets but ttheyre's going to be growth ttheyre, but perhaps not at tthey same rate we've seen. And I don't know if you have any additional thoughts ttheyre, Jacob. Jacob Thaysen  No, I think we’re good, Mike. Mike McMullen Okay. Cool. I got it right. I'm 2 for 2 today. Daniel Brennan  And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up. I know you've already discussed in tthey Ctheymical & Advanced Materials, a really strong quarter. And ttheyn on tthey outlook. I'm just wondering for tthey mid-single-digit guide obviously, tthey Advanced Material portion is like 1/3 of that business. It sounds like that's expected to grow really strong. Maybe just give us a flavor for how you're thinking about tthey three subcomponents in tthey '23. And like is ttheyre anything baked in on tthey ctheymical side of tthey energy side that would reflect some kind of impact from a selling economy? Or just kind of how should we think about that mid-single digit. Mike McMullen I'm going to invite Padraig on ttheir too because they's working with their team very closely on ttheir. But we're taking a cautious outlook as it relates to tthey ctheymical industry in Europe, particularly -- and I want to separate that from what maybe happened relative to tthey HPI and renewable energies. But in tthey base ctheymical business, our large customers are having to work through higtheyr input costs to ttheyir production. So we're assuming a cautious outlook from that particular segment in Europe. And Padraig I know you are from that part of tthey world, and I know that you've been talking to our team about ttheir as well. Anything you'd add? Padraig McDonnell  Yes. No, I think it's cautious, Mike. And I think what we're seeing is that ttheyre's additional scrutiny being played on converting quotes to orders that we're seeing across, particularly in Europe. And of course, ttheyre's quite a lot of macroeconomic pressures ttheyre as well. So I think you're spot-on on that one. Robert McMahon  Tthey only thing I would say, Dan, ttheir is Bob, to add is ttheir is an area -- sometimes people ask us, ttheir would be an area of potential upside? If things continue tthey way that ttheyy are, ttheyre would be an opportunity for upside in ttheir end market, given tthey strength that we're seeing. Mike McMullen Absolutely, Bob. Operator And we'll go next now to Bryan Vatnsdal at JPMorgan. Bryan Vatnsdal  So first up on Train B. Last quarter, you guys said that ttheyre were some supply chain delays as you guys were building up that manufacturing line. So can you just give us tthey latest on timing if you're still on track for that to come online mid fiscal year.? And ttheyn thinking about beyond Train B, you guys have hinted at potential capacity expansions beyond ttheir. So can you give us tthey latest on your thinking on those capacity expansions and wtheyn we could theyar an update ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. So Sam, why don't you take tthey first part, and I'll close with tthey second part? Sam Raha  Yes. It sounds good. Bryan, thank you for tthey question, and happy to report ttheyre haven't been any changes since we last spoke about Train B and timing. We're on track to go live in tthey middle of tthey calendar year coming up in 2023. Mike McMullen And at tthey risk of being repetitive, Bryan, we're on record saying that ttheyre's more letters than tthey alphabets in A&B. So we're focused on getting Train B up and running and have it generating revenue in '23. But at tthey same time, we continue to explore possible expansion plans, and nothing yet to announce yet, but stay tuned. Bryan Vatnsdal  Great. And ttheyn just one more follow-up on food. So food grew 20% ttheir quarter. It sounds like some of that was from that China recovery and pull forward ttheyre. But all in, you're guiding to low single digits next year off of that two year stacked tough comps. So can you just walk us through how should we be thinking about tthey food market going forward? Do you think in 2024, it's going to normalize more at a low single digit? Or is ttheir market really accelerated and tthey guide ttheir year is just more on that typical comp. Robert McMahon  Yes, it's a good question. And ttheir is Bob. And I would say it wasn't pull forward, it was catch up in terms of tthey growth rate theyre because it was -- as you know, Bryan, China has got a bigger proportion of tthey food market. And I would say it is a function of having two years of very strong performance ttheyre and so difficult comps. And I do think it is trending up with some of tthey investments that are being made ttheyre. But ttheir still is a low to mid-single-digit grower. Mike McMullen I think just to kind of reinforce our ability to hit that mid-single or low to mid-single-digit growth rates, we also see continued strength in tthey U.S., for example, wtheyre our cannabis testing business is part of what we reported, so, right Jacob? Jacob Thaysen  Yes, correct. And tthey cannabis business continues to do very well, and we see a lot of lab owners that is looking for us to come in and theylp ttheym to equip tthey full laboratories. So that's a big opportunity for us. But also tthey alternative protein space is really picking up, both theyre in U.S., but particularly also in in Asia. So I do believe that is going to continue to be a secular growth driver for us in food. Mike McMullen Right. And I really wanted to make sure that we highlight those new secular growth drivers because a lot of growth theirtorically has come from China. We're seeing actually a much more diversified mix of business as we move forward.  Operator We go next now to Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Derik De Bruin So Mike, you said it’s an unprecedented environment for instrument demand and such. We've been covering ttheyse markets a long time, you and I and looking at ttheyse, and ttheyse are just numbers, which are really just amazing instrumentation numbers. So what's embedded for instrument growth in your 2023 guide? And how much of ttheir is already covered by your backlog versus what's going to be new or have to get in through tthey year? Mike McMullen Yes. So yes, thanks, Derik. And you and I have been in ttheir business for a while and eye-popping growth rates, that's why we love -- we've really been joining ttheyse growth rates. I do think ttheyre's elements in tthey market that actually have increased tthey long-term growth rates relative what we've seen in tthey past. But I think it's also fair to assume that some of ttheyse accelerated replacement cycle seen will start to moderate over time. That being said, Bob, I think we're looking at LSAG, what, in tthey mid-singles? Robert McMahon  Mid-single. That's correct. Mike McMullen And I'll let you pick tthey second part of tthey question ttheyre. Robert McMahon  Yes, yes. So it is mid-single digits. What I would say, Derik, is we're not going to disclose tthey amount of contribution for our backlog in ttheyre. But you can imagine that, that theyalthy backlog that we just talked about is primarily on tthey instrument side. It's just tthey way that we book business. And we have pretty good visibility into tthey first half of tthey year just given tthey way our order trends happened. Derik De Bruin  Got it. Can we talk a little bit about tthey academic market and what you're seeing ttheyre? Low single digits ttheyre in tthey quarter, low single-digit demand. How is that sort of like tracking relative to your expectations? I mean, I know you don't have a huge academic footprint, but I know your genomics business was actually doing -- ttheyy actually did -- was actually quite strong in tthey quarter. So I'm just wondering if you could sort of talk through what's going on in that market and sort of are you seeing any pressures ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. So Bob, maybe we can tag team on ttheir, and I'll start. So first of all, ttheir is tthey one market that we always coming out of COVID said will be tthey slowest to recover, and that's still proven to be tthey case. We saw really, really good demand in China in Academia & Government and also good demand for certain aspects of our portfolio. But at tthey same point in time, a level of caution is around CapEx. NIH funding is not as robust as people had hoped. So we've tempered our outlook for '23 as kind of just a continuation of more and more of tthey same. Robert McMahon  Yes. And I would say, Derik, tthey growth that we had met our expectations right down tthey line; and as Mike said, stronger in places like China, and less so in tthey U.S. but it met our overall expectations. And that's kind of how we're expecting it in FY '23 as well. Derik De Bruin  And I have to ask tthey obligatory M&A question. Your share is obviously a good choice right now, but anything peaking your interest, valuation starting to come in on some of tthey stragglers in tthey market? Mike McMullen Yes. So thanks for that, Derik. And as you know, we've got ttheir Build and Buy growth strategy and one aspect of it is to look for opportunities for us to add great new businesses and team to Agilent through tthey use of our balance ttheyyet. And as you may recall, some of our calls in tthey early part of '22, wow, ttheyse -- and finittheyyd out wtheyn ttheyse valuations were really out of site. And we saw that both in tthey public, but also in tthey private space. And things are starting to actually moderate down. So nothing at all to announce, but I'd say that tthey activities are -- we are very active theyre, and we're getting to places wtheyre you can see deals happening that would work for shareholders.  Operator We'll go next now to Jack Meehan of Nephron. Jack Meehan  I wanted to keep going on tthey instrument side. I was wondering if you could comment on cancellation trends. So just in context of tthey broader macro uncertainty, is that showing up anywtheyre in your instrument backlog? Mike McMullen Yes, Jack, thanks for that question because one of tthey reasons why we have tthey confidence we have with tthey outlook we've guided to -- and wtheyn Bob talks about elevated backlogs, it's a theyalthy backlog. In that we have no significant change. Ttheyre's no significant order cancellations, remain very low. So tthey orders we have in backlog will ship and we feel really good about tthey -- if you will, tthey quality of our backlog. Robert McMahon  Yes, Jack, just to build on that, tthey ottheyr piece -- tthey first piece of that would be our orders being puttheyyd out, and we're not even seeing that eittheyr. So we're not seeing any push out of orders as well as any cancellations. Jack Meehan  Awesome. Okay. And ttheyn kind of tthey ottheyr pressure area we've been monitoring is more in tthey bioprocessing side, just stocking trends at customers. I know you compete sort of adjacent to some of ttheyse markets on large molecule. Are you seeing any destocking activity in any of tthey markets that you serve? Mike McMullen No, no. Thanks for that question, Jack, because we've been reading some of tthey print as well, and we're saying, well, that's really not what we all were seeing with our business. So you saw -- and Jacob, we posted what double-digit 15% growth in CSD. We saw low teens growth in tthey genomics area, which would be tthey area you might see those things. And so it's not a concern for our ongoing business.  Operator We'll go next now to Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Patrick Donnelly  Maybe following up anottheyr one on tthey instrument side. I know you aren't going to give a hard number on tthey backlog. You did mention it was still elevated, Mike, and obviously gives us some good visibility into next year. I mean, any way you can frame kind of what it looks like today going into kind of a year compared to theirtoricals? And ttheyn just on tthey order growth, what did that look like in tthey quarter? Obviously, tthey past few quarters, you called out outgrew revenue nicely. I'm just trying to get a feel for that, maybe if you have it on a geographic basis as well, that would be theylpful? Mike McMullen Yes, sure. So I think backlog remains up over theirtoric exit levels. And that's why we very carefully chose tthey word elevated in our text to make sure that that you know ttheyre's more gas to left in tthey tank. While we won't give you a specific growth rate, I will tell you that we again grew our orders in Q4 off a prior year double-digit compare. I do think it's also worth pointing out, though, we did see a different trend within tthey quarter. So -- and I think ttheir speaks to our confidence around tthey year-end revenues because customers were ordering earlier in tthey quarter in like August and through September, really to make sure ttheyy got product by tthey fiscal year. So that was probably tthey only thing that we saw a little bit different than theirtorical patterns, if I remember correctly, Bob? And ttheyn I think tthey story was pretty much across tthey board geographically. Robert McMahon  Yes. Correct. Correct. Mike McMullen Yes. Same story. Patrick Donnelly  That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe sticking on tthey geographic point. Can you just talk about Europe, what you're seeing ttheyre? I mean, ttheyre's been concerns about tightening capital spend just given tthey geopolitical environment, tthey energy side. Maybe what you're seeing ttheyre? And ttheyn maybe a second one on tthey order side. Just tthey budget flush, you guys tend to have a decent look at it at ttheir point. I know it's still a little bit away, but any early indications ttheyre would be theylpful? Mike McMullen Yes. So relative to Europe, I think I'd just remind you, we had a 14% print in tthey quarter. So we really feel good about our performance relative to tthey competition in that part of tthey world. But ttheir area is a watch out for us. Tthey -- a lot of tthey economic -- future economic concerns are really sending around what may happen to tthey European economy, particularly with tthey energy prices that ttheyy're having to deal with and what does it mean for demand and tthey ability for our customers to have tthey profitable revenue streams ttheyy want for ttheyir business. So that's an area that we're watching, and that's why we've taken ttheir prudent guide in for example, assuming what will happen on tthey ctheymical side of Europe. Robert McMahon  Yes, I was going to say ttheyre's really nothing -- it's an area -- as Mike, you said, it's an area that we're watching. We haven't seen any material change in tthey way things are operating ttheyre. Just to add on that 14% was against a year ago that we did have revenue in Russia. And so that 14% was even higtheyr than that if you looked at it on a pro forma basis. So… Derik De Bruin  Great. And any quick thoughts on tthey budget flush would be theylpful. I appreciate. Robert McMahon Yes, stay tuned. What I would say is, I mean, we have -- as Mike said, I think we did see some of that in our order book in Q4 given some of tthey extended delivery times that are still out ttheyre between us and tthey rest of tthey market. But we're not assuming any greater than kind of normal budget flush for tthey end of tthey year. Robert McMahon Correct. Operator We will go next to Josh Waldman at Cleveland Research. Joshua Waldman  A couple for you. First, Mike, a lot of questions on instrumentation, so I'll ask on CrossLab. A nice quarter theyre. I wondered if you could talk through tthey drivers to tthey acceleration? Anything beyond just tthey comps? I mean are you guys seeing signs of higtheyr adoption of contracted service, share benefit. Is ttheir a category wtheyre maybe price is just now starting to come into tthey mix? Mike McMullen Yes, absolutely. So I'm going to tag team with Padraig on ttheir one, but I think all those factors are hitting, and we're going to talk about services, but I think it's important to know that between services and consumables, we actually crossed over tthey 30% connect rate for tthey first time in tthey fourth quarter. So we've been talking about tthey importance of connect rates going forward. And on tthey services side, which is wtheyre your question is centered is, we've seen an acceleration of growth. We hinted at some of tthey places we're doing really well at tthey big enterprise level. But Padraig, why don't you add some your thoughts on theyre? Because ttheir is your business and a lot of good things happening theyre. Padraig McDonnell  Yes. I think, Mike, as you said, touch rates continue to be very strong, and it's much more than a break/fix business and we see our contract rates actually growing at double digits, which is incredibly sticky with customers. And all key offering categories right from enterprise down to some of tthey preventive maintenance services we do are all very, very strong. We also see that, of course, we have a large installed base and being able to provide different solutions and services for that have been really great. I will close by saying that we had some very big wins in tthey enterprise service business, and that's wtheyre we really look about productivity of labs and how we theylp customers with ttheyir outcomes, and we're seeing that increase as we go through tthey quarter and through tthey year. Joshua Waldman  Ttheyn Bob or Mike, curious to get your updated thoughts on supply chain and what you're seeing from a component availability and cost perspective entering '23? And I guess, wtheyttheyr or not your guide assumes improvements in eittheyr of ttheyse or maybe if supply chain improvement could represent upside to tthey guide? Robert McMahon  Yes. I would say we have seen in tthey second half of ttheir year, incremental improvements as we went through Q3 and Q4 that theylped us allow us to increase our revenue theyre in Q4. I would expect that incremental improvement to continue into next year. But it's by no means back to kind of normal I think if it happens to improve, I do think that, that would be a good thing for us. And -- but we're not -- we're assuming kind of tthey same level of improvement that we've seen in tthey back half of ttheir year moving into FY '23. I do think that some of tthey costs have come down but ttheyre we're still having to purchase things in tthey aftermarket to be able to ensure supply and deliver to customers. Mike McMullen Yes, to Josh's question, if we get to a point wtheyre we don't have to go into that aspect of tthey market, that would be upside for us. Robert McMahon  That's right. Operator We'll go next now to Dan Leonard of Credit Suisse.  Dan Leonard  Mike, I have a follow-up on Europe. So wtheyn you're framing tthey possibilities for 2023, I theyar you on tthey conservatism for tthey ctheymical industry. But what about ottheyr end markets? Does tthey macro uncertainty in Europe bleed into pharma or aca, gov or anywtheyre else? Mike McMullen We think ttheyre's an element that will also be in pharma as well. So you're right. I was focusing specifically on tthey Ctheymical segment of Europe, but that's also part of tthey storyboard as well. You can manage large pharma accounts who are dealing with increased costs, trying to figure out what ttheyy want to do in 2023. So that's a watch area for us as well. But I will say, some of tthey ottheyr secular drivers that we talked about earlier, such as investments in renewable energy, ttheyre's a big push to make hydrogen more of a source of energy. So ttheir plays right in tthey sweet spot of Agilent. So -- but we are cautious about tthey large accounts in Europe and what ttheyy may do in '23 in those two end markets. Dan Leonard  And ttheyn I have an unrelated follow-up. On tthey NASD business, can you be specific about what is your outlook for that business in 2023? And what might be your opportunity to expand tthey service offerings in that business beyond your traditional product offering? Mike McMullen Yes. Sam you know might obviously take a lead on that just to kind of -- and ttheyn have Bob jump in theyre as well. I mean we're assuming that our new capacity for Train B comes online, mid-year calendar year, it starts and will reach I believe full capacity by tthey end of tthey year. And we do think ttheyre's furttheyr expansion opportunities both in terms of what we do already, but broadening tthey portfolio. But Bob, maybe you want to walk through some of tthey thoughts on tthey financial expectations. Robert McMahon  Yes. I mean we ended ttheir year touching on roughly $300 million for that business, and we've talked about ttheir Train B being $150 million plus of capacity wtheyn Mike says we're going to be at capacity at that run rate by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. And you could imagine that probably less than half of that is a ramp-up, but we would expect a strong growth theyre. And I would say Train B is primarily siRNA, although we do have early -- some growing business in CRISPR Ttheyrapeutics out of our existing facilities, and we expect that to continue to grow as well.  Operator We go next now to Dan Arias of Stifel. Daniel Arias  Hey, Mike, just a question on GC/MS. 30% growth for tthey quarter is pretty robust. For '23, would you expect a little bit of a decoupling from LC/MS ttheyre just given that it feels like ttheyre's more -- a little bit more cyclicality on tthey GC side, maybe a little bit more pharma on tthey LC side? Or do you think those portfolios track similarly again? Mike McMullen I think we've always felt -- and Jacob, feel free to jump in ttheir. We've always felt that long term, we expected LC/MS to have higtheyr growth rates than GC/MS. And I think we'd expect that to play out in tthey long run. I'm not sure about '23 because GC/MS plays really well in tthey advanced materials space. We've been talking about some of tthey secular drivers ttheyre. But also, as Jacob mentioned, PFAS is an area, too. So I don't know if we're going to see that much divergence in '23, but it's a great question. I haven't thought about it. Jacob Thaysen  Yes. Thanks, Mike. And we came out with some very nice innovations theyre at tthey ASMS on tthey GC/MS side, including tthey way that you can use hydrogen to measure or to as your carrier gas and set up tthey theylium, which has been really nice pickup in tthey GC/MS space. And as Mike also alluded to, I think we are seeing a lot of opportunity in tthey Advanced Materials side, particularly in tthey lithium battery side, wtheyre we both see our spectroscopy portfolio combined with tthey GC, GC/MS is completely or really addressing some of tthey challenges ttheyre. And actually on top of that, you have LC that is a part of that equation as you also want to look at electrolytes in batteries. So I think we continue to see a lot of opportunities in Advanced Materials, but particularly for tthey GC, GC/MS side. Daniel Arias  Yes. Okay. Interesting. And ttheyn, Bob, maybe just thinking about investments next year in tthey context of tthey growth that you're seeing ttheir year, are ttheyre areas wtheyre you might add resources beyond what might just be expected given tthey uncertainty that's floating around? Seems like ttheyre's an opportunity to sort of improve your positioning at a time of strength, not sure if you're seeing it that way, though. Robert McMahon  Yes. No, we agree. And I would say it's -- we've been doing that over tthey course of ttheir last year. And I would say one of tthey areas, obviously, we're building out tthey capacity in NASD that we've talked about extensively. But we're also significantly investing in places like digital and software. And we think that that's an area of increasing strength for us and would look to continue to invest incrementally ttheyre as we go into FY '23.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have no furttheyr questions ttheir afternoon. Mr. Ahuja, I'll turn things back to you for closing comments. Parmeet Ahuja  Thanks, Bo, and thanks, everyone, for joining. With that, we would like to wrap up tthey call for today. Have a great rest of tthey day.  Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts