Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE:A) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call May 24, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - VP, IR Mike McMullen - President and CEO Bob McMahon - SVP and CFO Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Padraig McDonnell - President, CrossLab Group Conference Call Participants Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Puneet Souda - SVB Securities Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Patrick Donnelly - Citi Douglas Vatnsdal - JP Morgan Josh Waldman - Cleveland Research Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Daniel Arias - Stifel Vincent Schulte - Baird Operator Good afternoon and thank you for attending today's Agilent Technologies Inc. Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Selena, and I will be your moderator. All lines will be muted during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions and answers at tthey end. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Parmeet Ahuja, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja Thank you, Selena, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's conference call for tthey second quarter of fiscal year 2022. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our second quarter financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion along with a recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of April 30th. As previously announced, beginning in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022, we implemented certain changes to our segment reporting structure. We have recast our theirtorical segment information to reflect ttheyse changes. Ttheyse changes have no impact on our Company's consolidated financial statements. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey Company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey Company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey Company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks Parmeet, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. In Q2, tthey Agilent team again demonstrated tthey resilience and strength of our business model. We delivered core revenue growth in line with our forecast, expanded operating margins, and exceeded our EPS expectations. We did ttheir while navigating a dynamic macro environment, including tthey conflict in Ukraine and COVID-related lockdowns in China. Our Q2 revenues are $1.61 billion. Ttheir is up 7% core and is on top of growing 19% in Q2 a year ago. Order performance was even stronger growing double digits on a core basis. Second quarter operating margins at 25.3% continued to expand, up 140 basis points from last year. Earnings per share of $1.13 are up 16%. We achieved ttheyse results despite tthey COVID-related lockdowns that closed our operations in Shanghai, starting in late March and continuing through tthey entire month of April. We estimate that ttheir is roughly a 350-basis point theyadwind to our core revenue growth for tthey quarter. As Bob will indicate wtheyn they takes you through tthey details, ttheir business is not lost and is expected to be recovered through tthey rest of tthey calendar year. Most importantly, our team in China is safe, and we restarted limited operations in May at our GC factory and logistics center in Shanghai. From an end-market perspective, tthey pharma and ctheymical and energy markets again led tthey way for us. Our pharma business, Agilent’s largest market, grew 13%, led by biopharma growing high 20s. Ttheir represents our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in tthey pharma market. It also builds on top of a stellar 29% growth rate last year. Tthey momentum in our ctheymical and energy business also continued ttheir quarter, delivering 9% growth in line with expectations and overcoming tthey shutdown of our primary GC production facility in Shanghai and tthey conflict in Ukraine. Growth was driven by advanced materials and ctheymicals. On a geographic basis, tthey Americas again led tthey way with 13% growth built on top of 27% growth a year ago. Europe also performed well with growth coming in at 7% following 16% growth last year. China revenues were on track with our expectations through March, but we exited tthey quarter down 3% given tthey COVID-related lockdowns. While revenues were affected by tthey temporary shutdowns in tthey quarter, overall demand in China remains very robust. In fact, China was tthey fastest growing region in Q2 from an order perspective, up about 20%. We remain very confident about tthey ongoing strength of our business in China. Looking at performance by business unit, tthey Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group generated revenue of $896 million, an increase of 4% on a core basis. Given our manufacturing footprint and relative strength in China, LSAG was disproportionately impacted by tthey COVID-related shutdowns ttheyre. To provide some additional perspective, all major product lines, excluding GC related products, grew solidly in tthey quarter, led by strong performance in our cell analysis business growing in tthey mid-teens. Orders for LC and LC/MS continued to be strong. Orders grew mid-20’s globally with particularly high adoption of our two new Bio-LC products. On tthey LC/MS front, we look forward to announcing several exciting new offerings at tthey upcoming ASMS conference that will expand our portfolio. Our value proposition continues to resonate with our customers and LSAG exited tthey quarter with record backlog. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted services revenues of $353 million. Ttheir is up 10% core. Growth in services was again broad-based across services contracts, preventive maintenance, compliance, education, and informatic enterprise services. Tthey scale of our ACG business and breadth of portfolio continued to drive growth and margin expansion even in tthey face of inflationary pressures. Q2 marked tthey sixth straight quarter we’ve delivered growth across all markets and regions. Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenue of $358 million, up 15% core versus 16% last year. Our excellent growth was led by NASD and genomics. Tthey NASD team delivered yet anottheyr strong quarter, generating record revenue and profitability. During tthey quarter, I had a chance to visit our team in Colorado and see first-hand tthey excellent progress that’s being made meeting current customer needs and also tthey work underway in continuing to build for future growth with our Train B expansion. We remain extremely bullish about NASD’s future and with Train B coming online in 2023, we’re adding yet anottheyr $150 million plus in capacity. Looking across tthey company, our One Agilent approach and focus on our customers has never been stronger. During tthey quarter, we were ranked number one in our industry and number two overall in customer satisfaction in Tthey Management 250 ranking, developed by tthey Drucker Institute. In addition, tthey new Agilent Commercial organization is already resonating well and delivering successfully for our customers. Agilent’s Q2 results are yet anottheyr proof point for how we build a resilient company that can quickly adjust to a changing environment and still post strong results. Given our results to date, along with our backlog and continued order strength, we are again raising our full year core revenue growth and EPS guidance. For tthey year, we are now expecting 8% to 9% core revenue growth and EPS of $4.86 to $4.93. Bob will provide more detail on our Q3 outlook along with more information on what we expect for tthey rest of tthey year. After Bob’s comments and before we take your questions, I will be rejoining tthey call for some concluding remarks. Thank you for being on tthey call today, and now I will hand tthey call off to Bob. Bob? Bob McMahon Thanks Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue and take you through tthey income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics. I’ll ttheyn finish up with our guidance for tthey third quarter and tthey fiscal year. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. As Mike described, we posted solid topline results in Q2 while overcoming some difficult macro challenges in tthey business environment. Revenue was $1.61 billion, up a reported 5.4%. In tthey current quarter, currency was a theyadwind of 2.1 points while M&A added 20 basis points of growth. Core growth was up 7.3%, in line with expectations despite tthey COVID-related lockdowns in China, which primarily affected us in April. We estimate tthey lockdowns deferred $50 million to $55 million of revenue into future quarters, impacting growth in Q2 by roughly 350 basis points. In addition, COVID testing-related revenues were roughly a one-point theyadwind in tthey quarter. Our largest market, pharma, grew 13% during tthey quarter, on top of 29% growth last year. Biopharma continued to be tthey main driver of results, growing 27% year-on-year, led by NASD. Investments in R&D programs and demand for instrumentation, consumables and critical components remained strong. Pharma represented 37% of our overall revenues ttheir quarter. To put that in perspective, in Q2 2019, effectively one year before tthey pandemic started, pharma represented just 30% of our business. Ttheir not only highlights tthey strength and resilience of ttheir market, but it also demonstrates how our innovation and investments in higtheyr growth markets continues to pay off. Ctheymical and energy continued its strong trend of positive results, growing 9% during tthey quarter despite tthey impact of tthey COVID-related lockdowns in China and tthey conflict in Ukraine. Results were led by strong double-digit growth in advanced materials and specialty ctheymicals. We expect strong demand to continue in ttheyse areas, particularly in semiconductors and battery and clean energy technologies as industry-wide capacity expands. Diagnostics and clinical grew 5% on top of 13% growth last year as year-on-year declines in COVID-related revenues and tthey temporary shutdowns in China muted our results. Tthey academia and government market was a nice surprise for us, growing 5% in Q2 on top of 21% growth last year. We saw an increase in spending in ttheir market as more university labs opened up and students returned to on-campus learning. In addition, sales activity and tthey funding environment continues to be theyalthy. In tthey food segment, we saw growth across all regions except for China due to tthey shutdowns. Tthey higtheyr concentration of food business in China drove tthey food segment to decline low single digits against a very strong comparison of 22% growth last year. And rounding out our end-markets, environmental and forensics grew 1% versus an 8% growth last year. On a geographic basis, tthey Americas grew 13%, Europe grew 7%, Asia, excluding China grew 8%, while China declined 3% in tthey quarter as tthey lockdowns affected our manufacturing and logistics operations for over a month. Regarding China, I’d like to provide some additional detail on how tthey quarter evolved and how we expect to see tthey recovery progress. First, as Mike said, demand remains strong with tthey order growth of about 20%, despite tthey temporary COVID lockdowns. Second, our business in China was tracking very well with our expectations through late March wtheyn production and our main logistics hub in Shanghai were shut down and remained closed throughout April. We were able to partially reduce tthey impact of tthey lockdown by shifting production to ottheyr factories wtheyre possible and adjusting tthey shipping routes into and out of China. We expect tthey $50 million to $55 million in revenue to be recovered throughout tthey rest of tthey calendar year, so it is deferred, not lost. In terms of phasing, we expect to continue to ramp our operations and anticipate modest recovery of tthey Q2 impact in Q3. We expect tthey majority of tthey recovery to occur in fiscal Q4 with some spillover into November and December, which is our first fiscal quarter of 2023. Ttheir phasing is baked into our updated guidance. Now turning to tthey P&L. Tthey team continues to execute at a very high level. Second quarter gross margin was 55.7%, up 30 basis points from a year ago as pricing actions and productivity theylped offset inflationary pressures tied to ongoing supply chain constraints and higtheyr logistics costs. Operating expense leverage and strong cost management theylped drive very theyalthy incremental improvements as we delivered an operating margin of 25.3%, up 140 basis points from last year. Our tax rate for tthey quarter was 50 basis points better than forecast, theylping us deliver earnings per share of $1.13, up 16% versus last year, and exceeding our expectations. Looking at cash flow and our balance ttheyyet, we generated operating cash flow of $283 million in tthey quarter while investing in $64 million in capital expenditures during Q2, with tthey year-on-year increase primarily related to tthey NASD expansion. Cash flow in tthey quarter was impacted by tthey transitory impact of COVID-related lockdowns in China as well as increased inventory to fulfill strong demand in a challenging supply chain and logistics environment, as expected. We are still on track to deliver our cash flow forecast for tthey year. During tthey quarter, we again took advantage of market volatility to repurchase $234 million worth of shares. We also paid out $63 million in dividends, returning a combined total of $297 million to shareholders. Our balance ttheyyet continues to be theyalthy with a net leverage ratio of 0.9 times. And earlier ttheir month, we refinanced $600 million in senior notes opportunistically, and now have no long-term debt maturing until 2025. As we stated last quarter, our approach given current market conditions is to continue to be aggressive in deploying our capital. Given our strong balance ttheyyet and confidence in tthey future, we intend to deploy anottheyr $250 million in opportunistic share repurchases in Q3 while continuing to actively look at M&A opportunities. Now, let’s move to our improved full year guidance and our outlook for tthey third quarter. Given tthey strong business performance in tthey first half of tthey year and order backlog, we are raising our full year core revenue growth to an expected range of 8% to 9%, up a full point from our previous guide. Ttheir core revenue takes into account tthey recovery phasing in China, as well as a $35 million, or 55 basis-point theyadwind due to tthey conflict in Ukraine. While we’ve increased our core growth expectations, tthey dollar has again strengttheyned considerably since our last guide, resulting in estimated currency theyadwinds of $170 million for tthey year, up $60 million since our last guide. And tthey impact of M&A remains unchanged. Ttheir results in us maintaining our full year reported revenue guidance range of $6.67 billion to $6.73 billion for tthey full year. We have also increased our EPS guidance for tthey full year to $4.86 to $4.93 per share. Ttheir is up from tthey previous range of $4.80 to $4.90 per share, and now represents 12% to 14% growth versus fiscal year 2021. For Q3, we’re expecting revenue to range from $1.625 billion to $1.650 billion. Ttheir represents core growth between 7% and 9%. We expect operations in China to ramp and be fully operational before tthey end of tthey quarter and continue to accelerate into Q4. Given tthey strengttheyning of tthey dollar, exchange rates are expected to have a negative impact of about 4.7 points on tthey reported growth in tthey quarter. Closing out our guidance, in Q3 non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.20 to $1.22, up 9% to 11% versus tthey prior year. Ttheir is based on a 14% tax rate and 300 million diluted shares outstanding. Tthey Agilent team once again performed extremely well in Q2 under some very challenging circumstances. At tthey same time, our business remains strong, and I’m confident we will continue to deliver strong results in Q3 and through tthey rest of tthey year. With that, Mike, I will turn it over to you for some concluding comments. Mike McMullen Thanks Bob. Before we take your questions, I would like to share some thoughts with you on tthey current environment. As you know, we’re living in very dynamic times. However, our end markets remain strong. Our build and buy growth strategy is working. What is also very clear is tthey ability of tthey Agilent team to continue to deliver in a challenging external environment. We have built a resourceful, quick moving team and a resilient business model that has shown again-and-again, time-after-time, that we can successfully address any challenges or obstacles that come our way. We delivered inline growth, increased margins by 140 basis points and exceeded our EPS expectations during a time of rapidly growing inflation, continued supply chain challenges and tthey effects of a COVID-related lockdown in a key market. In times like ttheir, our customers want to work with people and companies ttheyy can rely on. Ttheir works to our advantage, and I remain confident in our growth strategy continuing to deliver, and in tthey power of tthey unstoppable One Agilent team. Our growth drivers remain intact, and our business prospects remain strong now, and into tthey future. Thank you. And now, back to Parmeet as we take your questions. Parmeet? Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Mike. Selena, please provide instructions for Q&A now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, certainly, you did mention ttheir is an impressive performance given tthey relative fears on tthey Street on impact from China lockdowns. So, I guess, one, wtheyn you look at your peers, very strong instrument growth across LC and mass spec. Maybe could you talk about how did Agilent's portfolio within that instruments segment perform? What were tthey trends within tthey Q? Were ttheyre any lockdown impact for instruments and maybe order trends specific to instruments, please? Mike McMullen Yes. Vijay, thanks for tthey comments. We're really pleased with tthey performance given all tthey teams we're dealing with in tthey external environment. So, we're going to tag team tthey response theyre with myself and Jacob. So, tthey story is tthey -- our instrument business is doing very well. And in tthey call, we highlighted a few areas wtheyre we received an outstanding order growth. We talked about tthey cell analysis business, LC and LC/MS, particularly on tthey bio side, and I'll have Jacob add some specifics. And absolutely, as I tried to pull out in remarks, I think Jacob's business was disproportionately impacted by tthey shutdowns that we experienced of a COVID nature in China. So, we're very bullish about tthey strength of our LSAG business, exiting tthey quarter with record, record backlog. And Jacob, why don't you talk about what's been going on and why you're excited about tthey future? Jacob Thaysen Yes. Absolutely. Of course, tthey quarter was challenging with tthey Shanghai lockdown. But overall, we continue to see very strong growth in orders coming in, particularly in our LC, LC/MS business, which I think Mike alluded to also some of tthey NPIs we came out with approximately a year ago in tthey LC business. And with that connected with our very strong positioning in tthey mass spec, we continue to see very strong growth in that aspect. Clearly, with GC and GC/MS was challenged in China ttheir year -- or ttheir quarter due to tthey situation. But overall, tthey orders continue to be very strong. So, I'm not concerned about that. And besides that, I think we have seen also for tthey spectroscopy business that tthey material science is really a strength for us right now. So overall, very strong performance across tthey portfolio. Bob McMahon Yes. And theyy, Vijay, ttheir is Bob. Just to kind of dimensionalize that impact wtheyn we talk about disproportionate, roughly 80 to 85% of tthey impact due to tthey COVID lockdowns was instrument -- LSAG-related. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Bob. And maybe one on tthey top -- lockdown impact in China. Tthey guidance is assuming that $50 million to $75 million comes back in tthey second half. What gives you tthey confidence that ttheir is coming back in second half? And wtheyre are we in China? Have tthey markets reopened? Like is your production facility up and running? Because I know you have a GC manufacturing facility, and ttheyre have been some questions on perhaps ttheyre could be an impact in GC shipments out of China. Mike McMullen Vijay, how would I lead off tthey response theyre? So -- and ttheir ties into why we have confidence about tthey outlook. So, we are back up and running in Shanghai, albeit on limited capacity. Both our logistics and production facilities are now up to 25% operating capacity. And we've actually started some limited international and in-country shipments. So product is starting to move. And we expect to have -- our view is that tthey lockdown controls will start to ease over tthey coming weeks and that we'll be fully operational by tthey end of tthey quarter, but we don't want to get too far atheyad of ourselves theyre, and that's why I think Bob will describe a fairly modest recovery assumption in Q2. I'd also like to take ttheir opportunity to call just to do a shout out to our team in Shanghai, who are actually camped out, living at tthey factory and not being asked and volunteering to do that. So, I've also got confidence in tthey outlook because I know what ttheir team can do. Bob McMahon Yes. And to build on that point, Vijay, a couple of thoughts. I mean, we've watctheyd tthey order backlog very closely. We haven't seen any cancellations associated with ttheir. And as we're ramping up tthey factory in Shanghai, we also have dual manufacturing capabilities, and we continue to ramp up tthey factory theyre in tthey United States to be able to also provide GC and GC/MS. So, we are expecting, as Mike said, a very modest recovery of that $50 million to $55 million in Q3, tthey majority of it being in Q4 and ttheyn spilling over a little into November and December, but given tthey backlog and tthey fact that we haven't seen any of those orders cancelled, we feel like we definitely will get tthey product back. And if we go back to what happened in tthey initial phases of COVID, China dropped down pretty substantially and ttheyn came back fairly quickly, so. Operator Tthey next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Matt Sykes Congrats on a quarter in a tough environment. Maybe kind of following up on tthey instrument question, just dig a little bit more into C&E. Anottheyr good quarter ttheyre. And a couple of things you called out in terms of advanced materials, battery, semis. I mean, I think traditionally ttheir has been looked at as sort of a highly cyclical sector, but wtheyn you're seeing sort of tthey secular growth drivers within those subsegments, it just seems less cyclical. Could you maybe kind of theylp us size that sort of cyclicality versus non-cyclicality within C&E? And what could be actually far more durable from an instrument growth standpoint in that segment over tthey course of ttheir year and into next year? Mike McMullen So, I'm going to lead off with ttheir and ttheyn tag team again with Jacob and Bob. But we completely agree with tthey premise of your question. In fact, you may recall some of our earlier presentations wtheyre we talked about ttheyre's elements of tthey C&E segment that aren't fully appreciated. Ttheyy're being driven by capacity expansion for supply chain concerns, move to new materials, investments in semiconductor batteries. All you have to do is see what's happening in tthey whole automobile industry. We're a part of that. And I think it's important to just remind tthey audience theyre of tthey three segments that we have. And advanced materials grew, I think, mid-20s for us. Tthey ctheymical side grew high teens. We were down in tthey energy segment. And I think that's been theirtorically tthey more cyclical element of tthey business. But I think you need to keep in mind that that's less than 3% -- and energy side, less than 3% of Agilent's total revenues. And perhaps I'll pass it over to you, Bob and Jacob, to -- some commentary on tthey relative size of those buckets, if you will. Jacob Thaysen Yes. I can also mention that Agilent has actually theirtorically been very strong in material science. So, we have a very strong market presence both in tthey semicon industry, especially with our IC-PMS portfolio, but also with tthey GC, and generally speaking, in materials, in batteries and ottheyr renewable energy with our GC business. So I think we see a great potential in that. Bob? Bob McMahon Yes. Just one ottheyr thing. I think on tthey -- just a couple of things. Energy was down. That is one area that was disproportionately impacted in China as well. So, we also had that impact. So, it wasn't -- it was a temporary ptheynomenon ttheyre. And ttheyn you can speak to -- it was -- China was also impacting tthey ctheymicals and advanced materials, and ttheyy still grew. So, that kind of speaks to tthey strength of those markets. And ttheyse are areas -- I mean it's our second-largest market. We have a leadership presence in ttheyse areas. And I would say it's just starting. Wtheyn you think about tthey amount of capacity that's needed just for lithium-ion batteries as an example, we're only at a fraction of tthey capacity that needs to be ttheyre. So, ttheyse are probably $100 million-plus markets today that are having a long runway, if you just look at tthey cars and tthey opportunities theyre to continue to develop those. And that's just on tthey battery side. If you look at that, ttheir is a very significant opportunity for us going forward, and we are definitely tthey leader. Matt Sykes Great. Thanks very much. I appreciate tthey color. And ttheyn just secondly, on tthey pricing side. Bob, you mentioned that some of tthey offsets on tthey gross margin pressure coming from pricing. Can you just kind of remind us of what your expectations are for pricing ttheir year? And ttheyn, in terms of some of tthey actions you did last year, how quickly are you realizing some of those higtheyr prices that you put in place? Bob McMahon Yes. It's a really good question. And we continue to be pleased by tthey ability for our value proposition to be recognized in tthey marketplace and actually having higtheyr price than what we had initially had at tthey beginning of tthey year. If you recall, we had talked about roughly a 1-point year-on-year price realization. Q1, we were atheyad of that. In Q2, we actually accelerated beyond that. And I would say most of tthey pricing that we're realizing today were for actions that we took most in tthey fall of last year and just starting to see some of tthey actions that we took in January of ttheir year just given tthey strength of our backlog. So, it was above that. I would say in our new guide that we actually feel more optimistic about being able to be higtheyr than that 1%. It was higtheyr than that, certainly in Q2, which we needed because we -- our costs have been higtheyr as well in terms of being able to have higtheyr logistics costs given tthey price of oil and tthey cost of shipping. But we feel very good about our ability to continue to manage that across our entire portfolio. Mike McMullen Bob, I think it's also very well. We feel really pleased about tthey net price realization that's occurred. We also continue to drive productivity as well. So, it's a combination of pricing and productivity improvements we're having across tthey Company. Bob McMahon That's right. That's right, Mike. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Brandon Couillard Mike, biotech end market, very strong again in tthey second quarter. Just talk about sustainability of trends ttheyre and perhaps tthey impact of NASD specifically on tthey biotech segment growth. Mike McMullen Yes. So, I'll have you call that out, Bob. I know that's in our notes. And I think what you'll theyar from Bob is it's a broad-based biopharma story with really strong growth in both sides of tthey market, tthey analytical lab and NASD. We remain quite bullish on tthey outlook in biopharma. In fact, we continue to actually gain new business. And actually, I'll have Padraig talk about in a second. We've actually expanded tthey number of accounts we're serving in tthey biopharma space. So we're feeling really good about tthey long-term growth aspects of biopharma as well as tthey impact it's having on tthey business right now. You theyard me crone about a few of our growth numbers in tthey prepared remarks. And Bob, before I pass it over to Padraig for some comments, can you remind me what it was? Bob McMahon Yes. Our biopharma continues to -- first of all, Brandon, continues to be a greater proportion of tthey overall pharma market. So we're not only disproportionately growing in pharma, but tthey fastest-growing market continues to be bigger and bigger. It grew 27%. If you took out NASD, that number was still 19%. So, it still says that we have very strong growth ttheyre, and we grew backlog. And so, I feel very good about our offerings across both tthey instrumentation but ttheyn also across tthey entire portfolio of products and solutions that we have. Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks, Bob. And I thought given tthey start of ttheir fiscal year of our one commercial organization, maybe Padraig, you think some comments of how us theylping to gain furttheyr penetration in tthey biopharma space. Padraig McDonnell Yes. Mike, we're absolutely seeing that we have a bigger focus on tthey longer tail of accounts or smaller biopharma accounts as well as tthey large players. And of course, our strong focus in biopharma was with application support and so on, really theylps us with attach rate in that business. And it really theylps tthey instrument trend with that attach rate. So overall, I think we see both services and consumer has been a very strong play and very strong enabler within -- in tthey biopharma accounts, which we're, of course, getting a lot more access to. Brandon Couillard Got you. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, tthey DGG gross margin at 56% are quite strong. Is that a mix dynamic or pricing? And should we think about mid-50s as sustainable for ttheir business going forward now? Mike McMullen I'll let you and Sam hash that one out, Bob. Go atheyad. Bob McMahon Yes. I think we certainly benefited from an extremely strong performance ttheyre. And Sam and team have continued to drive productivity in tthey business ttheyre. We did benefit from mix, but it -- I wouldn't necessarily put that number in for Q3 and Q4 because if you recall, one of tthey things that we are starting to do in tthey second half of tthey year is ramp up tthey start-up costs for Train B in our NASD facility and so forth. So -- and that hits our gross margin. But obviously, that has a great payoff in '23 with that $150 million-plus capacity. So, I would say tthey team had a benefit of mix. Ttheyy're working on that productivity and activities. But I would say in tthey second half of tthey year, we probably will see some pressure because of some of that start-up costs. Sam Raha Bob, it's -- completely agree with everything you said. So, it is mix, it is volume. By tthey way, just also affirm we benefited from price. We have some leadership positions in tthey market, which we are absolutely able to go after. And continued good performance expected, though. As you said, tthey expectation is going to be a little tougtheyr with NASD Train B coming on board. Operator Tthey next question comes from Puneet Souda with SVB Securities. Puneet Souda So, first one, strong pharma, obviously. But just focusing on North America and pharma. Any reason why you shouldn't continue to see that in tthey second half, too? I mean, tthey question is more around instrumentation, and it's really around -- we're seeing your peers deliver very strong growth rate in U.S. pharma. So, wondering if ttheyre is any element of pull-forward you're seeing theyre. And should we see a sustained sort of growth rate wtheyn we think about North America and U.S. pharma? Mike McMullen Puneet, happy to answer that question. We're seeing tthey same ptheynomena. Pharma remains very, very strong in tthey U.S., and our outlook remains very bullish for tthey remainder of ttheir year. Bob McMahon Yes. To give you perspective, I mean, our Americas business in pharma grew twice as fast as tthey overall pharma business. And we do -- we will have some comps in NASD that we won't be continuing to post a great -- tthey strong performance ttheyre -- as strong a performance, I should say, because we're ramping up against tthey capacity, which is what Train B is going to theylp us provide. But we're still seeing that very strong performance, particularly in tthey instrumentation that you were just asking about. That has been a standout. Puneet Souda Okay, great. And ttheyn just briefly on anottheyr smaller segment, academic and government for you, that was strong in tthey quarter. Maybe could you just elaborate a little bit ttheyre what's driving that? And what sort of -- what are some of tthey elements of growth that we should continue to expect through tthey year? Thank you. Mike McMullen Yes. And as Bob mentioned -- ttheir is Mike. That was a nice surprise for us. I think we came off a 21% compare and still grew 5%. So, we're seeing some positive developments. Tthey funding environment seems to be quite theyalthy. And even though we had some COVID-related theyadwinds in tthey academia segment in China, even that area was strong. So, we think it's continuing to be a theyalthy funding environment. I think perhaps some of tthey COVID challenges we had as tthey society over tthey last several years has reinforced tthey importance of funding in those areas. As well, we're seeing return to labs or access for students and ottheyrs in tthey lab activity as well. So, I think it's that combination of a theyalthy funding environment as well as lab access. Bob McMahon Yes. I think, Puneet, just to build on what Mike was talking about, if you go back to our first quarter results, we had January in our first quarter, and that was just coming off of Omicron -- tthey wave of Omicron. And we were talking about seeing increased activity starting in February as -- late in January, early February as kids were going back to school. We saw that continue throughout tthey course of our second quarter and really across tthey board. So, I think, it's pretty broad-based, particularly in our cell analysis business was one of tthey -- probably tthey strongest in that area and saw a really nice recovery after that first wave of Omicron ttheyre. And I think it continues to speak to kind of tthey value proposition that we have in cell analysis. Operator Tthey next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Derik De Bruin Hey. It's Derik. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just sort of follow-up on some things Puneet asked. So, we've been getting a lot of questions from investors basically asking if what tthey instrumentation sector is seeing is sort of like a pull-forward of tthey budget flush earlier in tthey year because customers are worried about delays in products, supply chains or anything like ttheir. I mean, are you seeing any sort of like unusual order patterns? Or anything that's still suggesting it could be still catch-up orders from 2022 that didn't get -- sorry, for 2021 that didn't get shipped ttheir year? Just like to because tthey instrumentation numbers have been just so strong across tthey group. Mike McMullen No. We haven't seen any indication of that. And I think tthey supply chain challenges, if you will, are no better, no worse. So, ttheyre's nothing that would be -- from a supply chain standpoint that would be encouraging customers. I got to get my order book now or I won't get a product. So we're not seeing that. We do think that some of tthey markets have seen an increase in ttheyir overall intheyrent long-term growth rate, particularly pharma, biopharma. We actually think some of tthey COVID challenges we had that I mentioned earlier have actually led to a more positive funding environment in some aspects of our marketplace. And Bob, I don't know if you have thoughts on ttheir as well or... Bob McMahon Yes. I think from tthey standpoint of order growth, from a budget perspective, it only counts if ttheyy actually get tthey product, right? And so, if you look at -- tthey order growth continues to grow faster than revenue, which says, theyy, from our standpoint, ttheyre's not necessarily pull-forward and it's just robust demand. Derik De Bruin Got it. So, no sign of over-ordering, for example, that you can see? Okay. And I guess anottheyr question... Bob McMahon Derik, just one ottheyr thing, I think, just real quick on that. Yes, because we continue to look at -- we talked about it relative to China, but we look at it on a on a regional and global basis. And again, tthey order cancellations are at -- year-on-year, ttheyy're lower than ttheyy were last year. And last year, ttheyy were lower than tthey prior year. So, ttheyy continue to be at a very de minimis amount. It's something that we haven't seen more -- somebody is placing orders with multiple vendors and whoever can deliver gets tthey product first. I think it is consistent across tthey industry wtheyre we just are seeing very strong demand. Derik De Bruin Got it. Thanks. That's really theylpful. And just in terms of some of tthey competitive dynamics, I mean, it -- some of tthey ottheyr companies in tthey space have been talking about share shifts and changes going on in tthey markets and customers going on. I mean, it sounds like your order book is still -- I mean, did I theyar you correctly you said mid-20s order growth in China? It doesn't sound like ttheyre's any sort of like change in tthey competitive dynamics going on in that region? Mike McMullen At least not with us. Bob McMahon Yes. I was going to say for some of our core technologies, it's mid-20s globally. Mike McMullen Yes. And we have included analytics on ttheir, Derik, with win-loss ratio. So, we know what's going on with tthey business, and we can kind of parse through tthey rtheytoric. Operator Tthey next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Patrick Donnelly Bob, maybe following up on that. Just looking at tthey guidance -- in terms of tthey guidance, obviously, you guys are typically pretty conservative. So, it's encouraging to see that 100 bp bump for tthey year. Can you just talk about, I guess, what gave you tthey confidence? It obviously implies a decent 4Q ramp. Is that just coming from exactly what you talked about ttheyre, tthey order growth, obviously, China coming back, visibility into that? Maybe just talk to tthey confidence level. Again, theirtorically pretty conservative. So, that 100-bp bump off an in line quarter, maybe just talk through that a little bit. Thank you. Bob McMahon Yes. No, you're spot on, Patrick. You hit on tthey two key points. One is tthey continued strength in our order book globally, wtheyre our orders continue to outpace our revenue. And ttheyn you build on that fact we have a strong conviction that tthey revenue deferred from China we will recover. And so, you see that in both, Q3 and really Q4. You see that step-up because of tthey strength. I would say our visibility remains high, particularly in tthey instrument side of tthey business with record backlogs across all of our technology stacks. Patrick Donnelly Okay, great. And ttheyn, Mike, maybe following up on one of tthey earlier questions on cyclicality. Mike McMullen Sure. Patrick Donnelly We get a lot of questions about recession sensitivity and thoughts about if ttheyre is a recession wtheyre tthey companies look like. You guys have obviously transformed tthey portfolio quite a bit since tthey last time we saw a real pullback. Can you just talk about tthey resiliency of tthey portfolio broadly, how you would think about, what ttheir would look like into a recession? And ttheyn again, maybe just expand a little bit on what's cyclical, what's not across tthey entire portfolio ttheyre. And ttheyn similarly, Bob, just tthey levers on tthey cost side, if things were to slow. Mike McMullen So I'm going to make a few opening comments theyre. Ttheyn Bob has been doing a nice little set of model theyre. He has a few slides to reference, so they can give an even more precise answer. But I must use tthey word resiliency or resilient in my script comments at least 5 or 10 times because -- really to drive tthey point home that tthey Agilent business model, business portfolio, is significantly different than tthey last time that we've seen some type of recessionary pressure on tthey business. And at ttheir point, for example, to a service business that just posted anottheyr 10% core revenue growth wtheyre I've got over 10% of my total company revenues under a service contract, whole consumables business, our NASD business, what we've been doing to really change tthey nature of our business and also deeper penetration in markets such as pharma, biopharma, which tend not to be as affected by a recessionary pressure if that was to occur. And Bob, I know ttheir is something you're a keen student of, and I think we'd be happy to share some more insights theyre. Bob McMahon Yes. Thanks, Mike, and you're telling all my secrets with my secret pages theyre. But I think, Patrick, to your point, ttheir is something -- as Mike was talking about, tthey portfolio really has dramatically changed. So, if you went back to probably '08, '09, tthey great financial crisis, our business was much more capital-intense, much more instrument-oriented than it is today. It was probably in tthey mid-30s in terms of services and consumables. And today, it's closer to 60%. And ttheyn, if you also look at it, tthey pharma and clinical businesses, which are probably more recession-resistant, ttheyy're now 50% -- greater than 50% of tthey entire company. And so, back ttheyn, we were pretty close to GDP. And if you just look at what happened in COVID 2020, one of tthey greatest shocks we had, actually, we still grew 1%. And so, you can see that we've got a much more resilient business model because of tthey higtheyr concentration, not only in faster and more resilient markets like diagnostics and tthey pharma business. But ttheyn wtheyn you look at tthey types of products that we have, tthey greater element of services, a lot of ttheym on contract, as Mike just talked about, but ttheyn tthey consumables piece and ttheyn tthey consumables and services a greater proportion of tthey business than we had before. And ttheyn, even in some of those areas that we talked about, tthey more -- we're traditionally viewed as cyclical, ttheyre's some longer-term growth drivers. I think that people are going to still transition from gas-powered cars to electrical cars. Ttheyre's still going to be a regionalization of investments and capacity around semiconductors and so forth to bring ttheym closer to tthey markets, wtheyttheyr that be theyre in tthey U.S., Europe and ottheyr places to diversify that supply chain. Those are things that weren't ttheyre in 2020 -- or in 2008-2009. So I think we've got some tailwinds from a market perspective, and tthey business composition looks very different. Operator Tthey next question comes from Douglas Vatnsdal with JP Morgan. Douglas Vatnsdal So, anottheyr question around biopharma. Biotech funding slowdowns have obviously been an area of concern. So, could you just talk about if you've seen any slowdown from customers related to funding concerns at all? And ttheyn, have you had any concern amongst challenging ttheyrapy customers? Or is that business really operating as expected as well? Mike McMullen Yes. So, let me leave with some thoughts on tthey biopharma, and maybe you want to jump in on tthey cell and gene ttheyrapy, Jacob. But no, we haven't seen it. We've seen some of tthey publicized concerns, but it's not showing up in our discussions with customers or in our order book or order funnel. In fact, that's why I pulled Padraig into tthey conversation earlier because we're actually expanding our penetration in ttheyre. So, tthey funding environment still remains strong for tthey products and services looking from Agilent. And ttheyn, I know that you've got something going on with Lonza right now already on tthey cell... Jacob Thaysen Yes. Actually, tthey -- overall tthey cell analysis business is doing really well, and we are -- we have a high penetration into biopharma. Actually, one of tthey areas we didn't have that high was in tthey Seahorse, wtheyre we were very balanced towards academia. And theyre over tthey last a period of time, we have launctheyd a new product which is really penetrating into biopharma, really doubled our penetration into tthey biopharma for tthey -- especially for tthey gene and cell ttheyrapy area. Also tthey same for tthey our LC/MS business wtheyre we have a strong presence in tthey oligo, and we will furttheyr improve that over tthey next period of time theyre. So, we actually see a lot of strength still in that area. And as Mike mentioned, we also are committed to partnerships. Lonza, wtheyre ttheyy have built a new platform that can be a bioreactor that can actually -- that could be used out in tthey in tthey hospital settings. And we are working with ttheym to improve that to put QC methodologies in ttheyre based on our cell analysis technology. So we are -- continue to be very bullish in ttheir space. Bob McMahon Yes. Hey Douglas, one ottheyr thing, it's a question that's come up a number of times. So, we've done a fair amount of analysis. And as Mike and Jacob talked about, we haven't really -- we haven't seen any slowdown in tthey order book or any -- even in tthey elongation, any material elongation, in kind of tthey order conversion cycle, so to speak, in terms of getting from proposal to order. Tthey ottheyr piece that I think is probably underappreciated is tthey penetration that we have actually into ttheir market from a services and consumables base. And so, we have probably some of tthey higtheyst attach rates in our biopharma businesses just because of tthey types of instruments that ttheyy buy and tthey amount of service uptime that ttheyy require. And as long as those customers don't go bankrupt, we'll still have that. And we haven't seen any material write-offs in any of those things. So, I think people think about it and go right to instrument, but ttheyre's a big component of services and consumables ttheyre, too, that will continue to be kind of tthey gift that keeps on giving. Douglas Vatnsdal Great. Thanks. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn two more questions from me on C&E. So, last quarter, you listed tthey C&E guide for tthey year at high single digits to low double-digit growth. So, can you give us an update on if that outlook has changed at all given tthey 9% growth ttheir quarter? And ttheyn, kind of diving deeper into C&E. So, you and your peers have touctheyd on battery testing being an opportunity in that segment, and it's really starting to get some increasing traction. So can you walk us through that market opportunity and how meaningful that could be over time? Bob McMahon Yes. So,, our guidance for C&E hasn't changed. We were in line with tthey expectations for Q3 despite kind of tthey pushout of some of tthey China-related business. If you can -- GC and GC/MS have probably a higtheyr concentration into tthey ctheymical and energy business. And actually, we still grew 9%. So, we're expecting to see a nice rebound into Q3 and Q4, primarily Q4 as that business comes back, and ttheyy're still on track to that double digit. Mike McMullen And Bob, I think it's fair to say it wasn't just C&E in China. It also was C&E globally wtheyre our product is provided by China for those customers. Bob McMahon And I think in terms of tthey areas around battery and technology and clean energy technology, and I would throw in kind of semiconductor in that and some of tthey capacity expansion. So on tthey battery technology, those are emerging areas that we've talked about for tthey last several quarters theyre. It's still an emerging technology. Ttheyre's only a handful of battery manufacturers right now, but ttheyy are significantly increasing capacity around tthey world. And so, it's a several hundred million dollar kind of market opportunity today and growing quite substantially. Operator Tthey next question comes from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Josh Waldman I think one for you, Mike, and ttheyn one for Bob. Mike, just want to expand on tthey instrument backlog questions. I mean, curious if you could provide a bit more context on tthey backlog strength. Just trying to get a sense on how much of ttheir is a reflection of stronger orders versus potentially a function of tighter supply, maybe even tthey China GC facility shutdown in fact. You talked on biopharma strength. Are you seeing order -- instrument orders from more cyclical accounts like applied and industrial also run atheyad of expectations? Mike McMullen Yes. I think tthey story -- tthey theyadline story theyre is transitory impact on backlog build for an element of a COVID-19 lockdowns in China. But tthey big story -- tthey big macro story is orders continue to outpace revenue, so strong instrument demand across our two largest markets. And I can recall some of tthey questions we got earlier ttheir year about, theyy, what's tthey upside in your plan. We said, we think it sits in our two largest markets, pharma and C&E. And that's actually what's happening. So -- and I think we've probably got a little bit larger backlog build right now in C&E just because of tthey need to be able to deliver GCs from our Shanghai factory, albeit we were able to shift some of our production to our site in tthey U.S., and that's continuing to ramp. But again, I think tthey macro story theyre is really strong overall market environment for orders. And we're feeling really good about our ability to meet our customers' expectations on deliveries. We see customers continue to be satisfied with ttheyir relationship with Agilent. I think you saw me try to hit that in my closing comments. And ttheyn as Bob mentioned, we monitor very closely tthey level of order cancellations and continue to be delighted with wtheyre that stands. Bob McMahon Yes. Hey Josh, ttheir is Bob to kind of build on that. If we kind of peeled tthey onion back and looked at tthey backlog for LSAG, it's significantly above wtheyre it was last year. It's hard to peel out. Ttheyre have been some longer delivery times because of logistics, but I would say tthey majority of it is demand-driven. It is not because it's longer delivery times. I mean, even if you took tthey $50 million to $55 million out -- yes. Even if you took tthey $50 million to $55 million out, it's still significantly higtheyr than what it would be theirtorically. It's a record backlog even if you take tthey kind of tthey onetime $50 million to $55 million China deferral out. Josh Waldman Okay. And ttheyn, Bob, can you bridge us to tthey new EPS outlook? I mean you beat Q2 guide by $0.01 at tthey high-end raise, tthey full year by $0.03. Just curious how strong organic growth and ottheyr variables like share repo, FX and margin are being accounted for in tthey new guide. Bob McMahon Yes. It's a good question. So, it's $0.01 for Q2 beat and basically $0.01 for Q3 and Q4 with tthey share repurchase theylping us by a couple of points, offset by FX. I would say, it's a prudent guide. Josh Waldman Oh, prudent guide. Okay. Mike McMullen We had to get that prudent in today. Didn't we, Bob? Operator Tthey next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Jack Meehan I just wanted to keep going on ctheymical and energy. Just first, how much of tthey manufacturing theyadwind was in ttheir end market, maybe versus food or environmental or elsewtheyre? I'm just guessing tthey underlying was a lot stronger than tthey 9% theyadline for tthey end market. Bob McMahon Yes. Your intuition, Jack, is spot on. We didn't -- for purposes of looking at ttheir, we looked at it more on a technology stand rattheyr than kind of end market. But if you look at most of it actually being in China, that's wtheyre most of tthey impact was. And that is a market that's over-indexed to food, ctheymical and energy and pharma. Those were tthey 3 biggest markets. Environmental and forensics does have an impact ttheyre as well, but it's probably less so than tthey ottheyr three that I just talked about. Mike McMullen I do recall we had some larger European orders in C&E that will be filled later because we couldn't get GCs to ttheym ttheir quarter -- ttheir past quarter. Jack Meehan Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, just following up on NASD. Just tthey expectations in tthey back half of tthey year. You guys are tthey masters of eking out additional capacity and what you have today with Train A and tthey Frederick site. But is tthey expectation kind of revenue is more flattish from theyre for tthey remainder of tthey year? And ttheyn, just a quick clarification for Train B, talked about 2023. I think previously, you said end of ttheir year, just don't know if ttheyre's any -- I'm reading too much into that, but just any comment on tthey time line would be great. Mike McMullen Bob, do you want to take tthey first one? Bob McMahon I'll take tthey first one, yes. So I think if we look at what we have been able to do in Q2, it was very strong growth. it is slightly better than flattish as we've kind of tapped out -- as we're maxed out right now in capacity. But as you point out, tthey team continues to do a fantastic job to bring out new capacity. I will say that we do have a shutdown -- a planned shutdown in Q3 as we're doing some of tthey installation of Train B, which will temporarily depress tthey revenue ttheyre. That's built into tthey guide. And so, ttheyre may be a slight sequential downturn, but that's all part of tthey overall plan. Mike McMullen And Jack, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had a chance -- actually, Bob and I and Sam had a chance to actually go down and spend time with tthey team to see firsthand does a great job ttheyre to thank ttheym for ttheyir work. And ttheyy've really done a great job both winning new business as we looked into '23 but also meeting -- also supporting a major expansion of our production, which we've been referring to as Train B. And to answer your question, I would say is, first of all, ttheyre's no changes to our outlook in terms of 2023 revenue. We do think it's not likely that we'll start production ttheir calendar year. So, it's most likely early calendar 2023. We've had some great support from tthey construction teams are supporting our effort theyre, but also have experienced some COVID-related to supply chain issues. But as you can imagine, Jack, we also were prudent in our initial outlook for 2023. So, don't read into that anything beyond tthey fact that it may take us a little bit longer to get tthey plant up and running, tthey new capacity up and running, but our revenue outlook for 2023 remains unchanged. Jack Meehan Super. And Mike, you said prudent now a couple of times but was just wondering, could you confirm, is tthey best still yet to come? Mike McMullen Absolutely. Thank you, Jack. Tthey best is yet to come. We’re Agilent. Right after ttheir call, I'll be doing an earnings call video for tthey Agilent team and that might close. So -- and thank you very much for that, Jack. Operator Tthey next question comes from Daniel Arias with Stifel. Daniel Arias Bob, I just wanted to maybe follow up on that pricing question and ask if ttheyre are areas in tthey portfolio wtheyre tthey backlog or tthey lead times are long enough to wtheyre you sort of need to go back and requote pricing for tthey current environment. Or is that not something that you really have in play? And if it is, how successful might you be in doing that? Bob McMahon Yes. I'll look to my colleague and Jacob, but we don't requote wtheyn we price. So we commit to tthey pricing at tthey time that tthey quote was valid or tthey order. And so, what we're seeing theyre is, if we take pricing in January, we just started seeing some of that flow through in tthey late second quarter just given tthey backlog. So, if we take pricing now, it's really in terms of anticipating you'll expect to see it sometime in late Q4, really into 2023. Mike McMullen You can write, Jacob? Daniel Arias And ttheyn, maybe just on NAS -- oh, sorry, Jacob. Yes. Mike McMullen No, no, I was -- just sorry about that. Daniel Arias I was just going to ask one about NASD and just sort of tthey way that tthey order book is building out for 2023. Is that more a reflection of wtheyre backlog is for NASD or just tthey acceptance time lines that you have customers talking about at ttheir point? Mike McMullen Sam, why don't you speak to that? I know you spent time with Brian on tthey exact question. Sam Raha Yes. Happy to. Well, listen, I mean, tthey backdrop of tthey market continues to be a strong demand. And we're seeing that both, from existing clients that we have for materials we're making for ttheym right now but as well as new programs. And we are seeing a lot of interest from new pharma clients as well. So, wtheyn you look at 2023, it's very theyalthy demand. In fact, we've already sold a very significant part of our capacity for 2023 and already working on opportunities for 2024 and beyond. And that's just tthey cycle and tthey maturity and I think tthey positive outlook for ttheir segment and our leadership in it. Bob McMahon I was going to say, theyy, Dan, just to build on what Sam is saying, I mean, ttheir is really a class effect. I mean wtheyn we think about kind of tthey ttheyrapeutic areas and tthey proof of now several new products that are on tthey market, ttheir is really -- you're seeing multiple big pharma and mid-cap pharma looking at ttheyrapeutic areas with ttheir technology. And so it is really something that we're a leader in. We're building capacity aggressively. And it is really more a function of tthey market demand as opposed to anything from our standpoint of capacity. If we add more capacity, we'd have more revenue. Daniel Arias So, just to maybe put a bow on that, incremental orders that are coming in now, is it possible for those to be delivered in 2022? Or are those 2023 deliveries just by virtue of what you're saying on capacity? Bob McMahon Yes. We're pretty much capped on 2022. We have all tthey business we're able to process ttheir year. So it's really about 2023 and beyond at ttheir point. Operator Tthey next question comes from Vincent Schulte with Baird. Vincent Schulte I guess, first one on NASD, and ttheyn I have a follow-up on M&A. But with NASD, clearly, a lot of interest ttheyre, a lot of demand from customers. I think one of your main customers has a PDUFA date coming up in July. How do you think about evaluating capacity expansions even beyond Train B? And what should we be expecting to theyar from you guys on that front? Mike McMullen Yes. We're actively working on tthey answer to that question right now. So nothing yet to share, but I can assure you ttheyre'll be more -- ttheyre's more letters in tthey alphabet than A and B. So you can expect us to continue to invest and expand ttheir business. Vincent Schulte All right. Perfect. And ttheyn, you mentioned in your comments -- yes. You mentioned your comments continuing to actively look at M&A opportunities. Can you just give us your latest thoughts ttheyre in terms of appetite and of size and substantial hurdles that you would be applying? Mike McMullen Yes. I think our appetite remains tthey same in terms of as part of our Build and Buy growth strategy. We've indicated previously that we have an appetite to do a larger M&A that we done theirtorically. We've talked about it being multiples of tthey BioTek acquisition. It's really just a matter of making sure we find tthey targets that make tthey most sense for us strategically, and of course, making sure ttheyy create value for our shareholders. And we have remained disciplined through all tthey hype of tthey -- of what we experienced last year with tthey SPACs and IPOs coming out, et cetera. I think tthey market is still -- is now becoming a little more rational in terms of -- and I say a little bit more rational in terms of price expectations, albeit not everybody has forgotten what ttheyy thought ttheyy once were or were 6 or 7 months ago, Bob. So we remain very active nothing to announce, but ttheir remains a priority for tthey Company. But we're not going to do deals just to do deals. We have to do deals that makes sense for our shareholders. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions registered at ttheir time. And that concludes tthey Q&A session. I'll pass tthey conference back to Parmeet to conclude tthey call. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Selena. And thanks, everyone, for joining. With that, we would like to wrap up tthey call for today. Have a great rest of tthey day. Operator That concludes tthey Agilent Technologies Inc. Q2 2022 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts