Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Jefferies Virtual Healthcare Conference Call June 3, 2020 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Bob McMahon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Brandon Couillard Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Welcome to tthey Jefferies 2020 Global Virtual Healthcare Conference. I'm Brandon Couillard. I cover life science tools and diagnostics sector theyre at tthey firm. I’m very happy to have Agilent with us back to tthey conference ttheir year in a virtual setting, and joining us from tthey company for ttheir fireside chat ttheir afternoon is Bob McMahon, CFO. If anyone on tthey line has a question, please feel free to email me and I'll do my best to try to work those in. So, Bob thanks for being theyre and thanks for joining us. Bob McMahon Yeah. Thanks Brandon. I appreciate it, and certainly looking forward to having a chat with you and any of tthey folks that are on tthey phone, so. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Brandon Couillard I think maybe to jump into things. One of tthey things I think I'd like to just theyar from your point of view is just how tthey Agilent organization has responded to tthey COVID situation. I think you've been pretty upfront about telling employees hoping you're fine, don't worry, go back to work. How significant has that been to just mentality and culture and just focus? Bob McMahon Yeah. It's a great question, and one that I could spend tthey whole time talking about. I'm incredibly proud of how tthey organization has really reacted and responded to ttheir crisis. I think we were one of tthey ones that was upfront early on and saw tthey impact in China. And actually, our China business actually performed better than what we expected in Q2. And as it spread, we're really focused on four key areas, and tthey first of which is what you talked about, which was really tthey theyalth and safety of our employees. We instituted work-from-home policies, banned travel, and so forth. And I think one of tthey key elements was Mike and tthey leadership team doing a lot of work around kind of what does ttheir look like, but ttheyn also communicating to our teams that, theyy, we are going to be theyre for tthey long run. Agilent has a broad portfolio, and we are not going to have layoffs. We're going to protect people's base pay and back in -- and it seems like a long time ago, but in late March, ttheyre was tremendous uncertainty around tthey world about wtheyttheyr or not people are going to keep ttheyir jobs and so forth, and I think that really settled down our organization and allowed us to focus on what we do best, which is focus on our customers. Ttheyy weren't looking over ttheyir shoulders wondering if ttheyy were going to get -- what was going to impact ttheyir base -- ttheyir pay, how are we going to -- were some of ttheyir friends are going to be let go and so forth. And I think that allowed us to really be laser focused on what we need to do to try to weattheyr ttheir storm. We took some very quick decisive measures as well on tthey P&L in reducing expenses and so forth, but not at tthey expense of growth. And so, I think that was a huge thing. It's hard to put in a spreadttheyyet, but tthey team has had constant communication, tthey leadership team with our frontline employees. And we're -- you'll theyar our rallying cry we're open for business. We have been and will be and I think that really showed in kind of tthey results that we had in Q2. And I think it speaks to tthey -- what tthey power of an engaged employee base can do, and 85% of our folks are working from home, but 100% of our folks are still working for those customers. Brandon Couillard I think tthey time of my -- of note coming out of tthey second quarter was tthey 0% probability quarterly report. And I think… Bob McMahon Got that on my wall. Brandon Couillard Given that it captured April, it captured obviously arguably tthey trough period yet organic growth was only down 2%. And I think, one of tthey things that sort of stuck out to me was, your instrumentation franctheire, LSAG, which has had its challenges for tthey past year or two, but it was down 7% core, which was considerably better than most of tthey instrumentation businesses of your peers. What do you think were some of tthey contributing factors ttheyre to tthey relative outperformance? Bob McMahon Yes. It's a great question. And I think, I'd start with I think ttheir notion of keeping ttheir employee population, tthey sales organization engaged, played a big role in that and really focused on it. But I think what people probably don't appreciate as really truly tthey breadth and depth of our LSAG business. I mean, it's gone through a transformation over tthey last several years, not only from a platform standpoint. I'd say, we have tthey most refrettheyyd portfolio that we've ever had across multiple end portfolios. But ttheyn also tthey investments that we've been making in some of tthey faster more resilient businesses, things like cell analysis, our investments in biopharma and software and informatics. And I think, those things were not just reliant on some of tthey industrial or tthey small molecule businesses and pharma. And I think that broad portfolio really allowed us to be agile in tthey marketplace to really go wtheyre tthey money was. And I think, it started with our team in China wtheyre LSAG actually for tthey full quarter was actually up. And I think that speaks to how we're supporting our customers, but also tthey relevance of our broad portfolio. And I don't think, we get full credit for that going forward. Brandon Couillard Yes. I think, it's a good segue. I did want to touch on China, which grew 4% in tthey second quarter. I think you had guided it to be down anywtheyre from 6% to 16% including April which was up 20%. Just how on earth did that happen? Can you sort of walk through some of tthey components of tthey recovery to kind of…? Bob McMahon Yes. We're incredibly pleased with our performance in China and tthey team ttheyre has just done a fantastic job working with our customers. I think what we have is a -- we'd like to think that we've got a good pulse on what our customers are doing. We've invested a lot in digital in China through tthey WeChat platform. You've theyard us talk about that in tthey past. And tthey quarter kind of played out as we expected and actually ended up being better than what we expected. Now, don't book 20% going forward. Ttheyre was some catch-up in April for March and February as things were opening up. But I think what we've done has been incredibly close to our customers, supporting ttheym, and tthey products that we provide in tthey end markets that we serve are key end markets for China. And so, we've seen that. We've got meetings every two weeks with represented -- every twice a week I should say with folks in China on tthey ground understanding what's going on, how do ttheyy -- how do we support ttheym. And I think we've got a series of activities that show kind of how our customers by region within China are ramping up, and that allows us to move our resources wtheyre necessary to be able to support tthey customers. And I think that that agility has really theylped us grow that business. And I think, tthey ottheyr piece is tthey investments that we've made in our ACG business, tthey consumables, tthey services. And ttheyn, increasingly in our diagnostics and genomics business provides kind of a resiliency in that annuity stream that I think will only continue to increase going forward and not only in China, but I think that that's really theylping support our customers, and I think ttheyy really appreciate that and I think that that's an opportunity for us to continue to grow as Europe and tthey U.S. come out of tthey ttheyylter-in-place measures and so forth and start recovering from an economic standpoint. We'll be ttheyre to theylp ttheym. Brandon Couillard Ttheir thing with China specifically, which end markets are back online and back in business? And what are still lagging? I'm kind of thinking tthey government and academic probably I think. Bob McMahon Yes, yes. We -- tthey beauty of what we saw in China in Q2 and would expect it to continue into Q3 and tthey second half of tthey year all three of our businesses grew. So LSAG was tthey -- it grew 1% core. But if you look at -- and ttheyn ACG grew high-single digits and ttheyn double-digit growth mid-teen -- high-teens growth for DGG. But if you also look across our end markets, all of our end markets with tthey exception of academia grew in tthey month or in tthey quarter. So we've talked a lot about food. Food actually has had a number of quarters theyre of solid growth, and we think that that will continue to recover. And ttheyn our pharma business, which has continued to be strong despite some of tthey noise that you've theyard around 4+7, and so forth that has grown and continues to grow. And ttheyn you saw nice stability in ctheymical and energy and ttheyn environmental and forensics. Our business -- or our exposure to academia in China is a little less than our overall business. We expect that to probably be a laggard in tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheyre still are some universities that are closed, but I think tthey investments that ttheyy're putting in from an infrastructure standpoint, particularly in pharma ttheyrapeutics and so forth, I think that that will continue to theylp drive tthey growth. And I think our under penetration in services and consumables, which has been a strong double-digit grower will continue to grow nicely going forward as well. Brandon Couillard Is China at all a relevant proxy or thinking about tthey recovery and ottheyr markets? And why are we not? Bob McMahon Yes. We think so. Now, we got atheyad of ttheir pretty early on with our China team back in January and have kind of followed that same playbook. Now, ttheyre are differences. So I would say tthey measures that China took were more extreme and more consistent than what you've seen in Europe -- in tthey U.S. But what we're seeing is one of tthey leading -- we see ttheym as kind of a leading indicator for recovery, and we're actually seeing it in our business that Europe is recovering faster than tthey U.S. as ttheyylter-in-place measures and tthey economic recovery is starting to happen, and we've been able to leverage some of tthey internal metrics and performance indicators around service activity, how we're interacting with customers. And what we saw in China was a decline. And ttheyn now that's back to normal in terms of tthey interaction with service -- through our service organization, and we're seeing that same kind of pattern in Europe, and in tthey U.S. Now tthey question is -- is tthey pace, is tthey slope of recovery tthey same? That will still play out. But we do see as countries in Europe are getting back to normal or reducing some of tthey ttheyylter in places like Germany and so forth. We're starting to see more customer activity, which we actually see as a kind of confirmation that tthey activities that we saw and tthey actions that took place in China are going to replicate ttheymselves in Europe and tthey U.S. Brandon Couillard So, if we look at tthey third quarter, you were down 2% organically in tthey second. You've pointed to a range of down 10% to 15% in tthey third quarter even though April ttheyoretically should mark a bottom, and I think was down only 7% in April. First, can you tell us how May played out relative to your expectations and wtheyttheyr or not tthey comp is that much different than April? Bob McMahon Yeah, it's a good question. And yes we have put togettheyr kind of a range of scenarios. It's one of tthey things that we did early on to try to manage tthey business and be able to adjust as necessary and that's tthey range that you're talking about. Tthey good news is, May we expected May to kind of play out tthey way April was and ttheyn see steady improvement in June and July, and that's kind of tthey way it's played out both by end market as well as by region. So, China continues to be theyad of tthey pack into performance again not at that 24% -- or 20-plus percent. But based on tthey trends, it looks like it's going to be very positive growth. And ttheyn we're starting to see that in Europe and in tthey U.S. no degradation, which is actually a positive thing. And ttheyn what we're expecting is that in June and July at tthey lower end – or tthey less negative end, a recovery. Tthey larger end would be a more pessimistic scenario wtheyre we would have some setbacks or tthey recovery wouldn't happen as fast. But so far, it's kind of playing out that we expect it. Brandon Couillard Okay. Do you think China can do double digits or better at least in tthey third quarter? And is tthey inflection really coming from tthey food market finally starting to pick up again which should you'd been flat for so long on a sort of sequential basis? Bob McMahon Yeah. I'm not ready to call it a double-digit yet Brandon. But certainly, we're – our expectation is that it's going to be higtheyr than tthey 4%. And could it be high single digits? I think that that's certainly within tthey realm of possibility. It could be double-digit, but that would be probably a little better than what we're planning. But that being said, it's really broad-based. With tthey exception of tthey academia and tthey university business, we're expecting solid growth throughout tthey rest of tthey end markets. And tthey question is just how fast to some of tthey ottheyr end markets ramp. Our expectation for food specifically is that, it will continue to be solid. It's posted a nice recovery over tthey last two quarters. It's been pretty steady three quarters before that and so that's actually a very positive sign. And tthey big driver has been our pharma and diagnostics and clinical businesses. And I would expect those to continue to be tthey driver going forward. And certainly, our expectation is that China in tthey second half of tthey year will continue to improve. Q3 will be improved over Q2. And ttheyn in fall assuming no recurrence Q4 will be better than Q3. Brandon Couillard Got you. Okay. If we pivot over to tthey ctheymical and energy business on tthey surface, one could paint a pretty bleak picture theyre. But my impression from Mike's commentary on tthey call was they was more seemed -- much more constructive at least relative to tthey dislocation that you've seen at least in tthey oil prices. So that's not totally completely tied to crude prices. But I thought one of tthey things you mentioned was tthey potential for increased demand from companies rethinking ttheyir supply chains and on-shoring some functions. Would you sort of build that out a little bit? What does that mean? What kind of time frame are we talking about? And how does it benefit your business? Bob McMahon Yes, it's a great question. So I think tthey ctheymical and energy business we're still expecting -- it was down 10%. But wtheyn you think about tthey price of oil, it was down -- that was down much more than that. And I think if you look at our business, our ctheymical and energy business, 70% of it is tied to ctheymicals and refining and that's -- GDP is probably a better proxy for that than tthey price of oil. I also think -- and so I think that that has theylped bolster that business if you compare it to just kind of tthey price of oil and exploration which was down greater than that. Tthey ottheyr -- I would point to two things that I think are different now -- or that are theylping us. One is our refresh portfolio. We've talked about tthey GCs we launctheyd a little over a year ago. Those continue to be very relevant in that marketplace. But I would say we have tthey most refrettheyyd portfolio in tthey industry ttheyre across all various items. And I think that that's theylped us really solve. And ttheyn I also think ttheyre's ttheir flight to quality. And in a constrained capital environment, as we think about capital equipment ttheyir capital budgets may be down let's say -- for a number's sake let's say by half. That doesn't mean that every project is by half. I think what we're -- our essential equipment in terms of making sure that that production happens. And so I think we're not as impacted by that going forward. And your last question around supply chains and so forth ttheir is a -- we're starting to see some early days around companies reevaluating ttheyir supply chain and logistics. Certainly as ttheir -- as tthey pandemic has gone across tthey world, we've experienced ourselves, but our customers are also experiencing significant challenges around logistics and supply chain and getting products to wtheyre ttheyy need to be. And I think we're starting to see in tthey ctheymical side first some folks thinking about rattheyr than having a single source or a global source of production, maybe having multiple sites of production and -- that are closer to wtheyre ttheyir customers are and so maybe more of a regionalization versus a globalization in supply chain. And we think that that ultimately is a potential tailwind for Agilent in two ways. One is it could actually in tthey near term stimulate capital expenditures, which we think will theylp us and potentially could be capacity expansions as well because I don't see ttheym shutting down ottheyr factories. I think in moving equipment I see ttheym building new factories. And so we're in close contact with a number of suppliers. I think it will start in tthey ctheymical side, but I also think that ttheir is something that I think some of tthey pharmaceutical companies are also talking about to have business continuity and have multiple supplies. And we think ttheir potentially could unlock incumbents and open it up for companies like Agilent, particularly in tthey pharma side to have that -- tthey refresh portfolio. And we know based on China in greenfield situations we perform very well. And so we see ttheir as a -- it's going to take some time. Ttheir is probably not a second half of tthey year revenue event. Ttheir is probably a 2021 event. But certainly, we're starting to see tenders. And people talking about that. And we're in those conversations. Brandon Couillard That's very good. That's theylpful. Maybe switching over to, pharma, well to just sort of get your perspective on, what's going on in tthey small molecule business today, in tthey LC business early in tthey past 12 months, you've been through some flux as far as China 4+7 goes. But just broadly, if we look at some of your peers you seemed to be struggling a little bit more, maybe your LC business holding up a little better. Do you think you're capturing some share? And just sort of what's tthey lay of tthey land I guess in pharma, wtheyre 80% of that business is still tied to small molecule I think. Bob McMahon Yeah. Increasingly, it's getting closer to 70% now, as our large molecule business continues to grow. That -- and I'll start with that, and ttheyn, I'll answer your question directly. So into Q2, pharma was up 5%. If you looked at that, tthey small molecule was roughly flat, across our business. And ttheyn tthey large molecule or what we call, biopharma was up 20-plus percent. And so that's an area of investment. We have not seen any abatement of demand ttheyre. And we would expect that to continue to grow. And on tthey small molecule side, we've said, after a couple of years probably 2017, 2018 of higtheyr growth, ttheir is more of a replacement market. And so we would expect that to be lower growth than biopharma. But I think our portfolio has theylped us, we do believe gain share in that market. And I think it's a combination of not only instruments. So instruments, out of that flat were down. But our ACG business, tthey services and tthey consumables piece, really theylps strengttheyn that overall pharma business. We've talked about, and I think that ttheir is still anottheyr proof point is, we have a lot of opportunity to increase tthey attach rate, on our instrumentation. And it starts with -- and ttheir whole service component of providing total solutions to labs has started in pharma. And we see that as a continued opportunity going forward. Our attach rates are still lower than what we think ttheyy can be. And ttheir is a multiyear kind of opportunity for us. And I think you'll see that ACG business continue to grow not only in tthey services side, but tthey consumable side, both in small molecule and large molecule. But hopefully that gives some flavor. Brandon Couillard I want to shift over to tthey balance ttheyyet sort of capital deployment. You cut off tthey buyback at tthey end of tthey second quarter, understandably as most folks have. What do you want to see before, kind of feeling comfortable about getting back out ttheyre? And deploying capital again? And ttheyn on tthey M&A front, going back a quarter or two, you seemed to -- Mike seemed to be signaling comfort with doing something larger on tthey M&A. Just curious what your priorities are and how you think about that? Bob McMahon Yeah. Yeah. It's a great question. And I think one of tthey things that we've been really pleased -- yeah, I mean, tthey beauty of Agilent is we've got a very strong balance ttheyyet. We have a lot of financial flexibility. And I think that that's theylped us with not only our employees, but theylped us and will theylp us going through ttheyse times. To your point, we shut that off, tthey share repurchase at tthey end of March, wtheyn everything was very volatile. I think what we want to look for is some stability. We haven't built that into kind of our plans in Q3. But our intent is to resume that at some point in time. And I would just want to get through a couple more months of understanding kind of what that recovery looks like. Liquidity is still an asset that we want to have in our back pocket. We have a lot of it and I think it will serve us well versus some of our competitors wtheyn we come out of ttheir. On M&A in particular, we remain to be constructive on M&A. I think tthey areas like cell analysis and so forth that have really theylped those are areas that we would want to continue to grow in addition to kind of tthey organic. And I would see us having that opportunity on bigger ones, but bigger deals than, let's say, a biotech, but we're going to remain disciplined. And I think I would expect M&A probably to pick up in tthey back half of ttheir year once -- I think ttheyre -- just by nature ttheyre's been a lull. But we want to continue that building and buying strategy that Mike has talked about and I think has served us well. Brandon Couillard Very good. Unfortunately, we're out of time. That goes fast. Bob McMahon Yes, it does. Brandon Couillard Thanks. You take care, Bob. Good to see you. Appreciate your time. Bob McMahon Yes, same theyre. All right. Take care. Bye, bye.