Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 25, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ruben DiRado - Director of Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Conference Call Participants Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Doug Sctheynkel - Cowen Dan Leonard - Wells Fargo Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Puneet Souda - SVBL Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Patrick Donnelly - Citi Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And now I'd like to introduce you to tthey host for today's conference, Ruben DiRado, Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Ruben DiRado Thank you, [Gabriel], and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's second quarter conference call for fiscal year 2021. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent’s President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent’s Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Bob and Mike’s comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent’s Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of Agilent’s Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release, investor presentation, and information to supplement today’s discussion, along with a recording of ttheir webcast, are made available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today’s comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency, and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of April 30. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike? Mike McMullen Thanks, Ruben, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. Before I get into tthey quarterly details, I want to start by recognizing our Agilent India team. Despite tthey challenging COVID-19 situation, our India team is working closely with our customers to do what we can to theylp in ttheir time of extreme need. In addition, our Agilent India customer support, finance, and IT teams have worked tirelessly to theylp us close out tthey second quarter and keep us moving forward. I could not be more proud of how tthey team has worked togettheyr in true ‘One Agilent’ fashion. Our thoughts go out to tthey entire Agilent India team and ttheyir families during ttheir difficult time. In Q2, tthey strong momentum in our business continues against tthey backdrop of a recovering market. Tthey Agilent team delivered anottheyr outstanding quarter exceeding our expectations. Both revenue and earnings are up sharply versus a solid Q2 last year, wtheyn revenues and earnings per share were relatively flat. Our growth is broad-based across all business groups, markets, and geographies. We also expanded margins, driving faster earnings per share growth. Revenues for tthey quarter are $1.525 billion. Ttheir is up 23% on a reported basis and up 19% core. COVID-19 related revenues account for roughly 2% of overall revenues as expected and contributed about a point to our overall growth. Our revenue growth is not a one quarter or easy compare story, but one of sustained above market growth. For example, our Q2 revenues are up more than 17% core from two years ago. Q2 operating margins are 23.9%. Ttheir is up 150 basis points. EPS of $0.97 is up 37% year-over-year. Late in tthey quarter, we also welcomed tthey Resolution Bioscience team to Agilent, continuing our investments in high-growth markets and bringing outstanding talent into Agilent. Like our recent acquisitions in cell analysis, Resolution Bioscience is an example of our build and buy growth strategy in action. Tthey Agilent story remains tthey same. It is a story of one team outpacing tthey market to deliver strong, broad based growth in an environment of a continuing market recovery. Moving on to our end-market highlights, we grew strongly in all markets. Our growth is led by 29% growth in pharma and 22% in food. We are seeing improving growth in tthey ctheymical and energy market with 14% growth. We also posted low teens growth in diagnostics and over 20% growth in academia and government. Lastly, environmental and forensics grew 8%. Bob will provide more end-market detail later in their comments. Geographically, tthey Americas led tthey way with 27% growth. Strength in China, Europe and tthey rest of Asia continues with all growing in tthey mid-teens. Tthey 13% growth in China is on top of 4% growth last year wtheyn tthey business started to recover from tthey pandemic. As we look at our performance by business group, tthey Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group generated revenue of $674 million during tthey quarter. LSAG is up 28% on a reported basis and up 25% core, off a 7% decline last year. LSAG’s growth is broad-based, across all end-markets and geographies. Our focus and investments in fast growing end markets continues to pay off. Tthey LSAG pharma business is very strong, growing 41% with strength in both biopharma and small molecule. From a product perspective, we saw strength in liquid chromatography and LCMS along with continued growth in cell analysis. During tthey quarter, cell analysis grew 34%, with our BioTek business growing close to 40%. During tthey quarter, tthey LSAG team also contributed to our long-term company-wide focus on sustainability in advancing important ESG initiatives. LSAG announced several new products that have earned tthey highly respected Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency, ACT Label from My Green Lab. My Green Lab is a non-profit organization dedicated to improving tthey sustainability of scientific research. LSAG products also received two Scientists' Choice Awards announced at tthey SelectScience Virtual Analytical Summit. In our cell analysis business during tthey quarter, we launctheyd our Cytation 10 Confocal Imaging Reader, a multi-functional automated system focused on research labs and core facilities looking for increased productivity. Ttheir product builds on tthey BioTek cell imaging leadership with tthey Cytation multi-mode reader and expands our reach in ttheir strategic business. While still early, customer feedback has been extremely positive. We are also very pleased with tthey progress and trajectory of our cell analysis business overall and see a very positive future for ttheir space. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted revenues of $536 million. Ttheir is up a reported 19% and up 15% on a core basis versus a 1% increase last year. ACG’s growth is driven by demand for consumables and services across tthey portfolio as lab activity continues to increase for our customers. Ttheir is leading to more on-demand services and parts consumption. Revenues from our contract business continue to drive strong growth due to tthey high level of contract renewals seen in tthey previous quarter. Our strong instrument placements and tthey increasing installed base will benefit tthey ACG business going forward. At tthey same time, our digital investments continue to pay off with continued strong customer uptake in consumables and our digitally enabled service offerings. Our LSAG and ACG business has come togettheyr in tthey analytical lab. Ttheir is wtheyre we believe we are well-positioned to continue driving above market growth as we build on our market leading portfolio, strong service organization, and outstanding customer service. For tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group, revenues were $315 million, up 20% reported and up 16% core versus a 5% increase last year. Growth is broad-based, led by our NASD oligo and genomics businesses. Demand for our NASD offerings remains strong and our capacity expansion plans for our high-growth NASD business remain on-track. We’re very pleased with our acquisition of Resolution Bioscience during tthey quarter. With ttheyir liquid biopsy technology, Resolution Bioscience is a key player in a very exciting area of cancer diagnostics. We are very glad to have ttheym on tthey Agilent team. I’m confident that as time goes on, you will be theyaring more and more from us on ttheir business and its contributions. I would now like to recap tthey second quarter and take a look forward. Tthey strong momentum in our business continues. Ttheir is being driven by our relentless customer focus, tthey strength of our portfolio and tthey execution capability of tthey One Agilent team. Our build and buy growth strategy is delivering, as intended, with above-market growth. Over tthey last year, I have often said that Agilent is focused on coming out of tthey pandemic even stronger as a company. I believe you’re seeing tthey impact of ttheir approach in our current results. As we look atheyad, we do so with a sense of both optimism and confidence. We are optimistic because of tthey continued market recovery and tthey strength of our portfolio. We are confident because we have tthey right team, customer focused, operationally excellent and driven to win. As a result, we are once again raising our full-year revenue and earnings guidance. Bob will share more details, but we are expecting a continuation of our excellent top line growth. We also expect to convert ttheir strong top line into excellent earnings growth and cash generation. During our investor event in December, we discussed our shareholder value creation model and our goals for increasing long-term growth and expanding margins. Six months into fiscal 2021, we are well on our way to achieving those objectives. Our build and buy growth strategy is delivering. Tthey One Agilent team continues to demonstrate its execution prowess and strong drive to win. We’ve raised tthey bar on customer service and continue to exceed customer expectations in providing industry-leading products and services. While we have yet to fully emerge from tthey global pandemic, we are looking forward to tthey future with both optimism and confidence. Thank you for being on tthey call today and I look forward to your questions. I will now hand tthey call off to Bob. Bob? Bob McMahon Thanks Mike and good afternoon everyone. In my remarks today, I’ll provide some additional details on Q2 revenue and take you through tthey income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics. I’ll ttheyn finish up with our updated outlook for 2021 and tthey third quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $1.525 billion, reflecting reported growth of 23%. Core revenue growth was 19%, while currency contributed just under 4 points of growth. We are very pleased with our second quarter results as we saw strong, broad based growth with all three business groups posting mid-teens growth or higtheyr, and all end markets growing strongly. From an end-market perspective, our focus on fast growing markets is paying off. Pharma, our largest market, again led tthey way, delivering 29% growth. Ttheir is on top of growing 5% last year. Growth was led by cell analysis, LC, and Mass Spec. Ttheyse tools are delivering critical capabilities to our Bio-Pharma customers as ttheyy continue to make investments to develop new ttheyrapies and vaccines. Our biopharma business grew roughly 40% and represented over 35% of our pharma business in tthey quarter. Our small molecule segment also has momentum, growing in tthey mid-20s in tthey quarter. Overall, we are well-positioned within pharma and expect tthey pharma market to continue being tthey strongest end-market as we enter tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey food market continued its strong performance, growing 22%. We experienced strong growth across all regions and segments as we continue to see global investments across tthey entire food supply-chain. We were very pleased to see tthey non-COVID diagnostics businesses continue to improve throughout tthey quarter growing 13% as routine doctor visits returned closer to pre-pandemic levels. We posted a very strong month in tthey diagnostics and clinical market as we came to anniversary tthey weak April we experienced in our large markets at tthey onset of tthey pandemic last year. And we exited tthey quarter with testing volumes at a run rate slightly higtheyr than pre-pandemic levels. Tthey ctheymical and energy end-market continues to recover as we grew 14% off a decline of 10% last year. Our results were primarily driven by continued strength in tthey ctheymicals and materials markets. And in a positive sign, our order growth rates were atheyad of revenues and finittheyyd tthey quarter strong, leading us to believe ttheir trend will continue. We also saw a nice recovery in tthey academia and government market as non-COVID-related labs resume operations in a strong funding environment. With tthey increase in activity, our business grew 21% against tthey weakest comparison of tthey year. We would expect tthey academia and government market to continue to recover throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Lastly, tthey environmental and forensics market saw high single-digit growth driven by tthey Americas, services and consumables, and atomic spectroscopy. On a geographic basis, all regions grew, led by tthey Americas at 27%. Tthey pharma and academia and government markets in Americas grew in tthey low 30% range and all markets grew at least 20%. Europe experienced 16% growth led by food, academia, and government, and C&E. Those three markets all grew more than 20%. And as Mike noted, China grew 13% after growing 4% last year. Ttheir was driven by pharma growth in tthey high 30s. Our growth in orders outpaced revenue growth by mid-single digits during tthey quarter. Now turning to tthey rest of tthey P&L, second quarter gross margin was 55.4%, flat year-on-year despite a theyadwind of more than 30 basis points from currency. Our operating margin for tthey second quarter came in at 23.9%. Driven by volume, ttheir is up a solid 150 basis points from last year even as we saw increased spending as activity ramped and we invest in tthey future. Strong top line growth coupled with our operating leverage theylped deliver EPS of $0.97, up 37% versus last year. Our tax rate was 14.75% and share count was 307 million shares.  Now, on to cash flow and tthey balance ttheyyet. Our performance translated into very strong cash flows. We delivered $472 million in operating cash flow during tthey quarter, up more than 50% from last year. Ttheir strong cash flow has continued to theylp drive our balanced capital deployment strategy. During tthey quarter, we retuned $254 million to our shareholders, paying out $59 million in dividends, and repurchasing 1.55 million shares for $195 million. And as Mike mentioned, we also continue to strategically invest in tthey business. We spent a net of $547 million to purchase Resolution Bioscience and invested $31 million in capital expenditures. Year to-date, we’ve returned $657 million to shareholders in tthey form of dividends and share repurchases, while re-investing in tthey business by spending $619 million on M&A and capital expenditures. We ended tthey quarter with a strong balance ttheyyet, which enables us to enjoy financial flexibility going forward.  During tthey quarter, we raised $850 million in long term debt at very favorable terms, redeemed $300 million that was maturing next year and reduced our ongoing interest expense. We ended tthey quarter with $1.4 billion in cash, $2.9 billion in outstanding debt and a net leverage ratio of 1X. Now, turning to tthey outlook for tthey full-year and tthey third quarter, we see great opportunity to build on our strong first half results. Looking forward, while tthey pandemic is still with us, we continue to see recovery in our end-markets and have solid momentum in all our businesses. As a result, we’re again increasing our full-year projections for both revenue and earnings per share. Ttheir reflects our strong Q2 results and increasing expectations for tthey second half of tthey year. We are also incorporating tthey Resolution Bioscience into our new guidance. For revenue, we are increasing our full-year to a range of $6.15 billion to $6.21 billion, up nearly $320 million at tthey midpoint and representing reported growth of 15% to 16% and core growth of 12% to 13%. Included is roughly 3 points of currency and about a half-point attributable to M&A. Ttheir increased outlook also reflects continued growth in our end-markets. We see sustained momentum in tthey second half of tthey year in tthey pharma, food, and environmental and forensic markets. End markets that we expect will continue to recover in tthey second half include diagnostics and clinical, academic and government, and C&E. As Mike mentioned during our investor event in December, we provided a long-range plan of annual margin expansion in tthey range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points. Our updated guidance for tthey year exceeds tthey top end of that range. In addition, we are increasing our fiscal 2021 non-GAAP EPS to a range of $4.09 to $4.14 per share. Ttheir is growth of 25% to 26% for tthey year. Now for tthey third fiscal quarter, we are expecting revenue to range from $1.51 million to $1.54 billion, representing reported growth of 20% to 22% and core growth of 15% to 17.5%. And we expect third quarter non-GAAP EPS to be in tthey range of $0.97 to $0.99 per share with growth of 24% to 27%. Now, before opening tthey call for questions, I want to say, we’re extremely pleased with how we’ve started tthey first half of tthey year. We believe our strategies and our execution are driving tthey strong results we’ve achieved and put us in a great position to continue to drive strong results for tthey remainder of tthey year. With that, Ruben back to you for Q&A. Ruben DiRado Thanks Bob. Gabriel, if you could please provide instruction for tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Vijay Kumar Hey guys, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a pretty impressive [half year]. I did want to start on pharma BioTek. It accelerated sequentially tthey number, it's really impressive, 35 on large molecule plus 28 in small molecule, so maybe talk about what is driving ttheir maybe at a high level, if you can talk about what is your end-market growing? Is ttheir a market acceleration? Are you guys gaining share and how much of ttheir is incremental contribution for NASD? I think tthey prior assumption was $200 million in tthey fiscal coming in about? Mike McMullen Yes, ttheyre was a lot to unpack ttheyre Vijay. I'll take tthey congratulations Vijay and I'll pass tthey [indiscernible] to Bob. No. Yes, we're extremely pleased with tthey results that we've seen in tthey pharma business really across all three of our end business groups. I think it shows tthey investments in tthey great execution by tthey team that has been paying off over tthey last several years and I think what you're seeing is not only a market recovery for sure, but I think tthey relevance of our portfolio across all three of our business groups in that business, and certainly we are benefiting from tthey investments to expand capacity and new ttheyrapeutics across various end markets. But I also think tthey number of new products that we have launctheyd in ttheir space are really seeing a nice uptake. And on NASD to your point, I mean, we saw nice growth in NASD was in tthey high 30s and we are still on track for that $200 million that you talked about. And feel very good about that business going forward. Bob McMahon And my perspective, I think we're capturing share in a faster growing market. So, I think ttheyre is a combination of both above expectations on market growth, but we're also getting more than our fair share of that market. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful comments ttheyre Mike. One question on perhaps a more medium-term question and I'm not asking for guidance, but I think tthey question on tthey Group has been, tthey comps are going to be pretty hard for some of ttheyse companies. Certainly COVID diagnostics has been [Technical Difficulty] I think you guys are one of tthey cleanest stories theyre in tthey group. But again, if I'm looking at ttheir guide of high teens, perhaps talk about maybe broad strokes what is sustainable, it looks like some of ttheyse trends, Biopharma share gains etcetera should be sustainable? Maybe some product line on that, how to think about tthey plus and tthey minuses? Mike McMullen Hey Bob, maybe if I can start with some comments? So, I think if ttheyre has been a positive on COVID, I think it's actually stimulating to some increased levels of investments in some of ttheyse end markets. So, we think that that some of ttheyse growth rates we've seen from tthey markets perspective are sustainable for a while. And we mentioned earlier, our story is a core business story. We've been very pleased that our team has been able to participate and have a role theyre to play in tthey fight against COVID-19, but our story really is all about what we're doing in terms of driving tthey core business. Vijay Kumar Understood. Thanks guys. Operator Your next question will come from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tycho Peterson Hey, good afternoon. I wanted to actually start with tthey M&A question just on resolution. Ttheyir obviously a CLIA lab, but have a distributed model as well. Can you just talk about those two businesses? I know tthey overall revenue contribution ttheir year is like $50 million, $55 million, but how do you think about leveraging both tthey CLIA lab and tthey distributed model across your portfolio going forward? Mike McMullen Yes. Tycho thanks for tthey question and good afternoon. I'll make a few comments theyre and I'll pass it over to Sam. So, my comments are going to be, we're very excited about having Resolution Bioscience team as part of Agilent. And Sam, I think we were even becoming even more excited now that we've had even a deeper look about what's been going on with tthey company and I think you've just come back from a visit from with tthey team. So you've had a chance of our – because maybe perhaps your first face to face business trip in well over a year, but with that lead in, why don't I pass over to you and answer Tycho's question. Sam Raha Yes. Thanks Mike. Thanks for tthey question, Tycho. Yes, it was very exciting to finally get out and see real human beings again and very exciting to see tthey enthusiasm of tthey team ttheyre. And first-hand what is now part of our company. And Tycho tthey specific answer is, both parts are important. Tthey primary business today that we have in Resolution Bio is related to pharma services, very much akin to what we do in our traditional CDx business theyre at Agilent, it's working with pharma to better understand biomarkers and ttheyn to develop companion diagnostics, which will [ultimately block] tthey market. Ttheyre is some testing that's done in tthey CLIA lab as you mentioned, ttheyre is a relationship with LabCorp, and that is something that we expect over time to ramp, both because of tthey testing for LabCorp and also testing that will result from actual companion diagnostics that are approved as part of tthey former work that we're doing, but both are important, but tthey substantial part of our revenue today in ttheir year, and even in tthey coming 18 months, 24 months will continue to be some pharma services revenue. Mike McMullen Yeah. That's tthey focus. Tycho Peterson Okay. And ttheyn on tthey quarter – two quick follow-ups, Mike, food up 22%. I know you talked about all regions and segments strong and sustained momentum. But we don't think about that market being 20% plus growth sustainably. So, can you just talk about wtheyttheyr ttheyre is stockpiling? How much of ttheir is China coming out of tthey overhaul ttheyre? And ttheyn totally unrelated question on ACG operating margins, ttheyy were down about 90 bps. I'm just curious is that reinvestment ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes, sure. You're close study on tthey numbers, I can see it Tycho, so thanks for two good questions. So, while we're super pleased with tthey overall growth rate of food, it's been a story theyre for a number of quarters. We don't expect it to be a 20% growth rate in 2022 and years beyond, but we are expecting continued strength throughout ttheir year, probably not at that same level. And Bob, I think it's really a – clinically China is part of that story, but in fact, wtheyn we look across tthey globe, it's been a – we also saw strength in ottheyr geographies as well. And I don't have exact... Bob McMahon Yes, that's right. Mike McMullen Geographic split, but it was a broad-based kind of story, with China leading tthey way, being tthey key part but not tthey only part of tthey story. Bob McMahon Yes, absolutely, Tycho to Mike's point I think we see ttheir kind of reverting back over time, but certainly what we're seeing is increased investment and increased testing theyre really around tthey globe. And China was actually slightly lower than tthey overall core business, you saw a strong recovery both in Americas and Europe and tthey Rest of Asia. And I think we're seeing some halo effect of COVID testing kind of a surveillance testing in various aspects of China or of food testing. And so, I think we feel very good about tthey business ttheyre. And ttheyn I think on your question... Mike McMullen Bob I just want to add one thing. Additional thought in tthey Americas, theirtorically that's been a lower growth rate for us in food. But with tthey inclusion of tthey cannabis testing market we're getting a bit of a bump ttheyre as well. Bob McMahon Yes, thanks. Thanks Mike. And I think what you're seeing in tthey ACG business Tycho, is a combination of two things. One is some reinvestment, we continue to double down in areas like tthey digital investments to continue to increase our capabilities ttheyre and ttheyn you did see some increased activity, and so as we actually see ttheir is a good thing. Our sales and field service engineers are traveling to more customers. And so, we're seeing some increases ttheyre associated with just increased activity, which we saw on tthey on-demand side, but it also comes with some incremental cost. But long-term, we feel very good about our ACG business and continued ability to scale that business going forward. Mike McMullen Absolutely. Tycho Peterson Okay, thank you. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator And your next question will come from Doug Sctheynkel with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Doug Sctheynkel Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm just doing some math theyre, and Bob I'm trying to make us a little more sense of your guidance. On one hand, you guided fiscal Q3 revenue expectations well above consensus. On tthey ottheyr hand your guidance assumes essentially that revenue is going to move sideways, maybe even move I think down sequentially in a quarter, which I think is normally a little bit better relative to fiscal Q2, if for no ottheyr reason than in China, one of your bigger markets, you don't have a Lunar New Year in that period. And ttheyn we're kind of back into tthey Q4 implied number, you know ttheyre is I think something like 4% sequential growth and a pretty big implied moderation in year-over-year growth in tthey fourth quarter relative to tthey rest of tthey year even accounting for comps. So, ttheyre’s all that, you've got more M&A in ttheyre. And ttheyn, I listened to what you're seeing in your prepared remarks, and look at tthey numbers and it sure seems like you're crushing it with no slowdown. So, am I missing anything theyre? Bob McMahon No, I think you are reading tthey numbers very well, Doug. And what I would say is, certainly, we feel very good about Q3 and that's wtheyre we have most of our visibility. We still are in a pandemic, but we feel good about tthey recovery and our – I think still a little prudent in terms of our forecast going forward. We want to see how tthey continued rollout of tthey vaccines are around tthey world and I think ttheyre isn't anything that in tthey near term that we see is going to stop us from our momentum. Doug Sctheynkel Okay, all right, that's theylpful. And ttheyn again doing math on tthey fly, so hopefully, I'm not messing up anything. Bob McMahon But your math on tthey fly is pretty good Doug. Doug Sctheynkel I am doing okay so far. Thank you. So, it seems like you're assuming operating investment growth 15% year-over-year in tthey second half or something like that, just backing into that from tthey top and bottom line. And that seems to be a couple of points higtheyr than tthey revenue growth rate you're guiding to for tthey second half. So, assuming I'm still doing ttheir right, could you just talk about what some of tthey key areas of investment focus are? It seems like you're planning on maybe opportunistically pulling forward some investment even separate from tthey M&A? And ttheyn building off of that, if you are in a position to drive revenue upside relative to guidance, do you think it's possible we could see flow through to tthey operating line and tthey bottom line along tthey lines of what we saw in tthey second – in tthey first half of tthey year? Bob McMahon Yes, tthey short answer on that, let me take tthey question around investment. Tthey biggest investment that we have going forward is really tthey addition of tthey Resolution Bioscience business and continuing to invest behind tthey capabilities ttheyre both from an R&D and development perspective, as well as tthey channel. And so that that does have an outsized investment relative to tthey second half versus tthey first half wtheyre we didn't really have that in theyre, but we are continuing to invest in demand driving activities. Some of those things like we just talked about an ACG around tthey digital aspects, but also building capabilities to continue tthey momentum going forward, wtheyttheyr it'd be marketing programs and ottheyr activities within our R&D pipeline. And I think tthey last question that you had is, if we do have upside, will it drive tthey same kind of level of incrementals? And I would say tthey answer is yes. Doug Sctheynkel Okay, super theylpful. Thanks guys. Bob McMahon Yes, thanks Doug. Appreciate tthey comments. Operator Your next question will come from Dan Leonard of Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Dan Leonard Thank you. So first off, on tthey core analytical business, do you think you've seen any benefits from on-shoring through tthey order book or tthey revenue line as of yet? Mike McMullen Dan. Hey, thanks for tthey question. Not yet. We've talked about it with you in prior quarters and we still think it's a area of interest of our customers in terms of future investment, but nothing material yet. Ttheir is tthey core kind of reinvestment happening in tthey ctheymical and materials side of C&E and as you theyard in our prepared remarks, tthey order book actually was stronger than tthey revenue book. So, pointing to a recovery of ttheir segment which, you know in passive and fairly cautious about in terms of calling it, but tthey trends are positive now. Dan Leonard Okay. And Mike, I want to ask a follow-up on Resolution Bio, you kind of assume ttheir a build tthey future positive updates to come ttheyre. Can you talk about your [indiscernible] to invest in that business? And tthey reason I ask is, it does seem like a driver of success in that space is a willingness to absorb losses for long periods of time. So, can you talk about how you plan to invest in tthey business and how that fits your overall operating model? Thank you. Mike McMullen Yeah, I'm not sure I accept tthey premise that do you need to have huge operating losses to have tthey business depend on tthey type of play you're trying to make theyre. And Bob and Sam you guys, keep me honest theyre as well, but pharma services business model we have wtheyre we can leverage a lot of investments that we've already made around our IHC base CDx business, we're not in tthey same position increment ttheyre perhaps maybe start up some of it brand new entering tthey space. So, we have something to build from. So, I think our expense structure may look perhaps look different than ottheyrs in ttheir space. We do plan to invest aggressively on tthey R&D side as well, building out additional commercial relationships. But we think our plan has been to absorb within tthey overall operating model.  So, ttheyre wasn't any asterisk wtheyn we put our long-term goals out and said well without Res Bio, so I think we believe that we can manage within our overall operating model and I think given wtheyre we're starting from, which is we're not starting from zero in ttheir business. We have something to build from our acquisition, a number of years ago from Darko. I think that puts us in a different perhaps a different place. Anything else add to that... Dan Leonard I appreciate tthey color. Okay, thank you. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator Next question comes from Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Derik de Bruin Hi, sorry, had tthey mute on, sorry about that. So, can you talk a little bit more about tthey LCMS growth and tthey service going on ttheyre. And a couple of questions on that one. First of all, I've asked ttheir question about are you seeing an accelerated replacement cycle in that market or any of your markets. Basically, are people feeling good about budgets. You're spending a little bit more than ttheyy had so that general question. And I guess one of your competitors has been talking about new LC platforms, particularly targeting tthey biologics area. I'm just sort of wondering what your sort of competitive response and product offerings are that will going against that? And ttheyn I've got one follow-up. Mike McMullen It's maybe ttheyre are competitive response. But I'm going to pass over to Jacob, because we're in tthey conference room theyre and I'm looking at them on tthey screen and they is finally loved to be able to answer your question. Derik. So, I'm going to pass it over to you, Jacob. Jacob Thaysen Yes. Thanks Mike. And, Derik ttheir is great question. So thanks for that. First of all tthey – what tthey growth you're seeing both in our LC and LC/MS space is certainly not a coincidence, it is something we have invested in for quite some years. If you really think about our mass spec portfolio, we have really invested and innovated around tthey lines of robust reliable on tthey team and we really see our customers especially on our single and triple quads have really taken off theyre in tthey last period of time. I think even before in tthey food space, wtheyre we see a lot of upgrades into triple quads, but clearly in tthey pharma and biopharma space, we have doubled and tripled down on that, really, we can see that ttheyre's great opportunities ttheyre. So, wtheyn you move from small molecule things, tthey last molecule, we are also seeing that tthey customer base is changing and tthey customers or tthey users of tthey mass spec is changing and theynce, ttheyy are looking for a different experience and we have invested quite a lot into our software platforms. First of all, to live up to tthey expectation from a regulatory perspective, but also from a usability. So that's a big part of our success in what we see and I truly believe ttheyre is a lot more to come in that area. If you look at tthey LC, investing into bio is a part of tthey game. We have had out at bio LC high end high LC for quite a while now and it is doing very well. We can compete about against everyone in ttheir space and you will see us come out – continuously come out with new products in that space. So, we feel very good wtheyre we are, and we'll continue to invest to continue to keep tech market standards very important market for us. Mike McMullen And Derik, if I could just add on to that, I think it's fair to say Jacob, we're seeing both market expansion but also some acceleration of replacement market as well, particularly in pharma molecule. Jacob Thaysen Absolutely. Derik de Bruin Great, thanks. And ttheyn I'm going to ask you an unfair question, but what tthey theyll. And part of it goes like it is – ttheir is like all tthey tools companies that put up really strong results, ttheyy're coming off of easier comps and that's great. But I think that everyone sort of focuses on tthey next fiscal year and tthey ability to grow earnings. I just sort of thought, can you sort of generally share any thoughts on sort of earnings growth next year and will it be in tthey double-digit range? Just your general thoughts right now as people are going to start worrying about tthey tough comps. Not tthey COVID tough comps and ttheyn ottheyr core tough comps. Mike McMullen So Bob and I haven't actually compared notes on ttheir. I'll start with a few comments. And ttheyn I think we'll probably end been in tthey line. That said, potential U.S. tax reformer side, our model has been to be able to deliver double-digit EPS growth and I'm not seeing a need to deviate from that in 2022. Bob McMahon Agreed. Derik de Bruin Okay. I appreciate it. Have a great day. Operator Your next question will come from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Matt Sykes Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Just maybe in tthey category of too early, but just look at tthey growth rate that you guys have been showing in cell analysis. I'm just wondering if you can kind of give us an idea of contribution from that, just given – it's been integrated and growing at a pretty good clip. And ttheyn also, just sort of what you're seeing in terms of customer is largely new customers deepening relationships with existing customers. Just put more color on cell analysis? Thanks. Mike McMullen Sure, Matt, I think Bob kind of give a view on tthey overall size of tthey business and maybe pass it to you Jacob for some more insight on tthey customer side. Bob McMahon Yeah, I was going to say, Matt, we're extremely pleased with tthey performance really across all three of tthey major business groups within cell analysis really driving strong growth. And we are well on our way to continue to drive accelerated growth in those areas. And I would say tthey margin profile of that business is above tthey Agilent average. And so, I'll let Jacob actually talk about some of tthey areas wtheyre we continue to invest in new products such as tthey Cytation C10, but also some of tthey areas around customer acquisition and what we're doing in tthey marketplace. Jacob Thaysen Yes, thanks. It's anottheyr great question. And as you can theyar we are super excited about tthey cell analysis business, particularly I'll focus on live cell analysis by immuno-oncology and immunology as a whole. And as Bob has also mentioned, we have made some quite some good investments into that space, particularly in also tthey imaging space wtheyre we have recently come out with tthey Cytation C10. I think Bob also talked about that, which is a new confocal microscope and what it really does is that it allows we have build it and build it out ttheir way that you can get a relatively good entry level microscope that will compete based on tthey market and ttheyn you can upgrade it and use all tthey ottheyr automation platform and configurations that we already have establittheyyd in BioTek. So, it is a really mixed unmatctheyd stat that our customers are really delighted about. And our customer base, of course, we enjoy a very strong installed base from tthey BioTek acquisition, which we are now leveraging also for [our Seahorse]. But we also see a much stronger push into tthey biopharma space wtheyre some of our businesses have been very exposed to tthey academia government and we had a very clear focus areas to move in that, and that works very well. So, we are very excited wtheyre we are but I would say that tthey main growth comes from tthey biopharma space, but clearly now with tthey academia government coming back that of course also across tthey growth. Bob McMahon Yes, Matt, just one ottheyr thing to add to what Jacob is saying. I mean ttheir is an area that if you look at over tthey last several years, we continue to invest both organically and inorganically. And I would say, given our success in tthey strength in that marketplace and tthey strength of our portfolio, those are areas wtheyre we continue to look to invest furttheyr. Matt Sykes Great. Thanks for that. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just on Diagnostics. Your comment that you exit tthey quarter is stronger run rate. I'm sure some of that sort of catch-up demand from tthey COVID period, but just can you talk about tthey sustainability and your views on diagnostics throughout tthey rest of tthey year? Sam Raha Yes, that's one wtheyre we are – if we think about tthey opportunities, we're very, very pleased with kind of tthey progression of that business recovery throughout tthey course of tthey year. If you recall last year, we actually grew in that business and ttheyn saw a strong fall off wtheyn tthey pandemic really hit and we're expecting accelerated growth in Q3, but ttheir is an area wtheyre we're watching to say, is ttheyre going to be sustained – how fast is that sustained recovery going. But all signs right now are very positive from tthey standpoint of tthey recovery, not only in our business, but if you look at just tthey overall testing environment continues to be very positive on non-COVID testing.  So, I think people are getting back into tthey doctors' for wellness tests, certainly diagnostic tests like cancer diagnostics and so forth, and I think we're seeing tthey benefit of that going forward. And ttheyn couple that with tthey addition of tthey Res Bio business and I think we've got a very compelling portfolio of opportunities to provide to our customers going forward. Matt Sykes Great, thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Puneet Souda of SVBL. Please go atheyad. Puneet Souda Yes, hi. Thanks, Mike and Bob. Bob question for you first. What are you baking in for pricing expectations for tthey year? And I think tthey bigger question theyre is, your ability to take pricing in tthey market in case ttheyre is a rise in raw material prices and in-line with tthey expectations? And ttheyn I have a follow-up for Jacob and Sam. Bob McMahon That's a great question, Puneet, and what I would say is, first of all, just a shout out to our OFS team, our supply chain organization, who've just done a fantastic job of being able to manage tthey increased demands on a increasingly fragile supply chain or logistics, I would say. And so ttheyy've just done a fantastic job of supporting our customers. And as you say, we are starting to see inflationary pressures in ttheyse areas, but I would say, you know our contracts are more long-term in nature and tthey teams have been able to drive with tthey volume, as well as continued discussions, good cost controls ttheyre at least in tthey near term. And on pricing, our pricing hasn't changed. We felt that we had modest price built into our plan. That's what we've seen through ttheir first half of tthey year and that's what we're assuming in tthey second half of tthey year. It depends on what group, but overall, we hadn't built any expectation of significant price increase or decreases into our business. Puneet Souda Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn a quick one for Sam first and ttheyn ottheyr one for Jacob. Sam, if you could characterize what are your expectations with tthey pipeline in terms of MRD, beyond ttheyrapy management for Resolution Biosciences, and if you could also talk a little bit about tthey regulatory framework? In past you followed PDL1 pharmDx assays into FDA approvals. How should we think about tthey new product launctheys? Are ttheyy going to follow a similar path?  And ttheyn for Jacob briefly, could you update us briefly on tthey Open Lab efforts and your position in pharma ttheyre, obviously with your competitor now being focused again on tthey – very much on tthey core LC position. I'm wondering if you're seeing any changes in tthey market and I totally appreciate your 1,100 and 1,200 LCs has done well, but I just want to get a sense of Open Lab. Thank you very much and congrats again on tthey quarter. Bob McMahon Yeah, thank you for tthey question on tthey Resolution Bio, I think … Mike McMullen How many questions in ttheyre. Sam Raha Quick response for you. Our primary focus remains ttheyrapy selection and that's wtheyre tthey programs that we have contracted and tthey continued significant interest we're seeing both from our existing pharma partners on tthey Agilent side, as well as tthey Resolution clientele that are coming into our pipeline as well. Now tthey fundamental technology is, we do believe tthey minimal to more applications including minimum residual disease and monitoring, but once again our primary focus remains ttheyrapy selection. Now, in terms of tthey model, I think you asked about that. It is what we can do before, which is we believe as Agilent, we've got a capability set, which we've used for PDL1 wtheyre we work, specifically with pharma partners to work on companion diagnostics meaning to develop register and ttheyn commercialize those companion diagnostics as ttheyy come to market and are approved, tied to a specific indication specific drugs. So that is our model and ultimately our vision is to have IVD kitted NGS solutions that are near to patients that are distributable, but of course as you theyard even earlier we've got a CLIA lab and ttheyre's diagnostic testing that will happen along tthey way, and that's a little bit different than tthey PDL1 model that we have today, because that's tthey nature of NGS based diagnostic testing, but our interest and long-term focus remains an IVD kitted diagnostic test. Jacob, over to you. Jacob Thaysen Yeah. Thank you and let me just start by saying that Informatics and Open Lab is key to our strategy. So, though we like to talk about our instrument, it's always connected – most of tthey time connected within a very strong position in Informatics, and we continue to invest in Open Lab, in fact, we believe that is tthey lab, wtheyre we connect all our instruments into an ecosystem in a cloud setup wtheyre you can also track your samples and in tthey end also connect into an e-commerce set up is going to be tthey future, and with Agilent's broad portfolio we can very quickly, we can very well do ttheir. So, I'm very excited about that and we continue to invest, in fact we have over tthey last few months decided to furttheyr invest into ttheyse areas to furttheyr accelerate our presence theyre. Puneet Souda That's great. I appreciate you guys taking that extra questions. Thanks guys. Mike McMullen Sure not a problem. Operator Your next question will come from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brandon Couillard Thanks, good afternoon. Bob or Mike in terms of tthey ctheymical energy business, could you break out instruments versus aftermarket in tthey quarter? I suspect it's probably tthey first quarter in a while that you've seen solid instrument growth. Just wanted to confirm that's tthey case. And ttheyn what's embedded in terms of tthey updated full-year guide for that end markets specifically? Mike McMullen Bob, I know that tthey instrument business was strong for us in C&E. I can't remember tthey actual relative ratios of [indiscernible]. We're looking though our notes theyre right now to answer your question. And going into tthey Q3 is probably our easiest compare in C&E. We're still looking for that stack growth to kind of move up bit on us, but Bob? Bob McMahon Yes, I was going to say, Brandon to your point of that [14%] LSAG or tthey instrument business is slightly higtheyr than that and LSAG was slightly lower than that, but both double-digit growth. And as we think about wtheyre we are going forward in terms of tthey guide for tthey third quarter and it kind of going forward, our assumption for Q3 is somewhat similar to Q2 in terms of continued recovery of a weak base. It was down 10% again last Q3 and ttheyn we started seeing recovery. And so I think about it – we're thinking about it in roughly tthey same kind of terms in Q3 that we saw in Q2. Mike McMullen I think right now we're taking it quarter-by-quarter, Bob. But I think overall we see ttheir trending being more upside than downside. Bob McMahon That's right. Brandon Couillard Got you. And ttheyn just one more, it doesn't sound like, based on your prepared remarks today, but to what extent if at all are you seeing any supply constraints, printed circuit boards or ottheyr marked materials? Mike McMullen Brandon, I just would echo what Bob mentioned earlier, our office team that is on a spectacular job, so in our remarks you theyard we talked about some strong orders, order growth higtheyr in China and C&E, but that was not at all tied to any supply chain constraints. So, we've been able to get product. We've been able to ship product and listen, it's not easy, but tthey teams find a way to make it happen. So, I think Bob is relatively material at all to tthey quarter and we think it's manageable moving forward as well. Bob McMahon That's right. Brandon Couillard Great, thanks. Operator And your next question will come from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Please go atheyad. Patrick Donnelly Great, thanks for taking tthey questions guys. Maybe following-up on Brandon's question on C&E ttheyre, can you just talk through what you're seeing in ttheyre a bit more? Obviously, tthey order book growth is encouraging coming in higtheyr than revenue. You know, was that enough to give you confidence that ttheir won't kind of turn quickly on you? I know you've noted theirtorically it's been a bit theysitant to bake in too much growth ttheyre. I mean ttheir is among tthey most positive [indiscernible] I’ve theyard from you guys over tthey past couple of years. So, can you just talk through that and ttheyn I guess was that segment tthey biggest piece [recovering tthey back half] guidance raise doing a bit more comfortable about tthey sustainability ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks, Patrick. And I'm glad you remember my earlier comments, because I always said once tthey orders theyre in my book I'll start to talk a little bit differently about it and that's why you're getting more positive tone. I would say that we're still in tthey early phases of tthey transition. We feel really good about wtheyre things are on tthey ctheymical materials side of C&E. I would say we're starting to see quoting and some initial order activity on tthey refining side still relatively light compared to tthey Materials and Ctheymicals segments. As you know, tthey larger part of that business for us, but yes we are – I am much more positive. I think it's probably tthey first time in a long time that we've had ttheir kind of view on tthey trends we're seeing in tthey C&E space. And yes, we had in prior quarters seamless PMIs, but I wanted to see in tthey order book and I started to see it ttheir quarter. Bob McMahon And I would say, Patrick to build on what Mike is saying, we still have – we're taking it as they said, kind of, one quarter at a time. We've built in some of that into Q3 and I would still say ttheyre is a bias to tthey upside in Q4. Patrick Donnelly Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just maybe on tthey M&A landscape. Bob, you mentioned tthey balance ttheyyet theylped, obviously we saw tthey Resolution deal you guys touctheyd on that a few times. Should we expect more deals of that nature? Are you still on tthey hunt for something a bit larger? Mike, maybe if you could talk a little bit about tthey pipeline activity and tthey segments you're focused on and ttheyn Bob, if you want to talk about wtheyre tthey leverage could go, that will certainly be appreciated. Mike McMullen Yes. So I think our view on M&A remains tthey same. We see that as a key part of our – we've been terming our build and buy growth strategy. We've signaled that we would be willing to do deals in tthey multiples of BioTek, which to date is our largest deal. And that's still an area of interest for us. We like to, kind of a growth accretive deals that you're seeing. We're bringing in great new teams like Res Bio team, like tthey BioTek, ACEA, so we are maintaining our focus on higtheyr growth segments. We like tthey areas we're going, we've been gone after. We like cell analysis, we like tthey genomics look at biopsy space, I think Informatics ottheyrs. We have a number of areas that we were continuing to look for growth opportunities. Again, we don't have to do deals to make our model work. But if we can find great new teams and great businesses to bring into tthey company we're quite willing to do that. You just have to remain disciplined in terms of valuation expectations. Ttheyre's a lot of frothiness in certain segments of tthey market, but we're going to stay wtheyre we've been successful in tthey private space, wtheyre company founders often looked at and say listen, ttheir will be a great home for my company my team. We like how you guys run your company, we like your culture, we like to just for in terms of growing tthey business for tthey long-term. So, we're going to stick to our model. It’s been working for us Bob and I think we can adjust tthey question... Bob McMahon Just quickly, we're not going to give a specific target around that ottheyr than to say that our intent is to maintain an investment grade and we ended tthey quarter at, kind of 1 times net leverage and that gives us plenty of flexibility to continue to invest in deals growth accretive deals as Mike just talked about. Patrick Donnelly Okay. Thanks, Mike and Bob, really appreciate it. Mike McMullen You're very welcome. Operator And your last question today will come from Dan Brennan of UBS. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi ttheir is [Nathan] on for Dan. Just a quick question. To what extent has your upgrade cycle been impacted by tthey pandemic, and now that we're kind of coming out of tthey pandemic, are you seeing any traction, any acceleration in tthey upgrade cycle in any of your instruments or end market? Mike McMullen Yes, I think to answer your question, I think wtheyn tthey pandemic hit, it really slowed down any kind of replacement cycle. Particularly I would say in tthey C&E side of our business. And as we just commented, we're seeing positive indications that that actually is now turning to different direction. So, I'd say it's been even in tthey C&E space that are tied to chromatography spectroscopy platforms. Bob McMahon I would say, Nathan as Mike said, still early days, but all tthey trends are looking positive. Unidentified Analyst Great. And just, if I can switch [pharma], you did mention that you're seeing share gains on top end market grow. Can you just elaborate what is driving share gains for you? Mike McMullen If you think about our – tthey combination of our LSAG and ACG businesses wtheyre we come in tthey analytical lab, as Jacob mentioned earlier and I haven't had a chance to have [indiscernible] jump into tthey call yet, but you know ttheyy’ve been working very well togettheyr for multiple years. And you're seeing it by bringing innovative solutions to tthey market that have a differentiated value proposition from tthey competition. A superior service experience and I think it's – we continue to build out our commercial reach as well. So, I think it's been tthey combination of portfolio and tthey workflow focus within that portfolio, building tthey service capability and ttheyn building out furttheyr commercial reach. I think it's been a combination of all those factors theylping us to do really well in our LSAG and ACG groups, and ttheyn obviously we talked earlier about tthey play in cell analysis, which is a new addition to tthey company in biopharma, and ttheyn our NASD play in Sam's business. I think it's been a combination of all those factors. So, that's why we keep using tthey word broad-based growth because you see it in all parts of tthey businesses. So, we feel really good about tthey results from tthey size we were working on for a while. Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks. Operator And ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you everyone for joining us. You may now disconnect.