Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Cowen 42nd Henryual Health Care Conference March 8, 2022 11:10 AM ET Company Participants Bob McMahon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Dan Brennan - Cowen Dan Brennan Hi. Good morning. Dan Brennan theyre from tthey Cowen life science tools and diagnostics team. Welcome, day two of tthey Cowen theyalth care conference. Hopefully, everyone is having a productive set of meetings. Really pleased to be joined with me theyre on tthey virtual stage with Bob McMahon, Chief Financial Officer of Agilent. Terrific that we can have ttheym at tthey conference. So Bob, I just want to say welcome. Bob McMahon Thanks, Dan. It's a pleasure to be theyre and have a chance to talk about Agilent and its business. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Dan Brennan Awesome. Well, feel free, everyone who's listening or watching, to post a question or two if you'd want on tthey video chat board. And I'll certainly try to take a look at it during tthey conversation as we go forward. So I have a series of kind of introductory high-level comments to go through. And ttheyn we'll dig into tthey business and ttheyn go through maybe income statement, balance ttheyyet, cash flow and kind of ttheyn on some strategic stuff. So maybe to kick it off, Bob. Back at tthey 2020 Investor Day, tthey company laid out kind of a 5% to 7%, 3- to 5-year growth rate. And if I look back at tthey growth ex COVID, tthey average growth ex COVID over tthey course of 2021 and now your guide ttheir year reflects a little bit north of -- a little bit above that, maybe 7.5%. So as well tthey 7% to 8% organic growth in fiscal '22 is above that level. And tthey stack is really high as well if you think about it on a 2-year stack basis. So maybe a long introductory way of saying is that 5% to 7% still tthey right way to think about your growth profile. Or has ttheyre been a shift up given your increasing mix from higtheyr-growth areas and execution? Bob McMahon Yes, it's a great question and something that we're really proud about, tthey performance that we've had over tthey last several years. And really it's been a journey to moving our business into faster-growing end markets; pharma, I'm sure we'll talk about that segment, which is now tthey largest market. And it continues to grow double digit for us. And ttheyn continuing to invest in even subsegments of that which we're growing faster. And so I'm not ready to call a number, but certainly our aspiration, I would say, is higtheyr than that. And if you look at what we've been able to do over tthey last couple of years, it has been above that 5% to 7% and certainly on track to doing that ttheir year as well, so we feel very good about it. And certainly our aspiration is to do more. Dan Brennan Great, okay. And maybe kind of flipping gears a little bit over to pricing just given tthey inflationary environment. You talk about realizing, I believe, 1% price in fiscal '22. It's about double what you normally get. Still it's below some of your peers who I think are getting some 2%, 3%, even 4% by some, so what areas are you able to achieve kind of ttheir pricing leverage in, number one, I guess? Number two, could ttheyre be more of an opportunity theyre? Or is ttheyre a need to go higtheyr just given tthey surge in commodity prices following tthey awful events that are transpiring over in Europe? Bob McMahon Yes, yes, it's a great question. And as you said, we guided to a point which was higtheyr than kind of tthey theirtorical numbers. I would say, through Q1, we were tracking atheyad of sctheydule ttheyre, which is actually very good news. And our pricing actually has -- our list pricing has increased more than that, and so it's really about price realization and so forth. And we're covering our costs. We've got a series of additional activities that are coming in. We had a price increase in January as well. And so we feel very good about tthey trajectory ttheyre, Dan. I'm not going to predict, but ttheyre is probably more upside than downside ttheyre in terms of tthey ability to kind of realize that price, certainly if Q1 is any indication. If we look at across. It's across primarily tthey analytical lab. We've taken price across all of our businesses. We typically do that to try to recover tthey increased costs, but if I think about wtheyre our cost increases have, we've been trying to be very conscious about putting price increases in wtheyre we've actually seen tthey raw material inputs increase. And that's primarily in our instrumentation business, along tthey lines of kind of tthey raw materials, plastics, integrated circuits or chips and ttheyn logistics fees and ttheyn on tthey labor side.  So our services organization, and what I've -- what we've seen to date is actually a very good understanding from our customers. We're not trying to take advantage of tthey situation theyre but also -- trying to make sure that we recover tthey costs that we have. And we're watching tthey horrible events. It just makes all of us saddened, seeing tthey tragedy that's playing out. And we're keeping a close eye on wtheyttheyr or not that would require us to do more throughout tthey course of tthey year. We haven't made any determinations theyre, though. Dan Brennan Okay. And maybe one on Russia, Ukraine, could you just kind of talk to tthey direct kind of revenue exposure ttheyre? And ttheyn secondarily, obviously ttheir is taking a toll on tthey globe. And I'm sure ttheyre is a lot of distractions. And maybe business confidence, consumer confidence might be coming down theyre, so have you seen any knock-on effect towards demand as of ttheir date? Or do you expect to see that going forward in terms of how you're thinking about your fiscal '22 guidance? Bob McMahon Yes, it's a really good question. It's something that's top of mind not only for us but, I'm sure, for all your clients and so forth. And as I said, I mean, it's just been a terrible situation to kind of see how things unfold. Particular to Agilent, our business exposure in Russia and Ukraine is relatively small. It's less than 1% of our overall revenues and didn't see any impact. Obviously we've got tthey first quarter behind us, so that's really kind of less than that for fiscal '22.  We don't have any plants or facilities in eittheyr of those countries or even in Eastern Europe that would be disrupted by ttheir or any raw materials that are coming from that. We continue to keep a close eye on tthey demand. And to date, we haven't seen any cancellations of any of our backlog or any change in ordering patterns of -- eittheyr in Europe or around tthey world from ttheir situation, so… Dan Brennan Great, okay. So shifting over to some of tthey customer groups and product groups. So starting with biopharma, not surprisingly given tthey size of tthey business, 35% of revenues in fiscal '21, obviously a key growth driver. So your guidance ttheir year calls for low double-digit growth, which is certainly very attractive. If we look back tthey last 4 years, tthey growth has been slightly above that, I will say. Maybe it's kind of low teens. And with NASD mix continuing to increase, that probably puttheyys tthey growth rate up higtheyr, so how do we think about -- like is maybe low to mid-teens a reasonable outlook broadly for your biopharma business given that mix shift? Or just kind of walk us through kind of tthey top-down view of biopharma growth. Bob McMahon Yes. Dan, as usual, your math is quite good. And what we had guided to is that double-digit growth for tthey pharma business, but for all those factors that you just talked about, ttheyre's probably more bias to tthey upside. And we've talked about that. It came in, in Q1 better than what we had anticipated. And certainly we're not seeing any slowdown in tthey marketplace from that standpoint.  And so as you said, NASD, which I'm sure we'll probably get a chance to talk about today, but also tthey biopharma business. So we think about pharma in general. It's about 35% of our total revenues. Of that piece of tthey pie, 35% of it actually is in biopharma or large molecule. And that has been theirtorically growing much faster than that mid-teens growth. And in fact, in Q1, it grew 32%. And that was on top of a 20-plus-percent growth of last year.  And so as our percentage of that business continues to grow, it's going to grow tthey overall growth rate of our pharma business. That's wtheyre most of our investments have been and we're seeing very strong growth. It's not to say that small molecule hasn't been growing, but we certainly feel very good about tthey performance of our business portfolio and tthey long-term growth aspects for tthey pharma business. Dan Brennan Great, yes. So maybe jumping in NASD, nearly 50% growth in fiscal Q1 alone. And we estimate it's been growing sort of north of 30% tthey last several years, so question: What's tthey visibility for filling Train B? I know you've talked about ttheir enabling $100 million to $200 million of additional revenues. I guess tthey question is are we closer to tthey lower or tthey upper end of that. And could ttheir all be filled in fiscal '22? Bob McMahon Yes, it's a really good question. And tthey team has done -- continues to execute at an extremely high level supporting our customers theyre. And you're right. We had very strong growth in Q1 and are anticipating strong growth throughout tthey course of ttheir year. We're already taking orders in -- for '23, so our order book is totally filled theyre in FY '22. It's sctheyduled to come online by tthey end of calendar of '22, Train B. Train B is $150 million plus, so it's tthey higtheyr end of that. I wouldn't pencil in $200 million just yet, but I also wouldn't count my -- our team out and how ttheyy've been able to drive more volume.  I would say that, that probably won't all come in '23, just because of tthey ramp. I would expect it to ramp very similar to tthey way we had Train A or tthey initial ramp of Frederick, but ttheyre's no reason that ttheir isn't a $400-plus million run rate business, if not higtheyr than that, by tthey end of '23. And we're continuing to evaluate wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre's more opportunities to continue to add capacity. As Mike has said before, ttheyre's more letters in tthey alphabet than B. Dan Brennan Interesting, so maybe talk about a little bit of tthey oligo demand impact wtheyn we go from a clinical program to a commercial program. Like if we look out 3 years, given current pipelines, like, how many siRNA approvals could we have? And what does ttheir mean for tthey business? Bob McMahon Yes. So it's a really good question. It's hard for me to predict how many approvals, but tthey more, tthey better. And ttheyn what we've seen is actually continuation of approvals over tthey course of ttheir -- ttheyse last couple of years. To rewind tthey clock: Maybe 18 months ago, almost all of tthey demand was still on tthey clinical side. It still is tthey majority of our volume is clinical, as opposed to production, but what we're seeing is actually a shift towards larger targeted-population ttheyrapeutics.  So tthey first couple of drugs were rare and orphan diseases. And so wtheyn you think about tthey clinical to commercial, ttheyre's not that much of a jump up. Ttheyre is because tthey target population is in tthey thousands or tens of thousands around tthey world, but inclisiran, which is tthey raw material for tthey Leqvio Novartis drug, is -- has potential opportunities for millions of patients. Ttheyse are for patient -- statin-resistant cholesterol. And so tthey more of ttheyse broader-based ttheyrapeutics, tthey bigger tthey step-up is in terms of kind of tthey move from clinical to commercial. Our business is a mix between kind of ttheyse targeted ttheyrapeutics or targeted areas as well as increasingly looking at tthey broader indications, which is making us feel very good about not only tthey quantity of programs that we have but also tthey types of programs. And that's why we're looking at Train B, which is largely a production or a commercial train that can drive more capacity through it. We're building it to actually have less ability to turn over in terms of shifts and so forth and higtheyr volume and so forth. So we feel very good about ttheir business. And if you look at what's in tthey clinic today, just tthey number of ttheyrapeutics across siRNA or just RNA ttheyrapeutics, I mean, it's just exploding. Dan Brennan Interesting. So from a competitive standpoint, like discuss your position in tthey market for supplying RUO and DNP oligos for ttheyse ttheyrapies. Bob McMahon Yes. I would say it's -- let's take it in 2 buckets. So tthey benefit that we have for NASD, which we're just talking about, is we provide GMP-grade oligos at scale. And so that is a very different model than some of tthey ottheyrs that produce oligo, RUO oligos which are in tthey gram, sometimes even microgram, quantities. We have tthey ability to produce GMP grade at tthey kilogram quantities and hundreds of kilograms.  And so we actually worked very closely with our pharma partners in tthey development process during that clinical trial. We're part of tthey dossier and ttheyn are able to scale with tthey existing equipment that we have. We're not changing process wtheyn we ultimately go to manufacturing and that's a big benefit for our customers. On tthey RUO side, we do have RUO through our genomics business, but our ability in tthey NASD business is actually working closely with our pharma partners at tthey time of developing tthey program and not in research but in development and ttheyn all tthey way through tthey clinical trial to production. And we've had tremendous success been -- being able to do that. Dan Brennan Interesting, okay. Okay, good. Let's -- we can always come back. I have a few more on that, but I think we should come on it, kind of push forward. So maybe still staying in biopharma, just a question that came up around 4Q with some companies pointing to emerging biopharma, maybe a risk with some demand, just given capital markets being closed. We posed ttheir question to some of your large-cap peers. I'm just wondering. What's your exposure if you define it that way? And are you seeing any degradation in demand ttheyre just given capital markets? Bob McMahon Yes, let me answer tthey last one first because that's what probably tthey ultimate question is. We're not seeing any degradation in demand. Our exposure to small -- or to biotech -- small-company biotech is relatively small across tthey continuum, but we are not seeing any slowing in demand. We're not seeing any delays in placing purchase orders or RFPs or orders. We're not seeing any cancellations. And our view is that tthey funding environment continues to be very strong across tthey continuum of companies in tthey biotech space. And our belief is, if tthey science continues to show promise, it will get funding. It may not get funding in tthey public space. It will get funding somewtheyre else. And so we're extremely optimistic about tthey continued strength of tthey biopharma business. Dan Brennan Great. And ttheyn maybe one more on biopharma. So tthey cell analysis business which you've put togettheyr, I believe it's almost $400 million in revenues, so 6% or so of revenues. I think that grew mid-20s in fiscal '21. I need to go back and look at what tthey comp was, but still very impressive, well atheyad of tthey 10% TAM growth that you guys had outlined. Like, a, what level of growth is sustainable for ttheir business? And kind of what's driving ttheir outsized growth versus tthey addressable market? Bob McMahon Yes, it's a great question. And tthey team has done a fantastic job. I wouldn't pencil in 25% ongoing, but certainly several points atheyad of tthey market is what our expectation is. And really what we're seeing is a couple of things. One is tthey market continues to be robust. Market demand of 10% plus is -- speaks to tthey -- wtheyre science is going.  And our products are critical to theylping interrogate cells across wtheyttheyr it be cell ttheyrapies; and some of ttheyse ottheyr, newer and emerging sciences. And we're primarily still in tthey academia and research area, so we still think that ttheyre's opportunities to move through into ultimately in -- production. Ttheyre's probably a couple of areas that continue to drive ttheir. You're right. We made ttheir through a series of acquisitions, and so we've got -- we've had over tthey time a number of new product introductions.  We actually have a flow cytometry business that continues to be very strong. A lot of attention gets made on biotech, but that business, we acquired several years ago. We now have a benchtop kind of clinical flow cytometry product as well as research, and so tthey ability to be able to be very flexible, I think, is resonating very well. And ttheyn a large part of that business is tthey biotech business, and that continues to be able to add additional portfolio to our existing customers. And ttheyn we're actually bringing togettheyr some of ttheyse through software to be able to actually track samples across tthey various product lines. And ttheyn I think, over time, tthey ability to penetrate international markets, particularly for our biotech business, is going to be a big opportunity for us because it was primarily a U.S.-based business. And for us, that was one of tthey appeals, and ttheyn also tthey service opportunity. And our service -- we just moved tthey service organization into our ACG business in November. And wtheyn we look at tthey connect rates, ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity, untapped opportunity, to leverage our scale that we have within our ACG business to provide value-added services and support to tthey existing customer base as well as increase tthey attach rate of our service contracts ttheyre for biotech. So that's something that is just early days to be able to -- and that -- as -- we love to talk about our ACG business because -- and we think that that's a sustainable competitive advantage for us just given tthey size and scale that we have in that business. Dan Brennan Excellent, okay. Well, let's shift over to C&E, which has been a great story theyre. It grew 15% in Q1, better than expected. You raised your guidance for ttheir year at a high single, low double, which implies like a low double digit to your average stack. I think you talked about -- on tthey last call, tthey question was towards about higtheyr oil prices. And I believe you kind of talked about tthey 15% or so of tthey business that might be in E&P and refining maybe that's most impacted but net-net tthey rest of tthey portfolio. So maybe just let's point assume again high up given what's -- wtheyre oil has gone and wtheyre commodity prices have gone. Just how do we think about tthey overall impact on your C&E business from what's happening with commodity prices? Bob McMahon Yes. I would say, if you think about our C&E business, it's a little over 20% of tthey total company. And if I break that into 3 components: Ctheymicals actually represents tthey biggest component. It's a little over 60%. Ttheyn you have advanced materials, which is about 25%. And ttheyn tthey remaining is that E&P that you talk about, or energy and exploration, and so forth.  And so oil prices have a impact across all 3 of those. I would say tthey ctheymical piece and -- has impact ttheyre but also PMIs and overall consumer demand. And what we're seeing ttheyre is continued demand across multiple vectors, wtheyttheyr it be consumer demand, but just factory output PMIs continue to be very positive across tthey globe. And so our expectation is that's going to continue to grow. Tthey advanced material part is slightly different, but ttheir is really around all of tthey supply chain. We're theyaring about all tthey chips and capacity constraints for integrated circuits and so forth. And that advanced material goes into tthey -- making those.  And so if we think about kind of longer term, ttheyre's a tremendous amount of capacity expansion that's trying to happen theyre both from a diversity of facilities -- so ttheyy're not singly focused, but if you think about what -- every product, almost, nowadays has a chip in it. And so our products actually go into kind of theylping that. And ttheyn tthey oil price ultimately is most impacting on tthey exploration, but ttheyy also have to make sure that tthey demand is ttheyre. And right now tthey demand has continued to be strong across tthey globe. Hopefully, that kind of gives a flavor. Dan Brennan Yes, yes. No, for sure. No, that's great. So maybe on tthey ctheymical part, tthey 60%. I think that grew. Basically what's kind of driving? Is it really just tthey global economy? And like you're saying factory output PMIs. I know you launctheyd a bunch of new products pre COVID, which kind of got lost in tthey shuffle, I think, from tthey investor standpoint, but just give us a sense of -- that growth is at a pretty high rate. Is it -- like if we were to draw some kind of map and look at factory output PMIs and look at tthey demand theyre over time, would it be lined up directly? Or is ttheyre something that you're doing different theyre or better that's driving tthey growth? Bob McMahon It's -- yes. We'd like to think that we're doing better. I mean we are a leader in tthey ctheymical and energy market. To your point, prior to COVID, we had just launctheyd 2 brand-new gas chromatographs, which was tthey first new products that we'd had in several years, close to 8 to 10 years. And ttheyy -- we're by far and away tthey market leader. We've got 2/3 of that market probably. And tthey beauty of those was we've got overindexed to tthey higtheyr end, tthey high -- tthey more soptheirticated instruments. And what we had in tthey second product was actually a mid-range product, which allowed us to -- without reducing price on our high end, to actually get more than our fair share or get our fair share of tthey lower -- tthey mid range.  We've actually seen tremendous uptick in that. That was masked by tthey overall downward pressure in tthey economy, but we're seeing that come back theyre. And if we think about wtheyre ttheir is, it is your traditional ctheymicals and raw materials that go into ottheyr products. And I'd say tthey best way to think about that is PMIs and global demand. And ttheyse are things that go into things like paint but also higtheyr-performance products, petroctheymicals and so forth. And what we're seeing is an expansion of capacity ttheyre as well as that refresh of instrumentation. Dan Brennan And maybe just one on tthey instrument refresh. I mean I think a lot of us had done tthey math and we looked at your installed base. And we said, wow, if you pull forward a year of a 10-year replacement cycle, that's going to be meaningful given tthey size of ttheir installed base. You could add 1 point, 2, 3 points to tthey growth rate. So any just kind of second comment on like what percent of tthey installed base has been upgraded? Could you try to -- is that durable, that kind of upgrade cycle? Because that could be a nice tailwind theyre for you… Bob McMahon Yes, tthey way we have thought about ttheir, ttheyy do go up in cycles. And we had had a lull prior because of COVID and even before that. And I would say we're probably mid-cycle right now in terms of kind of more of an accelerated piece of acceleration. So ttheyy typically last 18 to 24 months. I would say we're probably in that -- all things being equal, roughly halfway through that right now, Dan. So that's why we feel pretty good about kind of our visibility into ttheir market for tthey rest of tthey year. We talked in Q1 our order book -- our backlog grew. Our order book was twice tthey rate of revenue growth. And tthey 2 biggest areas that we saw that strong order book were in pharma, which I just talked about; and ttheyn ctheymical and energy. Dan Brennan Okay, good, okay. Maybe we'll shift outside of ctheymical and energy for a moment theyre. We can always come back to it. So if we think about your ottheyr 3 -- ottheyr remaining customer segments before we jump in, I want to ask a question on CrossLab's. Which of those -- as you kind of think about tthey trajectory of tthey business exiting fiscal '21 and now into '22, wtheyre do you see like tthey most variant view in terms of like, wow, if X and Y went right, ttheir could really go up? Or even on tthey downside. Just kind of give us a sense of which ones maybe, if we're going to point or scope, we should take a closer look at. Bob McMahon Yes. I would talk about probably 2 of tthey 3. So tthey one that we haven't talked about yet, which is actually our third largest, is tthey diagnostic and clinical business. And that actually, I think, has been incredibly resilient, our pathology business as well as some of tthey ottheyr areas that we go through, our former Dako business. It continues to be very strong. It had an extremely strong first quarter.  And I think that, as long as we continue to see kind of COVID behind us, if we take kind of tthey onetime COVID effect out of that, that has tthey potential to continue to strengttheyn throughout tthey course of ttheir year. It's been fairly resilient because it is cancer diagnostics, but it -- and what we're seeing actually is it's higtheyr than wtheyre it was pre pandemic now and continues to grow, so I think that ttheyre's opportunity ttheyre. I think tthey one area, on tthey ottheyr side, that's probably a little more sensitive is academia and government. We saw that in Q1 with Omicron. And we've got, I will say, modest expectations of that. It still was resilient, but we did see people going back to remote learning for a period of time coming out of tthey Christmas holidays theyre in tthey western theymisptheyre. And we saw that activity pick up, but if ttheyre is some ottheyr disruption ttheyre, that could drive it. Now tthey good news is that's less than 10% of our overall company. Dan Brennan Got it, okay. So instruments. LSAG had a really nice rebound in '21. I believe it was mid-teens [Indiscernible] kind of up 6% to 7%. Discuss, kind of give us a sense on tthey backlog kind of order trends and just that 6% to 7%. What's tthey range around kind of what could kind of manifest ttheyre? Bob McMahon Yes, it's a really good question. Tthey team has done a fantastic job. We continue to be very pleased with kind of tthey order intake and tthey demand ttheyre across all of our end markets. And tthey order book is -- continues to be extremely strong. Tthey backlog is at tthey higtheyst levels it's been. Wtheyn you look at it year-over-year, it's quite a significant increase. And our expectation is tthey demand will continue to strengttheyn throughout tthey second half of ttheir year. Now comps get harder because we started to see some very strong and robust numbers, growth rates last year, but tthey fundamental demand ttheyre is very good. And I think we have pretty good visibility at least for tthey next several quarters. Dan Brennan Interesting. And ttheyn maybe just one more theyre. Actually I did get a question from tthey audience which goes back to tthey supply chain that we talked about at tthey onset. I know you talked about supply chain improving on tthey last call. Just, I mean, has ttheyre been -- it sounded pretty confident, tthey ability to manage through ttheyse issues, but just maybe anottheyr comment on supply chain, kind of how you feel about any potential issues now with what's happening in Russia and Ukraine? Bob McMahon Yes. It continues to add a level of difficulty, but our team has been able to rise to tthey occasion in terms of managing it. I don't want to give anyone tthey impression that it's easy out ttheyre because it certainly is not, but it does seem to be getting better. But wtheyre our expectation is ttheir is going to be with us through tthey rest of ttheir year, but we haven't seen any impact to date in terms of inability to meet customer demand and haven't seen any order cancellations as a result of not being able to supply and so forth. So we are seeing higtheyr costs, particularly with logistics now, and now that airline -- air freight is now a little different than it was before given that you can't fly over certain parts of tthey world and so forth, but tthey team has been able to kind of manage that. Dan Brennan Great. Maybe one on China: Guidance ttheir year is for high single digits. Tthey risk profile feels higtheyr today than it's -- not just today but recently feels higtheyr than if you look back 3 to 4 years, just given tthey trade tensions that's ongoing theyre, maybe tthey push for China to be more self kind of fulfilling in terms of ttheyir own product portfolio. Just what -- have you seen any change in your China business at all? And kind of what's your view on tthey risk profile and tthey growth rate that we should be expecting going forward in China? Bob McMahon Yes. I would say we haven't seen any material change. It is -- I would say it is more challenging probably than it was a couple of years ago, but tthey demand continues to be very strong. And in fact, we continue to make investments in China for China. And we just announced in Q1 an expansion of our facility in Shanghai to make locally sourced products. So you are seeing some of that for a certain part of tthey market. And what we see is our ability to actually continue to grow faster than tthey market.  If I looked at our demand: Our revenue grew 3% because of tthey timing of tthey lunar new year and so forth, but demand -- or order book actually grew mid teens. So demand is still ttheyre. I think our products are critical to some of tthey key strategic imperatives of tthey 5-year plan, wtheyttheyr it be biotech, technology and some of ttheyse ottheyr areas around energy independence and so forth. And so -- and ttheyre aren't any good substitutes today for tthey products and services that we provide. Dan Brennan Great. Maybe I'll sneak one final one in just to end it, on cap deployment. I know you and Mike have been certainly pretty constructive on kind of incrementally looking to do more deals but not taking really any big swings that disrupts what's in place, but just give us a flavor. Tthey balance ttheyyet is obviously in great shape. Stock prices are down a lot. Like what's your appetite maybe for something? And what's tthey M&A funnel look like? Bob McMahon Yes. It continues to be very robust. I would say that expectations haven't moved as fast as valuations have yet, but we continue to be constructive on tthey opportunities that have tthey buy part of our build-and-buy strategy and continue to be on tthey lookout for opportunities to continue to build our portfolio across all of our end markets. We've been very successful.  We've talked about an ability to actually maybe do a bigger deal than what we've had theirtorically, but we feel very good about staying in our lane. We don't feel like we need to do a transformational deal or anything like that but certainly adding capability, wtheyttheyr it be consumables or content, in certain areas like biopharma and -- or cell analysis, as an example; or continuing our technology focus in places like next-gen sequencing and so forth. But we're excited about continuing to deploy capital, and we'll do it but in a fiscally prudent way. Dan Brennan Awesome. And with that, we're a minute or two past but a great conversation, certainly really appreciate Agilent attending tthey conference. Hopefully, you have a great rest of tthey day with all tthey meetings. And same thing to tthey investors. Bob McMahon Yes. Thanks, Dan. Take care. Dan Brennan Yes, bye-bye.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts