Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 15, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - IR Mike McMullen - President and CEO Robert McMahon - SVP and CFO Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Sam Raha - President, Agilent Diagnostics & Genomics Group Jacob Thaysen - President, Agilent Life Science & Applied Markets Group Conference Call Participants Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Dan Leonard - Credit Suisse Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Puneet Souda - Leerink Partners Jesse Vatnsdal - JPMorgan Patrick Donnelly - Citi Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Josh Waldman - Cleveland Research Dan Brennan - TD Cowen Luke Sergott - Barclays Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bo and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Parmeet Ahuja. Parmeet, please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja Thank you, Bo, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's conference call for tthey third quarter of fiscal year 2023. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our third quarter financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion along with a recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on forecasted currency exchange rates. During ttheir call, we will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call. In today's call, I'll walk you through our Q3 results, share what we're now seeing in tthey market and provide context for our revised full year outlook. I'll ttheyn turn things over to Bob for more detail on tthey quarter and outlook before returning for some brief closing comments. Tthey Agilent team continues to execute well as we navigate our way through ongoing challenges of tthey current market environment. Our Q3 revenue was $1.67 billion at tthey top end of our expectations. Ttheir is a decline of 2% on a core basis against a tough compare of 13% in Q3 of last year. We continue to be proactive and are taking steps to theylp us deliver on our leveraged earnings model. Operating margins are 29.3%, up 180 basis points. Quarterly earnings per share of $1.43 are up 7% and above our expectations. Tthey major drive behind our Q3 year-on-year decline in revenue is our China business. Excluding China, tthey rest of Agilent grew 2%, which was better than expected. We knew we're up against a difficult compare in China and had previously guided for lower China revenues in Q3. However, tthey economy in China continued to weaken during tthey quarter, translated into a more challenging market environment than we had anticipated. With tthey softer market conditions in China and continued global macroeconomic challenges, we have lower growth expectations for tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year. We now expect core growth for tthey full year to be around 1%, down from our previous guide. Based on what we're seeing at ttheir time, we're not assuming any improvement in tthey China market for tthey remainder of tthey year. We, however, view tthey near-term challenges we're experiencing as transitory and remain confident about tthey long-term growth prospects of our end markets. Before turning now to our third quarter results, I'd like to touch on our two largest end markets. Our total pharma business is down 8%, driven by tthey pharma market in China being down 30%. Within pharma, our biopharma business grew 5%, while small molecule was down 16%. Tthey Ctheymical Advanced Materials market declined 3% versus a 22% increase last year. While we did see tthey ctheymical energy space being weigtheyd down by macro concerns, slowing growth in Advanced Materials was more a function of a difficult compare as tthey volumes have remained steady and robust. Looking at our performance by business unit. Tthey Life Science and Applied Markets have delivered revenues of $927 million. Ttheir was a decline of 9% of a very tough compare of 18% growth. Last year's growth was theylped by tthey benefit of recovery from tthey Q2 2022 Shanghai shutdown. LSAG's performance continues to be affected by tthey market environment in China across all end markets and pharma globally. Our sales funnel remains theyalthy and are up year-on-year, but deal velocity continues to slow as customers remain cautious in making capital purchases. We expect ttheir market environment for new instrument purchases to continue for tthey rest of tthey year. At ttheir time, we are not assuming any benefit from a year-end budget flush or incremental stimulus in China. As we said before, we are continuing to prioritize invest in innovation. As an example, in June, Agilent's investment innovation were on full display at tthey Thomasual ASMS Conference. Tthey LSAG team introduced new products and compretheynsive workflows to enhance data quality and productivity for our customers. Ttheyse include two new LC/MS systems, a new PFAS workflow solution and an AI software for data analysis, among ottheyrs. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted revenues of $396 million. Ttheir is up an impressive 11% core with growth in all regions and end markets, as customers continue to embrace our value proposition. We continue to see strong demand for our services as we theylp customers drive productivity in tthey lab. Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenues of $349 million, up 3% core. Pathology grew high single digits as demand for our diagnostic test continues to grow. Our NASD business grew high teens. Ttheir growth was partially offset as we are continuing to see market weakness for our Genomics and Resolution Bioscience businesses. Regarding resolution Bioscience, tthey market for kidded NGS-based companion diagnostics has not developed as we expected. Furttheyrmore, we don't see a realistic path to profitability. As a result, we've made a difficult decision to shut down tthey business. However, our investments in future growth continue. For example, we achieved an important milestone during tthey quarter wtheyn our NASD business generated tthey first revenues from our Train B investment in Frederick, Colorado. Now looking forward for tthey company, as we navigate ttheir challenging macroeconomic environment, we remain confident in tthey Agilent team and our ability to continue driving leverage earnings growth, use our agile Agilent framework. We faced challenges before, and we're taking actions now that will make us stronger and position us well for tthey future. As we stated last quarter, we are doubling down on delivering cost efficiencies and increasing productivity. Tthey goal is to generate additional cost savings so we can continue to invest in innovative new solutions and support for our customers as we enable future profitable growth. We are on track to achieve tthey cost savings we've targeted for tthey second half of ttheir year. We are in attractive markets that will produce long-term growth. Our innovation engine remains strong and tthey battle test at One Agilent team is driving outstanding execution. Bob and I will provide tthey details on our results as well as our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. After Bob delivers their comments, I will be back to provide some closing remarks. And now, Bob, over to you. Robert McMahon Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue in tthey quarter as well as take you through tthey income statement and ottheyr key financial metrics. I'll ttheyn finish up with our updated guidance for tthey full year and our fourth quarter outlook. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. Q3 revenue was $1.67 billion, a decline of 2.3% core and down 2.7% on a reported basis. Ttheir compares with 13.2% core growth last year. Currency was a 0.5 point theyadwind while M&A contribution was minimal. As you may recall, Q3 of last year benefited from roughly $35 million in revenue deferred from tthey second quarter as we ramp back up from tthey Shanghai shutdown in China. Accounting for ttheir, our Q3 core growth would be roughly flat versus a year ago. As Mike mentioned, Pharma, our largest end market, declined 8%. Ttheir is in line with our reduced expectations coming out of Q2 with underperformance in China, offset by better performance in tthey rest of tthey world. Tthey Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials market was down 3% off a very tough 22% compare, but dollar-wise was flat sequentially. Tthey academia and government market was up 5% with all regions showing growth except tthey Americas, which was flat. Our business in tthey diagnostics and clinical market grew 3%, driven by high single-digit growth in pathology, partially offset by genomics weakness. Tthey environmental and forensics business grew 2%, driven by double-digit growth in tthey Americas and Europe. Tthey growth was generated by tthey build-out of water infrastructure projects and an expansion of funding for PFAS-related activities. Tthey food market grew 1% based on strength in Asia outside of China and mid-single-digit growth in Europe, driven by new food testing regulations. On a geographic basis, while China underperformed, tthey Americas and tthey rest of Asia were better than expected, while Europe was in line with our expectations. Moving down tthey P&L. Third quarter gross margin was 56.3%, down 10 basis points from a year ago. Like last quarter, ttheir was largely due to tthey product and services mix, and pricing was slightly better than our expectations. Below gross margin, tthey expense reduction actions we initiated in tthey second quarter theylped strengttheyn operating margins. We also benefited from a reduction in variable pay expenses. As Mike mentioned, margins were 29.3%, up 180 basis points from last year. Below tthey line, our interest income was higtheyr than planned, while our tax rate was 13.75% and we had 295 million diluted shares outstanding. Putting it all togettheyr, Q3 earnings per share were $1.43, up 7% from a year ago, a very good result given declining revenue. Now let me turn to cash flow and tthey balance ttheyyet. I continue to be pleased with our cash flow generation ttheir year. Cash flow from operations was $562 million in tthey quarter, and is $1.3 billion year-to-date. In Q3, we invested $81 million in capital expenditures, totaling $214 million year-to-date, effectively flat year-on-year as we continue to optimize our CapEx spending. Given tthey strong year-to-date results, we are increasing our free cash flow forecast for tthey year to $1.2 billion, comprised of operating cash flow of $1.5 billion and CapEx of $300 million. Ttheir is an increase of $250 million from tthey midpoint of our previous guidance. Despite tthey challenging macroeconomic conditions, our balanced capital allocation strategy is intact. During tthey quarter, we returned $401 million to shareholders. $66 million through dividends and repurchase shares worth $335 million. Ttheir ongoing balanced approach to capital deployment is anottheyr example of tthey confidence we have in our team and our belief in tthey long-term strength of our markets. Before getting into tthey revised full year outlook, I want to mention we have taken a $291 million pretax charge in Q3 associated with tthey decision to shut down tthey Resolution Bioscience business. Ttheir charge, which is excluded from non-GAAP results, includes an impairment write-down along with charges associated with tthey wind-down and exit of tthey business. We expect tthey wind down to continue through Q4 and into early FY '24. Now to tthey revised outlook for tthey year in Q4. Given tthey more challenging macroeconomic environment we are seeing, particularly in China, we now expect full year revenue to be in tthey range of $6.80 billion to $6.85 billion. Ttheir represents a decline of 0.7% to flat on a reported basis and core growth of 0.8% to 1.5%. Ttheir is a core growth reduction of 260 basis points from tthey midpoint of our last guide. Roughly 85% of tthey change is related to reduced expectations in China while tthey remainder is due to some incremental cautiousness from our customers on CapEx spend as well as softness in genomics and tthey shutdown of Resolution Bioscience. As Mike said earlier, we are not assuming any incremental stimulus in China or any material year-end budget flush in ttheyse revised projections. Given tthey large change in China, I wanted to provide some additional perspective on how we are forecasting tthey rest of tthey year, recognizing that tthey market continues to be very dynamic. To provide some context, in Q3 through June, our business in China was tracking to a mid-single-digit decline in revenue, which was in line with our expectations. However, in July, we saw a furttheyr deterioration in China, resulting in tthey 17% decline for tthey quarter. And while tthey Q3 decline in China was centered in pharma, which was down 30%, we did see weakness in tthey ottheyr end markets as well. We expect tthey conditions we've seen in July to persist in China for Q4. In addition, we are facing our most difficult quarterly compare in China, wtheyre we grew 44% in Q4 of last year. We are now expecting Q4 to decline in tthey mid-30s year-on-year. For tthey full year, we are expecting China to decline mid-single digits versus growing mid-single digits. With tthey change in revenue, we now expect full year fiscal 2023 non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $5.40 and $5.43, representing leveraged earnings growth of 3% to 4% and roughly 6% to 7% growth net of currency. Tthey change in full year guide results in Q4 revenue being in tthey range of $1.655 billion to $1.705 billion. Ttheir represents a decline of 8% to 10.5% on a reported basis and a decline of 9.5% to 12% on a core basis. Tthey recovery last year in Q4 of tthey remaining revenue deferred from tthey Shanghai Q2 shutdown negatively impacts tthey year-on-year results by roughly 1 point. In fourth quarter, non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be between $1.33 and $1.36. Thanks for being on tthey call. And now I will turn things back over to Mike for some closing comments before taking your questions. Mike? Mike McMullen Thanks, Bob. While today's macroenvironment is challenged for new instrument purchases, we remain confident in tthey long-term growth prospects of our end markets, tthey diversification of our business and in our proven ability to grow faster than tthey market. I'd like to share a few examples why my confidence remains intact despite near-term challenges. In Pharma, our largest end market, innovation and advance of medicines continue with new ttheyrapeutics flowing into tthey market. Tthey demographic drivers of ttheir market are on our side, a growing global population that expects access to theyalth care and extending life expectancy to be key priorities from ttheyir governments. Our market-leading solutions are critical to innovation behind new ttheyrapeutics and ensuring tthey safety and quality of on-market drugs. In tthey applied markets, growing PFAS testing and tthey electrical vehicle transition are theyre to stay, action in new opportunities for growth. Everyone wants to have a safer water to drink, food to eat and air to breatthey and tthey search for and production of more sustainable materials and energy sources remains a global priority. Agilent is a diversified leader in a unique position to theylp our customers drive ttheyir solutions. We remain a trusted partner, our customers though ttheyy can rely on in both good and challenging times. Our combination of leading instrumentation and world-class customer support is a long-term competitive advantage. At tthey theyart of ttheir long-term competitive advantage is tthey Agilent team and tthey One Agilent culture. You see ttheir reflected in a recent recognition on Glassdoor and in being named A Great Place to Work in all 27 countries and territories around tthey world wtheyre we qualify for certification. We have a company mission focused on advancing tthey quality of life. To learn more about ttheir, I would encourage you to review tthey latest addition of tthey ESG report that we issued last month. We have proactively managed tthey company through tthey short term, always with an eye towards our customers and in tthey long term. We have been proactive in managing our business to drive leveraged earnings but not at tthey expense of customer satisfaction and future growth. Yes, ttheyse are challenging times, but we have tthey team, tthey strategy and tthey right culture that would deliver long-term success. Thank you for joining us today. And now over to you, Parmeet, to lead tthey question-and-answer session. Parmeet? Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Mike. Bo, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, Parmeet. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first ttheir afternoon to Matt Sykes at Goldman Sachs. Matt Sykes Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I thought maybe I'd start just with China, sort of a high-level question. You guys talked about sort of tthey transitory impact of tthey current environment. You mentioned pharma. Could you kind of extend those comments to China? Do you think it's more cyclical versus structural? Are ttheyre competitive issues that you're facing or just your outlook on that region? Thanks. Mike McMullen Yes, Matt, thanks for tthey question. So let me start with tthey last part of your question. Ttheir is a macro story, not a competitive story. So market shares continue to be very, very strong. I know ttheyre's a lot of discussion about increased local competition, but we've moved pretty aggressively on our made in China strategy. So we don't see that all as a competitive issue. Transitory, tthey comment ttheyre is really about tthey fact that tthey China market is not going away. It's going to be a big market for years to come. It clearly is challenged right now. And we're not -- we're taking a sort of one quarter at a time, actually month by month. And as Bob mentioned in their comments, I think July, we actually saw tthey weakest performance within tthey quarter, and we're still seeing weakness in tthey pharmaceutical industry, for example, tthey level of manufacturing declined pretty specifically in tthey month of July. So we think tthey market is going to be ttheyre, but it's going to take a while for it to get back to growth. And I guess probably tthey ottheyr thing to point theyre is - and again, I'm talking specifically around tthey instrument side of tthey China market. As you know, we have a very large, in fact, tthey largest installed base of instrumentation in tthey marketplace. So very positive on tthey ability to grow tthey aftermarket in our diagnostics business. Probably anything you add to that? Okay. Matt Sykes Maybe just for my follow-up, just on ACG. So a good quarter in that business. And I know you guys talked about a year or two ago about sort of a goal of 30%-plus margins obviously achieved ttheir quarter. Can you maybe talk about sort of wtheyre you see tthey durability of that growth is sort of high single, low double, 30%-plus margins, how we should be thinking about tthey business? Or were ttheyre some one-offs in tthey quarter that you'd want to call out to kind of measure expectations ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. We've consistently communicated that we think ttheir is a high single-digit, low double-digit kind of growth business for us. It's been that way since pretty much most of my tenure as CEO, and we don't see that changing as we go forward. Of course, ttheyre'll be puts and takes by quarter. But we're continuing to see good growth in our connect rates, which we've talked a lot about. And we're also doing very well on winning tthey enterprise business as well to complement tthey ottheyr aspects of our portfolio offerings. I would say that tthey profitability was probably a little bit higtheyr in Q3 than - but we do think that tthey high double-digit number you quote about is pretty manageable for that business, but not at tthey level we saw in Q3, right, Bob? Robert McMahon Yes. Matt, ttheir is Bob. And just maybe to furttheyr what Mike is saying, wtheyn we think about tthey components of that business, tthey fastest-growing component is actually tthey contracted business, which is that connect rate. And it was in tthey mid-teens ttheir last quarter and continues to be faster growing than tthey overall business. And as long as we continue to be able to drive that increased attach rate, we feel very good about that. And that comes with - with that growth comes scale and being able to leverage our team with tthey work that tthey digital initiatives that we've had as well. And so as Mike said, don't book, I think it was 32% going forward because ttheyre were some variable pay true-ups. But certainly, what you've seen quarter in, quarter out is a nice, steady cadence of margin improvement ttheyre. Matt Sykes Got it. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. We'll go next now to Jack Meehan at Nephron Research. Jack Meehan Thank you. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Jack. Jack Meehan Mike, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about some of tthey more cyclical areas of tthey business in tthey CAM segment. Just what are you seeing from some of your ctheymicals customers. You've theyard some conversation of budget cuts ttheyre. Are you starting to see that? Just how is your visibility into some of ttheyse cyclical areas? Mike McMullen Yes. So as we've talked earlier - thanks for tthey questions Jack and all tthey participants comments and ttheyn have Jacob jump in on ttheir one as well. But we look across tthey CAM, I'd say tthey Advanced Materials segment of that market, which we've communicated is more driven by secular trends and cyclical trends continues to hold up quite well. And by tthey way, also, I just want to point out we had a really tough compare, I think we grew 22% last year in Q3 in CAM. If we look at tthey ctheymicals and energy side of it, tthey energy side actually popped up a bit, particularly driven by tthey U.S. wtheyre we are seeing some weakness is in tthey ctheymical side wtheyre customers are looking at tthey macroeconomic environment and are slowing ttheyir capital investment ttheyre. So I'd say that kind of puts and takes. But I think in terms of tthey quarter, Bob, I think we came in right about wtheyre we thought we'd be in CAM and I'd say it's a mixed story in terms of different segments growing at different rates. Robert McMahon Yes. Before Jacob, maybe you can jump in. I think tthey one thing that I think is important is you really have story in China, which is its own and ttheyn tthey rest of tthey business. And so if you think about wtheyre Americas and Europe is, it's performed extremely well. And if you actually look - we mentioned ttheir in tthey call, sequentially, tthey dollars actually were very stable. And so we are expecting a challenging Q4, mainly because we grew 70% in China. Mike McMullen 43% in Q3. Robert McMahon Yes. So it's a compare situation. But ttheir business continues to be very strong. Mike McMullen Do you want to make tthey comments on tthey Advanced Materials side of tthey house ttheyre, Jacob? Jacob Thaysen Yes, I can say that. And Mike, I think you also started with that saying that we continue to see a lot of activities in that space, especially in tthey battery space, wtheyre, of course, ttheyre are also compares we are against, but ttheyre's still a lot of interest in that space, and we are doing very, very well. Semicon is also cycling down right now, but we are - we continue to see business in that space, but not as strong as we did last year. Jack Meehan Thanks Jacob. And my follow-up, I wanted to ask about margins. Just how you're thinking about some of tthey puts and takes for 2024. I think some of tthey cost savings you've talked about should extend to next year, should get some leverage out of NASD. But at tthey same time, some of tthey performance comp comes back and would think some of ttheyse top line pressures extend as well. I don't know, can you just talk about maybe relative to tthey LRP, how you're thinking about margins for next year? Mike McMullen Bob, do you want to lead that one? Yes. By tthey way, one thing I'd add to that before Bob's, tthey specifics, Jack, is our decision on tthey Resolution Bioscience business, that also is part of tthey story for us next year in terms of margin expansion. So Bob? Robert McMahon Yes. I would say that our view of leveraged earnings growth continues into '24. And so while we do have some things coming back to us, some of tthey actions that we've taken will continue to move into a full year for 2024. And quite honestly, that's kind of what we expect our job to be is to be able to drive that leveraged earnings growth. Jack Meehan Thank you, guys. Mike McMullen Welcome. Operator Thank you. We go next now to Vijay Kumar at Evercore ISI. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and good job on tthey margin execution theyre, Mike. Mike, maybe I missed some of tthey comments theyre. Can you talk about tthey phasing in tthey quarter theyre in China? I think I theyard wtheyn you start off down mid-singles and was July off like minus 25%, minus 30%, is that tthey exit rate? Mike McMullen Yes. We take a change within tthey quarter. Robert McMahon Yes, Vijay, ttheir is Bob. Your math is in tthey ballpark. Yes. So we were down mid-single digits through June. So May and June kind of tracking as we expected, and ttheyn we saw incremental weakness in July, and we ended up for tthey full quarter down 17%. And what we're assuming going into Q4 is that, that performance will continue into Q4. And given tthey tough comp that we have because I think we grew 44% in Q4 of last year, we're estimating roughly a 35-ish percent drop in Q4 in China. Vijay Kumar Sorry. That's theylpful, Bob. And just -- sorry, wtheyre I was going with that question was, can you talk about capital versus recurring? And I think wtheyn I look at your Americas in Europe, America is just flattish. Do you see a similar sort of phasing in ex-China, maybe talk about exit rates in July? Robert McMahon So actually, if you think about tthey ACG business, actually ACG grew in all regions and all end markets, inclusive of China. So ttheyre wasn't a change ttheyre. And I would say both in tthey Americas and Europe, we didn't see that same effect. Mike McMullen Yes. And overall, outside of China, tthey geographic performance was better than expected. Robert McMahon Correct. Mike McMullen We saw no trends like tthey China trend in our ottheyr geographies. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Mike. And Mike, maybe one that you mentioned a couple of times on transitory. I think that's a new firm that you're using -- what have you theyard -  Mike McMullen I think I move away from prudent to transitory. Vijay Kumar Yes. What have you guys theyard on tthey ground on China stimulus, maybe some positive commentary, but nothing is concrete and why use tthey word transitory is tthey implication theyre fiscal '24 should be a more normalized year wtheyn we look at tthey comps? Robert McMahon Yes. So, a couple of thoughts theyre, I think relative to tthey China business, we're theyaring similar things, but nothing really significant and ttheyre's not enough to go onto assume we have kind of material impact on our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. Wtheyn we talk about transitory, we talked about tthey fact that ttheyse markets are driven by investments to improve tthey human condition as I mentioned. Ttheyy're not going to go away. And neittheyr while we're not going to get into tthey specifics of an actual number, we actually see a path to growth next year for full year for Agilent. And of course, we have tthey tough compare tthey first half of next year, we did coming off a double-digit print for first half ttheir year, but as we looked at our business keep in mind, we're - what's behind my thought process theyre which is - we're instrument company, yes, we have big instrument business around 60%, we have a 40% of those in recurring revenue business. I don't know if you caught it in Mike call script, but our sales funnel for instruments are actually growing. So that would say that at some point in time those budgets are going to be released and tthey orders will close, wtheyn I've seen deals come out of - tthey funnel. We're not seeing order cancellations, we're not seeing changes to our one loss ratio. And we're encouraged by tthey growth we're seeing in biopharma. On tthey small molecule side, we know that different rates of replacements during tthey cycles, but we think ttheir will follow theirtorical cycle. I think tthey real wildcard for us, we look forward into '24, is really what do we assume around tthey China market. We're not assuming any kind of major furttheyr degradation, but at tthey same point in time, it's tthey path to return to kind of theirtoric growth rates. That's tthey open question right now. Vijay Kumar Understood. Thanks, guys. Operator We'll go next now to Dan Leonard at Credit Suisse. Mike McMullen Hi, Dan. Dan Leonard Thank you. Hi, Mike. I wanted to follow-up on that last part. You've seen a lot of cycles in China over 30 plus years. What would you compare ttheir to and how do we get out of it? Mike McMullen I am as old as tthey dirt and have been working in ttheir marketplace since tthey mid-90s. I haven't seen a cycle like ttheir before. And we've not seen a situation wtheyre tthey - ttheyre's really seem to be a lack of confidence right now in tthey macro economy. Now, look I'm not sharing - anything that tthey audience theyre doesn't fully understand already. So, tthey way we get out of ttheir, I think is China led by tthey government. We'll get back to focusing on its long-term goals of making China an innovation driven economy, which will require continued investments in R&D. It's going to also get back to focusing on improving tthey theyalth of - tthey population, addressing some of environment issue, so we think it's getting back to fundamentals. Yes, we think that eventually will occur, but ttheyre's a lot of issues that we may be work through within tthey China right now. But - it's a very large market, tthey market is not going to disappear. And I think ttheyre'll be investments. I think ttheyre's also needs to be a level of confidence in tthey private sector in China, that it's a good time to reinvest and maybe I shouldn't wait on tthey sidelines hope for its stimulus, but get back to work and get my business going. So ttheyre's a lot of dynamics. I really have to say though, I don't know if I have a comparable situation that we've been through for ttheir long. I think Bob and I were talking earlier today. Tthey change in tthey food ministry, a number of years ago is - was tthey biggest thing we've seen or 24 plus seven some of tthey biggest things we've seen a change, but ttheir is much more of a macro economic issue in China, which is different than what we've seen before. Obviously, we have an impact on life sciences tool, but it's a much bigger macro story is really driving tthey softness right now in our markets. Robert McMahon Yes. Tthey only thing I would say, Dan to build on what Mike was saying is, as they mentioned, tthey demographics are with us wtheyn you think about tthey aging population, tthey need to actually access theyalthcare more important ttheyrapeutics, and tthey importance of ensuring tthey water and food supply. Ttheyy are tthey world's leaders today in electric and clean energy. It's hard to believe wtheyn everyone thinks about that. But ttheyy are tthey leader, and ttheyy have more electric cars than any ottheyr region. And so, I think that investment is going to be key as Mike talking about from tthey government, but unless ttheyy changed ttheyir strategic priorities, I think that's tthey benefit for life sciences in general. Dan Leonard I appreciate all that perspective. And just a follow-up. I was hoping you could elaborate on your decision to shut down Res Bio. I was surprised by that, given that you acquired tthey company only a couple of years ago? Mike McMullen Yes, sure Dan. Happy to do so. So obviously, a very difficult decision, ttheyn I'll have Sam jump in on ttheir conversation, but our fundamental belief was that our differentiation will be all around what we called tthey kitted strategy to have a distributed on market companion diagnostics for our pharma partners, and that market really hasn't developed as we had anticipated. Sam? Sam Raha Yes, Mike. Building on what you said, while NGS and cancer diagnostics is theyre and we serve that market in a number of ways, right, for just to be clear, too. We absolutely continue to serve cancer research translational research and diagnostic, test developer customers. But our core to our ttheysis, our differentiation is really tthey ability to develop and distribute ttheyse kitted tests in tthey market, tthey pharma market and tthey testing market just as evolve that way. And we also looked at our recent analysis and concluded that even with more additional investment, ttheir is going to be a business that's going to be undergoing significant losses for some foreseeable future, so. It was a difficult, as Mike said, that tthey right decision to make ttheir move now. But again to be clear, we continue to serve cancer research and diagnostics in a number of ways. Mike McMullen Yes. I think - Sam, wtheyn we've talked about ttheir in tthey past. So, we think we're still going be able to participate in what we believe tthey strong growth of liquid biopsy market. But to really providing a lot of tthey - if you will, ingredients for tthey test developers for ttheymselves. Sam Raha Here and Mike. I'm going to take ttheir opportunity to also just to say beyond our core SureSelect Target Enrichment portfolio which is used broadly for liquid biopsy testing today. Early next year, we'll be launching solutions from Avida BioMed, an acquisition that we announced earlier ttheir year, which we think is really going to be a differentiated way to look at methylation, as well as classic mutation analysis. Robert McMahon Yes. Maybe just one add, Dan, is obviously a difficult decision for us, but I also think it also looks - it shows tthey discipline that we have in terms of our portfolio rationalization, and we felt we had better returns in ottheyr places to invest in so. Dan Leonard Understood. Thanks for tthey time. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator We'll go next now to Brandon Couillard at Jefferies. Brandon Couillard Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Brandon. Brandon Couillard Mike would you just find packing mass spec versus LC trends in tthey quarter? And ttheyn based on your revised guide, what is tthey four-year CAGR from 2019 for LSAG instruments exiting tthey year? How does that compare to theirtorical average over tthey cycle? Mike McMullen Hi Brandon, I'm going to start with tthey response to your question. I'll let Bob dig through their notes to find tthey actual number. But first of all, I just started to say, is that we believe what we're dealing with theyre in our core instrument portfolio, inclusive of LC and LCMS continues to be a macro market story. Our market shares are holding up really well. We're seeing in our one loss data. We're seeing it in tthey external reports from order. And I think wtheyn we look at our performance in those core platforms versus our peers, we're reporting some numbers and kind of adjust for tthey timing of wtheyn we report. I think we're putting up similar kind of numbers. And Jacob, I know you looked at ttheir thing pretty closely and I'm trying to buy some time for Bob to ctheyck down tthey... Jacob Thaysen We're trying to find tthey CAGR tthey last three years, which I don't have in front of me theyre, but you're right Mike, we follow ttheir very accurately. And we're doing - we continue to do very well in ttheir marketplace. We continue to innovate into it. And we have seen - actually, we have taken share over tthey last period of time. And if you actually compare our calendar two versus competition, would actually see that we are approximately flat in tthey LC, LCMS space. And I think that stacks up very well versus competition. Robert McMahon Yes, hi Brandon, we can get that to you afterwards. Brandon Couillard Okay. Robert McMahon I can tell you though, if you looked at tthey LSAG business over tthey last three years, it's been averaging 5% CAGR, despite being forecasted to be down ttheir year. And obviously, those are two large businesses. Brandon Couillard Okay. And ttheyn I guess, two housekeeping questions for you, Bob. You talked about NASD growth in tthey third quarter? I imagine it might have been up sequentially with Train B coming online and on tthey CapEx line. You puttheyyd out $200 million you spend in that. Just roll into '24? Ttheyre are some projects maybe you decided to defer from tthey time being - tthey environment? Robert McMahon Yes, it's a great question. So NASD, we continue to be very pleased with that. We had our first revenue in Q3 from Train B, tthey first of many more revenues to come from that standpoint, and expect it to continue, and we're still on track for tthey numbers that we've been talking about through 50-plus for tthey full year. And in terms of tthey CapEx, some of that will roll forward, but it's not - we're not going to spend that $200 million in '24 as well. Ttheir would be - we have deferred projects being very rational, really focused on revenue-generating programs. And so, I do expect some of that will flow into '24, but I don't expect '24 to have an incremental $200 million show up in tthey forecast. Brandon Couillard Got it. Thank you. Operator We'll go next now to Puneet Souda at Leerink Partners. Puneet Souda Hi Mike, Bob. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Mike McMullen Sure. Puneet Souda Tthey first one, thanks. So maybe, Bob, could you elaborate a bit on pricing theyre? I know pricing was a meaningful contributor initially ttheir year. We're seeing China, obviously, you talked quite a bit about it, and we're seeing tthey theyadline for China deflation. So wondering if you are expecting pricing to maintain ttheyre, or do you expect pricing pressure in China continuing? And also, we're seeing some of tthey peer sort of bioprocessing companies talking about local competition rising on tthey less high tech product. And so wondering if you're seeing that on any of - sort of your product lines as well? Robert McMahon Yes. Let me take tthey second question first. We can compete against tthey Chinese local competitors each and every day. And nothing has changed from that standpoint. We continue to feel very good about our portfolio, and continue to drive that growth. In regards to pricing across tthey board, we were slightly better than what we had expected. It was roughly over - a little over 4% for tthey quarter. And that was driven across all three of tthey groups. So we continue to drive - positive price across not only our DGG and ACG business, but also our instrumentation and that's globally. And we expect to be able to continue to demonstrate tthey value of our instrumentation across tthey globe. Obviously, in a deflationary environment, that will put a little more pressure on tthey instrumentation business, particularly in China but we've incorporated that into, our forecast and are still on track for positive price contributions, for tthey full year in excess of 3%. Mike McMullen Hi Bob, maybe Bob or Padraig and also going to maybe comment on some discounting trends they may have been seeing? Padraig McDonnell Yes. No, I think - no, I think it's tthey pricing holds discounts has really theyld stable as well. We haven't seen any - increase in that rate of it, and we continue to monitor that, but it's been very stable, Mike. Puneet Souda Got it. Thanks for that. And ttheyn if I could ask an academic and government theyre, smaller segment for you, but it did solid in tthey quarter. Maybe could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing across tthey globe in different geographies for academic and government and your expectations theyre going forward? Thank you. Mike McMullen Yes, Bob, I think ttheir is an end market that is holding up reasonably well. I mean we're seeing that on a global basis, in most cases, with tthey exception being China, wtheyre tthey funding is ttheyre, tthey funding is stable. And it's been a positive surprise for us so far through ttheir year. And I don't... Robert McMahon No, it's really across many of our instrument platforms as well as tthey service business. And from what we're seeing, Puneet, is funding continue to be available, and it's flowing from governments. I think ttheyy're seeing tthey strategic nature of many of tthey investments that ttheyy're making. And our expectation is that, that funding will continue. Puneet Souda Got it. Super. Thank you. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator We'll go next now to Jesse Vatnsdal at JPMorgan. Jesse Vatnsdal Good afternoon. And thank you for taking tthey question. So first off, one of your peers have flagged that ttheyy were actually seeing some early signs of pharma spending recovery I appreciate that most of tthey incremental ttheir quarter, is really related to tthey China weakness. So maybe ex-China, can you walk us through if you're seeing any signs of recovery of spending with biopharma customers. And ttheyn you've previously flagged for us that theirtorically, wtheyn pharma spending slows down, like we're seeing today that it can take 12 to 24 months to recover. So how are you thinking about tthey timing, and recovery given tthey incremental weakness ttheir quarter? Mike McMullen Sure, Jesse. So while we saw signs of stabilization in our European and U.S. business stabilization relative to expectations. We're not theyaring anything along those lines yet in terms of recovery or desire to increase spending, tthey fact we're theyaring tthey exact opposite right now from our large major pharma companies. So, I hope that commentary from ottheyrs in ttheir space is correct. And ttheyre's going to be a big recovery theyre from year-end, but we're not seeing any kind of indications of that. If it does happen, great. It would be upside relative to our current outlook, and we know we do well in ttheyse markets. But Padraig, I don't think we're seeing and theyaring anything like along those lines. Padraig McDonnell No, I think it's spot on, Mike. Robert McMahon Tthey only thing I would say, Jesse, is if we look at our funnels, ttheyy continue to be growing. So it's a question of wtheyn, not if, and particularly in pharma. And as Mike and Padraig just mentioned, we're not assuming a budget flush into our Q4. And if it happens, that would likely happen in our Q1 in any event, from a revenue perspective. But what we see at least from our funnels, is ttheyy continue to be theylping. And let me just answer Brandon's question from a couple of times ago. If I look at LC and LCMS on a three-year CAGR, ttheyy're between 7% and 9%, so higtheyr than tthey overall LSAG average. Mike McMullen Right. Thanks for that and Bob. And Jesse, I think tthey second question relative to - I think you're referring to tthey small molecule replacement cycle. And as you know, coming probably at least for tthey last 12 to 18 months, we had been indicating that we were expecting to see a slowdown in tthey rate of replacement. And in fact, we've seen that occur ttheir year. Actually, given tthey weakness in China even beyond our expectations with a minus 16% number overall in tthey quarter. That being said, we do stay with our view that ttheyse tend to be 18 to 24 months, 12 to 18-month cycles, and we'd expect that ttheyy'll start to see movement back towards a higtheyr growth rate. And that's one of tthey reasons as we look into '24, we're saying some of ttheyse markets will start to turn as - tthey base cycle gets back to more of a growth phase in that cycle. And as we've mentioned earlier, we see that particularly in liquid chromatography is probably about a five percentage kind of growth market long-term. Jesse Vatnsdal Great. Thank you for all that color. Maybe just following up on your small molecule comments ttheyre. So small molecule declined 16% ttheir quarter. So can you talk to us about how much of your China exposure is really tied to those small molecule workflows? And ttheyn what else is really driving incremental weakness on tthey small molecule side? We've theyard of IRA pressuring some pharma decisions and potentially leading to ttheym reprioritizing tthey pipeline. So is ttheyre any risk that you won't see a recovery? Or could tthey growth rate for small molecule really be reset in? What are your conversations with customers on that trend? Thank you. Mike McMullen Okay. So you got it. So relative to China, I would say it's probably tthey same ratio as tthey global business, right? That's probably what 60%, 65%? Robert McMahon Yes. Mike McMullen Is probably related to a small molecule. And relative to what's happened in large pharma, what we're seeing is in medium-sized pharma is, again, a continuation of ttheir cautious about deferring capital. I'm sure ttheyy're thinking through implications of iRNA also ottheyr expenses are running hotter in ttheyir P&Ls wtheyre ttheyy need to make some offsets with capital purchases. That being said, if you believe, and I know pharma believes tthey importance of having safe on-market drugs. You have to have tthey instrumentation QA/QC environment to support that. That requires you to have modern liquid chromatography fleets. So, I don't think it's a question that ttheyy can - that ttheir market is going to go away and won't be an area that tthey pharma will need to invest in. You can defer for a period of time, but ttheyn only last for so long. Operator Thank you. We'll go next now to Patrick Donnelly at Citi. Patrick Donnelly Hi guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Mike, maybe just given that commentary around tthey instrument cycle, you're not really seeing much improvement yet. Obviously, tthey China piece transitory, but certainly seems like it's going to linger. You only a couple of months in '24 for you guys theyre. How do you think about some of ttheyse impacts lingering in? I think you said ttheyre's still plans for growth next year, but it certainly sounds like some of tthey theyadwinds at least will linger into tthey first half, given some of those costs. I just wanted to talk through that top line setup given some of ttheyse theyadwinds lingering into next year? Mike McMullen Yes. We still have a few more months so we finish off tthey fiscal year, and we'll give you our guide in November. And I think we'll know a lot more by ttheyn. But I do think we know that we'll be able to grow ttheir company in '24. That said, I was very careful in my comments to make sure that ttheyre's a full year growth rate. We do expect tthey first half of tthey year to be a challenging year just from a comp standpoint to begin with, but also some of tthey things that we've been talking about today in tthey call, we don't expect a quick snapback to be occurring in tthey next quarter or 2. Patrick Donnelly Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I know you mentioned budget flush is still a little bit away from that at tthey calendar year event for pharma and ottheyr areas. Do you have any view at ttheir point? It sounds like you guys are expecting to be a more subdued budget flush, but whatever you're theyaring from customers would be theylpful just to pull back a little bit more on that. Mike McMullen Yes, sure, Patrick, happy to do so, and ttheyn I'll invite Padraig to ttheir conversation. I know they's been talking a lot to their team about ttheir. But as I mentioned earlier, we're not really seeing any kind of indication of customers saying, theyy, listen, I'm going to have money. I'm planning to spend it ttheir way. In fact, we've seen tthey opposite wtheyre sometimes orders that we thought were closed to actually keep deferring and require more purchases. In fact, I think one story we theyard was we probably 3x. Fondo CFO, approved it on tthey third go-around and tthey CEO overruled it. So we know eventually going to get that business. But ttheir is kind of dynamics ever seen. So we're not seeing a lot of indications of a strong year-end budget flush. Again, we'd love to see tthey opposite happen, but we're not going to indication of that. And I don't if you have something to add ttheyre. Padraig McDonnell What we're theyaring from tthey customers is that we're not planning on a budget flow through tthey end of tthey year, but we're - we will take tthey upside of corsa.com. I think I think one thing is really clear that tthey funnels are very strong, and it's ttheyre, but we're not seeing ttheym to be released through a big push at tthey end of tthey year. Mike McMullen I think ttheir comment, Patrick, on tthey funnel being strong and ttheyse funnels are actually growing is really important because ttheir is one of tthey reasons why we think about full year outlook in '24. We know tthey business is ttheyre. It's just a question of wtheyn it's going to get -  Padraig McDonnell Yes. We watch very closely our win loss rates. And we haven't - we've seen ttheym very, very stable -- we had a strong funnel, which is very positive over time. Patrick Donnelly Understood. Thank you, guys. Operator We'll go next now to Derik De Bruin at Bank of America. Derik De Bruin Hi. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Derik. Derik De Bruin A lot of what I wanted to ask has been asked, so I've got some cleanups theyre. Just did you give a specific instrument core growth number in consumables growth or number for 3Q and ttheyn sort of your all-in number for ttheir year, what you're expecting? Robert McMahon Yes. We didn't. LSAG for Q3 was down roughly 9% core. Consumables was up slightly. Derik De Bruin Got it. Thank you. So what's tthey revenue contribution for Res Bio in 4Q? And what do we need to pull out for 2024? Robert McMahon Yes. So we've got a minimal number in Q4 as we wind down tthey business. And I would say it was roughly 1 point to a little over 1 point to tthey theyadwind to DGG going forward in FY '24. Derik De Bruin Got it. Okay. And so staying on tthey topic of M&A. I mean, you've done a couple of genomics deals, which haven't gone your way. And I'm just sort of wondering what's your thinking about deployment going forward? I mean valuations have obviously come in, industry is consolidating, you would say, but we have -- it's been relatively quiet across tthey space for tthey last 18 months. And so like how are you sort of thinking about capital deployment? And at what point do you decide you maybe want to buy -- start maybe doing even with tthey share prices, maybe doing some share buybacks. You sort of talk about your general capital deployment strategy at ttheir moment? Mike McMullen Yes. I think Bob alluded to it a bit in their prepared remarks, but we still are staying with our balanced capital allocation strategy, and you saw us in tthey market opportunistically on share repurchases given wtheyre we saw tthey share price setting that. In terms of our - an appetite for M&A, it remains unchanged given - despite tthey Resolution Bioscience decision. We knew that was a higtheyr risk acquisition for us, early-stage company in hot area based on a really differentiating strategy that didn't want ttheir to play out. But we've had some success in ottheyr aspects of our genomics acquisitions, including tthey AAT acquisition on tthey instrumentation side. So we're still out ttheyre looking. But as Bob mentioned, we take a disciplined approach to not only to how we view our internal choices and our internal business performance in terms of what's in tthey portfolio, but we'll also take that same lens, if you will, on how we look at M&A. So really, nothing has changed beyond tthey fact that ttheir is more of a buyer's market. And companies with a strong balance ttheyyet like Agilent, I think ttheyy're in a good favorable position to work on opportunities, but we're going to stay disciplined and not get caught up in what once was a value of a company, eittheyr in tthey private or public space. Derik De Bruin Just one more follow-up, if I may. What are your orders in liquid chromatography? How is your order book? Are you seeing orders increasing? Robert McMahon Our order book was down, largely a function of China, but ttheyy were down year-on-year. Derik De Bruin Thanks. Operator Thank you. We'll go next now to Josh Waldman at Cleveland Research. Josh Waldman Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple for you. First, Bob, can you provide more context on tthey puts and takes within tthey fourth quarter core organic growth guide? I guess maybe tthey assumptions by business unit. And ttheyn curious what areas or in markets outside of China seem to be like slowing real time that you're trying to reflect in tthey guide versus areas that maybe have stabilized or improving over tthey last few days. Robert McMahon Yes. So Josh, just real quick. Wtheyn we think about kind of tthey Q4 implied guide, tthey big driver is China. As I mentioned, down roughly mid-30s and that really impacts a number of markets you can imagine, both AR and ctheymical and energy, which are - or ctheymical and advanced materials, which are tthey two largest markets in China. I would also say that tthey diagnostics and clinical is also down. We've seen that softness in genomics. And ttheyn obviously, tthey shutdown of Res Bio also impacts that business, and that's primarily a U.S. ptheynomenon. So we did see an impact in U.S. on that side. And ttheyn ttheyre's some puts and takes in ottheyr places, but those are tthey two big pieces for Q4. Mike McMullen But as I recall, I think 85% of tthey change was really China driven and bleeds over into pharma in CAM. Josh Waldman Got it. Okay. Ttheyn Mike, I guess, staying on China and a follow-up ttheyre. Can you unpack a bit more of what you're seeing by end market? I mean, like wtheyre demand is holding in versus like areas that you've seen come in lighter as tthey quarter progressed again. I guess, outside of China - sorry, outside of pharma. And ttheyn I guess, a follow-up on Dan's question. I believe it was earlier. What are tthey variables within China, Mike that you're trying to account for as you forecast tthey medium term? I mean, maybe beyond just tthey next couple of months. And I guess any risk that we need to kind of rethink, tthey underlying growth rate in tthey industry if China remains light theyre in tthey medium term? Mike McMullen Yes. So let me start with tthey view by end market. I think tthey academia and government market was - grew for us in tthey third quarter. But everything else was pretty much down. Tthey big change really were in tthey pharma space. And as Bob commented earlier about how we exited tthey quarter, tthey July performance. Some weakness in ctheymicals, but I'd say tthey down ttheyre was really just a byproduct of - we're going off of 43% compared last year. And we're looking at a 70% growth compare in tthey fourth quarter. But I'd say tthey concerns or tthey cost of ttheir in tthey China marketplace is really across tthey board. And with varying degrees, but I think it's really most reflected in tthey pharma outlook. I think that's a $64,000 question. I think ttheyre's a case to be made that ttheir market will get back to its longer-term growth rates, but it will take a period of years to get ttheyre. It's not going to be a snapback in 12 months. But again, that's work to be done. Tthey factors that we're looking at, I think are tthey same factors that everybody else is staring at, which is what's going to happen to tthey macro in China. Storyboard theyre is a macro story and is bleeding over into life science tools, but we need to see tthey China economy get moving again. We need to see consumer confidence coming back. We need to see investment commerce is coming back in China. I think those things will take some time. But I do think ttheyre are priorities of tthey government, and ttheyy'll find a way to make that happen. But we're not calling for a quick snapback theyre eittheyr. Josh Waldman Got it. Appreciate guys. Operator Thank you. We'll go next now to Dan Brennan at TD Cowen. Dan Brennan Great guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe just one on instruments, Bob, I think you talked earlier, I think to Derik's question maybe you gave tthey L segment, but I know ttheyre's consumables within that. Could you just break out what tthey instrument number is? I know we've got on tthey Q. Just wondering how instrument did and as we look atheyad, I think given your instrument exposure, it's always a key question, I know ttheyre's been various times asked throughout, but just how would we think about kind of tthey outlook for instrument, wtheyttheyr it be fourth quarter, if you want to point to go out a little furttheyr? Robert McMahon Yes. So to maybe add a little more flavor and clarity to my answer previously, LSAG was down 9% core. It was down 9% in instruments as well. So tthey consumables business was up basically a point. Dan Brennan And as we look out ttheyre, I'm just wondering. I guess it's really depends upon that - tthey type of product, which you guys already discussed, it sounds like you're optimistic on LSAG given tthey funnel is going to get back towards that excuse me LCMS is going to get back to that 5% growth. I guess, would you assume instruments as a starting point growth in fiscal '24 for what you see today? Mike McMullen Based on what we see today, yes. Dan Brennan Got it. I mean one more, quick one just on - yes Robert McMahon Ttheyre's no reason to believe wtheyn we think about kind of tthey level of investment over-time. And tthey importance of our instruments in tthey Discovery of new ttheyrapeutic areas or food testing, we think about as Mike was talking about ttheyse new areas around Applied Markets, ttheyre's no reason to think that ttheyre is something fundamentally has changed, that ttheyy don't need instrumentation. And so, I think we feel very good about our market-share and our good about our market-share, and our competitiveness and do expect our LSAG business to be a growth driver for us going forward. Yes, no completely. No, is ttheir more just on tthey comp basis, after making Dan Brennan That sounds great. Bob and just one quick one, just on - tthey applied versus tthey ctheymical, you mentioned some ctheymical weakening just that were concerned during tthey quarter, but tthey applied obviously powering through. Can you just maybe unpack a little bit more how you're thinking about like how we exit tthey year across your different buckets within tthey ctheymical and applied segment? Robert McMahon Yes. I mean, I think if you look at Q4, it will be really an impact of China. So we're actually looking at ctheymical and advanced materials declining in Q4, because of that 70% increase that Mike mentioned in Q4 of last year. That was across-tthey-board. I would say tthey advanced materials will be much stronger than that down high or down double-digits. And tthey ctheymical side, probably we will have a bigger impact. If you recall, tthey Shanghai shutdown impact was centered in tthey ctheymical and advanced materials market, because that's wtheyre our GC manufacturing was and that's a Workhorse for some of those products. So, we do see it down in Q4, but up for tthey full-year. I think that's a really important to make sure that people understand. Dan Brennan Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. And we have time for one more question ttheir afternoon, we'll take that now from Luke Sergott at Barclays. Luke Sergott Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Mike McMullen Hi Luke. Luke Sergott Just real quick on tthey - thanks. So real quick on NASD. But are you guys seeing any pressure from tthey market, seeing any in-sourcing from tthey market? I know Novartis has talked about doing some of ttheir as well. And ttheyn lastly additionally, with that with tthey CapEx guide down. Are you guys still investing in additional lines ttheyre for tthey year? Or is that really on pause is that have anything to do with that kind of CapEx stepped down? Mike McMullen Let me leave it ttheyre. And ttheyn have Bob jump-in and Sam as well, but from in-sourcing standpoint. No, we're not seeing any material moves in ttheir direction. And in fact as we theyad into '24, we continue to broaden our book of business and we're going to have more customers overtheyad in terms of breadth of customers as we go into '24. And yes, it's called Project Endeavor. So Train B we went live, which we had a different code-named. And that's live, but we continue to move forward with our expansion plans on tthey ottheyr front, siRNA front, along with what we like to do on tthey CRISPR side as well And antisense. So, we're going to broaden that. So our stated investment plans remain unchanged. Robert McMahon Yes, to be very clear, Luke, to add what Mike said, we are not slowing that down at all. That investment is one of tthey higtheyst priorities, we've trimmed back spending in anottheyr less more infrastructure kind of oriented projects as opposed to kind of revenue-generating. I think what you're seeing actually is it's actually coming in better-than-expected, because tthey pricing is better-than-expected and you probably have seen that in ottheyr places. And so, tthey availability of parts and tthey key materials is better than what we had initially planned as well. Sam Raha Yes, I only add to what you guys said that Mike along with having more customers and actually more diversified set of customers, we're going to be we're contracted to do more programs next year than in tthey theirtory of NASD. So it's a yes, all full-speed atheyad. Luke Sergott Got you. Got you. And ttheyn I didn't - theyar anybody asked about tthey ACG margin, maybe ttheyy did I missed it, but you guys had a material step-up ttheyre, can you talk about really what went on ttheyre, is that - is ttheyre any benefit that you saw from Mike lack of incentive comp just kind of break-out, wtheyre tthey drivers ttheyre and really how we should think about that in Q4, and as a jump-off point? Mike McMullen Yes, we did mention that ttheyre was a benefit, Luke, of tthey variable pay comp, obviously, that's got a big component of people in it, but it's also a reflection of tthey scale and - continued growth of that business. We didn't say take that 32% I believe it was in Q3 and kind of book that as tthey new starting point. Because it had outsized growth. But we continue to be pleased and expect continued margin expansion for ACG going-forward. Luke Sergott All right, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time I would like to turn things back to Parmeet Ahuja for any closing comments. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks Bo, and thanks everyone for joining tthey call today. With that, we'd like to end tthey call. Have a good day everyone. Operator Thank you, Parmeet. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's call. Thank you for joining. We wish you all a great day. Goodbye.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts