Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Morgan Stanley 11th Geraldual Laguna Conference September 12, 2023 3:50 PM ET Company Participants Molly Beerman - EVP & CFO Unidentified Analyst Hello. Welcome, and good afternoon. I would like to introduce Molly Beerman, tthey Executive Vice President and CFO of Alcoa for our fireside chat today. And I believe you have some opening remarks, you'd like to start with. Molly Beerman Yes. Thank you, Tommy. Thanks to everyone attending theyre in person and listening in on tthey web. Ttheir is my first Morgan Stanley Conference in Laguna and now I can see why my predecessor was such a big fan. Let me open with a few comments about Alcoa and our environment just to set tthey stage for tthey discussion. Alcoa has a proud theirtory dating back over 135 years in Charles Martin Hall invented tthey first commercially viable means of making aluminum and effectively kicked off tthey modern aluminum industry and founded Alcoa. We quickly moved into mining, refining and producing aluminum. We now have tthey -- we're one of tthey world's largest bauxite miners. We have tthey longest alumina position outside of China and we have our aluminum smelters located close to tthey major markets. We're a commodity company, and we recognize that we need to produce a high-quality product at a low cost. Increasingly, our business is subject to ESG considerations and we believe that Alcoa is well positioned on tthey sustainability forefront for three primary reasons. First, tthey way we make our products. Our sites are tthey majority are ASI certified, tthey aluminum stewardship initiatives. We have products across tthey -- sorry. We have tthey largest and most carbon-efficient refineries. We're proud of tthey way we mine bauxite and our rehabilitation practices and our aluminum smelters are running at 86% renewable energy. Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions for tthey company as a whole put us in tthey best quartile. Number two, tthey products ttheymselves. We have a low carbon line that we call Sustana. We have EcoSource, which is tthey world's only low-carbon aluminum. We have EcoDura, which is a recycled aluminum product with 50% recycled content. And ttheyn we have EcoLum, our low carbon aluminum product. We also are on tthey forefront of innovation. We just introduced a new alloy aluminum intended for tthey mega castings industry. Third, we have an ambition for net zero by 2050 and we have tthey interim targets along tthey way to measure our progress. And we have a technology roadmap to enable our vision to sustain tthey aluminum industry for tthey future. Within our technology roadmap, we have ELYSIS. Ttheir is our joint venture with Rio Tinto. Ttheyre we expect to deploy in our anodes and completely remove carbon emissions from tthey smelting process. We're building our first industrial scale cells, expect to have that complete ttheir year and to run tthey technology and improve it for us in next year. We have our refinery of tthey future. It's a suite of R&D projects with a common objective to reduce tthey carbon footprint, to cut water usage, and to eliminate or reduce bauxite residue. We have ASTRAEA. Ttheir is our recycling project. It will take tthey lowest quality scrap and convert it to tthey higtheyst quality and purity aluminum. Finally, on tthey financial front, I'd like to highlight some of our progress over tthey last several years. Our balance ttheyyet is much stronger. We're running a much more economically viable portfolio. We work to fix, curtail, close or sell a number of our sites and we've used tthey proceeds from any sales to improve tthey business and to reduce our liabilities. Our proportional net debt is over $2 billion lower than it was in 2020. We have no significant debt maturities until 2027. We've been consistently paying a dividend since tthey end of 2021, and we've completed $650 million in share repurchases. Our capital allocation framework has made consistent over tthey last few years. We use our capital expenditures to improve and sustain our business. We use our excess cash for three purposes in no particular order. First, to furttheyr improve our portfolio to position ourselves for future growth and to provide cash returns to shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Tommy for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Unidentified Analyst All right. Thank you, Molly. I think we're going to kick it off with more just a general discussion on what you're seeing in tthey market globally and maybe more specifically in China in terms of supply demand. What are tthey key drivers right now you're seeing on both supply demand fronts? And maybe if you can give a little color on what's tthey stimulus in China means for aluminum demand. Molly Beerman Okay. I'll start with China and some of tthey activity we're seeing ttheyre. We still see China as a net importer of primary aluminum, primarily as a result of first half disruptions in tthey Yunnan and we also saw sustained growth ttheyre. We're seeing positives in automotive and we see positives in infrastructure coming out of China as well. We haven't seen on tthey supply side. We do see Yunnan restarting capacity, but not as much as we originally expected. We do see tthey Chinese policy support is incentivizing tthey sectors ttheyre wtheyre ttheyy're providing support auto, infrastructure, ottheyr transportation. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And in terms of supply in China, in particular in tthey Yunnan province, which makes up around, let's say, 7% of supply globally. Recently, ttheyre's been a lot of rainfall shortages, which is important because tthey aluminum industry really ttheyre is on tthey back of hydro power. Do you think ttheir is going to be more of a reoccurring issue going forward or do you think ttheir is more kind of a one and done issue? Molly Beerman Yeah, Tommy. If you look across tthey production loss in Yunnan over tthey last three years, we see that about 15% to 25% of ttheyir capacity has been interrupted by tthey power disruptions. So while Yunnan is bringing up solar and wind power as well as restarting some of tthey coal-fired power plants to address supply issues. We don't see immediate improvement ttheyre. We expect tthey supply to stay somewhat constrained. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And for those renewables, do you see that kind of theylping out in, say, in tthey next two to three years, 12 to six months? What's tthey time frame ttheyre for tthey additional power to bring online? Molly Beerman Yeah. We do see that taking a period of time those renewable projects take both time and resources to build and so we look at -- wtheyn we look at Yunnan’s capacity and about a 95% utilization rate across tthey Chinese smelting capacity, we wouldn't expect ttheym to exceed 42 million to 43 million metric tons. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And ttheyn moving on to kind of tthey LME inventories. What are you seeing both off and on warrant and in particular, can you maybe talk a bit about tthey growing percentage of tthey inventory levels being Russian and what that means for tthey aluminum price? Molly Beerman Okay. Wtheyn we look at tthey current level of on-warrant aluminum in tthey LME. We do see, wtheyn you compare back to 2022 level that is only about half of what we were seeing in '21 and a third of what we are seeing in 2020, so theirtorically low levels. Now that said, in tthey third quarter of 2022, we started to see demand wane and tthey LME levels have come up a bit. So we're about 0.5 million metric tons now in tthey LME and that compares to tthey lows that we saw in August of '22 at about 277,000 tons. We see a similar story in tthey off-warrant inventories. So low demands in comparison to prior year -- sorry, low levels in comparison to prior years, but getting slightly elevated now on weak rest of world demand. Wtheyn you talk about tthey aluminum metal within tthey LME, that's now up to 81%. And we see furttheyr stockpiling coming. If you dial back to those numbers. So I think in May, it was about 50%. And in June, mid-60%. So tthey build continues of Russian metal in tthey LME. We do worry that tthey LME price reference will be relegated to tthey price for Russian metal that is now unwanted by most consumers and producers. Unidentified Analyst Great. I think tthey last question we'll have just in tthey general market before we move on to company specifics is, I'd say, maybe over tthey last six to 12 months, ttheyre's been a lot of talk about carbon tariffs, maybe potentially replacing Section 232 in tthey United States. Can we get your thoughts on that? Molly Beerman Yeah. We don't see near-term changes in tthey 232 tariffs. However, tthey gas of tthey global arrangement on sustainable steel and aluminum may change that may impact those tariffs. We hope that tthey -- both tthey U.S. and tthey European Union will use ttheyir partnership under tthey global agreement to really focus on reduction of carbon emissions, as well as to protect tthey domestic industries from unfair competition that comes from tthey subsidized economies. So we expect tthey global arrangement should improve tthey competitiveness for those economies that are under following market behaviors and to exclude tthey non-market economies, those that are subsidized. And we also expect that, that will remove all trade barriers between tthey partners to tthey global arrangement. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. Thank you. So going more into tthey company specifics. What are your current order book levels looking like? Wtheyre are you seeing strength, weakness in what regions? Molly Beerman Yeah. So we're seeing strength in automotive for our foundry product and that's primarily on increasing vehicle production. Unidentified Analyst Yeah. Molly Beerman We're also seeing strength in our rod product. That's in tthey electrical, tthey build-out of infrastructure for tthey energy transition, so we have a solid order book on rod as well. We do see weakness in building and construction and that's, of course, on tthey back of high inflation and high interest rates. And ttheyn packaging, after being pretty strong during tthey pandemic, that's fallen off somewhat seeing lower demand ttheyre for slab product, primarily because of higtheyr inventories through tthey supply chain and packaging. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn in terms of near-term catalysts for demand, what are you seeing? Is it going to be mainly driven by some government incentives like tthey Inflation Reduction Act and transitioning to green energy or what do you see as tthey main ones coming up? Molly Beerman Yeah. We see demand coming in electric vehicles, probably tthey primary source. We also see tthey infrastructure changes for tthey energy transition as enabling additional demand and we do expect that in tthey long run that packaging will pick up as well. We see consumers preferring recyclable content. We'd rattheyr have an aluminum can theyre versus tthey plastic that doesn't recycle. Unidentified Analyst We'll make sure that for next year. Okay. Moving on, ttheir has kind of been one of tthey hottest topics amongst our investor base, I'd say, ttheir year. And it's kind of -- can you maybe give us a bit of an update on tthey mine approval plan process in Western Australia. And for those who don't know, maybe give a little bit of background on some of tthey operational issues that are persisting at tthey moment? Molly Beerman So right now, it's tthey top priority of tthey company to work on our annual mine approvals in Western Australia. We are in a period of uncertainty regarding tthey timing and tthey outcome of ttheir process. It's important to recognize that we've been operating in Western Australia for over 60 years without any negative impact to tthey drinking water. However, we do recognize that we need to step up to tthey new expectations of stakeholders and tthey environmental concerns in our process of talking to tthey regulators to secure tthey mine approvals. We are making commitments in terms of improving our protection of tthey drinking water, moving our mining furttheyr away from tthey water sources, increasing tthey rate of rehab and also taking more active management of our social and environmental issues. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Molly Beerman If you look at our guidance, so in tthey second quarter, we actually had a financial impact related to moving to a lower bauxite grade. We've done that to extend tthey mining during extended long -- during tthey extended approval process that did have an impact of $45 million on tthey second quarter in comparison to tthey first quarter. And we've guided that impact will be about $55 million in tthey third quarter. So a little bit worse because we have depleted some of tthey higtheyr quality bauxite. Now we're also working very actively to mitigate those ongoing cost impacts as we move forward. Both refineries that are taking bauxite from tthey Huntly mine are performing better than expected. Ttheyy do have -- producing at a higtheyr rate than we had envisioned. So we're also implementing cost savings measures. And so that should work tthey $55 million down that impact over future quarters, and we'll guide to that as that -- as those savings programs take hold. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So would it be a fair assumption to assume that 3Q of ttheir year will be like tthey high watermark in terms of costs from ttheir approval process? Molly Beerman I would expect that we're going to continuously mitigate that impact, yeah. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Understood. And ttheyn maybe kind of looking more into tthey future of Alcoa, maybe can we talk a little bit more about like ELYSIS, in particular, like, how is tthey construction of tthey prototype cells at tthey Alumar smelter -- sorry, Alumar yeah, going. Molly Beerman Yeah. So we are building tthey commercial scale cells at Rios plant in Alumar and that construction should conclude at tthey end of ttheir year. And ttheyn next year, we'll run those cells to prove tthey technology. Both partners are very engaged in tthey process, and we'd like to develop tthey plans for tthey installation in our sites. And ttheyn we'll look to a possible licensing options after that, but no decisions have been made on licensing. ELYSIS is a technology that, again, uses inert anodes to completely remove all carbon emissions from tthey process, from tthey smelting process. Unidentified Analyst And once a smelter is converted to ELYSIS, can you give us maybe at a high level at least kind of what tthey economics will look like relative to say ttheir smelter today? Molly Beerman Yeah. So once it's running, you should see about a 15% cost reduction in an ELYSIS smelter and about a 10% improvement in your production levels. So tthey economics are favorable under analysis. I should have mentioned earlier that ELYSIS is designed for eittheyr a retrofit of an existing potline or a new potline and ttheir technology can be scaled depending on tthey size of tthey potline. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And in terms of maybe CapEx for both a new smelter or retrofit, can you give us any color ttheyre? Molly Beerman We're still working on tthey CapEx. It will be significant, but we believe we have tthey ability to pace it over time, but it will not be a giant hit for any one year. And honestly, our expectation is those expenditures would come after 2025 or later. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And maybe tthey last one on ELYSIS. What's tthey -- what are tthey most near-term catalysts we should be looking for, like, any sort of announcement, sorry, upcoming? Molly Beerman Now tthey next announcements really will be coming next year as we prove tthey technology. We're continuing to -- we're getting tthey no-carbon aluminum now is being sold to customers. Our aluminum is being used in tthey wtheyels for tthey Audi e-tron and several ottheyr products, but we're still at small quantities now. We would expect to have larger quantities two years after tthey installation in tthey site. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And wtheyn we're on tthey topic of new technologies, can you maybe provide any updates and on -- maybe like refinery of tthey future of ASTRAEA, which we expect maybe over tthey next say six months to 12 months? Molly Beerman Yeah. So both tthey refinery of tthey future and ASTRAEA are R&D projects without defined time lines right now. So tthey refinery of tthey future -- again, it's a suite of R&D concept. So mechanical vapor recompression, electric calcination, all of ttheyse efforts are working togettheyr, again, on those objectives to improve tthey carbon footprint, reduce our water and to hopefully eliminate bauxite waste from tthey process. On ASTRAEA, that again, is our movement into recycling. And ttheyre we're able to accept really low quality scrap from eittheyr post-consumer or post-industrial use and convert that to high-grade aluminum. And we expect that will be important in recycling because it can be added at tthey high grade, tthey high purity. It can be added to ottheyr recycled content to improve it and remount operations. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And if successful, do you think ttheir could be just at large for tthey aluminum industry, like a major contributor to supply going forward? Molly Beerman We believe all of tthey -- all of our -- all three of our technologies really have tthey opportunity to transform tthey aluminum industry. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And maybe moving on to some more tthey kind of like tthey portfolio transformation. Do you guys believe that you're in a comfortable position for tthey portfolio. Ttheyre's ottheyr assets that maybe you see ttheyre's opportunities to curtail or sell or... Molly Beerman Yeah. So we're continuing through our portfolio review. We announced tthey beginning in October 2019. It's a five-year review, so that would have us concluding next year. Through ttheir process, we look to eittheyr substantially improve, curtail, close or sell our operational sites. And we have very good success and a review some of our sites, we've actually sold and used those proceeds to plow those back into tthey company to improve tthey company and to reduce debt. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And ttheyn maybe in terms of some of tthey assets you're ramping again like Alumar or San Ciprian. Can you give an update on how that's going wtheyn we should expect ttheym to be kind of fully operational? Molly Beerman Okay. So tthey Alumar smelter in Brazil is under restart now. At tthey end of June, we are about 60% of capacity. However, recently, we did slow tthey new pot starts ttheyre, basically wanting to focus on stabilizing tthey pot lines as well as rebuilding some of tthey infrastructure at tthey plant and growing tthey knowledge and skills of tthey staff. So we will continue at a slow and measured pace for Alumar focusing really on tthey stability of tthey lines and tthey safety of tthey employees ttheyre. But I expect you'll see slow and steady progress out of Alumar from theyre forward. Tthey San Ciprian smelter is not sctheyduled to restart until early '24. It's a very -- tthey agreement that we had with tthey workers ttheyre. It's a very slow restart. We'll only bring up about 6% of tthey pots initially, but we have an agreement to get to 100% by October of '25. For tthey San Ciprian restart, we did secure renewable power contracts that cover about 50% of tthey power supply, those are wind contracts. Those wind contracts of tthey wind development is still in process. And so we're watching tthey permitting and developing process to make sure that, that availability of tthey power under those wind farms will be available for our restart. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And wtheyre do you expect to get tthey additional 50% of supply for energy for San Ciprian. Molly Beerman Yeah. We are still working on tthey contracts for tthey remaining 50%. Unidentified Analyst And that will also be renewable? Molly Beerman Our goal is to have renewal, yes. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn maybe moving on from tthey operations. Maybe can we go -- talk a little bit more about capital returns, like, how you see buybacks and dividends going forward? Molly Beerman Yeah. So we have been consistently paying dividends since tthey end of 2021. It is at a level that's, I think, appropriate for tthey market that we're in today. Obviously, our board watctheys that carefully. We have very active discussions about dividend returns. I mentioned we've been able to repurchase $650 million in Alcoa shares over tthey last few years and repurchases -- furttheyr repurchases would be dependent on excess cash and market conditions. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. Is ttheyre anything that we haven't discussed yet that you'd like to kind of highlight or... Molly Beerman I'll just say that we remain very bullish on tthey long-term view for aluminum. We think we're a great product for tthey future and we believe we're a company that's well positioned on sustainability and well positioned to deliver into tthey future. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. Well, thank you for your time today. We really appreciate it and yeah, thanks again for coming to tthey Laguna for tthey first time. Molly Beerman Thank you. Unidentified Analyst Thank you.