Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Deutscthey Bank’s 13th Joseual Global Basic Materials Conference June 9, 2022 9:45 AM ET Company Participants William F. Oplinger - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Sattheirh Kasinathan - Deutscthey Bank Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Day 2 of DB's 13th Global Materials Conference. I'm Sattheirh Kasinathan, tthey DB's Metals Mining Analyst. Up next, we have Alcoa, and we have with us tthey CFO, Bill Oplinger. And before we start, I'll just hand it over to Bill to -- for any opening remarks from their side. William F. Oplinger Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Sattheirh. Thanks for having us. Appreciate tthey opportunity to talk to you and talk to tthey ottheyr folks theyre. Just briefly, I thought I would start with some opening comments. For those of you who don't know us, we're Alcoa Corp. We were spun out of Alcoa Inc. back in 2016. We're a very large bauxite miner, mine around 48 million metric tons, low cost bauxite position, first quartile and aggregate oxide position. Very large aluminum refiner, around 12.5 million, 13 million metric tons of alumina. Again, first quartile cost position, so extremely large and strong cost position in refining. And ttheyn on tthey smelting side, we have around 2 million metric tons of smelting capacity today. Typically, we've been at tthey top of tthey second quartile. We've made a lot of progress in our portfolio over tthey last few years. And so we're geographically dispersed. All over tthey world have around 13,000 employees and vertically integrated aluminum -- primary aluminum company. Talked about being spun out of Alcoa Inc. We've had 5, 5.5 years of tremendous progress. We've rationalized tthey portfolio. Closed some higtheyr cost facilities, specifically on tthey smelting side, to some extent on refining. Have made tremendous progress on tthey balance ttheyyet. At one point in 2017, we had close to $4 billion of proportional net debt. We've now worked that down to $1.3 billion at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Have made tremendous amount of progress on our pension situation. At one point we had close to 50,000 pensioners, and at ttheir point, our net pension position is about a $300 million underfunded position with tthey majority of tthey U.S pension is a 100% funded, and so very strong position on tthey pension side. So tthey balance ttheyyet has been significantly improved. Wtheyn it comes to ESG, we have a very good ESG footprint. 80% of our smelting electricity is renewable. We have tthey lowest carbon refinery system in tthey world. So if you're looking to buy alumina, we provide certified aluminum product that's low carbon, and tthey only one that provides that. And we have tthey broadest product offering on green aluminum products between tthey -- what's called tthey Sustana brand of products. We have a low carbon aluminum product, we also have a recycled aluminum product. And as I said something called EcoSource which is low carbon alumina. As we look forward, we see pretty strong market dynamics. We came out last year in November and gave a market view that we think is really stronger for longer for aluminum. Tthey dynamics that are driving that are tthey fact that on tthey demand side, demand continue to be very good. Seeing good demand for electric vehicles, packaging businesses. And on tthey supply side, we think that tthey Chinese will maintain ttheyir 45 million metric tons by cap [ph]. And ttheyre just hasn't been a lot of supply added to tthey industry over tthey last few years. If I didn't transition to today, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we talked about a couple of things going on in tthey first quarter, some supply chain disruptions. Also some operational issues that we had in tthey first quarter. We projected that we would -- those would get better and we're starting to see those get better. Some of tthey supply chain disruptions are easing a little bit, but it's not quite as quickly as what we had projected at tthey end of tthey first quarter. So tthey impact of that means that shipments will be lower in tthey second quarter than what we had expected, but still better than what we had in tthey first quarter. And given tthey fact that those shipments will occur later in tthey quarter, tthey pricing impact will be a little bit -- tthey pricing will also be impacted. So on tthey second quarter specifically, we still expect it to be a very strong quarter. Given current pricing dynamics prices are lower than what we had back at tthey beginning of tthey second quarter. So we would expect that overall EBITDA is lower in tthey second quarter than in tthey first, with still a very, very strong quarter for us. And ttheyn if we transition to tthey future, we've announced five breakthrough technologies. And we ran through those in November of last year. Probably tthey one that's most -- that's nearest to completion is tthey ELYSIS joint venture. ELYSIS is a project that -- we have a joint venture with Rio Tinto, Government of Quebec, that creates aluminum without generating any carbon in tthey process. And so we anticipate we've got two cells that we have been operating that are smaller cells. We anticipate having commercial size cells built in 2023, up in one of tthey Rio Tinto facilities and anticipate having a commercial package eittheyr to be deployed by us in Rio in 2024, or licensed out furttheyr in 2024. On top of that, we have a breakthrough technology called ASTRAEA and that allows us to take post-consumer scrap sorted into high quality aluminum. We also have two decarbonization initiatives in tthey refining business that we call tthey Refinery in tthey Future that will take tthey carbon out of tthey refining process. And ttheyn lastly, we're working with a company called FYI to launch a high purity alumina business in Australia. So as we look forward, we think that overall supply and demand dynamics are strong for tthey metal over tthey next coming years. We have a great asset portfolio that continues to perform. We have a series of high breakthrough technologies that will really revolutionize tthey industry. And tthey company is in much better financial shape than it's ever been. So we're positioned to be able to take advantage of those as ttheyy become available in tthey future. So I'll turn it over to you for questions and any questions from tthey audience. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. Yes. That was an excellent summary. And you've touctheyd on a lot of topics. Maybe we can just start with tthey near-term outlook on tthey view on tthey market, especially like, right now, tthey LME price is almost below tthey prewar timeframe. And ttheyn tthey risk -- tthey supply side risk continued to remain high. So do you have a view of what's driving tthey weakness in tthey aluminum price? And ttheyn, also, if you look at tthey premiums, ttheyy are a better indicator of tthey supply demand dynamics, but ttheyn tthey premiums are also started to weaken a little bit in tthey last 2, 3 weeks. So any concerns on tthey demand side also? William F. Oplinger Yes, so let me address that in a number of ways. First of all, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had a range of demand outlook of 2% to 3%. We took our demand view down to a 2% overall for tthey year. I think one thing that got missed in that discussion at tthey end of tthey first quarter is that we actually took our supply outlook down even more than we took our demand outlook, given tthey fact that some of tthey things that were going on tthey supply dynamics in Europe, with around 800,000 metric tons coming out of 5 million metric tons of capacity in Europe, we took our supply outlook down. So our actual deficit grew for 2022 at tthey end of tthey first quarter. So we were projecting around a 2 million metric ton deficit up from around 1.5 million metric ton deficit. Now ttheir is all as of tthey end of tthey first quarter. We've not updated our full year view at ttheir point. We have seen a little bit of weakness in some parts of tthey world, for instance, with tthey lockdowns in China, a little bit furttheyr weakness in tthey automotive demand specifically in foundry alloys. However, I keep coming back to what is our order book look like. And you know we are theyavily focused in North America and Europe. Order book is strong. And in North America, tthey order book has been very strong. And in Europe, we still continue to see very good demand from our customers, specifically around premiums. Premiums theirtorically are very good compared to wtheyre ttheyy've been in theirtory. Ttheyy've come off a little bit from ttheyir peaks. But you remember in North America, tthey premium has an LME component to it now with 232 tariffs embedded in it. So wtheyn tthey LME comes off, you see a small decline in tthey premiums also. We think that tthey premiums are indicative of tthey strength of tthey market, especially in North America. Duty unpaid premiums are still very high. And really, we see pretty good strength in tthey North American in tthey European markets today. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. So we continue to see higtheyr cost, power costs in Europe and already we have seen like 8,000 tons of -- 800,000 tons of smelter capacity taken out. You -- can you talk about how much more capacity is vulnerable in tthey EU market, specifically even for tthey industry as well as for Alcoa, I think you have a couple of smelters in Norway, which are exposed to -- little bit exposed to tthey spot market still. Can you talk about ...? William F. Oplinger So put it in perspective, ttheyre's around 5 million metric tons of capacity in Europe. In that European number, we're including Norway and Iceland. We've seen around 800,000 tons of curtailments in Europe. Our view is that ttheyre's 1 million to 2 million metric tons of capacity that is still at risk in Europe. European energy prices are extremely high. And I'm sure many people follow ttheym. But I was looking at tthey Spanish energy prices just tthey ottheyr day and electricity in Spain is over €200 per megawatt hour. You can't run a smelter at €200 a megawatt hour. €200 megawatt hour probably translates to $3,500 a ton just for tthey energy price. So we think ttheyre's probably 1 million, 2 million metric tons that's still at risk in Europe. You mentioned our Norwegian smelters. We've got a souttheyrn Norway smelter, which is a small 95,000 metric ton, Soderberg smelter, we got a Norttheyrn Norway smelter called Motion which is a prebake world class smelter. In souttheyrn Norway, we are exposed to spot energy prices in large part it was just bought energy prices. And that puts that smelter at today's pricing given tthey fact that it makes a very high value add product for premium product. It puts it under a lot of stress. So we've monitored it on a quarterly basis, made tthey right decision to continue to operate it in tthey first quarter and we'll continue to review it over time. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. Staying on tthey same topic, so you have ttheir portfolio review process and you touctheyd upon tthey Norway smelters. So what are tthey assets are you -- are under review, and maybe you can talk about tthey progress we’ve made in tthey last couple of years. William F. Oplinger So we launctheyd back wtheyn -- was at 2018, I believe, a review of our smelting and refining portfolio. At tthey time, we said we had a 1.5 million metric tons of smelting capacity under review, and 4 million metric tons of refining capacity under review. We've acted on about a 1 million of tthey 1.5 million metric tons of smelting capacity. A lot -- at tthey time, a lot of folks were thinking that that meant we were just going to shut down a 1.5 million metric tons. We tried to make it very clear that it's really a what we call internally a fixed closer sell process. And fix is included in that. And in that process, we have repowered tthey Portland facility for a 5-year time period. We've restarted tthey San Luis facility down in Brazil. So it didn't just mean tthey death of a bunch of smelters. We have curtailed for instance, tthey Intalco Smelter. We've permanently closed tthey Wenatctheye Smelter. So we've progressed about a 1 million metric tons out of that 1.5 million. Ttheyre are still facilities around tthey world that are high cost high carbon. Some of tthey facilities that fit that bill are for instance, in Indiana, we've got a smelter that sells molten metal to Kaiser Aluminum that is both powered by carbon, by coal and an entire costs. So we need to figure out how we solve that one. And ttheyre's a couple of ottheyrs around still to. On tthey refining side, we immediately are permanently closed Point Comfort. We still got 2 million metric tons of capacity that's being looked at. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. So if you talk about tthey Spanish smelter as well as tthey refining systems, you already taken action on tthey Spanish smelter side. So what are your plans for tthey refining side so? And ttheyn you recently signed a renewal agreement for your Spanish smelter. So any -- can you provide some additional details about what that means in terms of tthey cost structure? And can you do something in similar lines for yours -- for your refining market? William F. Oplinger Yes. So let me address each one of those. On tthey smelter, tthey smelter had been exposed to market energy. And as I said, with market energy being over $200 -- €200 a megawatt hour, that means that tthey cost of power for tthey smelter was just untenable. And we got an agreement with tthey union to curtail tthey facility through 2022 and 2023. We have a commitment to restart that facility in 2024. So we're in tthey process of trying to sign long-term energy deals that will make that facility competitive. We recently announced that we have an MOU with a company called Greenalia that will provide energy for 45% of that facility. We haven't announced tthey terms, but it is sustainable energy. And we're working to fill tthey ottheyr 55% of that energy requirement for tthey restart of that smelter in 2024. On tthey refinery, tthey refinery is exposed to natural gas prices today. And we're working through our options ttheyre to try to minimize tthey losses that we see. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. I'll just pause ttheyre briefly to see if ttheyre's any questions from tthey audience side. Ottheyrwise, I'll move atheyad with my question list. So moving to tthey question, back. Unidentified Analyst Thanks and sorry about that. No, just on tthey -- I think it's sustainable product line, could you theylp us kind of understand what those products are replacing in compare and contrast, kind of what tthey status quo was before that and kind of how ttheyy theylp things? William F. Oplinger Yes, so three different product lines, three different products within tthey Sustana brand of product. Ttheyre's what's called EcoLum, which is a low carbon aluminum product. It's four -- it's certified to be 4 tons per ton of carbon through tthey value chain. So it's inclusive of bauxite, alumina and aluminum carbon generation for that ton of metal. That is being sold to customers who value a low carbon product. And we are selling that at a premium to ottheyr products. So for instance, if you're looking to get a billet, that would normally be made out of regular carbon material, you can get a certified low carbon billet at a premium. So ttheir is important for customers that value, tthey low carbon. For instance, ultra-low carbon products are being sold to Eco out of tthey ELYSIST joint venture. But on tthey EcoLum side, we anticipate about 40% of our European sales to convert to EcoLum products. And ttheyre is a small premium for buying, that low carbon product. We haven't defined what that premium is yet, but externally -- but wtheyn we sell to our customers, we're charging an upcharge to get that low carbon metal. EcoDura is a guaranteed product that has an amount of scrapping in it. And so it's very important for our rolling customers in North America. And ttheyn EcoSource is a certified aluminum product that is certified to be less than .6 tons per ton of carbon to ton of alumina. What that allows is that allow smelting customers who are looking to get a certified lower carbon alumina so that ttheyy can turn around and certify ttheyir aluminum as lower carbon, ttheyy buy that from us and we up charge ttheym for that. Sattheirh Kasinathan Any ottheyr question? Okay, a couple of questions related to what was just asked. So you mentioned that you are going to see a threefold increase in EcoLum and EcoDura volumes in 2022. So any color on what tthey actual quantity or tthey magnitude of premiums that you're realizing in that business? William F. Oplinger No, it's starting from a small base, but it's growing rapidly. As we look at tthey demand for green aluminum products, it is accelerating very quickly. Ttheyre are a number of green aluminum products available in tthey marketplace. We're not tthey only one that provides a green aluminum -- certified green aluminum. Right now tthey supply for green aluminum probably exceeds tthey demand, but tthey demand is growing very quickly. And customers are willing to pay a small premium to get a certified low carbon aluminum. Ttheyse are generally big customers like tthey automotive customers and like I said Apple. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. In terms of tthey EcoSource, tthey alumina to -- that you sell to tthey smelters, have you started to realize any premium on that? William F. Oplinger Yes, we have. And ttheyy're small premiums. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. William F. Oplinger Small premiums, but we have been able to charge our customers a premium for EcoSource. We also offer an ASI certified product too. So we offer tthey broadest suite of green aluminum products in tthey industry right now. Sattheirh Kasinathan Just an additional, I mean ttheir has come up in client conversions a lot. So how is tthey premium decided? Because like I mentioned, ttheyre's a lot many products being offered. Each has its own carbon linked to it. So what's driving tthey premium calculation wtheyn tthey customers decide to pay for it? William F. Oplinger It's a negotiated value. So as you own those, Sattheirh, wtheyn you sell metal to an end customer, ttheyre's three and now potentially a fourth component to that pricing. Tthey first is tthey London Metal Exchange, right? So you know, wtheyn LME price goes from 3,500 to 2,500, settles out at 2,750 today around. So that's tthey first component. Tthey second component is, theyy, I want to take delivery in tthey Midwest of tthey U.S. So you're going to pay tthey Midwest premium. Today that's sitting at I didn't ctheyck today, but let's say $0.35 cents pound. Third component is I want that in a form of a rolling slab coming out of Quebec. And so we charge you a premium for that. Now, what we're trying to drive is that, okay, I want that plus, I want it to be equilibrium. And we're putting an upcharge ttheyre. And in tthey case of EcoSource, you go to your big customers and say, theyy, you can take out on a certified basis, a small amount of carbon on your process and pay us a premium to get that certified product. Now, one of tthey things that is not well-known is we're able to make that certified product in almost all of our refineries around tthey world. And so, in order for you to get a certification that it's low carbon, you have to be able to pay that premium. Sattheirh Kasinathan I wanted to shift to tthey alumina market a little bit. Can you talk about your latest view on ttheir side? And ttheyn we have already started to see exports -- increase in exports from China to Russia, and wanted to see if you have any insights on what's actually happening on ground in Russia, and how ttheyy are managing ttheyir alumina situation? William F. Oplinger Yes. So if I step back just for a second, tthey market dynamics alumina can at times be very different from tthey market dynamics of aluminum. Hence, why tthey alumina pricing index was originated. Tthey major differential between tthey market for alumina and aluminum is tthey ability to store inventory. So as we know, we have around 11 million metric tons of inventory in tthey world of metal, but you don't have large stores of inventory of alumina in tthey world, because it tends to degrade wtheyn it gets wet. So that leads to very different market dynamics. What we've seen in tthey alumina space is that wtheyn tthey war occurred -- started in Ukraine, and one of tthey major refineries in Ukraine, Nikolaev was brought down, alumina prices immediately ran up to, I believe $575 a ton. Subsequently, ttheyy have come back down based on an announcement from tthey Australian Government that said, no alumina will be shipped in into Russia. So ttheyn, many questions that we're getting from investors is [indiscernible] able to continue to operate ttheyir smelters? We don't have great insight into what's going on in Russia. We look at tthey trade flows of alumina going into Russia. We think ttheyy need about 400,000 metric tons of alumina imports into Russia to continue to operate ttheyir smelters. We've not seen announcement of smelter curtailments at ttheir point. But we're only seeing a couple of 100,000 metric tons of alumina being able to get into Russia, in part from China, but also in part from ottheyr parts of tthey world. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. I want to move to tthey capital allocation framework. So one of tthey pillars, key pillars is positioning for growth. And you have already indicated that Alcoa would need to invest a significant amount of capital from 2024, '25, depending on tthey success of all tthey technology projects that is currently under progress. So my question theyre is, is twofold, okay? One is how do you plan to fund those capital once you know how much you want to spend? And tthey ottheyr is between now and ttheyn what is your plan to use tthey cash flow that you're generating in tthey next 2 years? William F. Oplinger Yes. So on tthey capital allocation program, we have a capital allocation framework that we modified at in November. So if we just review that capital allocation framework fairly quickly, it starts with having a strong balance ttheyyet. We used to have a net debt target. We don't have a proportional net debt target at ttheir point. We've said we want to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. We have a pretty strong balance ttheyyet today. As I said, we've been able to take proportional net debt down from $4 billion, so roughly $4 billion down to $1.3 billion. We ended tthey quarter with $1.55 billion of cash on hand. We have funded debt of $1.75 billion, and we've got pension and OPEB of around a $1 billion at ttheir point with $300 million being pension and $700 million being OPEB. So it starts with, theyy, we want to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. And that we'll get down to kind of that third pillar, which is positioning for growth in tthey future. Ttheyn we say we're going to sustain tthey operations we spent around $450 million of sustaining capital ttheir year with that -- will increase to $550 million over tthey next 2 years. We do have some small return seeking projects around $75 million of return seeking projects in 2022. And ttheyn beyond that, we've got three uses of excess free cash flow, and not necessarily in ttheir order. Tthey middle one that we talked about is sometimes it costs us money on that portfolio review, for instance, getting tthey Spain smelter curtail cost is about $100 million of tthey commitments of investing in tthey Spanish Smelter. So that's what's in that middle bucket. Positioning for growth. I think that many investors read that as we're going to hold cash on tthey balance ttheyyet, we're not going to hold a massive amount of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. We understand as well as everybody else does that returns on cash are negative at ttheir point. So that leaves returning cash to shareholders. So as we look at returns to shareholders, three ways to return cash to shareholders. Ordinary dividends, we just announced our first ordinary dividend in tthey fourth quarter of last year. That was a signal to our investors that tthey company is in a much better position today than it was 5 years ago. We think we can afford tthey dividend through tthey cycle because of tthey portfolio and tthey balance ttheyyet work that we've done. Second opportunity is for special dividends. I won't say never, but we don't really prefer special dividends or one-time dividends. And ttheyn it's through buying back shares. And we bought back shares in tthey fourth quarter of $150 million. We slowed that program a little bit in tthey first quarter, because we had a large working capital build. But at ttheir point, we still have an authorization for something like $425 million left on tthey authorization, tthey $500 million authorization we have for buybacks. Sattheirh Kasinathan You talked about tthey negative cash return, real cash return on tthey -- from tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. So you already have like -- more than $1.5 billion of cash on balance ttheyyet, and you've talked about probably holding a minimum of $1 billion cash. So does it mean all tthey excess cash flow that you will generate in tthey next 2 years could basically mean shareholder returns, and we should really start to see a pickup in buyback pace? William F. Oplinger It means we will balance between those three last pillars, so we will balance between shareholder returns, repositioning tthey portfolio, positioning for growth while we maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. William F. Oplinger And we like to -- like you said, we still like to have a $1 billion cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. We prefer that. You saw a large working capital drawdown in tthey first quarter. It's probably tthey best example of why we like to have a large cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. Because in times wtheyre metal prices flew up very rapidly, we needed working capital in tthey system. We built roughly greater than $600 million of working capital. That's why we have $1 billion cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. I want to talk about your 2Q comments that you made during tthey opening of opening statements. So you talked about tthey supply chain issues which did not recover as quickly as you had anticipated. That should that basically implies lower increase in volumes quarter-on-quarter. And I think during your guidance, you mentioned that you will see a benefit of $50 million from higtheyr volumes in tthey aluminum segment. Would you be able to quantify what implied? William F. Oplinger No, we haven't quantified it furttheyr. Let me just make sure you understand tthey comments that I made. First of all, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we did have some operational and some logistics issues. What does that mean? What we had operational issues in Western Australia, we weren't making tthey tonnage that we wanted to make in Western Australia. Logistically, we had two major logistics issues. Tthey first was in up in Quebec, we had availability railcars, that we left some metal on tthey dock in Quebec. Same thing down in Brazil -- I'm sorry, same thing down in Australia with container availability for shipping out of Australia. We anticipated those to be completely rectified in tthey second quarter. We're seeing progress, we're making progress. It is a little bit slower than what we thought it was going to be. And ttheyrefore tthey shipments will ramp up in tthey second quarter. April and May weren't as good as what we anticipated. June should be good and strong because we're making progress. What that means is that you have a twofold effect, we have a little bit lower shipments in tthey second quarter than what we anticipated, still better than tthey first quarter. So I just want to make sure you understand we're making progress, still better than tthey first quarter just not as good as what we had anticipated. And tthey fact that those shipments are going out later in tthey quarter means ttheyre's a pricing impact also. Metal prices have come down. So you're realizing lower metal prices by shipping in June. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. William F. Oplinger And just to be clear, my final comments were, theyy, at today's prices, we anticipate that EBITDA for tthey quarter will be lower than what it was in tthey first quarter. It's emphasizing tthey fact that we continue to make good progress on resolving those issues. We're seeing some of tthey supply chain issues go away, it just came later in tthey quarter than what we anticipated. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. We did see a strong pickup in working capital for first quarter. So we should start to see that reverse through tthey remainder of tthey year? William F. Oplinger It all depend on pricing. So a large piece of that increase in working capital in tthey first quarter was due to metal prices being higtheyr. So inventory values -- finittheyyd good inventory values were higtheyr, receivables values were higtheyr, but also costs were higtheyr. So ttheyrefore WIP values are higtheyr. It'll depend on what prices do theirtorically, wtheyn you look at our working capital during tthey course of tthey year. We build working capital theirtorically in tthey first quarter, and we take it out during tthey remainder quarters of tthey year. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. I think you also gave a guidance on tthey tax cash -- tax expense for tthey second quarter. Any update to that? William F. Oplinger No. I think we got it something around $230 million. And I'm doing that off top my theyad, Sattheirh. If you say that earnings are going to be lower in tthey second quarter versus tthey first, obviously you have to adjust that downward or an improved rate of taxation in tthey second quarter. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. We are almost to tthey end of ttheir session. But I just want to pause to see if ttheyre's any questions from tthey audience. Ottheyrwise, I have one last question. So you talk about tthey capital allocation strategies. I mean, and ttheyn tthey three pillars. Wtheyre does M&A fit in to ttheir strategy? William F. Oplinger Well, we have -- if you look at our track record over 5.5 years, we've not been an acquirer. We have divested a number of facilities, closed or divested a number of facilities. So our M&A team has really been working on that. For instance, we sold tthey rolling mill in Indiana, and that was a great deal for us and it was a good deal for Kaiser. We will look at every opportunity that comes to market, so -- and I'm sure you're aware of some of tthey things that are on tthey market today. We look at all of it, see if it meets a hurdle rate. But I'll tell you, we're really not focused on picking up high cost assets. We've dealt with high cost assets over tthey course of 5.5 years, especially in our smelting portfolio. And if we're going to acquire something, we want good quality assets. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. And one last question on tthey alumina side is that you still have like three midsize projects, which are currently under hold. And yes, aluminum prices have kind of corrected in tthey last couple of months from a high level, but still it's at a more than $350 per ton. So any revised thoughts on those projects? And what price level do you want to see in order to like greenlight those projects? William F. Oplinger Ttheyy're still on hold. Two of tthey projects are in Western Australia, tthey third is in Brazil. Tthey issues with those projects are twofold. One in Western Australia, we'd be looking at capital cost versus tthey return and capital costs are fairly high in Brazil, given wtheyre tthey currency is. Tthey U.S dollar is pretty strong versus tthey rial might be an opportunity for growth ttheyre. But we're continuing to evaluate those, all three are currently on hold. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. Anytime and wtheyn do you plan to make tthey decision? William F. Oplinger No. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, okay. I think we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey session and thank you for your time. William F. Oplinger Thank you. Thanks for moderating and appreciate all tthey good questions. Sattheirh Kasinathan Thank you. William F. Oplinger See you.