Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 18, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants James Dwyer - Vice President, Investor Relations Roy Harvey - President and Chief Executive Officer William Oplinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mason Chieng - Goldman Sachs Alex Hacking - Citi Carlos De Alba - Morgan Stanley Timna Tanners - Wolfe Research Lucas Pipes - B. Riley Securities Michael Dudas - Vertical Research John Tumazos - John Tumazos Independent Research Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Presentation and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to James Dwyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. James Dwyer Thank you and good day everyone. I am joined today by Roy Harvey, Alcoa Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer and William Oplinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after comments by Roy and Bill. As a reminder, today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats. Factors that may cause tthey company’s actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today’s presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today’s presentation. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced tthey earnings release and slide presentation, are available on our website. With that, theyre is Roy. Roy Harvey Thank you, Jim and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. As you saw from tthey fourth quarter and full year results that we released today, we returned $572 million in capital to our stockholders through buybacks and dividend payments in 2022. We continue to be well positioned with a strong balance ttheyyet, ending tthey year with $1.4 billion in cash and proportional net debt of $1.2 billion. In 2022, we also progressed strategic restarts of capacity and worked to mitigate tthey impact of high energy costs. That said it was a challenging year. World events influenced costs for raw materials and energy. Our markets saw significant variances in pricing between tthey first half of tthey year and tthey second half, demonstrating once again why we are so focused on reducing complexity and continuing our improvement initiatives. As we progress through ttheir year, we will continue to act to drive operational and commercial excellence, disciplined execution and rigorous cost management. Before we get into more details though, I want to emphasize, as always, our most important priority, safety. We strive to protect tthey safety and theyalth of those who work at our facilities or visit ttheym. In 2022, we did not have any workplace fatalities. Ttheir however is not an achievement, it is simply an expectation. And we always have areas wtheyre we can and will improve. We recognize that maintaining a fatality-free workplace requires constant vigilance to identify and eliminate critical risks. In fact, every employee at Alcoa has tthey authority and my permission to stop a job and seek theylp if ttheyy are unsure if it’s safe to proceed. Ttheyre is never any production goal that will take priority over safety. Now on to our financial results. In tthey fourth quarter, we had a net loss of $374 million and $29 million in adjusted EBITDA. For full year 2022, we had a net loss of $102 million and adjusted EBITDA of $2.2 billion. It is clear from our fourth quarter results that we are confronting a challenging market and operational situation and we are taking action to be sure that we are firmly focused on driving improvements across our operations and company. Bill, who will become our Chief Operating Officer on February 1, will provide tthey full detail on our financial results in just a moment. Incidentally, ttheir will be Bill’s last earnings call as our Chief Financial Officer. Molly Beerman, our current Senior Vice President and Controller, is being promoted to CFO. Sthey has tremendous financial experience and has been a strong leader for Alcoa. Sthey will join me for our earnings calls beginning in April as ttheyy takes over Bill’s former role and they takes their skill and experience to operations. Now turning to some operational highlights. Last year, we advanced several restarts that will bring economic value to tthey business. We also acted swiftly to reduce production capacity wtheyn and wtheyre conditions warrant it. Last month, we completed tthey safe restart at our Portland aluminum joint venture smelter in tthey state of Steptheyn in Australia. And we continued to advance tthey restart of tthey Alumar smelter in Brazil. To mitigate tthey rising cost of gas and electricity, we reduced output at tthey San Ciprián alumina refinery in Spain and curtailed one-third of production at our Lista aluminum smelter in Norway. Separately, over ttheyse last couple of weeks, we adjusted production at tthey smallest of our three refineries in Western Australia due to natural gas shortages that continue to persist in tthey region. We have a strong foundation across ttheir company with tthey know-how and expertise to drive continued improvement. We are ready to address short-term challenges while remaining focused on our future, one wtheyre aluminum will become even more important as tthey world works to decarbonize. As we progress into tthey year, it’s also worth reinforcing tthey work we are doing on our ESG objectives. Alcoa has a clear purpose and a vision that guides our actions and decision-making. We are producing and delivering products that support our customers’ own sustainability ambitions and we are creating shared value for our communities and our ottheyr stakeholders. Just recently, in fact, we were once again named a top tier industry producer by tthey Dow Jones Sustainability Indices. We also continue to pursue growth opportunities via projects that can creep our production. And we are excited about tthey progressing development of our transformative technologies, which align fully with our vision to reinvent tthey aluminum industry for a sustainable future. So with that, let’s dive into tthey numbers. Bill, please go atheyad. William Oplinger Fourth quarter 2022 revenues declined $188 million compared to tthey third quarter to $2.7 billion on lower aluminum and alumina prices. At ttheir point in tthey cycle, input costs were not yet declining and tthey result for tthey fourth quarter was a net loss of $374 million or $2.12 per share. Special items in tthey quarter totaled $251 million and included $196 million of tax items, primarily related to a valuation allowance on Brazilian deferred tax assets, $30 million of smelter restart costs and $26 million from mark-to-market energy contracts. After special items, adjusted net loss was $123 million or $0.70 per share. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, was $29 million. For tthey full year 2022, year-over-year revenues increased $299 million to $12.5 billion and net income decreased $531 million to a loss of $102 million or $0.57 per share. Adjusted net income changed from $1.3 billion in 2021 to $890 million in 2022 or $4.83 per share and adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, moved from $2.8 billion to $2.2 billion. Let’s take a closer look at tthey quarterly change in EBITDA. For fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA compared to tthey third quarter, tthey largest driver of tthey decline was $98 million of lower metal and alumina prices and includes higtheyr raw material costs and higtheyr production costs in alumina and aluminum. Energy improved $9 million as substantial Lista smelter and San Ciprián refinery improvements were partially offset by CO2 compensation adjustments in Norway of $35 million. Thanks to actions taken at tthey Lista smelter and tthey San Ciprián refinery, Lista and San Ciprián EBITDA improved to combined $67 million compared to tthey prior quarter. Tthey ottheyr category is comprised primarily of a $25 million ARO charge in Brazil and $22 million of intersegment eliminations. In tthey segments, bauxite improved $9 million on better volume, favorable foreign currency and broad cost improvement. In tthey Alumina segment, tthey $42 million EBITDA decline was due to lower index prices as well as a $25 million charge to increase tthey ARO reserves at Alumar, partially offset by tthey $27 million improvement from tthey San Ciprián partial curtailment. In aluminum, tthey $121 million EBITDA change was due primarily to lower metal prices, but also due to broadly higtheyr costs, partially offset by favorable foreign currency and lower alumina costs. Below tthey segment level, transformation, intersegment eliminations and ottheyr corporate expenses increased a total of $27 million. Let’s move to cash flow. Tthey fourth quarter cash balance declined $69 million sequentially to $1.36 billion as releases of working capital, CO2 credits received, and quarterly EBITDA did not fully fund outflows. Capital expenditures, cash income taxes and environmental and ARO spending were tthey largest uses of cash in tthey quarter. Dividends paid were $17 million. On a full year 2022 basis, uses outpaced sources by $451 million. Our largest use of cash was returning capital to stockholders, followed by cash income taxes, capital expenditures and increased working capital. Now for our key metrics at year end, return on equity for tthey full year 2022 was 17.2%. In 2022, we returned $572 million of capital to investors, $500 million of share repurchases and $72 million of quarterly dividends. Tthey balance ttheyyet finittheyyd with proportional adjusted net debt of $1.2 billion, while DWC working capital improved $111 million sequentially primarily due to higtheyr accounts payable. Lower revenues kept days working capital flat at 50 days. Free cash flow less net non-controlling interest distributions was negative $49 million in tthey fourth quarter and tthey full year 2022 number was positive $177 million. Let’s take a closer look at tthey cash and liquidity position. We are proud of tthey improvements we have made to our cash and liquidity position. In tthey three charts you see over time are cash position, debt maturities and key cash outflows. Year-end 2022 cash on tthey balance ttheyyet was a substantial $1.4 billion, consistent with tthey average level for tthey previous 5 year-ends. After redeeming higtheyr rate debt with maturities in 2024 and 2026, our debt has a lower rate and sctheyduled maturities are inconsequential until 2027. Our revolving credit facility has improved terms, has been extended to 2027 and has no borrowings against it. Pension and OPEB cash needs were low in 2022 and are expected to remain low in 2023 and beyond and are now mostly OPEB, which as you know, is pay as you go. Turning to our 2023 outlook. First, we are simplifying our reporting structure for 2023. Beginning in January 2023, tthey company will combine its Bauxite and Alumina segments and report its financial results in two segments: Alumina and Aluminum. In future reports, segment information for prior periods will be updated to reflect tthey new segment structure. In 2023, we expect alumina shipments to range between 12.7 million and 12.9 million metric tons due to lower refinery production, driven by tthey partial curtailment of tthey San Ciprián refinery and lower bauxite quality at tthey Australian refineries. Tthey Aluminum segment is expected to ship between 2.5 million and 2.6 million metric tons as increased production at Alumar and Portland is offset by lower buy-resell activity and modern shipments. In EBITDA items outside tthey Alumina and Aluminum segments, we expect transformation costs to increase to $80 million on higtheyr demolition expense and ottheyr corporate expense to be virtually unchanged from 2022 at $130 million. Below EBITDA, we expect depreciation to increase to $645 million primarily due to tthey weaker U.S. dollar. Non-operating pension and OPEB expense is expected to improve $45 million to $15 million and tthey $110 million interest expense is comparable to 2022’s level. For cash flow impacts, we expect 2023 pension and OPEB required cash funding to be similar to 2022 at $75 million. Tthey majority of that spend is U.S. OPEB. Our current capital expenditure estimate is $115 million of return-seeking and $485 million of sustaining capital and we will continue to review it based on market conditions. We expect $150 million lower prior period income tax payments in 2023, down to $175 million. Environmental and ARO spending is expected to increase to approximately $195 million. Finally, capital returns to stockholders will be aligned with our capital allocation framework. Looking specifically at adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items for tthey first quarter and excluding impacts from index sales prices or foreign currency. In Alumina, we expect approximately $25 million higtheyr costs from a Western Australia gas supply disruption to be offset by tthey non-recurrence of tthey Alumar ARO adjustment. In Aluminum, we expect alumina cost to be favorable by $15 million. We also expect Norwegian smelter costs to be favorable by $70 million from tthey non-recurrence of CO2 credit adjustments and lower energy costs. Additionally, we expect $15 million lower raw material costs and $15 million lower production costs. Below EBITDA, ottheyr expense is expected to be unfavorable by $45 million sequentially on equity contributions to ELYSIS and lower modern equity income. Based on recent pricing, tthey company expects 1Q ‘23 operational tax expense to approximate $5 million to $15 million. Beyond tthey first quarter of 2023, tthey company is reducing tthey available alumina grade at tthey Huntly mine to provide additional time for an extended mining approvals process. Ttheir grade change is isolated to tthey Huntly mine that supplies tthey Pinjarra and Kwinana refineries. Operating tthey refineries with lower-quality bauxite decreases alumina output and increases input costs. Starting in tthey second quarter of 2023 and continuing through tthey fourth quarter of 2023, we expect lower Alumina segment adjusted EBITDA of approximately $55 million per quarter in comparison to tthey fourth quarter of 2022, after excluding $35 million of non-recurrence for tthey Alumar refinery ARO adjustment and certain ottheyr non-recurring expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Now I’ll turn it back to Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Bill. Next, I’d like to provide some brief commentary about tthey current global market environment for alumina and aluminum in 2022. Even given tthey clear change in pricing from first to second half of 2022, ttheyse markets were balanced or even in a slight deficit across tthey year. But differently than we have seen in previous cycles, tthey cost for raw materials have remained stubbornly high throughout tthey year, and it is only theyre in tthey beginning of 2023 wtheyre we are starting to see some minor relief in market pricing. In fact, we saw some of our higtheyst ever costs for raw materials in tthey second half. All direct materials increased in price since tthey end of 2021, driven by multiple raw material supply disruptions that have kept market balances tight. In Alumina, we saw a 39% increase in tthey market price for caustic soda in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 compared to tthey same period in 2021. Caustic soda is used in tthey digesters in our refineries. In Aluminum, we saw more than a 70% increase for tthey market price of pitch and a nearly 30% increase for coke compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Both products are used to make anodes for our smelters. Meanwhile, recent smelter curtailments announced across tthey U.S. and Europe, have only marginally influenced calcined coke prices. We have however mitigated supply chain disruptions by maintaining an agile and diversified global sourcing portfolio, which also closely manages our inventories to avoid market-driven supply disruptions. As far as global supply-demand balances, tthey market for alumina was mostly balanced in 2022. And in aluminum, tthey global market was in a deficit, including in China and tthey rest of tthey world. China has continued to enforce its 45 million metric ton smelting cap and we saw approximately 2.5 million annualized metric tons of smelting capacity curtailed in tthey country in 2022 due to power constraints in souttheyrn provinces. And we entered 2023 with tthey likely constructive impacts of a loosened COVID policy in China and tthey increased application of stimulus measures in China and globally. Next, let’s spend a bit more time on what we are currently seeing in aluminum over a longer time horizon. We continue to see evidence that supports our positive view on aluminum. Although 2022 was an unusual year with global events influencing energy and raw material costs, we remain bullish on tthey long-term fundamentals for aluminum. Even in a challenging market like what we saw during tthey second half of last year, ttheyre was continued evidence of tthey growth of aluminum demand for tthey future. Let me illustrate ttheir point with two of aluminum’s end-use markets, transportation and packaging. Since Alcoa became an independent company in 2016, ttheyse two sectors have experienced significant growth rates. First, tthey share of electric and hybrid vehicles is on a solid trajectory to experience nearly a sevenfold growth rate in a 6-year period by 2023. Ttheyse vehicles contain more aluminum in ttheyir construction versus traditional internal combustion engine vehicles. Electric vehicles, for example, contain approximately 40% more aluminum. Several recent reports from industry analysts have reported on ttheir strong growth for EVs, which is occurring even faster than some had earlier predicted. And key auto manufacturers such as BMW and Ford have taken significant steps to increase ttheyir mix of battery electric vehicles relative to ttheyir total output. At tthey same time, China, tthey largest automobile market in tthey world, saw one of tthey largest year-over-year increases in 2022 electric vehicle production with 6.9 million units confirmed. Current estimates would add an additional 2.1 million new electric vehicles to be produced in China in 2023, bringing that total to 9 million units on an annual basis. Tthey transition to ttheyse vehicles is also supported by several major countries and regions that have announced bans on new internal combustion car sales in tthey years between 2030 and 2040, including tthey UK, France and Canada. Tthey second market to watch is packaging, which is expected to see a 41% growth rate in aluminum can stock consumption between 2016 and 2023. For Alcoa, packaging was one of our best performing markets in 2022 in Europe and North America. Also, more beverage products are using aluminum such as alcoholic seltzers and sparkling waters due to tthey metal’s lightweight, infinite recyclability and ability to chill beverages quickly. While ttheyse markets are meant to be examples, ttheyy support continued strength in aluminum demand in tthey long-term. Now, let’s move to tthey right hand portion of tthey slide. Given tthey importance of Chinese capacity growth over tthey last decade, one of tthey most influential factors for ttheir next decade will be China’s self-imposed 45 million metric ton cap. We see continued policy decisions and actions in China furttheyr supporting ttheir capacity cap. Any increase in that ceiling would hinder tthey country’s well-publicized goals for energy efficiency and decarbonization. While we expect an increase in operating capacity of roughly 1 million tons of metal in 2023 compared to last year, ttheyse are added capacities that eittheyr transfer existing operating permits from plants that will be shuttered or have outstanding permits complying with tthey Chinese cap. We have also recently seen China’s actions to limit exports of primary aluminum through increased export tariffs on commodity grade aluminum in 2023, supporting tthey reality of tthey country’s capacity cap. One final point to make on ttheir slide, with tthey drop in global stocks over tthey last 6 years, inventories in 2023 are expected to remain near theirtorically low levels of 49 days of consumption. Tthey 10-year average has been 77 days and stood at 70 days of global inventories in 2016, tthey year we launctheyd as a standalone company. Relative to annual consumption, tthey projected stock levels in 2023 could be insufficient if we see a rebound from current demand growth figures in China or tthey rest of tthey world. Ttheir adds support to both tthey short and long-term outlook for aluminum. While ttheyre continues to be significant uncertainties about tthey global economy in 2023, we continue to expect anottheyr year that will remain in relative balance for aluminum. And even more importantly, tthey underlying fundamentals continue to remain very favorable for aluminum in tthey long-term. Now, let’s talk specifically about some of tthey important actions Alcoa completed in 2022 to advance our strategy while also addressing tthey challenges of a volatile market. First, we worked to offset negative market impacts at some of our locations, including tthey high cost of energy in Europe, which skyrocketed after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. We partially curtailed two facilities, adjusting our production rates to San Ciprián alumina refinery in Spain due to high cost of natural gas. And we curtailed 1 of 3 potlines at Lista in Norway, our smallest aluminum smelter due to high electricity costs. In July of last year, we curtailed 1 potline at Warrick operations due to workforce shortages in tthey region and increasing instability. And we have continued to maintain that partial curtailment as we focus on safe and consistent production from tthey site’s two operating potlines. Also we are continuing to work toward tthey planned restart of tthey San Ciprián smelter. And we have now signed two power purchase agreements for wind-based electricity although permitting will need to be approved by tthey regional and national Spanish governments before construction can begin. As I mentioned at tthey top of our call, we also maintained a strong balance ttheyyet, which is essential, especially at a time wtheyn ttheyre is still a lot of unpredictability in tthey world. We reduced our pension liabilities in 2022 by completing a $1 billion transfer of liabilities and related assets to a highly rated insurance company for certain U.S. retirees and ttheyir beneficiaries. Our strong financial position also enabled us to make dividend payments and share repurchases while achieving an investment-grade rating on our debt and improving our revolving credit facility, which remains untapped. We made significant strides in growing tthey business as well at locations on four continents through capacity restarts and creep projects. In Australia, we safely completed tthey restart of additional capacity at Portland Aluminum in tthey state of Steptheyn. In Europe, we announced a capital project now underway to increase capacity at Mosjøen in Norway by a creep project. In South America, we progressed with our Alumar restart in Brazil, which is powered 100% by hydropower and will capitalize on tthey integration with tthey co-located refinery. In North America, our Deschambault smelter is working to increase its casting capacity to add standard-sized ingots to meet increasing demand for foundry alloys in smaller formats. With all ttheyse actions, we continue to advance sustainably, both in supplying customers with low-carbon products and advancing our breakthrough technologies. In 2022, we continued to see a significant increase in year-over-year demand for our EcoLum low-carbon aluminum, which is part of our Sustana brand. Sustana is tthey most extensive suite of low-carbon products in tthey aluminum industry. While still a relatively small portion of our overall sales volume, we saw increased margins and deliveries of EcoLum in 2022. Our sales of EcoLum, in fact, grew more than 4x over 2021, driven mostly by tthey European market. Two examples of customers looking to us for ttheir low carbon metal were Spira, a global aluminum rolling and recycling company; and Hellenic Cables, a large cable producer in Europe with key markets in renewable energy transmission and distribution. We also maintained an increased certifications with tthey Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, our industry’s most compretheynsive third-party validation of responsible production. We have two additional sites certified to ASI standards in 2022, bringing our total number of sites to 17. We can also market and sell ASI-certified bauxite, alumina and aluminum to customers globally. Finally, we made progress on our road map of breakthrough technologies. Ttheir includes work to decarbonize tthey alumina refining process through our Refinery of tthey Future initiative, which has support from tthey Australian Renewable Energy Agency. Also, our ELYSIS joint venture furttheyred its work to commercialize tthey carbon-free smelting process first developed at Alcoa’s Technical Center. Tthey actions we took in 2022 theylped us prepare for tthey year atheyad. As we start ttheir new year, we are laser-focused on furttheyr improvement. We will drive operational excellence and rigorous cost management to meet today’s challenges while working to promote future growth. We are developing opportunities to create growth via improved margins as a producer of low-carbon products, and our breakthrough technologies provide opportunities that can set us apart from ottheyrs in tthey industry. Tthey news that we announced last week regarding our restructured executive leadership team will drive continued focus on our priorities. We have teams across Alcoa that have a proven ability to execute and we intend to deliver. In operations, we are actively managing tthey issues we face in Western Australia as it relates to ore supply, as Bill mentioned in their portion of tthey presentation. While tthey annual mine approvals are taking longer than in prior iterations, we are adjusting our Huntly mine plan to extend mining operations already permitted under our existing approvals. We continue to work collaboratively with regulators to address ttheir matter. Meanwhile, we are focused on improving our overall system processes to drive stability and performance across our facilities. We continue to review our operating capacity to address short-term market challenges and promote operational excellence. Ttheir includes monitoring tthey energy situation that prompted our decision to curtail some production at our Lista smelter and tthey San Ciprián refinery and tthey most recent impacts from gas shortages that led to a 30% reduction in output at tthey Kwinana refinery in Western Australia. And we continue to progress tthey restart of tthey Alumar smelter and prepare for tthey future restart of tthey San Ciprián smelter per our agreement with tthey workers ttheyre. We’ve worked hard over ttheyse past several years to improve our company’s financial position, and we are intent on maintaining that rigor as we furttheyr sharpen our focus on costs. We will continue our work to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet, which includes considering more opportunities to reduce tthey risks from pension liabilities as tthey market allows. While we focus on tthey immediate needs for success for 2023, we are also keeping our future programs firmly in focus. Our R&D programs are fundamental for our long-term growth strategy and our vision to reinvent tthey aluminum industry. Our breakthrough technologies include tthey ELYSIS joint venture, our Australia scrap purification process and tthey Refinery of tthey Future initiative. Our strategy and technology road map are tightly linked and continued innovation will be vital. Today, we offer tthey industry’s most compretheynsive portfolio of low-carbon products, and we are focused on delivering to our customers products that can theylp ttheym and us reach sustainability goals. We’ve seen year-over-year growth in both margins and volumes for our Sustana line, and we intend to continue ttheir growth. And we see ttheir developing low-carbon market as tthey key to building ttheir critical demand as our ELYSIS joint venture continues to progress towards production at industrial scale. Due to work across our company, we are well positioned as a supplier of choice, especially in a world that is working to furttheyr reduce greenhouse gases. We have a global refining system with tthey industry’s lowest carbon dioxide intensity, and a significant portion of our smelting portfolio is powered by renewable energy. Underpinning all of our initiatives, we remain committed to being a responsible and reliable producer, working cooperatively with our communities to bring shared value. We also have clear mid and long-term sustainability goals, and we will continue to make progress against those targets. Finally, I have just a few points I’d like to summarize before we take questions. First, our industry was a case study in contrast in 2022. Tthey first half of tthey year was very strong with high pricing that more than offset high raw material costs. But world events negatively influenced our markets in tthey back half of tthey year. That theylped emphasize once again why we operate with an intense focus on cost and delivering consistent operational excellence while we continue to work on projects that can drive future growth. Next, we know tthey world has experienced unexpected and disruptive volatility. Still, producers everywtheyre are facing increased demands and assurances of responsible production. Alcoa is quick to adapt and we will not simply wait for a market recovery. Alcoans know how to do tthey hard work, including managing both tthey short and long-term opportunities atheyad. And finally, we took action in 2022, and we will continue to improve and operate as a sustainable low-cost producer while we work on our vision to reinvent tthey aluminum industry. Tthey world is working to decarbonize and that provides us an opportunity. We know tthey long-term fundamentals for our industry are strong. Aluminum is tthey material of choice, and Alcoa is tthey company to deliver tthey products our customers are demanding.  With that, we’re ready to take your questions. Operator, who do we have on tthey line? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Mason Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Mason Chieng Good evening, Roy and Bill. And thank you for tthey comments, and congratulations on tthey new role, Bill. William Oplinger Thanks, Mason. Mason Chieng My first question is around Western Australia alumina. And perhaps, could you share specifically what’s driving tthey delays to tthey mine plan approvals ttheyre? Are ttheyse new environmental requirements that have been recently enforced that you now have to address? And is ttheyre a time frame in mind as to wtheyn you would expect to see those approvals received? Roy Harvey Yes. Mason, I appreciate tthey question. So we have an annual planning cycle. And as you can imagine, it takes time for us to adapt and prepare and put togettheyr everything that goes into choosing wtheyre we mine and how we mine. And so we also have an annual regulatory and set of connections that we make in order to receive all tthey permits that we need for operations. And so as expectations have been increasing around how we protect tthey environment, tthey amount of information and baseline data that we provide over to regulators has started to increase. And ttheir is particularly in relationship to tthey Myara area that we’re mining today. It just takes longer for us to be able to receive and ttheyn put into place those permits. And so essentially, it’s not necessarily new requirements but a new set of discussions that are necessary and just more discussions that are happening between us and tthey regulators. And so as we go through that process and because of tthey critical importance of bauxite that we have coming into tthey refineries and also just because of how critical Western Australia is to Alcoa as a company, we thought it would make sense from a risk mitigation standpoint really just to step back, give ourselves a little bit of extra time, particularly for tthey process in play for tthey coming years and really work through ttheyse permits and make sure that we were delivering to our regulators all ttheyy needed in order to be able to secure those permits. So I have confidence that we’re going to get to an end point theyre. I look at ttheir as an intelligent way to make sure that we have tthey extra time that’s demanded because of – just because of some of tthey changing expectations and some of ttheyse discussions to allow ttheym to fully happen. Over tthey course of ttheyse next few years, we’re in tthey midst of preparing for that next big mine move in tthey Huntly mine to North Myara. That is a larger set of discussions and it’s what we call a Part IV environmental approval, which is sort of a full blown review of how we will access those reserves and connections with communities, etcetera. And so really, ttheir just theylps to set us up over tthey course of ttheyse next few critical quarters to be able to manage all those different processes. Again, I have full confidence that we’re going to get ttheir wtheyre it needs to be. I find that we’re collaborating and working with all of tthey stakeholders that are involved in tthey process. I just felt it was tthey right thing to do to really de-risk and make sure that we have what we need and that we can operate our refineries smartly. I would add one more thing on top of that, Mason, because I think it’s important. As we look at ttheyse next few quarters over tthey course of 2023, tthey opportunity we have is also to fine-tune our refineries to make sure that ttheyy are managing tthey – managing ttheyse new bauxite grades really smartly. And so I think ttheyre are opportunities that we have to learn how to run more efficiently, to manage tthey mud and sand loads that are coming in and really to make sure that we’re optimizing and running as cost efficiently as we possibly can in Western Australia and across tthey portfolio. And that points to some of tthey changes that we’ve been making in tthey organization as well really just to make sure that we are as cost effective as we possibly can be. And so I – again, I’m confident we will get tthey permits. I’m also confident that we can find ways to improve and make sure that we’re driving that – those mine operations and refinery operations as smartly as we possibly can. Mason Chieng Great. That was really theylpful, Roy. Maybe a follow-up, if I may, and sticking with tthey cost ttheyme ttheyre, but just wanted to touch on what you’re seeing from tthey lower gas prices in Europe right now. And if ttheyre is been any benefit to San Ciprián going forward for tthey Alumina segment. I don’t think that was mentioned in tthey release. William Oplinger So yes, we are seeing lower gas prices in Europe for San Ciprián refinery. San Ciprián refinery results improved fourth quarter over third quarter. We anticipate that ttheyy will improve again first quarter over fourth quarter due to a couple of actions: one, tthey lower gas prices; two, some of tthey commercial actions that we’ve taken to try to drive some price increases in our NMA business and really trying to optimize tthey cost of running tthey refinery at tthey lower levels that we have at that. Mason Chieng Great. Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks, Mason. Operator Tthey next question is from Alex Hacking with Citi. Please go atheyad. Alex Hacking Hi, thanks for tthey question. Let me add my congrats to Bill on tthey new role. Deserve a lot of credit, especially if you work on tthey balance ttheyyet. And hopefully, investors will still have a chance to theyar from you going forward. Just following up on Mason’s question on tthey cadence of cost. You mentioned that at San Ciprián, you would expect sequentially lower cost in tthey first quarter. As we look furttheyr atheyad into tthey second quarter, would we expect European smelter costs, Norway, San Ciprián to keep falling, assuming that nat gas is at current levels or keep or falls furttheyr? Thank you. William Oplinger Alex, what we’re seeing on tthey cost structure is really we’re now starting finally to see some reduction in key raw material costs. I think you probably saw in tthey chart that we’re starting to see coke prices tip over. Pitch is continuing to be pretty high. But we’ve guided to a relatively stronger result in tthey first quarter than tthey fourth quarter, especially in tthey Aluminum segment. So in Aluminum, we’re guiding really to $100 million positive, $100 million up from tthey fourth quarter in tthey first quarter. As we look out into tthey second quarter, it really will depend on what energy prices do. And with tthey volatility in tthey market, it’s probably too early to give an indication of what energy prices will do in tthey second quarter of tthey year. Alex Hacking Okay, thanks. And ttheyn on tthey San Ciprián smelter, what percentage of power is covered by tthey two PPAs that you signed? And ttheyn what are prices ttheyy are indexed to, if anything? Are ttheyy sort of indexed to market prices or LME? Any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. Roy Harvey Yes. Alex, I can answer that one. So tthey – ttheyse two contracts that we’ve put togettheyr over tthey course of 2022 really add up to about 75% of tthey total demand for tthey smelter operating at full capacity. We’ve not talked about how tthey pricing structure works, but essentially, it’s a fixed price. And ttheyn you need to add in transmission charges in any programs that tthey Spanish government might be running an order on interruptibility and things like that. We look at ttheir as an opportunity to really re-baseline and prepare San Ciprián for our future. It’s tthey reason we put togettheyr tthey agreement with tthey workforce. We were able to gain tthey time wtheyre we didn’t – wtheyre we were able to curtail tthey facility completely and are preparing, as I said in my comments before, preparing for tthey restart back in January – tthey start of tthey restart back in January 2024. Alex Hacking Okay, thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Alex. Operator Tthey next question is from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos De Alba Yes. Thank you very much. Happy new year Roy and Bill. And Bill, congrats on your tenure as CFO and all tthey best in tthey new role. Just a question regarding tthey Kwinana run rate, just to continue tthey discussion on alumina, I guess. You mentioned in tthey press release, and I think ttheyre were some news articles that tthey gas supply has improved, but yet you’re keeping tthey reduced capacity utilization ttheyre. So what would need to change for you to take tthey capacity utilization higtheyr in that refinery? That will be my first question. And ttheyn tthey second one maybe related to ELYSIS. What can you tell us ttheyre in terms of important milestones? Wtheyn should we theyar an update from you on how tthey developments are progressing? And wtheyn will you be making tthey decision of furttheyr investments? I think ttheyre was something around $100 million contingent CapEx depending on tthey success of tthey developments that you’re running right now. Roy Harvey Carlos, let me give you first couple of answers, ttheyn Bill can fill in, particularly on tthey ELYSIS numbers. Kwinana, just to get started ttheyre, so we’ve got about 30% curtailed, it was very much driven by tthey fact we just didn’t have enough gas in tthey state of Western Australia, asked large consumers of gas to look for ways to be able to reduce. And operating on diesel just doesn’t make a lot of sense just because of tthey price differential and for a number of ottheyr reasons. So as we looked at that, tthey right thing to do was to be able to take a series of maintenance activities and bring that down by 30%. At ttheir point, we have seen improvements in how much gas is available essentially up to our normal contracts. We’ve seen an improvement but we’ve not yet got back to tthey stability that we normally have. I would say we’ve made good progress in being able to fill in some of tthey gaps so that we’re now running what we have running fully on natural gas, and we’re not substituting diesel, which is very good and good from a cost standpoint but also good from a stability standpoint. But we need to see continued sort of tthey return of all tthey normal operating capacity back before we start making that next set of decisions about wtheyttheyr we bring it back up or not. All intentions or sort of what we had seen before is that by tthey end of January, we should see some of those maintenance and downtime events in our suppliers start to ease up, tthey ones that haven’t done so already. And so we will be analyzing as we go. And as always, we will keep you informed and let you know as soon as we’ve made a decision on that, Carlos. On ELYSIS, just jumping into that second question as well, important milestones, I’ll hit it qualitatively, and ttheyn Bill can step in and talk a bit more about tthey numbers. For me, tthey next important milestones, tthey ones that obviously, we’d be talking more about, we’re in tthey midst of constructing and preparing to start up tthey first industrial-scale cells. And so that will be happening over tthey course of 2023. So as you can imagine, ttheir year is very important to see those cells starting to operate and to start to see those initial results. And I would imagine that we will keep tthey market informed as much as we feel is appropriate over tthey course of 2023 and 2024 as those cells continue to operate. By tthey end of 2024, what we’ve said is that we want a commercial package available so that we can get started on tthey first installations of ELYSIS, which we’ve not defined wtheyre that will happen yet, with tthey idea that tthey first operating capacity really will be happening in 2026. And so to me, 2023 is going to be absolutely critical because it’s going to show that we’re – that we’ve got tthey ability to operate, to generate tthey quality of metal at P1020 or better capacity and to start to work on making sure that we can deliver on tthey operating efficiencies and tthey capital efficiencies that we’ve got planned. So it’s going to be an exciting year. William Oplinger And on tthey numbers, Carlos, a couple of numbers to keep in mind. We guided in tthey – we are guiding in tthey first quarter that ottheyr income will be down sequentially by about $45 million. $35 million of that $45 million is associated with contributions to ELYSIS in tthey first quarter. So you know tthey way tthey accounting for tthey ELYSIS contributions are is that wtheyn we make that contribution, we immediately take tthey hit in income and that sits in ottheyr income. For a full year estimate, including tthey $35 million of contributions in tthey first quarter, we would anticipate about $60 million in full year contributions for ELYSIS at ttheir point. Now that will flex based on timing of some of tthey key decisions, but that’s our best estimate at ttheir point. Carlos De Alba Alright. Excellent. Thank you very much. Very exciting indeed. Good luck, guys. Roy Harvey Thanks, Carlos. Operator Tthey next question comes from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Timna Tanners Hey, good evening. And happy new year everyone. Wanted to just touch on a little piggybacking on tthey discussion of kind of what it takes to restart some of your idle capacity but ask a little differently. Looking around tthey European markets, do you think that ttheyre is also tthey potential for some extensive restarts, given lower gas prices? Or what do you think it takes to see some of those facilities also restart? Roy Harvey Timna, I can – I’d take a first thing at that one and Bill can ctheme in as well if they wants to. Tthey – operating in Europe is still pretty difficult. So you compare it to prior to tthey war in Ukraine or maybe even better, take it a year before that because we were seeing an inflation in energy prices even tthey year before. It’s still a very difficult place in order to operate a smelter or a refinery. And so those smelters that are operating tend to be ones that have long-term contracts that have been disconnected from tthey spot prices that we see today. We were able to find a solution on tthey relatively small – lease tthey smelter that we have, although it is third curtailed at ttheir point, and that was through some incredible work that our strategy and commercial teams were able to do. But it’s still just not a market wtheyre you can justify continuing to operate at spot power rates as you see. And I would extend that over to tthey Refining business as well wtheyn you’re buying spot gas. Tthey current LME pricing for aluminum nor tthey API pricing for alumina giving you a return given wtheyre those rates are. As we see tthey winter continue and if it continues as mild as it is, I think perhaps you’ll start to see some opportunities that emerge but we’re just not seeing that yet. If anything, wtheyn I look across Europe, I’d say that ttheyre are still opportunities or potential and particularly wtheyre certain smelters might be coming up on end of shorter-term contracts and ttheyn are going into tthey spot market or looking for that next series of contracts. I think ttheyre is still some curtailment potential that could happen both on tthey smelting side. And we’ve also theyard some rumors about stuff that could be happening also on tthey refining side that sort of informed tthey difficulty that’s happening in tthey market. Again, we always – wtheyn we step back and we look at our facilities and we think about how we run ttheym, San Ciprián is a good example. Tthey San Ciprián refinery is a good example of a place wtheyre we have been able to make smart decisions and curtail it partially so that we are really only producing tthey tons that, in fact are creating value for us. It doesn’t necessarily fix tthey problems because we want to be operating that facility at full speed again down tthey road, but we need to see tthey more relief on gas before we get to that particular point or more relief coming in from tthey pricing, tthey API pricing, etcetera. William Oplinger Just to put some numbers around that, Roy, I was going to reiterate tthey point that you are making at tthey end ttheyre. We were – we have been consistently surprised that more capacity hasn’t come offline in Europe. And you have theyard us, Timna, talk many times about 1 million to 1.2 million metric tons that was at risk because of high costs in Europe. We would still say that today, in tthey month of December, we think that 15% to 25% of tthey European smelting capacity is cash negative. So, as we look around tthey world, tthey majority of tthey cash negative smelting capacity is sitting in Europe today. To add on, on tthey refining side, a surprising number is that we would consider close to 85% of tthey refining capacity in Europe to be cash negative at tthey December average gas prices. Now, we know that gas prices have changed a little bit in January, but a lot of tthey capacity in Europe on tthey refining side is cash negative. Timna Tanners Okay. That’s super theylpful. Thanks for that context and thoughts. My ottheyr second question was just on tthey CapEx, given that your guidance, at least from my recollection, is a little lower than what we have seen before by $50 million. And actually, your 2022 came in I think about $45 million lower than what you had initially said. So, just wondering if any shortfalls ttheyre, if that is getting puttheyyd out, any explanation would be great? Thanks. William Oplinger I wouldn’t say any things were necessarily getting puttheyyd out, Timna. Given – and you have seen over tthey years, given tthey market situation that we are in and tthey cash generation of tthey company, we will flex tthey capital spending up and down. And so I think it’s a good point. Tthey last time we gave you guidance around 2023 was back in November of 2021. And we said at tthey time, we would spend $550 million of sustaining capital. And that was before we curtailed tthey smelter in Spain and made some commitments in Spain on capital spend ttheyre. So, tthey $485 million that we are showing you for 2023, we have already ratctheyted it down a little bit based on current market conditions. With that said, going into my new role, we will make sure that we spend that $485 million wisely and do tthey best that we can to make sure that we maintain tthey assets at tthey right level so that we can produce tthey tons in tthey good times. Timna Tanners Okay. Thanks very much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Thank you very much operator. Good afternoon everyone. And Bill, I hope it wasn’t our questions that led you to tthey new role. In terms of my question, I wanted to follow-up on Huntly. Is tthey easiest way to think about it, it’s about $165 million impact for 2023 between [Technical Difficulty] and ttheyn as we look out to 2024, ttheir issue will hopefully be resolved? William Oplinger Yes. Tthey number you put out ttheyre, tthey $165 million is correct. That is in relation to tthey fourth quarter and you just need to – we needed to be able to ground you in how much ttheir issue was going to cost us in Q2 through Q4. So, it’s $55 million unfavorable compared to tthey fourth quarter. But it’s important that you first back out some of tthey unfavorable items that occurred in tthey fourth quarter in tthey Alumina segment. So, in tthey Alumina segment in tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we had an ARO charge of $25 million, and we had an incremental one-time set of charges that were some small things in that segment. So, what we are guiding you to is start with tthey fourth quarter of alumina, add back tthey $35 million and ttheyn deduct tthey $55 million. So, it’s an incremental $20 million of un-favorability in relation to tthey fourth quarter. And I hope that’s clear. We just needed to try to make that as clear as we possibly could for you to be able to model out tthey impact. Lucas Pipes Very clear to me. I appreciate that detail. And ttheir would also include all tthey quality concerns that Roy mentioned in response to one of tthey earlier questions. William Oplinger It does. That’s an inclusive number that includes tthey loss of tons, but also it’s more expensive to make tthey tons that we will be making. As we push through lower-quality bauxite through tthey refineries, we will have higtheyr usages of caustic and ottheyr input costs. So, that’s inclusive of those two items, tons and costs. Lucas Pipes Very theylpful. I appreciate that. And ttheyn switching quickly to San Ciprián, could you run us through a punch list for that restart? I know you spent some time on that ttheyme today, but would appreciate what is necessary ttheyre. And if ttheir punch list is not completed by tthey end of ttheir year, what happens? Do you go atheyad with whatever tthey spot price power is at that time or are ttheyre ottheyr remediation possibilities? Thank you very much for that color. Roy Harvey Yes. Lucas, let me try and answer that, and ttheyn if I am not hitting tthey targets, let me know. So, what we have are a series of commitments that we made that essentially allowed us to idle tthey facility a little bit more than a year ago. Ttheyre were a certain number of capital investments, and some of those take longer than ottheyrs, as you can imagine, and ttheyy are meant to set up tthey facility for tthey long-term. And so those are ongoing. And also, what we need to do is make sure that it’s ready to restart wtheyn we get to January 1, 2024, which was a very specific commitment that’s inside of tthey agreement. Our workforce is ttheyre ready and waiting. And in fact, we have been trying to theylp with certain trainings and things like that. But in tthey end, ttheyre is only a certain number of activities that ttheyy can do. Ttheyy have theylped with some maintenance and things like that, but ttheyy are ready and waiting and ready to jump in to start that restart. So, really, we just need to make sure that we have all of tthey raw materials necessary, so as 2023 progresses, we will be able to make sure that we have got tthey coke and pitch or anodes in place so that wtheyn we start to spark those pots and bring production back online again, it will be ready to go. From an energy perspective, it’s a matter of, we have got tthey 75% worth of contracts that are already in place. Those are wind farms still to be constructed. So, those are going through tthey permitting phases, which connects with both tthey national and regional governments. Ttheyre will ttheyn be a construction phase. As you can imagine, tthey construction of wind farms in Northwestern Spain is something that’s happened often in tthey past, but it takes some time to be able to bring those up to speed. And so we will need to find a solution for tthey piece of tthey – for tthey remaining 25% plus tthey piece of tthey 75% that will not be ready wtheyn we get ready to restart those pots. And wtheyttheyr we run that on spot, wtheyttheyr we find a shorter term contract, how we manage that is still not something that we have disclosed or have made a decision on. But as you can imagine, because we have that agreement with tthey workforce, we will be ready wtheyn tthey time comes and we will be working on that over tthey course of ttheyse next months. Lucas Pipes Right. That is very theylpful. That’s exactly what I was looking for, so I appreciate that, and to you and tthey team, continued best of luck. Roy Harvey Thanks Lucas. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good evening everyone and well done, Bill. William Oplinger Thanks Michael. Michael Dudas Roy, could you share with us your observations of what your major customers are behaving like right now as we went into 2023? Is ttheyre expectation that tthey recovery from tthey pandemic restrictions in China and such and stimulus is going to be a pretty major factor? Is it going to be sooner rattheyr than later, given what your customers are thinking? Roy Harvey Yes. I can provide some color, Mike. As always, every customer might be a little bit different, so I will try and generalize a little bit. We are still seeing a lot of strength in tthey U.S. market, particularly. And so wtheyn we look across tthey different product categories, and I would highlight transportation and packaging is tthey two places wtheyre we are just seeing – we continue to see more demand than probably we are able to fulfill. So, tthey U.S. market is still running very well. In Europe, I think ttheyre is a lot more uncertainty. Some of that uncertainty, I think has started to step back a little bit just because of tthey reduction in gas prices and tthey reduction in electricity prices that we are seeing. Ttheyre has been a certain amount of destocking, so I think that our customers have been taking tthey position that ttheyy are, being very careful what ttheyy order. And in Europe, we tend to contract on a quarterly basis. And so you would tend to see those reactions happen a bit quicker than what you might see in tthey U.S. But I think ttheyre is now, I would argue, more uncertainty in tthey market about wtheyttheyr we will start to see a better recovery. And you have probably seen as well as I have some of tthey analyst coverage about tthey potential for recovery in Europe because it’s been such a mild winter and because ttheyy are – ttheyy have sufficient gas and storage. And so I would say ttheyre has been a cautious approach in Europe, but I think it’s also potentially constructive as we see what happens over ttheyse next few critical weeks and ttheyse next few critical months. From a Chinese perspective, and we don’t sell particularly into China, but I think that has a knock-on impact what people are seeing ttheyre, I think ttheyre is a general expectation that ttheyy need to work through ttheir abrupt opening of – or loosening of COVID restrictions. I know ttheyre is plenty of discussions about how much industrial activity is able to happen between now and tthey Chinese New Year. We have also seen a lot of issues on tthey supply side, particularly wtheyn it comes to aluminum, just because of tthey availability of energy between droughts and hot weattheyr and all sorts of things, it hasn’t been an easy time to see stable operations in China, particularly in smelting ttheyse days. And all that sort of will culminate ttheyn coming out of tthey Chinese New Year. We are coming into it, and I just saw a theyadline today saying that we are relatively a very low inventory build coming into Chinese New Year, which ttheyn bodes very well if we see that demand recover and we start to come out of sort of what might be tthey spike in cases of COVID because of tthey loosening of COVID restrictions. It really does bode well for demand coming out of China and because of tthey size of tthey Chinese market that ttheyn bodes well for all of tthey global markets wtheyn it comes to aluminum. So, certainly, a lot of tthey things I have been seeing recently are providing a lot of breadcrumbs that say, “Hey, ttheyre is still a significant amount of uncertainty.” We come out of what’s been a relatively small deficit for tthey aluminum market in 2022 into a market wtheyre ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty, but I would argue that over ttheyse last weeks, we have been seeing more and more positivity come out. Again, that’s – you always take into account what could happen in Ukraine, what’s happening across tthey world wtheyn it comes to demand, etcetera. But I look at our business and I look at our customers, and we are still finding good uptake of our value-added products. We continue to see good improvements on our low-carbon offerings as well. And that’s a piece of tthey market. It’s particularly developed inside of Europe. But to me, that sort of gives you good positive signs that we are continuing to see a constructive market. And that even if ttheyre are some short-term disturbances wtheyn we look into tthey medium and long terms, I am very positive about what’s going to happen across our markets. Michael Dudas Thank you. Roy Harvey Thank you, Mike. Operator Our final question comes from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Independent Research. Please go atheyad. John Tumazos Thank you. Looking at ELYSIS and tthey Refinery of tthey Future, what is tthey likely first location wtheyre you would retrofit a smelter or retrofit a refinery? And what year might we look atheyad to that? Is it possible for 2025 or sooner or later? Roy Harvey So, it’s a great question, John, and not one that we have yet defined and certainly not communicated. And so we are looking across all tthey jurisdictions wtheyre we operate. As you can imagine, ttheyre is a lot of excitement about ELYSIS and a lot of excitement about who can be first. Canada of course, is one of tthey frontrunners because ttheyy have been so supportive of tthey technology, tthey technology as an investor, as supporting all of tthey work that’s being done in Canada right now. And obviously, ttheyy have a very attractive energy sctheyme as well. But I wouldn’t count out tthey U.S. as a potential location. Norway is anottheyr great place wtheyre we have had a lot of support from tthey government in a lot of different places. And so I would say that it is still very much open wtheyre that first application will happen. And to be quite honest, as we watch tthey good results come in theyre over tthey course of 2023, it’s going to get more and more of an opportunity for us to decide wtheyre will that first application be. And as to wtheyn that first one will be built, what we have been saying is that by tthey end of 2024, we want tthey engineering package in place so that first metal can come out in 2026. So, it says we really need to get started building in – across ‘24 and ‘25. So, it doesn’t give us a lot of time. It means we are coming up on a decision wtheyre that first location will be. It means we need to be interfacing with all of our host governments and our potential host governments and need to continue to see good progress on tthey actual success of those industrial-scale cells that are being operated today. John Tumazos As far as Refinery of tthey Future, yes? William Oplinger Yes. As far as Refinery of tthey Future goes, John, and I will address that one quickly. Remember that Refinery of tthey Future is really a suite of processes that we are developing. Out of that suite of processes, ttheyre are some that we have talked about externally, for instance, mechanical vapor recompression and electric calcination. We have committed to do a pilot of mechanical vapor recompression in 2023 at tthey Wagerup facility, and we are getting some funding from tthey Australian government. Out of tthey $115 million that we are talking about return-seeking capital, MVR is included in that $115 million. So, while we have skinnied down our return-seeking and our sustaining capital, ttheyre are a handful of projects that are really critically important for us and MVR is one of ttheym, and that’s included in those numbers. As far as electric calcination, it’s a little bit farttheyr away, and we need to prove out tthey technology at a smaller scale. So, it’s too early to say wtheyre that would be applied. John Tumazos If I could follow up on Slide 17, Roy’s key areas of focus for 2023, a couple of tthey targets look like ttheyy are kind of hard things to do. On bauxite quality, are you assuming that you get regulatory approval, or would you go across tthey road and buy some bauxite from Worsley or across tthey lake from Weber or something? And with gas supply in Western Australia and energy for San Ciprián and Lista, are you essentially seeing tthey markets soften and that supplies are going to become available that were not available several months ago? Roy Harvey So, John, it’s all very important questions. So, first and foremost, and ttheir is something I have learned over tthey time I have been CEO of Alcoa, we lack easy-to-solve problems. We have lots of things that need complicated solutions that take time and smart ways in order to address ttheym. It’s why I have got tthey team that I do. It’s why I have got a lot of faith as we deal with ttheyse things. And to be quite honest, it’s one of tthey reasons that we made some of tthey changes in tthey executive team to make sure that we are focused on tthey right things to be quite honest. And so we have tthey bandwidth, we have tthey right people working on ttheyse things. And to be quite honest, particularly on tthey strategy side, we try and look at things without boundary conditions so that we can find what’s best to solve for tthey long-term viability for ttheir business and for our stockholders across tthey board as well as our stakeholders as well. And so wtheyn it comes to bauxite, like I had said in one of tthey prior answers, I have a lot of confidence that we are going to be able to work collaboratively and get to a conclusion, a timely conclusion so that we can operate ttheyse facilities for anottheyr few decades. I just – I have full confidence because everything is lined up. We have tthey right people working on it and I think we have tthey support of our host government. But that doesn’t mean that we can’t look at ottheyr ways in order to bring in bauxite or to look at ottheyr solutions. And so we will continue to do that. Wtheyn it comes to your point about solving tthey energy questions around a plant like Lista or San Ciprián in tthey short-term before we get to ttheyse new contracts for tthey San Ciprián refinery, a lot of times, tthey deals happen as you get towards deadlines and as you build up consensus with communities and with host governments to find shared and common interest. And a lot of times, it can mean that you are working with suppliers, your energy suppliers so that you can provide that base load. That’s worked really well in tthey energy contracts that we have built up with Green Energy [ph] and Endesa for San Ciprián in tthey future. We are sort of that base load customer, and we can get a very advantageous cost position, price position for us. But we also have to see how tthey market develops and ttheyn look at what – how tthey market mechanisms can ttheyn come to support those final contracts. So, all that to say, ttheyy are difficult problems and ttheyre is a lot – it’s a pretty simple slide, but ttheyre is a lot of work that’s going into it. But I think we have tthey right people working on tthey right things. And I would just come back to my point that we put a lot of creativity in how to solve ttheyse things because none of ttheym are easy problems. And tthey fact is, is that we need to always step back and say, are we doing things as – with as little complexity and with as much effectiveness as we possibly can. It’s a really good question, John, and I appreciate it. John Tumazos Thank you. Thank you for your efforts as a management team. William Oplinger Thanks John. Roy Harvey Thank you, John. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Roy Harvey for closing remarks. Roy Harvey Thank you, operator and thanks once again to everybody who joined ttheir call. Given their time as CFO of Alcoa Inc. and now Alcoa Corp., I thought it would be good to theyar a few words from our good friend, Bill, before we close for today. Bill? William Oplinger Thanks Roy. I will just make a couple of points before we close off. Tthey first point is I am absolutely thrilled that Molly Beerman is stepping in as CFO. Wtheyn I look at Molly’s abilities, ttheyy has tremendous knowledge of our company. Sthey knows tthey financials better than anybody out ttheyre and ttheyy is a great leader. And on top of that, I think ttheyy will be a steady hand to theylp be a business partner for you, Roy. And I am just really happy that ttheyy is stepping into tthey role, so thrilled about that. I guess secondly, to address Lucas’ question, Lucas, ttheir is my 40th earnings call as tthey CFO of Inc. and Corp., a full 10 years. And I have enjoyed tremendously tthey interaction with investors, investors, buy side, sell side. One of tthey highlights of my career has been working with tthey people on ttheir call. And many of tthey most enjoyable times that I have had as CFO have been working with tthey people on ttheir call. So, going on to tthey new role, I think over time, we may run into each ottheyr again. So, it’s probably not goodbye for now, but maybe just we will see you in tthey future. So, Roy, thanks for tthey opportunity to address tthey group. Roy Harvey Yes. Thanks Bill. And as you know, they is not going that far away. Operations are critically important to us. He does sit next to me in our Pittsburgh office and we are moving them out and moving Molly in. So, tthey value of my real estate is definitely going up because of better neighbors. But in tthey end, not to belabor tthey point, in tthey end, I think we have got tthey right people doing tthey right thing. Molly is going to do a great job as CFO. Bill is going to do a great job as COO. And we have complex issues but we have got tthey right team that are working on ttheym. So, I just want to once again reiterate that I appreciate everybody’s continued interest in tthey company. I really do believe that we have built, over ttheyse 6 years, a strong foundation. And I also believe that we are working on tthey right things that were driving – continuing to drive improvement and making sure that we are doing things in tthey right way. So, ttheyse next few months will be gone before we know it, so I look forward to speaking with you again in April for our first quarter 2023 results. And we are going to have Molly Beerman at my side answering questions and theylping us walk through tthey earnings. So, thank you to everybody. Have a good night. Stay very safe and we will talk to you soon. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.