Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 18, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants James Dwyer - Vice President, Investor Relations and Pension Investments William Oplinger - President and Chief Executive Officer Molly Beerman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Lawson Winder - Bank of America Securities Lucas Pipes - B. Riley Securities Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Bill Peterson - JPMorgan John Tumazos - John Tumazos Independent Research Alexander Hacking - Citi Timna Tanners - Wolfe Research Carlos De Alba - Morgan Stanley Christoptheyr LaFemina - Jefferies Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Presentation and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to James Dwyer, Vice President, Investor Relations and Pension Investments. Please go atheyad. James Dwyer Thank you, and good day, everyone. I'm joined today by William Oplinger, Alcoa Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer; and Molly Beerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after comments by Bill and Molly. As a reminder, today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats, factors that may cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today's presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation. For theirtorical non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today's presentation. We have not presented quantitative reconciliations of certain forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures for reasons noted on ttheir slide. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced, tthey earnings press release and slide presentation are available on our website. With that, theyre's Bill. William Oplinger Thank you, Jim, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call today. Before we get started, I want to acknowledge tthey important contributions from our former CEO, Roy Harvey. Roy played a key role in our evolution into a stronger and more resilient business and they was pivotal in our 2016 launch as a pure-play upstream aluminum company. He led tthey company through some difficult market environments, including COVID and their commitment to making Alcoa successful never wavered. He is serving as a strategic advisor to me for tthey remainder of tthey year and I appreciate their counsel. I've interacted with many of you over my 23 years with Alcoa Inc and Alcoa Corp both in my CFO and COO roles, and I'm glad to be with you again today. In my first few weeks in ttheir role, I've met with employees, customers, and industry participants. Several questions keep coming up in those conversations such as what are our priorities and what are Alcoa's key challenges. First, to address tthey constant in our company, our values. At Alcoa, we act with integrity, operate with excellence, care for people, and lead with courage. Ttheyse aren't statements that simply live on a plaque. Ttheyse are tthey values we expect every Alcoan to live daily. I'm proud to lead tthey company guided by strong values. Our relentless focus on tthey safety of our employees, contractors, and visitors to our sites will continue as will our efforts toward our sustainability targets. As I step into tthey CEO role, I want to make it clear that I have an ambition for ttheir company, an ambition manifests as an expectation of excellence in everything we do from EH&S, operations, maintenance, and commercial excellence. Alcoa has an impressive theirtory of innovation and leadership in tthey industry and we plan to furttheyr build on that and strengttheyn our market connections. We will be action-oriented and make decisions guided by our values, sound business principles and with a focus on creating value for our stockholders. We've made good progress ttheir year. Across our system, we've improved stability, and we intend to build on that operational momentum. So for tthey near term, tthey focus will be gaining approvals for bauxite mining in Western Australia. Ttheir is our top priority, we are making progress. We have tthey right team in place for success and we understand tthey improvements that our stakeholders are expecting. We will be driving for furttheyr operational improvements in Brazil. Tthey ongoing start-up at tthey Alumar smelter in Sao Luis hasn't gone as planned. We now have conditions in place for a successful restart from theyre forward. Next, we will be focusing on productivity across our system with every site focused on margin improvements through operational productivity going into 2024. And we have action plans in place to improve tthey financial results of certain locations in tthey system that have been underperforming. Each operation is working to become more globally competitive. In tthey long-term, we remain bullish on aluminum as a material of choice. Mega-trends continue to drive increased aluminum usage globally from furttheyr EV penetration to tthey substantial future demand in solar installations. Alcoa is uniquely positioned in tthey aluminum industry for a world focused on carbon emissions and ottheyr sustainability issues which we are addressing from three vectors. Primary metal production with our joint venture ELYSIS, post-consumer scrap usage with our ASTRAEA technology, and carbon and residue emissions with our refinery of tthey future initiative. So before I address tthey third quarter results, let me re-emphasize. We are laser-focused on improving tthey short-term and we are working on developing unmatctheyd, industry-leading technology for tthey long-term. Let's begin with safety. I am disappointed that we had one serious injury with life-altering implications in tthey third quarter. A worker at our Juruti bauxite mine lost portions of two fingers while performing maintenance on a bulldozer. While ttheir event is unacceptable, overall, we are making progress on preventing fatalities and serious injuries. So far ttheir year, our total recordable injury rate has improved by 16%, and days away and restricted time injury or DART rate is 27% better on a year-over-year basis. Also, we are increasing tthey number of onsite field verifications for leaders to evaluate tthey effectiveness of critical safety controls and coach workers on safety improvements. Now, moving to tthey financials. We reported an adjusted net loss for tthey third quarter of $1.14 per share and $70 million in adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items driven by lower average realized prices for both alumina and aluminum. Improvements in both raw material and production costs did not fully offset tthey impact from lower realized pricing in both of our segments. We ended tthey quarter with a strong balance ttheyyet and a cash balance of $926 million. We've made meaningful progress on our approvals for bauxite mining in Australia during tthey quarter and have more visibility on tthey timeline for decisions from tthey government and regulators. I will address ttheir more fully later. In our operations, our Quebec smelter system set production records in tthey quarter, and we're investing ttheyre to increase our casting capabilities for value-added products. From a commercial perspective, we also continue to be encouraged by tthey reception from customers for our Sustana line of low-carbon products which includes EcoLum metal and EcoSource alumina. And while demand in some key end markets remained soft, ttheyre are signals for a rebound in 2024. We'll talk more about that macroeconomic view of tthey market in a moment, but first, let me turn it over now to our CFO. Molly, please go atheyad. Molly Beerman Thank you, Bill. Revenue was down 3% to $2.6 billion as higtheyr shipments only partially offset lower realized prices for both alumina and aluminum. Tthey net loss attributable to Alcoa increased $66 million, to $168 million and tthey loss per share increased from $0.57 to $0.94. On an adjusted basis, tthey net loss attributable to Alcoa increased $140 million to $202 million. Tthey difference in net loss is primarily related to tthey reversal of a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets in Iceland. Adjusted EBITDA declined $67 million to $70 million as part of tthey decrease in revenue was offset by lower costs. Let's look at tthey key drivers of EBITDA. Third quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA declined $67 million to $70 million as lower metal and alumina realized prices were only partially offset by lower raw materials energy and production costs. Alumina segment EBITDA increased $20 million sequentially lower raw material costs, primarily caustic soda and lower production costs in Brazil and Spain, more than offset lower alumina index prices. We also saw tthey benefit of lower raw materials and production costs in tthey Aluminum segment as well as energy improvements, but not enough to overcome tthey impact of lower metal prices. Ottheyr costs outside tthey segments were unfavorable $56 million. Ttheyy reflect unfavorable inter-segment eliminations, higtheyr transformation demolition costs and higtheyr ottheyr corporate costs. Here's a deeper dive on raw material costs. Ttheir year we've seen substantial improvement in our segment EBITDA due to lower prices for our key raw materials. Market prices for caustic soda, calcined petroleum coke, and coal tar pitch continued to decline in tthey quarter and are expected to improve furttheyr. Company-wide, we have seen an $86 million EBITDA improvement over tthey first nine months, $32 million in tthey Alumina segment and $55 million in tthey Aluminum segment. Ttheyse lower raw materials market prices worked through our financials on a lag basis to expect furttheyr improvement in tthey fourth quarter. Let's now move to ottheyr key financial metrics. Our key financial metrics are consistent with our earnings results. Year-to-date return on equity is negative 8.7%. Our third quarter dividend added $18 million to stockholder capital returns, which totaled $54 million year-to-date. Free cash flow less net NCI contribution was negative $36 million in tthey quarter increasing proportional adjusted net debt by $0.1 billion and decreasing tthey cash balance by a similar amount. Year-to-date capital expenditures and cash income taxes remained our largest use of cash. In tthey third quarter, days working capital improved five days to 50 days on lower inventories. Tthey improved working capital performance provides a significant source of cash in tthey third quarter entirely offsetting tthey previous year-to-date working capital cash use. Tthey working capital improvement is evident on tthey next slide. Cash balance declined $64 million in tthey quarter. Tthey largest source of cash was a working capital reduction of $183 million primarily from lower inventories followed by EBITDA of $70 million and net non-controlling interest contributions of $40 million. We expect working capital to be a source of cash in tthey fourth quarter. Capital expenditures were tthey largest use of cash at $145 million as CapEx typically increases as we move through tthey year. Notable ttheir quarter were settlement payments of $75 million to former workers at two smelters that Alcoa previously owned in Spain, as well as environmental and ARO spending of $52 million. Let's turn to tthey outlook for tthey final quarter of 2023. Our full-year outlook has one favorable adjustment. We expect ottheyr corporate expense to improve $10 million to $120 million. At tthey segment level, in alumina we expect an improvement of approximately $50 million due to lower raw material prices, better production costs and higtheyr volumes. Partially offset by approximately $10 million and higtheyr energy costs. In addition, we expect impacts related to lower bauxite grades in Australia to be consistent with tthey prior two quarters. In tthey Aluminum segment, we expect unfavorable energy impact of approximately $30 million mainly due to CO2 compensation changes in Norway. Additionally, we expect $35 million in raw material price improvement to be offset by unfavorable product mix and higtheyr production costs. Finally, alumina costs in tthey Aluminum segment are expected to be favorable by $5 million. Below EBITDA, note that tthey third quarter ottheyr expenses included one-time negative impact of $35 million primarily foreign currency losses. And we expect tthey fourth quarter operational tax to range between $10 million to $20 million. Now, I'll turn it back to Bill. William Oplinger Thank you, Molly. Next, I'd like to recap some key items from our global operations. Each of tthey three smelters in Quebec, Deschambault, Baie Comeau, and ABI in Becancour have set year-to-date production records for tons per day. Wtheyn totalled togettheyr ttheyy have performed tthey best since our 2016 separation. Ttheir week, one of those smelters, ABI announced tthey planned investment to furttheyr improve its casting capabilities for a broader array of alloys for value-added products. Tthey new equipment should enable us to deliver products with additional sizes, smoottheyr surfaces and better dimensional control for tthey automotive and packaging markets. We are also focused on operational improvements from assets across our global system driven by productivity enhancements. We took our first action last month at our Kwinana refinery in Western Australia with tthey restructuring plan that is intended to improve that facility and save $10 million annually with more improvements under consideration. In Brazil, we are employing a deliberate and methodical approach to tthey Alumar smelter restart, which is now operating at approximately 65% of tthey site's total capacity and has restored stability to tthey parts that have been restarted. Finally, we are committed to conformance with tthey global industry standard on tailings management. Alcoa has voluntarily disclosed information from all of our global tailings and we've worked with tthey International Council on Mining and Metals or ICMM to improve tthey industry's management of tailings. Ttheir has been a significant undertaking and we've worked diligently including with third-party reviewers to provide additional information about impoundments with tthey higtheyst classification ratings before an August deadlines set for ICMM members. Now let's turn to an update on our mining approvals in Western Australia. Our teams have continued to work with relevant state government departments to advance our annual approvals for bauxite mining at tthey Huntly and Willowdale mines. Securing an approval is an absolute priority for our Company and we are working toward a final resolution in tthey fourth quarter. We've submitted a revised mine management program or MMP for tthey period '23 to 2027. Ttheir updated MMP is now being reviewed by regulators. We believe ttheir revised plan meets evolving stakeholder needs as it includes numerous enhancements designed to specifically address expectations of tthey government. It includes additional controls for tthey protection of drinking water, including increased distances from reservoirs, and addresses biodiversity concerns through a plan to accelerate rehabilitation. Separately, let me briefly discuss tthey Western Australian Environmental Protection Authority process. In August, tthey agency completed a public consultation period on wtheyttheyr it should assess all or part of tthey current and next MMPs. Tthey WA EPA has indicated that it expects to decide on ttheir before tthey end of tthey year. We have demonstrated our commitment to transitioning to a more modernized approvals framework for new major mine regions. That's why we proactively began a formal assessment in 2020 from tthey WA EPA for our two new major regions for tthey Huntly mine, Myara North and Holyoake. But ttheir will take some time. Tthey assessment for Myara North and Holyoake is ongoing and we do not expect tthey first bauxite ore from ttheyse new regions any earlier than 2027. We do expect tthey bauxite grade from ttheyse regions to be more consistent with tthey higtheyr grades we previously experienced at tthey existing Myara central. However, until ttheyn we expect similar bauxite quality as compared to recent grades. As Molly described we are actively working to mitigate tthey financial impacts of ttheyse lower grades, while also looking for opportunities to optimize productivity. Next slide, let's move to some highlights from a commercial perspective and discuss some demand trends. First, customers are increasing demand for our Sustana line of products, tthey Sustana line is a small but growing proportion of our overall sales volume. Sales of EcoLum, our low carbon aluminum is strong in Europe and orders are being placed in North America too. Overall, we expect our annual global sales volume for EcoLum to increase approximately 60% for 2023 wtheyn compared to last year. Also, in tthey third quarter, we made our first sale of tthey non-metallurgical variety of EcoSource, our low-carbon Alumina brand. Earlier ttheir year, we started offering non-metallurgical varieties in addition to existing smelter-grade EcoSource. Alcoa is one of tthey world's largest producers of non-metallurgical alumina, which is used in everything from refractories, sandpaper and water treatment processes across tthey world. Our Sustana line has tthey aluminum industry's most compretheynsive portfolio due to tthey range of products we offer from alumina to metal. Meanwhile, we also have customers coming to us due to our theirtory of alloy development. Last month, we were recognized for tthey second year in a row with an award from tthey North American Dye Casting Association for an Alcoa-developed alloy used in mega castings for electric vehicles. We are selling and licensing alloys that can be used to make ttheyse one-piece high-pressure dye castings. With our alloys, OEMs can get a one-piece casting rattheyr than many separate pieces creating greater efficiency. On tthey cost side, our energy team signed a new nine-year power agreement in August that will cover 50% of Portland's smelter capacity starting in July of 2026. We continue to pursue options for tthey smelter's remaining electricity requirements with a strong focus on renewable energy. Tthey global alumina and aluminum markets are both balanced to a slight surplus. At tthey same time, aluminum inventories in terms of days of consumption remained at theirtorically low levels, positioning tthey market well for wtheyn demand improves. In 2024, ttheyre is uncertainty in tthey markets due to a range of geopolitical and macroeconomic factors, one of tthey biggest questions revolves around demand outside of China. Our base views is for continued growth in transportation and recovery in tthey packaging and in tthey building and construction sector. Within transportation, tthey automotive market typically drives tthey major trends. At ttheir point, most of tthey COVID-related automotive supply chain disruptions have resolved. While uncertainty remains due to labor actions in tthey United States, we anticipate year-on-year growth in tons for aluminum as automotive production continues to ramp up to 2019 levels. In packaging, downstream inventory levels have largely normalized and we expect demand increasing. In building and construction, high-interest rates have negatively affected that sector in tthey last year, particularly in North America and Europe. A relative recovery in building and construction is expected next year compared to 2023. Ttheir is based on analysts' projections for slowing inflation and stabilizing interest rates, which should provide a better foundation for increased year-over-year activity although, tthey pace of that improvement remains uncertain and reliance on economic conditions. In closing, we are encouraged by tthey positive operational momentum in tthey third quarter and intend to build on that performance. Our Company's primary objective is to gain approvals for bauxite mining in Western Australia. We believe we're on tthey right path with an updated mine plan that has an enhanced commitment meant to address tthey government's expectations. And importantly, we now have line of sight to decision timing which is expected before tthey end of tthey year. Across our global operations, we are focused on improvement. We will work to increase productivity, reduce and control costs, and manage our working capital. We also are continuing work on our future-focused breakthrough technology programs, which have tthey potential to furttheyr differentiate our company. And finally, while some end-use sectors for aluminum are softer now, we remain bullish on tthey long-term fundamentals for our markets. I'm not alone in ttheir view. I attended LME Week wtheyre tthey prevailing view was that aluminum is poised for long-term growth. Alcoa is well-positioned for tthey future. We have tthey distinct advantage of being active in all aspects of upstream aluminum production and I'm excited about our prospects and tthey work atheyad. With that Molly and I are ready to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Lawson Winder with Bank of America Securities. Please go atheyad. Lawson Winder Hello. Thank you, operator. Good evening, Bill and Molly. Bill congratulations on your new role. William Oplinger Thank you, Lawson. Lawson Winder Yeah, it's very nice to theyar from you today. I just wanted to ask about Kwinana and just with tthey lower grades now expected to continue through 2027 at tthey earliest, is ttheyre a point at which a complete shutdown could become a high probability of risk? William Oplinger So, at Kwinana we're essentially looking at all options, and in tthey near term as you see, we've announced a restructuring that takes some cost out. In addition to that, we're looking at a variety of different levers to be pulled to drive cost down and improve profitability ttheyre. But ultimately, as with any marginal asset and Kwinana is a marginal asset at ttheir point, you know, we'll consider options on tthey table, including curtailment and closure. Lawson Winder Okay, that's very clear. And ttheyn in a similar vein, Alcoa has had ttheir goal of reducing its cost to first quartile level globally. You know, with you now in tthey lead seat, what are your thoughts on that goal in terms of timing and achievability? Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks, Lawson. I think we, first of all, if you step back and look at wtheyre crew has us today on tthey cost curve, we are still first quartile bauxite mining, first quartile refining, and second quartile smelting. Tthey current situation in Western Australia puts pressure on tthey refining segment. So that could move us into tthey second quartile. But to answer your question very specifically you see in tthey presentation that we did today we highlighted productivity and competitiveness a couple of times in tthey presentation. We have launctheyd a program across tthey company to enhance competitiveness plant by plant and so we're essentially going after that. I think ttheyre's opportunities even in our best plants and we highlighted tthey great success that we've had in Quebec so far ttheir year. I still think ttheyre's opportunities to make those plants more competitive, take cost out, and more productive. So we'll continue to strive for those targets. Lawson Winder Okay, thank you very much. I'll get back in tthey queue. William Oplinger Thanks, Lawson. Operator Tthey next question is from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Thank you so much operator. Bill, I'd like to add my congratulations. Thank you also for taking my question. And I wanted to pick up with tthey last question left off on tthey competitiveness. Can you maybe add a little bit more detail on what else you can tweak, is ttheyre capital needed to modernize plants, is it streamlining some of tthey labor relationships, is it energy? If you could maybe just peel tthey onion a little bit furttheyr, would really appreciate your perspective. Thank you. William Oplinger Yes. Sure. So, we will peel tthey onion back a little bit. We -- and tthey plants are at varying stages of wtheyre ttheyy sit on ttheir effort. Probably tthey earliest one to undertake it was Kwinana given some of tthey difficulties that we're having at Kwinana. We're looking at Kwinana from two perspectives. Tthey first is an overall profitability perspective, wtheyre we were looking at are ttheyre additional markets that we can address because Kwinana has NMA capability or non-metallurgical alumina capability. Are ttheyre opportunities for pricing improvements for specific products, but ttheyn on tthey cost side, it's about labor productivity and maintenance productivity, so really getting down not ttheyse upon. But to get down to tthey nuts and bolts of trying to determine ROE effective on tthey maintenance side. And can we significantly improve our wrench time, so that was tthey work that's being done at Kwinana. We subsequently launctheyd what we're calling workforce blueprint exercise and it started in some of our best facilities up in Quebec and you say, why start in some of your best facilities because I think if we can get gains in places like Quebec that are really, really performing well, we can probably get better games in ottheyr parts of tthey system. So that is actually going through and looking at tthey labor that we have and tthey amount of time it takes to do a specific tasks and a very scientific comparison of tthey people that we have in each plant and wtheyttheyr ttheyre's opportunities across tthey system to streamline and take cost out. Lucas Pipes Thank you very much for that color. I want to follow-up on Western Australia, a couple of quick questions ttheyre. First, I think tthey company had previously guided to I think 2024 at tthey earliest, in terms of a transition back to higtheyr grades, now 2027, could you remind us what changed, why three more years? And ttheyn if ttheyre is a kind of formal assessment at tthey EPA level in Western Australia, could that change tthey timeline, would appreciate your thoughts on that. Thank you. William Oplinger Sure. So if we address kind of tthey suite of questions that you have, I think, we made good progress in tthey third quarter on ttheir issue. We have been working with tthey government, and we've been working with tthey agencies and tthey government to get our annual mine approvals processed, we've submitted what's called a revised mine management program for '23 to 2027 with tthey enhancements that we talked about in tthey presentation. And essentially wtheyre that gets us to is that we expect that decisions will be taken ttheir quarter, both on tthey mine plan approvals and tthey EPA assessment process. So I think it's a big step forward for tthey company, we should have some clarity ttheir quarter. Now to address your question about what changed between our prior guidance and today's guidance, if you go back and look at our prior guidance we are very careful to note that ttheyre was not great clarity beyond 12 and 18 months, so we were essentially saying, theyy, tthey -- we're expecting tthey lower grades for 12 to 18 month period. Since that time, with tthey concessions that we have made in tthey MMP process, we now have some better clarity. We've been able to work those concessions through tthey mine plans and tthey mine models. And we've developed tthey detailed plans for tthey most economic ways to mine tthey areas, that are now, that we believe are likely to be assessable under tthey approvals. And even with our best thoughts as far as mining and blending plans, we can get back to tthey theirtorical grades that we've seen prior times. However, as we transition to Myara North, we believe that tthey geological sampling in those new regions will support tthey better grades that transition will occur, we expect in tthey '27 timeframe. I hope that addresses your question. Lucas Pipes That is very theylpful. Ttheyre are more questions theyre, but I'll jump back in tthey queue. Thank you so much and best of luck. William Oplinger Okay, thanks. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good afternoon Jim, Bill, Molly. William Oplinger Hey, Michael. Molly Beerman Hey, Michael. Michael Dudas Bill, can you just share some thoughts since you were promoted to tthey Chief Operating Officer earlier ttheir year. I guess maybe six to seven months in that job and what did you find out after moving from tthey finance chair about tthey company and I'm assuming some of ttheyse implementations were your ideas. And ttheyn how you could translate that as CEO to allow Alcoa to capture more of tthey anticipated cost reductions and likely and hopefully pricing improvements that should run through tthey business in a more normalized environment over tthey next couple of years. William Oplinger So what I found out wtheyn I transitioned from a long stint as tthey CFO, 10 years as tthey CFO into what turned out to be a short stint in tthey COO role was a couple of things. First of all, I was happy to find that we have great people in operations. We have people who have long tenure, you know, 20, 30 years with tthey company that have tremendous institutional knowledge. But we've also brought in a lot of newer people who see things in new ways, and do things new ways. So I was really pleased to get to see that. And just as an aside, loved my COO role for eight months. Tthey ottheyr thing that I learned ttheyre was a tremendous amount of opportunity out ttheyre and people were really wanting to do things differently, wanting to aggressively address some things and so I thought ttheyre was tremendous amount of opportunity. So if I transition to some thoughts around tthey CEO role just to be clear, and I'm sure ttheir question may be was embedded in your original question or will be asked later on, tthey strategy and direction of tthey company is largely unchanged. We know wtheyre we're going from a strategic perspective. Tthey thing that I'm trying to drive as CEO and you see ttheir changing over tthey last year or so is really a cultural change that cultural change is making decisions at a faster pace. It's having a performance orientation in everything we do. And really an expectation of excellence in everything we do and I hit upon ttheir in my prepared remarks, wtheyttheyr it's operations maintenance, finance, an expectation of really being excellent. If we ttheyn couple that with what I think are tthey intheyrent advantages of Alcoa, so some of tthey intheyrent advantages of our company. We are present in all aspects of tthey value chain. We're a pure-play aluminum company. We're not spending time on ottheyr parts of battery minerals, we are focused exclusively on being successful in Aluminum. We have a global presence and back to that first part of tthey question, I think we have unmatctheyd technical expertise still in ttheir company. We haven't really shown it in tthey last couple of years on tthey operations side. But I think it's ttheyre and we're starting to show it now. So wtheyn I combine all of that, I translate that into an ambition for tthey company that we want to re-establish ourselves as tthey premier aluminum company in tthey world. And I think we can do that and not to go on too long, Michael. I'm really excited and I'm really happy to be in tthey role that I am in. Michael Dudas Appreciate those observations. Looking out how quickly do you think you can implement tthey culture and, you know, kind of get best practices throughout tthey organization and productivity enhancements to show meaningful results or achieve those goals. Is it a three months, six months a year, is it something that can -- how urgent do you see that process even though tthey overall strategy has not changed? William Oplinger Right, so Rome wasn't built in a day. We're not going to change tthey culture of ttheir company in a day or a week or a quarter. However, look at tthey bridge that Molly showed, we saw production cost improvements for tthey first time in a long time in tthey third quarter and just so you understand how that bridge works, that's largely because we were able to make tthey tons. And so we were able to make tthey tons in tthey third quarter and tthey guidance that ttheyy gave was a pretty strong guidance with tthey exception of tthey carbon change from tthey Norwegian government which is totally outside of our control. So I think we're seeing some of that change today already and I think you'll see more in tthey future and everybody I talk to within Alcoa, theyars tthey story of performance culture. We're trying to drive a performance culture and it's all about having expectations of excellence and driving those expectations of excellence and I think we've seen that on tthey upside to some extent. We've set records in Quebec. We're getting better stability in places like Brazil and tthey restart, much significantly better stability, and operational performance in our Western Australia assets, even though ttheyy have worse bauxite quality. So I think we're seeing it now and hopefully accelerate into tthey future. Michael Dudas Excellent, Bill. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Bill Peterson Yeah, hi, good afternoon, thanks for taking tthey questions and, you know, Bill, good luck in tthey new role. William Oplinger Thanks, Bill. Bill Peterson So I wanted to take a step back to maybe more macro supply demand. So you just said you mentioned at LME. I guess what's tthey latest you've seen in terms of supply demand balance, I guess in tthey context of restarts in Yunnan, you know, relatively weak, you know, macro backdrop. And ttheyn I guess maybe on tthey end market demand side, wtheyre are you seeing most resilience and ttheyn what remains most muted and any sort of color between regions? William Oplinger So, 2023 is going to go down as a pretty tough year for tthey aluminum industry. In 2023, we see a slight surplus on tthey aluminum side. On Alumina it's fairly balanced and so, you know, on tthey aluminum side, we see about an 800,000 ton surplus in 2023. Tthey reason for that is demand in rest of world -- rest of world actually contracted in 2023. So some of tthey big demand drivers in tthey rest of world that we've seen ttheir year are really a reduction -- significant reduction in building and construction, actually a reduction of demand in packaging of all places, ever so slight and so across tthey board, we're seeing some weakness in tthey end markets. Now, you referenced my trip to tthey LME wtheyre pretty resoundingly what we theyar amongst all tthey industry players is that 2023 and maybe going into 2024 can still be difficult times for aluminum, but it's just a matter of time wtheyre aluminum has a significantly better market environment. Tthey reason why we see that as that demand continues to grow, starting to see even in 2024, a rebound in places like building and construction, some of tthey destocking that we saw occur in can ttheyyet is now over. So, we should see a rebound in demand ttheyre. And we fundamentally believe that tthey Chinese cap on supply will be maintained at tthey 45 million metric tons, and we can address why we believe that. But over time, we see that tthey market fundamentals for tthey metal itself are really driven by some of tthey macro trends over tthey longer period of time with tthey EVs and solar, should be significantly better than ttheyy are today. But with that said, it's been a pretty tough year on demand in aluminum. Bill Peterson That's great color. I may have missed it, but I believe last quarter you -- ttheyre was an update about San Ciprian discussing tthey planned phase restart to start at tthey beginning of 2024 with full restart by October '25. And ttheyn we're obviously trying to basically capture and set tthey PPA's in motion. But can you give us an update ttheyre, again, I may have missed it, but I didn't see that in tthey prepared remarks. William Oplinger Yeah, so let me, let me give you an update. We continue to work toward really achieving tthey long-term economic viability of tthey site in Spain. And that -- and in tthey case of tthey smelter that allows for a restart in 2024. However, as basically tthey question that you just asked, we are starting -- we see significant challenges that need to be overcome for that site to be viable, including soft demand for tthey value-add products, that site makes slab and billet, low aluminum prices in ttheir -- in tthey case of Europe high power costs and delay in permitting, and construction of some of tthey alternative power supplies that we had been looking at. We hope to overcome ttheyse challenges to allow for a progressive restart through tthey end of 2025, but it's been and it remains very difficult. So that's tthey situation in Spain. Bill Peterson Okay, thanks again, and best wittheyys theyre moving forward. William Oplinger Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Independent Research. Please go atheyad. John Tumazos Thank you very much for taking my question. Comparing to tthey containerboard market today, International Paper announced ttheyy were shutting 900,000 tons or about 2.5% of US supply. In tthey world of aluminum market, obviously, China is 59% of output and some of tthey ottheyr continents don't have very much production left. Tthey bigger ottheyr regions are Russia which is hydro, Canada which is hydro, India which is coal, and tthey Persian Gulf which is gas. Do you think it's possible to have a 2.5% supply reduction event in tthey world of aluminum industry tthey way it's structured today? William Oplinger John, that's a hard question and give me just a second to formulate an answer. John Tumazos Sure. I'm sorry to compare, ttheyre's never been a 10% non-recessionary fall in tthey containerboard industry before. It took that industry a long time to get a grip on it and aluminum isn't down 10%, it's just not growing tthey way would be normal. William Oplinger So let me give you and you and I have known each ottheyr a long time and we've both been around ttheir industry for a long time. So, let me give you a qualitative theirtorical perspective. Ttheir industry has not had a problem on tthey demand side with tthey exception of tthey global financial crisis wtheyre we saw demand fall off and ttheyn inventories build. Ttheir year we've seen demand fall off and yet inventories have not built -- been built significantly. So inventories and wtheyttheyr ttheyy're -- wtheyttheyr ttheyy're on tthey LME or on tthey market or off-market inventories remain theirtorically pretty low. As we look forward, we see a rebound of demand going into 2024 and really see strong demand trends that are driven by tthey mega-trends going out into tthey future. Tthey question has theirtorically been, will tthey Chinese maintain tthey 45 million metric ton cap? We are seeing indications that we believe that ttheyy will maintain that cap. If ttheyy do maintain that cap and demand continues to grow, that should assist tthey fundamentals of tthey industry. As far as a significant and to address your question on 2.5% cut in supply, tthey areas around tthey world wtheyre supply is under -- is under pressure, specifically is in Europe and we know that ttheyre are some plants that have theydged, that those theydges will be rolling off over time. We have our own challenged plant in Europe and so, you know, it remains to be seen wtheyttheyr tthey industry takes 2.5% cut out or not. John Tumazos Thank you. We're all looking for demand, Bill. William Oplinger Yeah, thanks. Thanks, John, and it was good to talk with you. John Tumazos Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Alex Hacking with Citi. Please go atheyad. Alexander Hacking Yeah. Thanks, Jim, Bill and Molly and let me add my congratulations, Bill, on tthey new role. William Oplinger Thanks, Alex. Alexander Hacking Just following up on WA right, so it seems like we're in tthey low grades now until 2027. As we think about, you know, tthey mine moves north that are going to start, you know, producing or mining in 2027, what are tthey major risk factors around that, how should we think about that and how should we think about tthey timeline, because if you're going to be mining in 2027, I assume you need, you know, infrastructure, pre-stripping all kinds of things that are going need to be done atheyad of that. So I guess, how should we think about tthey risks and timelines? Thanks. William Oplinger So, Molly and I are going to team up on ttheir one a little bit. Tthey permitting process that we have undertaken for tthey Myara North move is what's called a part four permitting process. It is a modernized recognized permitting process within Western Australia for starting a new mine site and it requires a lot of information, and so we made that choice going back, I think it was in 2020 to move that modernized process for Myara North. We made that choice because we recognized that tthey customized process that we have currently really needed to be modernized and our stakeholders wanted tthey more modernized process. So tthey risk that I see is around that permitting process. Now, we're doing everything that we can to mitigate that risk and wtheyn we get closer to that time period, we will have line of sight. I can tell you we are very energized around reducing tthey time between wtheyn we get that permit to go and wtheyn we open up tthey mine phase. And given tthey fact that we've had some delays in permitting, we're really trying to focus our efforts on making sure that we minimize that time between getting tthey permit and actually getting bauxite out of tthey ground. So Molly anything you want to add to that? Molly Beerman No, I'll just add as far as our guidance on tthey about $45 million impact that we're currently seeing in tthey quarter, we have plans to continue to mitigate that number, you saw tthey first action announced ttheir quarter with Kwinana's severence program ttheyre, so that, that will save $10 million, and it's just tthey first bit of announcement. But we will keep moving through and finding productivity enhancements or portfolio changes to work that number down. Alexander Hacking Hi. Thanks, that's theylpful. I guess wtheyn you talk about, you know, tthey permits obviously being tthey key risk. You know, if I remember correctly, ttheyre are some, you know, potential issues with proximity to local communities. You know, are ttheyre ottheyr, you know, major permitting hurdles that you could foresee, I know ttheir is a very kind of generic question, but, you know, any more color would be theylpful. Thanks. William Oplinger Not forecasting any issues around tthey part four process per se, but let me give you color around some of tthey concessions that we've made in tthey current process. Tthey current MMP process, which we anticipate to be decided by tthey end of ttheir year. We've added additional controls for protection of drinking water. We have agreed on distances from mining a certain distance from some of tthey key reservoirs and we've agreed to accelerating rehabilitation, and to increase tthey biodiversity in tthey near-term on tthey rehab. So those are tthey three areas that we have been discussing with tthey stakeholders and to try to get tthey current mine approvals through tthey process. Alexander Hacking Okay, thanks. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on Alumar if I may. I think tthey message last quarter ttheyre was, you fixed tthey conveyor issues and, you know, above 60%, has something else gone wrong in tthey last quarter or are you still on track from wtheyre you were ttheyn? Thanks. William Oplinger Something big happened in Brazil in tthey quarter, ttheyre was a massive power outage. And if you follow our competitor ttheyre, Alunorte had tthey same issue, Albras had tthey same issue. We lost power for close to three and half hours in tthey smelter at Alumar. And that has knock-on impacts, not only on tthey smelter but on tthey refinery too. Now, thank goodness we had good stability, we had recovered stability going into that. We were able to get through that power outage, you know, what happens in a power outage in a smelter is that you stress tthey parts bringing back ttheym -- bringing ttheym back online. We lost a few parts, I think we probably lost close to a dozen parts bringing tthey plant back online from that power outage. So that was a setback. That really is out of tthey control, it impacted something like two-thirds of tthey country in Brazil. And so it was a setback for tthey plant. Ttheyy've recovered. Ttheyy have a daily action plan. It's a daily go, no-go on restarting parts and increasing amperage and as we said in tthey prepared remarks, we're at about 65% today. Alexander Hacking Okay, that's super theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Timna Tanners Yeah. Hey, good afternoon. I thought I would pivot a little bit, if I could, talking a little bit about some of your strategic initiatives and tthey cash flows, if I could. So first off, I just want to ask, I know you talked about advances in EcoLum and EcoSource, but can you elaborate a bit on tthey premium that you're garnering ttheyre? William Oplinger Tthey premiums are consistent with tthey premiums that you see quoted on various sources. So, it depends on tthey product, but tthey premiums are anywtheyre between $10 and $30 a ton. Timna Tanners Okay, that's theylpful, thanks. And ttheyn if we look at your cash balance, I know in tthey past you've said that you wanted to keep it at or below -- at or above a $1 billion and it kept below that. I know it's not a perfect number, but if we look at tthey cash resources and use year-to-date, if ttheyre's not a lot of free cash flow at ttheyse commodity prices even with tthey third quarter strong working capital release, and ttheyn we had from your Investor Day, you know, a great amount of initiatives that you're progressing on, I know you referred to ttheym in tthey beginning as well like Australia refineries tthey future, et cetera, and I'm just wondering how do we reconcile again ttheir commodity price environment, with some of those initiatives and some of tthey cash needs to source those. So tthey CapEx requirements going forward, are ttheyy compatible with ttheir earnings environment or how are you thinking about that? Molly Beerman Okay, thanks Timna. First of all, thanks for asking me a question. So let me just say on our cash position now, we're at $926 million. We still have access to significant liquidity. We have our undrawn revolving credit agreement, we have our auxiliary credit line. So those are available to us as needed. As you know we've taken action in tthey past working capital programs to monetize that we can take more aggressive actions on cost control and portfolio actions, but for us, if I look at kind of tthey short-term cash preservation, it really is focusing on our operations that are consuming more cash than generating. So that is tthey focus Bill mentioned earlier, we have key sites that we are working to improve. So that's tthey near-term on tthey cash management. On our CapEx, you can even see from ttheir year, instead of adding to our CapEx project list, and filling tthey queue to spend tthey whole budget, we ended up staying just with tthey capital plans that were already on tthey agenda. As ttheyy slowed spending, which typically happens, we allow that just to happen, and so we've saved some money on CapEx. We can do that again with tthey programs that are in tthey next queue, and if you look out to our breakthrough technologies, each of those have to meet a certain criteria before ttheyy're going to receive funding, most of those now are pointing toward funding in 2025 and later. So we still have time for those and working through that financing and funding. Timna Tanners Got it. So bluntly ttheyn if tthey commodity price stays at ttheyse levels, you know, no concerns in terms of proceeding with some of those initiatives ELYSIS Australia refinery of tthey future et cetera, but if we started to get into 2025, and didn't see much aluminum price improvement, ttheyn it might be needing to rethink some of those capital outlays. Is that a fair conclusion? Molly Beerman Yes, that's fair, Timna. Timna Tanners Okay, great. Thank you for tthey theylp. Operator Tthey next question is from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos De Alba Yes, thank you very much. Congratulations, Bill. Just on -- coming back -- coming back to Western Australia. So I just want to understand if you know what might be potentially tthey implications of tthey EPA deciding to do a formal assessment of your -- of your MMP's and mining plans. Would that result primarily on just a longer approval process, maybe more detailed analysis and requirements or will also result in higtheyr costs, may be above our -- not beyond tthey 45 that you have, but that would prevent tthey 45 to completely come back to zero, once you are getting into tthey 2027 mining plan or those areas in 2027 with better bauxite quality. William Oplinger So, Carlos, you can imagine we completely understand what tthey process is, at least from a legal and a tactical perspective going forward. I really hate to speculate on what -- what an assessment would look like, what an assessment would cover and until we had better insight into tthey EPA's decision-making process around what ttheyy would actually be assessing, it's really hard to answer that question. We're moving forward on tthey path to, you know, over tthey next 75 days to ensure that our permits get approved through tthey process and that's tthey focus. If we find ourselves in an assessment part of tthey process, we'll have to determine what is assessed and what tthey impact will be at that point and we'll let you know. Carlos De Alba All right. Okay. And before I ask a question on smelting just a clarification, maybe Molly, I thought you were -- you had guided to around $55 million impact in tthey third quarter because of tthey bauxite issues, increasing from 45 in tthey second quarter. So you did better than that, right. Just to make sure that, that is based on tthey initiatives and tthey efforts you're doing to control ttheyse costs. Molly Beerman Yeah, Carlos, it's actually three things. We did draw on stockpiles that had slightly better quality than we expected during tthey third quarter. We also see tthey refineries operating very well with tthey lower bauxite quality and ttheyn third, you're right, tthey mitigation efforts are just starting to drive down costs. Carlos De Alba All right, thank you, Molly. And ttheyn finally, is ttheyre any update or any comments that you can provide on tthey situation of European smelters, I mean Lista remains with a third of tthey capacity shutdown. I don't know if ttheyre is any renegotiation or upcoming renegotiations of contracts for energy in Lista and Motion or tthey smelter in Ireland that is relevant given wtheyre prices are today. William Oplinger So let's look at ttheym independently, Motion is very well positioned and has a good energy source, is probably one of our most profitable plants in tthey system. So, Motion is in good shape. However, ttheir new carbon legislation that is potential that could be -- could be passed into law in December, I think, we've noted tthey fact that we could have up to $24 million negative in tthey fourth quarter associated with Motion and Lista on based on that new carbon legislation. That type of a change in legislation makes it really difficult to make long-term decisions around investments in places like Norway. So, it's one of tthey disappointing things that I continue to see out of tthey Norwegian budgeting system that -- that it really, really makes it hard to determine that you're going to put a lot of capital into an environment wtheyre ttheyre is not a good structure around carbon or at least a predictable structure around carbon. In tthey case of Lista, Lista is slightly different, no plans at ttheir point to potentially restart that idled capacity, Lista given its size, given its age, given its cost structure is under a lot of pressure, and so revert back to my comments from earlier in tthey presentation. Lista is an area that we're looking at, it's very similar to Kwinana, every opportunity to try to make that plant more competitive and we need to give some of tthey theyadwinds that's facing especially on tthey carbon side. Carlos De Alba All right, great. And listen you have also a good contract ttheyre and no changes in tthey short term, right. William Oplinger We have a long-term power contract in Iceland, ttheyre is a repricing mechanism that comes up later in tthey decade, but that's later I would say in tthey 2027 - 2028 timeframe. Carlos De Alba Thank you very much, Bill. Operator Tthey next question is from Chris LaFemina with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr LaFemina Thanks. Hey, Bill. Congratulations on tthey new role and good luck. William Oplinger Thank you. Christoptheyr LaFemina So just a question on tthey WA mining situation. So if tthey EPA does an assessment on tthey 2022 five-year plan, which is, I guess tthey one that you're operating under right now. Can you continue to mine, so I understand tthey point about lower grades until 2027 wtheyn you move up to Myara and Holyoake, but before that, is ttheyre a risk that ttheyy would -- ttheyy would basically not allow you to mine because reviewing tthey plan that you currently operating or do you -- do you have confidence that you'd be able to continue to mine under tthey existing plan. William Oplinger Well, I think ttheyre are a variety of different outcomes that could occur if ttheyy go to a full assessment, but again as I answered to Carlos, let's see what gets assessed and we will react accordingly. We're confident that we are doing all tthey right things to avoid eittheyr having an assessment or not getting our mine permits approved. So, we're doing all tthey right things, we have line of sight to have an answer ttheir quarter we believe and if we -- depending on that outcome we will take tthey right actions. Christoptheyr LaFemina And does tthey -- does tthey decision at tthey EPA makes as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy'll do an assessment, get impacted by tthey concessions that you're offering to make now or do ttheyy just base it on what tthey existing plan basically allows you to do? William Oplinger You know, I don't know tthey answer to that one. So we would need to revert back to you. I'm not certain of that. Christoptheyr LaFemina Okay. All right. Thank you very much and good luck. William Oplinger Thanks. Operator Thanks. And our final question today is a follow-up from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Thank you very much, operator. Thank you very much for taking my follow-up question, Western Australia again that tthey $45 million order of magnitude what sort of savings could you be looking at, I think, you noted $10 million at Kwinana that would take it down to $43 million or so per quarter going forward. Order of magnitude, how much more could you be looking at? Thank you very much. Molly Beerman Lucas, I don't have tthey -- I don't have a number. Again ttheyse are efforts that we're going to continue to work through. And as ttheyy are restructuring our programs that needs to be announced, we'll certainly do that. Ottheyrwise, you'll simply see tthey additional savings work into our outlook as we progress through time. But I can tell you, we have dedicated teams on it. Ttheyy're working very aggressively to identify savings, we've got a great pipeline of opportunities. So I do believe we will have meaningful mitigation to share. But I don't have a number for you today. Lucas Pipes I appreciate that. Again, best of luck. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Oplinger for closing remarks. William Oplinger Thanks for your questions, and interest in our company. As you can theyar from my comments, it's a true honor to lead ttheir company as we're positioned for long-term success. I really believe with disciplined focus and you've theyard a lot of our talk around disciplined focus today, we will build an even stronger company for tthey future. I look forward to talking to many of you in tthey fourth quarter results in January and until ttheyn be safe. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.