Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Deutscthey Bank's 12th Austinual Global Basic Materials Conference June 9, 2021 11:15 AM ET Company Participants William Oplinger - VP and CFO Conference Call Participants Sattheirh Kasinathan - Deutscthey Bank Sattheirh Kasinathan Hi, good morning. Thank you for joining tthey Deutscthey Bank's Global Basic Material Conference. I'm Sattheirh Kasinathan, and I'm pleased to have Alcoa with us today for ttheir conference. We have with us, tthey Vice President and CFO, Bill Oplinger. Tthey format today will be a hybrid. It will be a short presentation followed by a Q&A. I would like to remind everyone that please submit your questions to tthey Q&A box that you have on tthey - on your left hand side of your screen. I would now like to hand over to Bill Oplinger up for their presentation. William Oplinger Thanks Sattheirh. As you said, I have some prepared remarks for today. And after that, I'll be happy to take your questions. Ttheyre are a couple of slides at tthey front that I ask investors to take a look at ttheyir leisure, it's tthey non-GAAP and safe harbor messages. But if you jump to one of our first slides, just for those of you who aren't familiar with Alcoa, you should get familiar with us. We have about 13,000 employees globally. We're in 16 countries. We're an industry leader in all aspects of tthey upstream aluminum business. We're vertically integrated in bauxite mining, alumina refining, and aluminum smelter. And tthey company has been in business since 1886, wtheyn our founder started tthey modern industrial aluminum business. We see wtheyn we started we essentially started with three simple values. And we live by ttheyse values every day, act with integrity, operate with excellence and care for people. And I'd say that those values continue to serve us very well. We also employed three strategic priorities again, investors should keep ttheyse in mind, because we follow ttheyse on a regular basis. First priority is reduced complexity, which theylps us below costs. Second is to drive returns from our investments. And thirdly, is to advance sustainably which means we're creating enterprise and sustainable financially, operationally, environmentally, and socially. And we're on an exciting journey over tthey last five years and turn to tthey next slide. You'll see in our three business segments we're extremely well positioned. In bauxite, we're amongst tthey world's largest bauxite producers with efficient sustainable mining operations. We maintain first quartile cost position and supply our own internal refineries and have external third-party customers also. In tthey refining business, we're tthey world's largest alumina producer outside of China, and we have a first quartile cost position. We also have tthey world's largest third-party alumina business. Importantly, we're tthey lowest CO2 intensity producer in tthey industry. And we recently launctheyd tthey EcoSource low-carbon alumina product. That's tthey only smelter grade alumina product on tthey market that guarantees low carbon emissions. In tthey aluminum segment, we're currently a low second quartile cost producer, but we aim to move to tthey first quartile following our ongoing portfolio review. And that should be completed by tthey end of 2024. Roughly 78% of our smelters are powered by renewable energy, and we're targeting 85% after tthey portfolio review, and we do have green aluminum product suite, and we continue to make increasing sales of our EcoLum, EcoDura green aluminum products. In terms of some of tthey recent actions that we've had, 2021 we've substantially strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet. We've also substantially reduced cash requirements for tthey future years. We closed tthey Warrick rolling mill sale in tthey first quarter. After doing that we improve proportional, adjusted net debt over $700 million compared to tthey end of 2020. Currently, we have a target range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion of proportional net debt. So at tthey end of first quarter, we are only $200 million higtheyr than our target range of proportional net debt. We funded $500 million of pension funding in April and that’s improved our pension funding status over 90% globally. In tthey U.S., which is wtheyre our largest pension liabilities and assets are, we're over 95% funded. We've got a $1 billion prefunding balance and we anticipate using that $1 billion prefunding balance in tthey U.S. to lower our expenditures over tthey next few years. Assuming tthey use of tthey prefunding balance, our expected total pension and OPEB cash funding requirements in 2022, are now only $90 million and even less than that going into future years. We've also reduced our interest costs we call $750 million of bonds, those were 6.75% coupon that were maturing in 2024. We have no significant maturities until 2026. So tthey balance ttheyyet is in a very strong position. Not only is tthey balance ttheyyet in a strong position, tthey actions that we've taken has really cleared tthey runway for future capital allocation decisions. And should market conditions remain favorable and we generate excess cash, we'll deploy it in one of four ways. You see that in tthey bottom right hand corner of ttheir chart, ttheyse are in no particular order and will continue to make progress against our targeted net debt ratio. Potentially return cash to shareholders, transforming tthey portfolio will continue to cost money. And we've done actions on that recently, but could continue to cost us. And ttheyn on top of that, we've got value creating projects that we're evaluating on wtheyttheyr ttheyy would be a good time to do invest in ttheir value creating projects. We move more broadly to tthey market. As if you followed tthey aluminum story over tthey last decade, it's been a story of solid demand growth. However, prices have been constrained by Chinese supply growth. If anything, today's demand growth is stronger than we've seen. We've seen significantly strong demand growth on a year-over-year basis in all of our regions, all of our industries. But it seems that tthey supply dynamic is also changing for tthey better, and aluminum prices in China and tthey rest of tthey world have risen 40% ttheir year. And that's even considering tthey Chinese government's recent attempts to rein in some of tthey commodity prices and supply growth has slowed over tthey last four to five years due to a combination of slower developments in manufacturing as well as China's supply side reforms. Those reforms include strictly enforcing a 45 million metric ton limit on permitted smelter capacity. In addition to that, China has announced ottheyr policies impacting aluminum industry supply and costs. China set targets of achieving peak carbon emissions by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060. China has announced in its latest five-year target five-year plan to target to reduce by 18% its carbon intensity per unit of GDP by 2025, as well as targets for individual provinces. And we're already seeing those changes on tthey ground with some provinces preventing tthey launch of new energy intensive industrial projects and ottheyrs cancelling preferential power tariffs for smelters. In addition, China Nonferrous Metals Industry Association announced in April a draft called for peaking emissions in tthey industry by 2025. That's five years atheyad of tthey national carbon peak goal as well as a target to reduce by 40% industry carbon emissions by 2040. That implies annual aluminum production peak is approximately 41 million metric tons in 2025. Furttheyrmore, China has launctheyd its own national emissions trading sctheyme, which will first target tthey power industry including captive power, it's likely that tthey next round will focus on emissions intensive industries that include primary aluminum, with more than 80% of its aluminum smelters powered by coal, adding carbon related costs and supply restrictions will be a challenge for primary aluminum in China. In summary, we think China's recent moves toward decarbonization have tthey potential to address persistent overcapacity in tthey country. And that can drive significant positive change in tthey global aluminum industry fundamentals. And I told you, I try to make it brief, but I'm going to finish my comments around how we view our Alcoa. And if I could just summarize it very briefly, we think we're tthey right company in tthey right industry at tthey right time today. Tthey company is in its best position since becoming a standalone company in November 2026. Our business fundamentals have strong foundations. And we've been able to accomplish a number of our key aspects of our strategic plan. Commercially, it's important for you to know that we offer tthey broadest suite of sustainable aluminum industry products. We sell to third-parties all along tthey upstream value chain. And we have long-term smelter contracts based on renewable energy. And as I said 78% renewable energy moving to 85% overtime. Operationally, our reputation as a value driven EH&S focus, proven operator supports our licensed operators around tthey world. That's probably more important today than it's ever been in our industry. And financially, we're maintaining are targeting first quartile cost positions in all three segments of our business. Our proportional net debt is approaching tthey target range atheyad of sctheydule. And we've cleared tthey runway for - of many of tthey major cash requirements over tthey next four to five years with no maturities until 2026 and greatly reduced pension and OPEB cash requirements. That's not it's not tthey only thing at tthey same time ESG considerations are more important than ever, and Alcoa is well positioned ttheyre also. We're already one of tthey lowest carbon intensity producers. We've set aggressive targets to get even lower. And at tthey same time, we're working on breakthrough technology called ELYSIS with partners Rio Tinto, and that could change tthey aluminum smelting business forever. We have an excellent reputation, our local communities, and we have state-of-tthey-art corporate governance practices that we launctheyd back in 2016. So I think we are right company. I think tthey industry is tthey right industry today. Aluminum is an integral element of today and tomorrow's low carbon economy. It has unrivalled properties and infinite recyclability. And that makes it preferred solution for transportation, electrical, packaging, building construction, machinery and ottheyr segments. So we're tthey right company. It's tthey right industry. And now is tthey right time for Alcoa. So with that, I'll turn it over to you Sattheirh and we'll take some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Sattheirh Kasinathan Hi, thank you for that. And I would like to remind everyone to keep submitting ttheyir questions. We already have a few. I'll just start on. You already touctheyd upon tthey supply demand dynamics for aluminum but I just want to drill down on tthey supply side a little bit. So with tthey current aluminum prices, what's your view on tthey potential for restarts both from an overall industry perspective as well as within Alcoa? William Oplinger Sure, so let me just furttheyr elaborate a little bit on some of my comments around tthey supply side. Many of you have theyard and just to reiterate, ttheyre have been supply side cuts in China in tthey near term in a number of different provinces, Inner Mongolia, Jinjiang, Ningxia, and now at Yunnan are all starting to cut capacity for a variety of reasons, wtheyttheyr it's environmental reasons or energy reasons, we've started to see some of those cuts. As I said, we think tthey Chinese are committed to tthey 45 million metric ton cap. And as I said, ttheyy could even target a lower cap than tthey 45 million metric tons. Ttheyy're very focused on driving tthey carbon agenda and really driving towards peak carbon emissions by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060. So I guess our view is in tthey near term, tthey supply side restrictions in China are positive and we see tthey dynamics on tthey longer term being positive. As we consider our portfolio Sattheirh we have put up a portfolio review and placed back in 2019, 1.5 million metric tons of capacity. We curtailed tthey Intalco facility was roughly 280,000 metric tons of capacity. We have announced back in 2020, tthey potential layoff of folks - in tthey potential curtailment of San Ciprián in Spain. And so we took action ttheyre. We're now working through a process of potentially selling that site to tthey state of entity called SEPI. So we actively review all of our assets for both curtailment opportunities wtheyn costs are higtheyr than market but also potential restarts. You've probably theyard us talk most recently that tthey Alumar facility down in Brazil is being evaluated for a potential restart. That facility as I've said publicly before, it's well located in that, it's next door refinery has a great labor force. Right now tthey U.S. dollar is very strong in relation to tthey Real. We still need to work through tthey power supply ttheyre. We will also need to work through raw materials supplies and things like that. So at ttheir point, we continue to evaluate wtheyttheyr that makes sense to potentially restart our Alumar. So I hope I answered your question, Sattheirh. Sattheirh Kasinathan Yes, just a follow-up on Alumar. I think I think you already you also have like 100 million bad credit, which would be useful wtheyn you restart? And ttheyn in terms of any comments on what tthey restart cost could be, and timeline work on wtheyn you can get tthey power contracts in order? William Oplinger Yes, so no timeline at ttheir point. We have to - we have a number of things that have to be lined up. That's power, that's raw materials. We have a partner in San Luis. So working through all of that. So at ttheir point, we're not prepared to make any announcement eittheyr direction on Alumar. Put it in perspective, we've restarted a number of facilities over tthey last five years for a variety of different reasons. We restarted tthey ABI facility wtheyn it came out of a lockdown situation. Typically it restarts for us take about approximately a year from tthey time of announcing tthey restart, and tthey costs have been anywtheyre between $50 million and $100 million to restart tthey facility. So all of that goes into tthey consideration of wtheyttheyr a facility would be restarted. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. So switching to tthey low carbon side, I mean, so ttheyre's been news that, that tthey European government would consider including aluminum and steel into tthey carbon border adjustment tax. So - with an announcement expected probably next week, I think so any thoughts on what tthey implications could be for tthey overall industry and for Alcoa? Do you see any increase in premiums for value added products from that announcement? And what - and any ottheyr views? William Oplinger Yes, Sattheirh it is too early to speculate on what could - what first of all, what tthey adjustment could actually look like? And secondly, tthey impacts of tthey adjustment. So at ttheir point, we're going to wait to see what tthey adjustment mechanism looks like. And ttheyn we'll decide how we react to it and what we say externally, but it's just too early to make any type of determination. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, yes, I understand. So maybe we can ttheyn talk about your own low carbon initiatives. You already touctheyd upon it - on couple of your slides, but any furttheyr comments you would you'd like to add mainly tthey recent announcement about tthey mechanical vapor compression technology ttheyy are going to use for tthey refining of alumina. And also, you touctheyd upon, that you're already seeing some success in your green products. So have you been able to realize any premiums on that, on that product - on those products. William Oplinger So it's tthey right direction of tthey questions Sattheirh. So ttheyre's two areas for us on green, aluminum and furttheyr decarbonization of our processes. Tthey first is obviously tthey suite of products that we sell. So we have, as I said, tthey broadest suite of products in tthey industry. Nobody offers tthey suite of products that we do, which includes tthey EcoSource, low-carbon alumina product. So a little bit of a commercial theyre, you know, if smelters want to reduce ttheyir carbon footprint, one of tthey things that ttheyy can do is buy low-carbon alumina from our AWAC joint venture, and that provides ttheym a certified low-carbon alumina source. And nobody else offers that at ttheir time. We are selling now EcoSource, we have now made our first shipment of EcoSource ttheir month, in fact, so that's a positive. On tthey EcoLum and EcoDura side, we've been selling those products for a while now. Tthey amount of product is fairly small because we're just starting to see tthey burgeoning interest in tthey industry for low-carbon aluminum products. But we are having customers pay a premium to be able to buy low carbon aluminum products. On tthey ottheyr side of tthey equation is what we're doing around decarbonization for tthey company. Again, we're going from a 78% renewable energy to 85% renewable energy on our smelting portfolio is not a trivial task and that will position tthey portfolio extremely well. We announced working - we announced an investment by part of tthey Australian Government in some research that we're doing around decarbonizing tthey refining portfolio, tthey refining process, and that was specifically tthey question that you asked about mechanical vapor recompression. That's an ability to take waste, essentially waste theyat, and turn it into usable steam and in tthey process of - in tthey refinery. So we're working on that, it's a technology that's been used in ottheyr industries. It has not been extensively applied to tthey alumina refining processes, but we think it could be a significant breakthrough in lowering our carbon footprint, footprint and refining. And ttheyn on top of all that, we still have tthey ELYSIS project. And ELYSIS is a breakthrough technology that will fundamentally shift tthey way aluminum has been made since 1886, since our since our industry started. It would be using an anode and anode does not get consumed in tthey process of making metal. It will lower tthey overall cost structure by 15%. It's projected to lower capital costs by 15%. And it's projected to make no CO2 emission so would produce oxygen. And by 2024, we're projecting to have a commercialized package for ELYSIS. And all of those three activities, tthey green aluminum portfolio, tthey decarbonization that we have going on across our processes and tthey fact that we've got breakthrough technology both on tthey aluminum side and on tthey alumina process side, I think positions us well for tthey future. Sattheirh Kasinathan That's theylpful color. So probably I'll switch gears a little bit. If you look at tthey aluminum and steel light-weighting, it has garnered a lot of press. But I would like to switch to tthey copper and aluminum substitution given wtheyre tthey current ratio is. And do you think it will become a meaningful tailwind for long-term aluminum demand in tthey future and - which end markets or geographies, do you see that as a greatest potential? William Oplinger Ttheyre is a significant, copper prices obviously have run up significantly, so have aluminum, but copper is actually run up faster than aluminum. Tthey ratio of copper to aluminum is approaching some pretty high levels that we haven't seen since in tthey early 2010s. That ratio is greater than 3.5 times right now. And that's 3.5 times copper price to aluminum price. We think that 3.5 times and we're not alone. According to CRU tthey 3.5 times drive substitution away from copper toward aluminum in electrical applications specifically. It is really hard Sattheirh for us to parse out how much of tthey demand growth that we see around tthey world is being driven by substitution and just demand recovery. So while, we believe that substitution is ongoing and could increase as copper prices go up. We typically just look at tthey market demand in aggregate and I’ll come back to some of tthey demand comments that I made earlier in tthey presentation. We see global demand growth outside of China at over 12%. We see internal China demand growth at over 6%. That adds up to around 9% year-over-year demand growth that's what's driving tthey strength in metal prices. And honestly, that's what's driving tthey strength in premiums that we see around tthey world. And wtheyttheyr that's - due in small part due to substitution. It probably is, but like I said it's hard to parse out exactly how much of that is substitution effects. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, so you - I mean you touctheyd upon tthey premiums a little bit so just on that. Do you have any view on tthey Midwest premium, which is right now at record highs? Do you have any views on tthey Canadian trade situation or do you think it will continue in ttheir way or ttheyre is chance for more imports from Canada or seaborne markets? William Oplinger Yes, so as you said, premiums are at record highs. Tthey Midwest premiums, I think ttheir morning was around $0.47 a pound. And you know that, in our view is being driven by a combination of things. One is that really, really strong demand and tthey fact that we do have tthey 232 tariffs. So assuming ttheyre is strong demand and 232 tariffs continue. We think that that Midwest premium should continue to be strong. And tthey Midwest premium really reflects tthey fact that tthey marginal metal unit is coming from outside of North America and with high shipping prices and premiums around tthey world being pretty high. We think that persists as long as tthey demand and 232 is still ttheyre. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. I think, I mean I'm going to switch to tthey most topical question now in tthey investors mind. So that's capital allocation so, theyaring you over tthey past few months even today, it's becoming more and more clear that a dividend position I mean is near? So I'm not going to ask tthey timeline, but maybe have you started to think about what your dividend policy could look like? Is it going to be a percentage of your excess cash flow or its going to be linked to LME or any thoughts? Have you have you started to have discussions with your Board regarding that? William Oplinger Yes, so discussions around capital allocation are ongoing internally and with our Board of Directors. One of tthey key things that we do is allocate capital correctly. And so, we consistently have a discussion with our Board of Directors around capital allocation. And as you know, tthey capital allocation program today has tthey four parts to it and I outlined those four parts. I believe that we will be within our target net debt range within ttheir year. And just to keep that in perspective that is a massive achievement for our company over tthey last five years. And as we get to that targeted net debt range will still which, again, should be at some point ttheir year, we'll be making decisions around capital allocation going forward. So, really more to come on that front Sattheirh, but tthey dialogue is ongoing within tthey company and tthey Board room. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, switching to 2Q, 2021 outlook so given tthey higtheyr aluminum price I mean, we are already through, almost done with tthey quarter, given tthey - 15 day lag on aluminum. So do you have any update on your 2Q, 2021 outlook, especially regarding tthey tax or any raw material inflation that you're seeing since your announcement in April? William Oplinger It's a very good question Sattheirh. In April if you recall, we gave some guidance around some of tthey short-term cost theyadwinds that we were seeing in tthey second quarter. And it was pretty clear and anybody that wasn't familiar with it should go back and look at tthey comments that we made back in April. Since that time, metal prices have markedly moved up. Tthey trailing 15 day Alumar average for first quarter versus second quarter is roughly $400 per ton higtheyr than what we saw in tthey first quarter. So we're expecting to have all that benefit of higtheyr prices hit tthey bottom line. And so that's really favorable. Along with those higtheyr prices, you typically see in our industry, a little bit of cost creep, and we are looking at around $10 million to $20 million of some higtheyr cost inflation in tthey second quarter. But that's just offsetting in a small part offsetting tthey $400 a ton, dropping to tthey bottom line. Thinking in total, I think tthey second quarter will represent substantial improvement versus tthey first quarter will be substantial improvement versus tthey second quarter last year. So we're on target to have a really strong second quarter. Sattheirh Kasinathan Yes, thank you for tthey color. Maybe switching to alumina a bit I mean we have talked a lot about aluminum. So alumina prices saw some movement in tthey last few days, but it's still relatively subdued versus aluminum. So what's your medium term outlook on tthey supply demand balance given tthey - I mean like higtheyr production and - within China and ttheyn tthey freight costs, which is impacting tthey pricing? William Oplinger So tthey aluminum market, we believe is fairly well balanced. And some of tthey, that tthey fact that alumina has stuck around tthey $275 to $280 per ton range, is largely due to higtheyr shipping costs and higtheyr shipping costs have shifted tthey balance within China to produce alumina as opposed to buying it externally. Ttheyy are tthey marginal producer of alumina. Ttheyy typically are very economic about that arbitrage window with higtheyr alumina landed costs, essentially due to tthey higtheyr shipping premiums. We're seeing ttheym produce more aluminum. What that means ttheyn is that tthey marginal alumina unit doesn't go into China it goes into tthey rest of tthey market. And it has theyld prices at that $275 to $280 range, so what - will happen in tthey future, will largely depend on what we see in shipping rates around tthey world. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, so maybe switching to I mean, you've talked about some medium term growth projects in tthey refining segment. Can you share some details on what I mean, and what price would lead to that decision? William Oplinger So we have three mid-sized growth projects that we've talked about externally two are in Australia, one is in Brazil. Tthey two in Australia, one is at Wagerup and one is at Jarrah ttheyre are roughly 1000 ton per day projects that so you can see ttheyy're not huge projects, but ttheyy are larger than our typical 1% creep that we try to get out of tthey facilities. In all three cases, we currently have those projects on hold. We're reevaluating tthey economics of those projects, and have not said that - ttheyy're going forward at ttheir point. So we're really looking at tthey capital costs to execute upon building those projects and trying to drive toward a capital cost that can improve tthey economics of tthey projects going forward. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay. So, just one ottheyr question on pension, so you made a lot of progress in on tthey pension front and you already talked about tthey reduced funding requirements. So what more do you plan to do in terms of maybe advertising it or anything else that you think you could derisk on tthey pension side? William Oplinger Yes, so to put it in perspective, tthey pension and OPEB liabilities for our company were a large, in my view a large material overhang on our stock price. Investors needed to understand pension accounting. Ttheyy needed to understand how our assets were invested. And at times, in tthey last five years, we were sub 70% funded status. We've made a commitment as a company over tthey last five years to improve that funded status. We've done a number of things to do that. We've managed tthey liability by freezing tthey pension for salaried employees that took effect ttheir year. We've borrowed tthey fund twice now $500 million tranctheys that converts a variable rate liability to essentially a fixed rate liability at fairly low costs. And we've changed our asset allocation from what was a fairly esoteric asset allocation to bit much simpler asset allocation. Tthey end result of all that is that globally, we're 90% plus funded. As I said in tthey U.S. we are 95% plus funded. We would be looking over tthey next few years that and ttheir is a question that's on investor’s mind, so I answer it practically. If interest rates were to go up, we'd be looking to annuitize that pension liability over time. We have tthey ability to inoculate tthey pension liability by putting more assets into a bond portfolio. We're doing that today. But tthey long-term, we'd be looking to actually try to annuitize that liability and get it off, of course balances in total. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, I think we are almost at tthey end of allotted time. So I’ll just ask if you have any closing remarks that you want to make. William Oplinger I guess my closing remarks to Sattheirh would be it's an exciting time for tthey industry. Tthey industry is going through a, what I believe is a sea change on ESG requirements, and Alcoa is at tthey absolute forefront of that sea change. I'll reiterate tthey point that I made on ttheir slide. Wtheyn you consider our company, we have a low cost position in all three parts of tthey value chain. We are extremely well positioned on tthey environmental and sustainability front through a number of different activities that we've taken. And our balance ttheyyet is now wtheyre it needs to be its stronger balance ttheyyet than it has been since we launctheyd. So, I’ll come back to tthey message that I had made theyre. I think we're tthey right company. Tthey industry is tthey right industry. It's finally getting to a point wtheyre it will be recognized for tthey growth opportunities that it has in a low carbon environment. And it's tthey right time for Alcoa. So it's a thrilling time to be part of tthey company. Sattheirh Kasinathan Okay, excellent. So yes, thanks Will for your time, and we really appreciate it. And I think that concludes tthey session. Thanks, everyone for joining and have a nice rest of tthey day. Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks Sattheirh.