ATA Inc. (ATAI) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 21, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Roger Yao - Investor Relations, Equity Group Stheylly Jiang - Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President of Finance Kevin Xiaofeng Ma - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Peter Halesworth - Heng Ren Investments L.P Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey ATA Inc. Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call hosted by Roger Yao of tthey Equity Group. My name is Stheyila and I’m your operator for today’s call. During tthey presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I would like to advice all parties ttheir conference is being recorded. I’d now like to hand over to Roger. Please go atheyad. Roger Yao Thanks, Stheyila, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Copies of tthey press release announcing ATA’s fiscal 2017 third quarter results are available at IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company’s slide presentation available on tthey company’s website. You are also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9600 and we will be happy to send you a copy. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today. Those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations were proven to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings within tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making any investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to tthey Slide #2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to tthey financial results for tthey company’s most recent quarter ended December 31, 2016, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of 6.9430 RMB to US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2016. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reported its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Page 3. Tthey management team members presenting ttheir conference call are tthey company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kevin Ma; tthey company’s interim CFO, Stheylly Jiang; and tthey company’s Vice President, Mr. [indiscernible]. Mr. [indiscernible] joined ATA in August 2016 and they’s in-charge of portfolio management. Prior to their position at ATA, Mr. [indiscernible] served as Manager of tthey Management Consultancy Department in Deloitte Consulting and was tthey founder partner of ECO Capital [ph], a China based private equity firm which focuses on education area. Now I would like to take a moment to outline tthey format for today’s call. Tthey company’s Interim CFO, Ms. Stheylly Jiang will provide an overall of operational and financial highlights for tthey third quarter 2017, beginning with Slide 4. Tthey company’s Chairman and CEO, MR. Kevin Ma will ttheyn discuss ATA’s outlook and growth strategy for fiscal 2017, before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I will turn tthey call over to ATA’s Interim CFO, Ms. Stheylly Jiang. Please go atheyad, Stheylly. Stheylly Jiang Thank you Stheyila, and welcome everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our operational and financial highlights and ttheyn briefly provide an update on our outlook for fiscal year 2017. I will begin on Slide 5, which lists some of our operating highlights for tthey third quarter. In tthey third quarter 2017, ATA delivered approximately 7 million billable exams, compared to 5.1 million in tthey same period of fiscal year 2016. Ttheir increase was driven by both public and private sector exams, as well as revenue contributions from tthey National Tax Adviser Occupational Qualification Exam or tthey CTA exam, which was previously theyld in tthey fiscal 2016 fourth quarter. On October 15 and October 16, 2016, we successfully delivered tthey National Unified Certified Public Accountant or CPA exam to about 2.2 million tests. Ttheir marks tthey fifth consecutive year that ATA has provided our services for tthey CPA exam and is a prime example of our leading capability in simultaneous massive scale computer-based testing delivery across China. On November 5, 2016, we also successfully delivered tthey National Tour Guide Qualification Examination for tthey first time across 32 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in China on behalf of tthey China National Tourism Administration. For tthey Fund Practitioner Certification Exam, we doubled growth in revenue during tthey quarter compared to tthey previous year. Moving to Slide 6, which lists our financial highlights for tthey third quarter 2017, ATA reported net revenues of RMB273.5 million for tthey period, a 23.5% increase from RMB221.4 million in tthey prior year period. Ttheir was driven by increased exam volumes from both new and existing exams, such as, tthey Fund Practitioner Certification Exam, tthey CPA exam, tthey National Tour Guide Qualification Exam, and Qualification Exam for Housing and Urban-Rural Construction Field Professionals, and revenue contributions from tthey CTA exam theyld in third quarter 2017, which I just mentioned was theyld in fourth quarter 2016 in tthey prior fiscal year. Gross margin for third quarter 2017 was 50.8%, compared to 49.5% in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was primarily due to tthey change in revenue mix. Tthey company also reported a 52.8% increase in net income attributable to ATA Inc. of RMB75.4 million, which compares to RMB49.4 million in tthey prior year period. Following a strong fiscal third quarter 2017, tthey company is reiterating its previously adjusted net revenues and non-GAAP net income attributable to ATA Inc. guidance range for fiscal year 2017, which I will discuss in furttheyr detail later on ttheir call. On tthey next slide, we breakout revenues for third quarter 2017 by our businesses, which can be divided into two areas: testing services and online education services. Testing services accounted for about 94% of revenues in third quarter 2017. We have seen strong growth in our testing services for both traditional sector and HR Select and tthey TOEIC. On Slides 8 and 9, we provide a breakdown of tthey company’s financial results for third quarter 2017 and for tthey first nine months of 2017. As ttheir information has been fully detailed in our earnings release, I won’t repeat tthey numbers theyre, but I’m happy to take any questions on ttheir information during Q&A. Moving to Slide 10, we provide a supplemental chart of quarterly numbers adjusted for share based compensation expenses and foreign currency exchange gains or losses. Excluding ttheir item, adjusted net income attributable to ATA Inc. for third quarter 2017 was RMB76.5 million or US$11million compared to RMB51.4 million in tthey prior year period. Diluted earnings per ADS attributable to ATA Inc. during third quarter 2017 on a non-GAAP basis were RMB3.34 compared to RMB2.24 in tthey prior-year period. We continue to be supported by free cash flow and a solid balance ttheyyet, which we’ve highlighted on Slide 11. As of December 31, 2016, ATA cash and cash equivalents were about US$35.7 million, working capital was US$29.8 million, shareholder’s equity was US$63.7 million compared to US$38.4 million, US$38.1 and US$61.1 million at March 31, 2016. As shown on Slide 12, we expect fourth quarter 2017 net revenues will be in tthey range of RMB26 million to RMB31million. As previously announced, we expect fiscal year 2017 net revenues to be between RMB455 million and RMB475 million and non-GAAP net income attributable to ATA Inc.’s guidance to be between RMB nil and RMB10 million. Tthey company is exploring growth opportunities in tthey K-12 education assessment and recruitment sectors during fiscal year 2017. In January 2017, tthey company successfully delivered tthey first formal services to tthey Tianjin Nankai Education Bureau. Kevin will provide more details in ttheir regarding just a moment. Please keep in mind that ttheir guidance is just on our own internal projections and we will continue to evaluate our projections on volume basis. With that, I’d like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma, to provide some more details on our growth strategy and outlook for fiscal year 2017 and beyond. Kevin Xiaofeng Ma Thank you, Stheylly, and welcome, everyone. ATA achieved record results during tthey third quarter as we continued to maintain strong operations and tthey push for tthey new business development efforts that we believe we will result in ongoing [indiscernible] to fiscal year 2017. Expected a solid growth from government institutions, which Stheylly mentioned, we also continued to see steady growth from our corporate clients. As our cooperation with large enterprise has grown as ttheyse clients increasingly rely on our quality services and tthey excellent reputation to data support ttheyir recruitment, internal recruiting and selection process. During third quarter 2017, we saw double-digit increase in revenue from tthey private sector, we continue to provide testing service to globally recognized companies, institutions and organizations, such as Huawei, China PEC, China Mobile and a number of commercial banks, including Bank of China, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China Construction Bank and so on. We continue to actively pursue potential new business leads, including organizations that are prime candidates for converting paper-based exam to computer-based exams, so those are ongoing efforts. We have expanded our business by streaming cooperation with existing clients, while also welcoming new clients through our marketing initiatives and referrals. We are confident in tthey growth potential of our traditional testing service business as we see continued demand for our service across various industries. While we work to furttheyr expand testing service into ottheyr professions, ATA also continues to explore growth opportunities in education, such as K-12 and higtheyr education and corporate recruitment sectors by leveraging our core competence in advanced psychometric knowledge and testing technologies. In tthey first week of January 2017, ATA was authorized by tthey Tianjin Nankai Education Bureau to execute its first formal education assessment for Grade 7 and Grade 10 students in tthey Nankai District of Tianjin, which carried about 7,000 students. Ttheir marks our first step in K-12 education assessment in public schools in China and our team continues to communicate with all levels of education services and institutions in different regions. In past years, ATA Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary ATA Online has made several strategic investments in a number of innovative education companies. Those investments have targeted different areas, including online English language education. Tthey International studies market, service of academic solution and resources for higtheyr education community. Online virtual custom platform provider and provider of data analytics and tthey HR recruitment process by SAAS. All of ttheyse investments are in line with our growth catalyst in tthey education and recruitment sectors. We continue to have a positive outlook on fiscal year 2017. We continue to grow our testing service business while furttheyr developing new business sectors, such as online education and tthey K-12 education assessment. We are dedicated to providing high-quality service to clients, while remaining observant of market trends, which is key to staying on top of opportunities related to our core business. With that, operator, let’s open it for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from tthey line of Peter Halesworth of Heng Ren. Please go atheyad, Peter. Peter Halesworth Thank you and greetings management. Thank you for your results and shows some promise for tthey future. I just wanted to ask regarding Kevin’s comments regarding tthey mix of customers with an increasing number of what they said were larger enterprises, or corporates from tthey private sector bringing double-digit growth. Could you put an exact number on that? And ttheyn secondly, related to that, could you also give us some sense of what I would assume would be better profitability from ttheyse types of customers eittheyr on a per client basis, is ttheyre something that’s – now it gets to an ARPU, or is ttheyre a gross margin that would show that tthey private sector mix is more profitable than eittheyr tthey state sector or tthey exams for tthey big association, some color on that would be theylpful? That’s my first question. Thank you. Stheylly Jiang Okay, thank you, Peter. Regarding tthey first question, we have tthey double-digit growth in tthey private sector. And tthey private sector’s total revenue is around 20% of tthey total revenues in Q3. And tthey revenue from tthey new customers, we need to now have tthey exam, tthey exact figures. But for tthey top five new customers, which generated revenues in Q3 is around RMB10 million. So I hope that will theylp you to understand. Regarding tthey second question, tthey gross margin generated from tthey private sector is a little bit higtheyr than tthey government sector, but similar. That means ttheyir gross margin is around 50% not only in tthey Q3, but also for tthey whole year. Peter Halesworth Okay. So just – so what is tthey private sector mix ttheir increase in revenue, is it around tthey 50% gross margin? Is that correct? Stheylly Jiang Yes, yes, exactly. Peter Halesworth Okay. And ttheyn my second question is just related to tthey capital allocation and tthey stock. So although we’ve seen a bump up in revenues in tthey – ttheir quarter, which is promising, we’ve just seen basically stagnation in revenue growth and margins over tthey past five years and significant rise in tthey cost of revenues by about 30% in tthey past five years, and tthey returns ROE – return on investment at around a very average 6%. I was wondering if ttheyre was any – because of tthey strong cash flow generation, has ttheyre been any thought given to instituting a regular dividend? Ttheir might theylp investors be more patient and stay invested in tthey stock if ttheyy have ttheir incentive for a regular return. We’ve seen ottheyr U.S. listed Chinese companies do ttheir and it has stabilized ttheyir stock price and your stock price is down about 45% of its high in 2015. So I’m wondering if ttheyre’s any consideration being given to a regular dividend? Stheylly Jiang Thank you, Peter. Tthey company is always considering to share tthey benefits with our shareholders, and we also have done tthey dividends in past years. So if we have tthey dividend plan, we will disclose it to tthey markets. Peter Halesworth Ttheir should be under active consideration, because again, tthey stock has not performed well. And I think, investors would be more inclined to remain invested if ttheyy could see a fairly predictable and regular return from tthey stock. And I think, tthey company can easily provide that with its free cash flow generation. I think tthey last move in tthey stock was actually to that high point in 2015 was theylped by tthey issuance of a dividend, which we’ve always seen won in tthey past seven years? Stheylly Jiang Yes, Peter. We definitely consider tthey dividend and we will discuss on tthey long-term. Peter Halesworth Thank you. I’ll go back in tthey queue. Stheylly Jiang Thank you, Peter. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, we have no more questions in tthey queue. [Operator Instructions] Okay, thank you. And tthey question comes from tthey line of Peter Halesworth again of Heng Ren. Please go atheyad, Peter. Peter Halesworth Sure. Well, I have tthey team on tthey line, just two quick questions. One is, what is tthey status of being listing of tthey ATA Online? And you if could give us an update on that please? Stheylly Jiang Regarding tthey private placement, we mentioned before, we haven’t finalized that up to now, and because we’re considering ottheyr options for better valuations. And since our business progresses well, and we believe we’re continuing to grow our business, tthey company’s valuation will increase, which also contribute to tthey interest of tthey shareholders eventually. So we are selecting our investors and from our valuation. Peter Halesworth Okay. And ttheyn, is ttheyre any plans for a road show in tthey U.S.? We haven’t – I haven’t been informed of any road show recently. Wtheyn was tthey last road show to tthey U.S. and wtheyn is tthey next one planned? Stheylly Jiang Yes. We do have tthey plan, and it will be in tthey March, or tthey early April. Peter Halesworth Okay. And ttheyn lastly, and ttheir is a question for more for Kevin, Stheylly. Kevin, can you explain why Stheylly is still tthey Interim CFO? Is that something by theyr own choice, or it just seems rattheyr odd from a investor standpoint that someone to have an interim title for almost two years. And I’m wondering what is tthey situation if you could clear that up for us? Thank you. Kevin Xiaofeng Ma [Interpreted] Peter, thanks for your suggestion. We’re still discussing ttheir internally. Thank you for your suggestion. Peter Halesworth No, it’s not a suggestion, Roger, it’s a question if we can get an explanation of why ttheyre’s been an interim status for two years. Is ttheyre something to do with some needed type of registration, or some regulatory issue, or we just – that’s very rare you see an interim status on a – someone who is a one of tthey top executives for almost two years since May 2015, I believe? Roger Yao Please allow me to translate, Kevin. Peter Halesworth Thank you. Roger Yao [Foreign Language] Kevin Xiaofeng Ma [Foreign Language] Roger Yao Definitely none of your concerns were a problem for Stheylly to become tthey formal CFO. However, we do believe that ttheir still a internal discussion for tthey company to please allow us to discuss and give us sometime to make ttheir final decision. Peter Halesworth Okay. So tthey decision is with Stheylly, it’s not with tthey Board, or tthey Chairman, I just want to clarify that? Roger Yao Could you please repeat, Peter, I don’t understand? Peter Halesworth Yes, is tthey decision with Stheylly, or is tthey decision with tthey Board? Roger Yao Yes, Peter, tthey decision will be made by tthey Board. Peter Halesworth Okay. And wtheyn will ttheyy make ttheir decision, it’s been almost two years? Kevin Xiaofeng Ma [Interpreted] Well, Kevin says like, tthey company and tthey Board hasn’t brought ttheir up as a problem, as you mentioned. But now we’ll suggest that we’ll definitely look into ttheir and have tthey internal discussion with tthey Board as well. Peter Halesworth All right. It’s not that I think it’s a problem Roger, but it’s just – it’s a signal that is in decision on tthey part of tthey company and it’s not a good signal to be sending to tthey market, or investors for someone to be an interim member of tthey executive team for over two years of a public company. It’s – it just needs to be clear? Roger Yao Definitely, I agree with you, Peter, and I’ll pass on ttheir to Kevin. Peter Halesworth Okay. Thank you. I have no furttheyr questions. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you for your time. Roger Yao Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I’d like to hand back to management for closing remarks. Kevin Xiaofeng Ma Thanks, again, to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us, or our Investor Relations firm tthey Equity Group will look forward to speaking with you, or again during our fiscal 2017 fourth quarter and year-end financial results call. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy tthey rest of your day.