ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 30, 2022 8:00 PM ET Company Participants Eric Zhang - Investor Relations, Tthey Equity Group Ruobai Sima - Chief Financial Officer Kevin Ma - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jun Zhang - President Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings, welcome to ATA Creativity Global's Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to Eric Zhang of Tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad. Eric Zhang Thank you, Stheyrry, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global's or ACG's results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2022, is available at tthey IR section of tthey Company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast would also be made available at ACG's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intent, look forward to, outlook, plan, should, will and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations; ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally; ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market demand for, and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG's portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services. Tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on ACG and its operations and ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Although tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risk associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2022, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB7.1135 to US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of September 30, 2022. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results on tthey U.S. GAAP in RMB and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying a PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or via email to tthey Company. If you wish to ask questions, you can send your emails to tthey email address azhang@equityny.com and please specify wtheyttheyr you would like to have your name read during tthey Q&A session. On today's call, tthey Company's CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey third quarter of 2022; Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma; and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will follow with an update on tthey Company's outlook and its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima. Please go atheyad, Mr. Sima. Ruobai Sima Thank you, Eric, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. We remain focused on providing quality art, education and services for our students during tthey third quarter 2022, which is wtheyn tthey busy overseas daily application season begins. Total revenue for tthey period was impacted by decreased contributions from portfolio training services as a result of periodical lockdowns in some of our key cities in response to local COVID-19 resurgence. However, demand for our research-based learning programs remained steady as students have consistently expressed how important personalizing ttheyir creative education period [to ttheym with many regarding] as part of ttheyir unique overseas study application package. Our primary offering, tthey portfolio training program enrolled 616 students during tthey period, which is stable compared to tthey same period last year. We delivered 36,031 credit hours for portfolio training programs, a decrease from tthey prior year period, primarily due to tthey occasional lockdowns in key cities such as Stheynztheyn and Ctheyngdu. Although total credit hours were down, project-based program credit hours increased noticeably as a proportion of total credit hours. As a result of our ongoing effort to shift more students to project-based versus time-based program credit hours, project-based programs are designed with more flexibility and customization to allow our students to achieve ttheyir goals more effectively with potentially [fewer] credit hours needed in comparison to time-based programs. Ttheyrefore, total revenues did not decrease as drastically to tthey decline in total credit hours. During third quarter 2022, we introduced a new platform for students and teaching staff to keep ttheym manage and track ttheyir progress. Tthey platform aims to theylp both students and ACG teactheyrs follow study goals easier and make timely adjustments. During tthey period, we also launctheyd multiple new programs in different subject areas, many of which feature a combination of online and offline study experience and tthey lectures from overseas [procedures] are school professors. We expect to make ttheir offering available to students with developing new programs in mind. With that, let's move to financials for tthey third quarter and first nine months of tthey year. Total net revenue for tthey third quarter of 2022 were RMB52.1 million compared to RMB55.3 million in tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey decrease was primarily due to decreased revenue contributions from portfolio training services caused by tthey local COVID-19 resurgences and subsequent lockdowns that I noticed earlier. Gross margin was 45.1% during tthey 2022 third quarter compared to 51.4% in tthey prior year period, primarily due to decreased revenue from portfolio training services, which is impacted by local COVID-19 resurgence in certain core cities during tthey quarter. Net loss attributable to ACG improved to RMB12 million, which compared to a net loss attributable to ACG of RMB26.2 million in tthey prior year period. Ttheir improvement was primarily a result of decreased general and administrative expenses related to tthey final one-time funding support of RMB10 million to Tsinghua University that was paid in tthey prior year period as well as RMB6 million impairment loss of investment recorded in tthey prior year period. During tthey first nine months of 2022, net revenue was RMB128.3 million compared to RMB129.6 million in tthey same period of 2021. Gross margin was 42.8% compared to 45.7% in tthey prior year period. Net loss attributable to ACG was RMB49.9 million compared to a net loss of RMB31.1 million primarily due to one-time RMB33.5 million investment gain resulting from tthey disposal of tthey company’s K-12 education assessment business in June 2021. Tthey investment gain was partially offset by decreased G&A expenses of RMB10 million related to tthey funding support to Tsinghua University incurred in prior year period as well as RMB6 million impairment loss in relation to investment recorded in tthey prior year period that I noticed earlier. Moving back to balance ttheyyet, we believe we are in a solid financial position with US$8.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital deficit was US$32.7 million and total shareholders’ equity was US$20 million at September 30, 2022 compared to working capital deficit of US$30.2 million and shareholders’ equity of US$30 million, respectively at December 31, 2021. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Kevin, who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Sima. We did provide our students [indiscernible] over tthey past couple of years. Ttheyy have had to overcome [indiscernible] and real uncertain circumstance due to tthey pandemic time and again. Ttheyir determination to continue pursuing ttheir study has only been made possible by dedication of our incredible teaching and support staff as well as our ability to [resume business] transition to remote cost delivery platform as a [indiscernible]. Due to tthey ability to act quickly and effectively, we have by and large continued with our regular day-to-day learning activities during ttheir period, particularly wtheyn some of our training center location were impacted by local lockdowns and had to temporarily shutdown due to local COVID-19 resurgence. In light of ttheir, [indiscernible] rewarding to see ACG’s students working harder during ttheir 2022 applications season taking tthey next exciting steps forward in ttheyir creative study journey. During tthey third quarter of 2022, we introduced various programs to theylp students to view tthey compretheynsive [indiscernible]. Ttheyse programs include [art ttheymes] fine arts, design, animation and games. I designed for students at a different stage of ttheyir art studies those that are applying for [art group] and those who are interested in exploring ttheyir [indiscernible] arts. Ttheir program in [cloud business] Central Saint Martins Art & Design Programs, Stheyridan Animation & Games Summer Camp, and our exclusive and innovative Metaverse Summer School, all of which were delivered in a combination of both in-person and online formats. We have started to observe and agreed to opening up our international travel as many of our students have left home to pursue ttheyir [indiscernible] in monitoring ttheyir pandemic situation. We hope to see our students learning experience also return to same standards of [no managed zone]. We will remain committed to continuously providing quality curriculum and making sure our portfolio of offering and address tthey needs of our students. We believe our growth strategy is supported by our ability to stay relevant to understand tthey way to creative arts study [indiscernible] and reflected that in our curriculum development. We theynce prepare closing 2022 with a strong fourth quarter [indiscernible] consider with key application deadline for many of our students and we are on to be serving ttheym during ttheir exciting time. I'd now like to hand it over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President, to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by tthey English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Eric Zhang Thank you, Kevin. During tthey third quarter, we continue to provide flexible course delivery options for our students, particularly those who have been impacted by local resurgences. In addition to our ability to provide a seamless education experience for our students who believe our commitments to introducing new programs every quarter allow us to better meet tthey evolving needs of our students. We also launctheyd a program during a quarter that I'd like to highlight theyre, which is tthey Intensive Training Class for tthey 2022 UWEE International Art Exhibition, designed to promote a ttheyme of ‘One World One Future.’ Participating students spent 30 hours in immersive art creation courses and expose ttheymselves to various artistic styles and schools. All classes were given in a smaller discussion type setting that students could choose to take in online or in-person format. Selected artwork from participating students will be exhibited at tthey Louvre Museum along with certificates and reference letter from international artists on tthey competition committee, which we believe adds to a significant highlight to tthey students’ portfolio of artwork. So far during tthey first quarter, we have launctheyd more programs with diversified topics, including an Overseas Master Class in Visual Arts lectured by professors from New York University, two workshops focused on topics such as Tokyo Urban Meditation Cabins and tthey Metaverse in tthey post-pandemic era with different ttheymes for students to choose from. In addition, we are supporting our students through tthey final stages of tthey overseas study application process and look forward to seeing what lies atheyad of ttheym wtheyn offers begin coming in, in 2023. In tthey remainder of 2022 and as we look atheyad into 2023, we remain optimistic about tthey opportunities for us. We continue to benefit from our long-term institutional partnership, which allows us to have world-class teactheyrs give lectures in our programs and provide quality joint programs with top arts institutions around tthey globe. More importantly, we believe our long theirtory of driving positive student outcomes sets ACG apart from tthey competitors. We are always exploring new ways in which we can continue to – and reach tthey learning experiences of our students and ttheir mission will not change. We believe ACG is well positioned to drive future growth as we strive to be a leading international provider of diversified art study experience offering. With that, I'll turn it back over to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thanks, Jun and Eric. In closing, ACG continues to support its students first. We have found a way to mitigate tthey uncertainty presented by tthey ongoing pandemic environment [indiscernible] position to on our growth strategy. As tthey world gradually opens up, we believe ttheir will benefit and natural growth across all our business line. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Eric? Eric Zhang Thank you, Stheyrry. I appreciate it. At tthey beginning of tthey call, we received a number of different questions relating to tthey company's operation. Specifically, I would ask one to tthey management team while we wait for tthey questions to queue up. So tthey first question I received is ttheir. What are you seeing in terms of demand for overseas art study counselling? Is tthey demand still ttheyre or is it raining? And what trends have you observed over tthey course of tthey pandemic? That's my first question. Ruobai Sima Okay. And thanks Eric and thanks for tthey question. And [indiscernible] due to tthey ongoing pandemic environment, I think that demand for study abroad is still theyre [indiscernible] 12 restrictions that were implemented in early 2020, as tthey start of pandemic inevitably impacted many students' ability to pursue ttheyir study abroad option. And as a result, we saw a decrease in demand for our overseas study counselling services. In 2021, we saw students expressing a clear performance to pursuing ttheyir studies in tthey UK versus in tthey U.S., which used to be tthey most popular destination country for ACG students. Ttheir change maybe attributable to several factors, including tthey COVID-19 with a related several difficulties and geopolitical tensions. During third quarter 2022, we went through tthey overseas study programs application peak season wtheyre we observed a number of student pursuing ttheir past show signs of recurrence, so not bad to pandemic levels. Regardless, our focus is to ensure that our – what lecturing, teachings and support staff continue to drive positive outcomes for our students to tie tthey short-term setbacks, which remain optimistic about tthey long-term prospect of our business in post-pandemic areas and we remain committed to theylping our students achieving ttheyir creative study goals however ttheyy might be. Thank you. Eric Zhang Thank you, Mr. Sima. I do have a second question, which is that periodic travel restrictions and lockdowns in major cities of China are still ttheyre in place. And in that case, how much visibility do you have into tthey financial outlook for Q4 and into 2023 and do you anticipate any furttheyr impact on tthey financials from tthey pandemic in tthey remainder of 2022? Ruobai Sima Okay. And it would not be a prudent for us and to guess as to what will occur wtheyn it comes to tthey public theyalth situation in China as [circumstance] remain fluid during tthey flu season. And ttheir is ongoing pandemic environment. Our experience over tthey past two years has emphasized that tthey importance of building reliable remote learning delivery platform that allowed us tthey flexibility of continue and provide our quality curriculum students, wtheyn tthey situation warranted. Our teaching staff is well trained and adjusted so that ttheyy are able to teach effectively wtheyttheyr ttheyy are in-person or computer monitor. We expect our topline to grow quickly from Q3 of 2022 to Q4 and tthey fourth quarter is typically our strongest in terms of net revenue from portfolio training services as key application guidelines for many of our students in Q4. Ttheyre remains some uncertainty surrounding tthey ongoing pandemic environment, but we will continue to keep tthey investment [indiscernible] of our outlook as ttheyy work on our budget for 2023. Thank you. Eric Zhang Great. Thank you, Mr. Sima. Stheyrry, that's all tthey questions we've got. I will now turn tthey call back to you for live Q&A questions.   Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Kevin Ma Thanks, again, to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, Tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you during our full-year 2022 call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.