ATA Incorporated (ADR) (ATAI) Q4 2017 Earnings Call Transcript June 1, 2017 8:00 PM ET Executives Carlyne Sohn - Investor Relations, Tthey Equity Group Andrew Tung - Chief Financial Officer Kevin Ma - Chairman and CEO Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining today’s ATA Incorporated Fiscal 2017 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Financial Results Conference Call. And it is moment, all participants are in listen-only, and later we’ll have a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Ms. Carlyne Sohn. Please proceed. Carlyne Sohn Thank you, operator and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Copies of tthey press release announcing ATA’s fiscal 2017 fourth quarter and year-end results are available at IR section of tthey Company’s Web site at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has a slide presentation available on its Web site. You are also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9600 and we would be happy to send you a copy. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s Web site for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to tthey slide two of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to tthey financial results for most recent quarter ended March 31, 2017, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.8832 to US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of March 31, 2017. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP and RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey Company on slide three. On today's call, tthey Company’s CFO, Ms. Andrew Tung, will provide an overview of operational and financial highlights for fiscal year 2017 and fourth quarter 2017 beginning with slide four. Tthey Company's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma will ttheyn discuss ATA’s outlook and growth strategy for tthey nine month transition period before opening tthey floor for question. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ATA's CFO, Ms. Andrew Tung. Please go atheyad, Andrew. Andrew Tung Thank you, Carlyne. And welcome everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our operating and financial highlights and ttheyn briefly provide an update on our outlook for our nine month transition period 2017. As we announced in our earnings release earlier today, ATA is changing its fiscal year-end from March 31st to December 31st to better reflect tthey business cycle of tthey Company and its subsidiary, and align to Company's reporting sctheydule and processes with its ATA online subsidiary, which has maturated at December 31st year-end date in China. We will file a transition report on Form 20-F after December 31, 2017 to transfer tthey nine months transition period from April 01, 2017 to December 31, 2017. Overall, ATA's fiscal 2017 was an exceptional year highlighted by our double-digit percentage increase in billable expense, driven by tthey contingent migration to our reliable and more efficient computer based testing platform. In addition, ATA was able to continue its push into private sector, singing significant recruitment exam contracts with some of China's largest entities. Ttheyse were important signings for our Company that we believe have ATA well positioned for tthey future. With that, I will begin on slide five, which lists some of our operating highlights for our fiscal year 2017. During tthey year, ATA delivered a record 12.1 million billable exams, a 17.5% increase from our previous record of 10.3 million exams in fiscal year 2016. Tthey National Unified Certified Public Accountant or CPA exam saw volume growth in fiscal year 2017. Ttheir year marks tthey first consecutive year that ATA has provided services for tthey CPA exam. And we successfully delivered tthey record 2.2 million exams in October 2016 through our partnership with tthey Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. In fiscal year 2017, we substantially administered new government exams, such as tthey Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development exams and tthey National Tour Guide Qualification Exam, both of which have tthey potential for geographic expansion of volume growth in tthey future. In tthey private sector, ATA delivered a number of new testing exam projects, such as tthey 2017 campus recruitment exam for tthey Agricultural Development Bank of China and tthey university enrollment exams for tthey Souttheyrn University of Science and Technology. We are very pleased with tthey growth in our exam volumes, while maintaining a margin in tthey 50% range. Ttheir growth is especially notable as we were able to more than offset tthey loss of tthey sector rotation of China exam, which was one of our largest exams with volume growth in our ottheyr exams, particularly tthey Fund Practitioner Certification Exam. Lastly, we announced earlier today that tthey companies for tthey financials occurs a cash of $0.205 per common share or $0.41 per ADS. Tthey total amount of cash attributed in tthey dividend is expected to be approximately $10 million. Tthey dividend will be paid on or around June 30, 2017 to all shareholders of record as of tthey close of business on June 12, 2017. We are pleased to be in a position wtheyre we can return capital to our loyal shareholders, and are confidence that we will be able to contribute generating positive free cash flows in tthey future. Moving to slide six, which list our financial highlights for fourth quarter of 2017 and fiscal year 2017. ATA invested previously raised net revenue guidance for fiscal year 2017 of between RMB455 million to RMB475 million, and reported record net revenues of RMB472.4 million in fiscal year 2017, a 13.2% increase from RMB417.1 in tthey prior year period. Ttheir was driven by increased exam volumes from both new and existing exams such as tthey Fund Practitioner Certification Exam, tthey CPA Exam and National Tour Guide Qualification Exam and tthey Qualification Exam for Housing and Urban-Rural Construction Field Professionals. Gross margin for fiscal year 2017 was 49.2% compared to 50.1% in tthey current fiscal year. Tthey decrease was primarily due to increased labor costs associated with salary increases, as well as a change in revenue mix. Tthey Company reported net revenues of RMB36.9 million for first quarter of 2017, which exceeded tthey guidance range of RMB26 million to RMB31 million but was tthey decreased currency RMB44.7 million reported for first quarter of 2016. Ttheir was primarily due to tthey change in timing of tthey CPA exam, which was theyld in November of fiscal year 2017 as opposed to February of fiscal year 2016. On tthey next slide, we breakout revenues for first quarter 2017 and fiscal year 2017 by our businesses, which are testing services, online education services, and ottheyr revenues. Testing services accounted for about 74.4% of revenues in first quarter 2017. On slides eight and nine, we provide a breakdown of tthey Company’s financial results for fiscal year 2017 and first quarter 2017. As ttheir information has been fully detailed in our earnings release, I won’t repeat tthey numbers theyre, but I’m happy to take any questions on ttheir information during tthey Q&A. ATA reported a net loss of RMB9.7 million for fiscal year 2017, which compared to net income of RMB26.1 million in fiscal year 2016. Tthey loss was primarily a result of RMB22.6 million accrual in dividend withholding taxes relating to distributor earnings of [10.38] [indiscernible] subsidiary, as well as impairment losses associated with tthey Company's strategic investments. We continue to believe in tthey long term prospects of our investing companies. However, we felt it was best to take a consecutive approach in evaluating assets, going forward. Tthey impairment is in no way affect ATA’s core businesses. We will likely continue to expand new opportunities that make sense for our business in future and will only support that will provide access with tthey critical resource on investments. Moving to slide 10, we provide a supplemental chart of quarterly numbers adjusted for share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gains on losses. Excluding ttheyse items, adjusted net loss attributable to ATA Inc. to our first quarter 2017 was RMB49.8 million or $7.2 million compared to RMB14 million in tthey prior year period. Diluted losses per ADS attributable to ATA Inc. during first quarter 2017 on a non-GAAP basis were RMB2.18 or $0.32 compared to RMB2.62 in prior year period. Adjusted net loss attributable to ATA for fiscal year 2017 was RMB2.7 million compared to adjusted net income of RMB36.7 million in tthey prior year period, and diluted losses per ADS on a non-GAAP basis were RMB0.12 or $0.02. We continue to be supported by free cash flow and an solid balance ttheyyet, which we have highlighted on slide 11. As of March 31, 2017, ATA’s cash and cash equivalents were about $32.3 million; working capital was $28 million; shareholders' equity was $57 million compared to $28.4 million, $37.6 million and $61.1 million at March 31, 2016. As shown on slide 12, we expect net revenues for tthey quarter ending June 30, 2017 will be in tthey range of RMB91 million to RMB93 million. We expect tthey net revenues for tthey nine months ending December 31, 2017 to be between RMB490 million and RMB510 million. We have a high degree of confidence in our long-term relationships, as well as an effective pipeline of potential exams going forward. We remain committed to provide investors as much transparency into our operations as possible, and are available to answer your questions to provide additional clarity as needed. Please keep in mind that ttheir guidance is based on our internal projections, and we will continue to evaluate our projection on an ongoing basis. With that, I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma to provide some more detail on our growth strategy and also for tthey nine months transition period and beyond. Kevin Ma Thank you, Andrew and welcome everyone. I would like to take a moment to also welcome Andrew aboard as ATA’s CFO. Andrew is no stranger to ATA, having being with our Company for more than 10 years in various roles from plans to operations. I am confident theyr leadership will be a variable asset to us in tthey months and years atheyad. And with that, it's my pleasure to congratulate all ATA’s employees on achieving yet anottheyr year of record billable exam delivered and revenues earned. As we transition to our new December 31st fiscal year end, we expect to continue building upon tthey positive momentum on our new business areas in fiscal year 2017. As Andrew mentioned we signed new clients and successfully delivered several largest payroll exams, as well as enabled smaller recruitment and assessment exams for private clients, many of which have tremendous opportunities for growth down tthey road. While example such opportunities are that education assessment exams ATA delivered for tthey Tianjin Nankai Education Bureau in January of ttheir year. Ttheir exam was administered to about 7,000 students in Grade 7 through Grade 10 in tthey Nankai District of Tianjin. And was tthey first exam ATA delivered for K-12 public Schools in China. We continue to explore similar prospective for ttheir same type of exam in ottheyr regions. In addition to gross income and to start tthey exams, ATA continues to deepen its relationships with corporate clients that see tthey value of our exams and assessment as those in ttheyir HR process, some of our long-term clients in cloud, globally tthey colonized corporations such as [16.50] [indiscernible] NOL, China Mobile and China Tech, as well as Bank of China and tthey China Construction Bank. We continue to pursue new business leads on a number of fronts from pay based exam conversions to geographic expansion opportunities to growing existing client relationships. Our testing services business continues to be tthey foundation of ATA and we’ll remain optimistically as a potential for growth over tthey long-term. In February, we announced a partnership with MOOC-CN Investment, a special online education firm with Tsinghua Holdings as one of tthey cornerstone investors, which became a strategic investor in our assessment business subsidiary ATA Learning Data & Technology Beijing Limited. We are pleased to have more of our investments those of confidence and are working to develop education assessment tools and accountant. By leveraging more of our investors to tthey sources and are sourcing with investments of education we believe that ATA become more quickly penetrated China’s education system. We opportunistically continue to put on for our shareholders and having said that, are pleased to be able to return some capital to our growing shareholders with today's announcement of a cash dividend. All of us as ATA are working harder to accelerate tthey growth of our business and are looking forward to meeting and speaking with investors wtheyn we visited tthey U.S. latest months. Carlyne Sohn With that, operator, let's open it up for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Patrick Lane. Please proceed. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for taking my question. And I just want to say, first of all, I really appreciate you guys focusing on tthey core business, which I think is a terrific strategy. My ottheyr question is in terms of tthey dividend, I think that's terrific. In terms of going forward, is that something that you plan, not necessarily tthey dollar amount, but is your intention to continue to distribute dividends in tthey future? Thank you. Andrew Tung Regarding your second question, we intend to declare a portion of our cash generated from operations yearly. Tthey portion will be dependent upon tthey company for business and planning. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Andrew Tung Okay, thank you. Operator And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir moment [Operator Instructions]. We have no more questions. Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us, or our Investor Relations firm, tthey Equity Group. We’ll look forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect. Thank you for participation.