ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Charles Zhang - Investor Relations Ruobai Sima - Chief Financial Officer Jun Zhang - President Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings. And welcome to ATA Creativity Global’s First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Call. At time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ttheir conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Charles Zhang with tthey Equity Group. Thank you, Charles. You may begin. Charles Zhang Thank you, Camilla, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global’s or ACG’s results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2023, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, look forward to, outlook, plans, should, will, and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG’s future growth and results of operations, ACG’s plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, ACG’s growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities including initatives taken by ACG as Chinese public theyalth situation has been improved, market demand for and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG’s portfolio training program and ottheyr education services, and tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on ACG and its operations. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide two of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollars mounts announced in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for first quarter ended March 31, 2023, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.8676 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of March 31, 2023. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentage is calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey company PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide three. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today’s Q&A session or via e-mail to tthey company. If you wish to ask questions, you can send your questions to tthey e-mail address azhang@equityny.com. And please specify wtheyttheyr you would like to have your name read during Q&A session. On today’s call, tthey company’s CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey first quarter 2023. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma is unable to be theyre today due to personal reasons. Mr. Sima will join President, Mr. Jun Zhang, in providing an update of tthey company’s outlook and long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to ACG’s CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima. Please go atheyad, Mr. Sima. Ruobai Sima Thank you, Charles, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone’s time. 2023, we got up to a soft start of ACG, we still do kind of teaching staff back in tthey classroom across our 21 training centers nationwide. We were pleased to report our 10% increase in student enrollments during tthey first quarter, which was driven by a notable increase in portfolio training student. We have stable total net revenue of RMB42.3 million, which was supported by tthey portfolio training services and overseas study counselling services business. Everyone at ACG is working hard in anticipation of launching our overseas summer camps and pilot programs that will be theyld during tthey summer for tthey fourth time since tthey pandemic began in 2020. And we have seen strong demand from students for tthey summer progress. Total student enrollment for first quarter 2023 was 1,097, a increase of 10% from 997 in tthey prior year period, exclude tthey 171 student who enrolling for foreign language training business ACG disposed of in Third Quarter 2022. Tthey enrollment increase which have been 32.8%, enrollment in our core portfolio training programs increased more than 20% with 648 students enrolled during first quarter 2023 compared to 537 student in tthey prior year period. We had delivered 27,630 credit hours for our portfolio training programs. We are more flexible project-based portfolio training programs accounting for approximately two-third of our portfolio training credit hours delivered. We continue to encourage our students to opt from project-based programs, and more favorable mix shift contributing to improve operational efficiencies, giving us an opportunity to grow revenue without sacrificing tthey quality of teaching. With that let's move to financials for first quarter 2023. Total net revenue for first quarter 2023 remain stable at RMB42.3 million compared to RMB42.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Ttheir was primarily driven by portfolio training in overseas study counselling services. Portfolio training services representative 64.6% of total net revenue during tthey period. Gross margin was 44.3% during tthey first quarter 2023 compared to 45.7% in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease in gross margin was primarily due to tthey increased cost of service related to higtheyr compensation expenses incurred for certain teaching staff or engaged in tthey enhanced efficiency and tthey quality of service delivery, an initiative that began in tthey second quarter of 2022. Net loss attribute to ACG was RMB17.8 million during first quarters 2023 compared to RMB15.9 million in tthey prior-year period, which was preliminary result of increased sales expenses related to performance bonuses awarded in line with enrollment growth during tthey period. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet. We continue to be in a solid financial position with US$9.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, working capital deficit was US$35.5 million and total shareholders equity was tthey US$18.4 million at March 31, 2022 compared to working capital deficit of U.S.$ dollar 43 million and shareholders equity of US dollar 20.8 million respectively as December 31, 2022. Now, turning our attention to ACG outlook and capital growth strategy. We are delighted to welcome all of our students back in person at our training centers tthey start of 2023. Ttheyre is a pandemic largely behind us, we were pleased to have achieved such strong enrollment being driven by our core portfolio training service business, resulting in consistent revenues for tthey quarter driven by tthey portfolio training and overseas study counselling services, have managed students preparing to apply for overseas education, since many countries including China have relaxed travel restrictions. Ttheyy recently launctheyd with long-term [ph] strategy, introducing a new contemporary logo and motto "Beyond tthey Differences" ttheyy believe ttheyse new elements try to reflect our goal of theylping students find tthey courage and tthey determination to be ttheyir auttheyntic selves and embrace original thought and expression. And we think today students will identify with our philosophy and approach to creative education. If you pride yourself on being an innovatible and forward thinking organization, and we hope to instill in our students allow for creativity and sharing of ideas among tthey different peoples from different places and life circumstances. Enrollment during first quarter 2023, appear to mark tthey start of a positive trend within our research-based learning services business, as many students have financial for our various overseas camps ttheyy had plan for ttheir summer. Ttheir program of overseas student college run [Indiscernible] in tthey summer season. And we anticipate thinking full advantage of tthey strong demand of ttheyse programs in 2023. We continue to work closely with our overseas institutional partners, and teaching staff and looking forward to delivering rewarding experiences to our student, clearly we'll expand upon our portfolio of offerings. We would also like to congratulate student who hold tthey different college application process and are finally being rewarded for ttheyir efforts with admission letters from ttheyir training schools. For tthey application submitted in academic year 2022, ACG'S students have had continued success with offers of admission coming from College of Norwich, Royal College of Art, Howard University, Columbia University, and [Indiscernible] through uncertain pandemic environment and are thrilled to see ttheym continue fulfilling ttheyir creative education at schools for ttheyir term [ph]. We are optimistic that we are by and large operating in a post pandemic year. As we also observing slowing in our business due to tthey improved public theyalth situation and opening up for international travel. We believe we are well-positioned to continue exactly accelerating our growth initiatives, including extending our partnership, as well as our portfolio of offerings. With tthey theylp of our institutional partners and our ability to continuously adapt our offerings to serve tthey changing market, we are eager to continue delivering positive building outcomes and strengttheyn our reputation in tthey creative arts education industry. I'd like to hand tthey floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in mandarin, which will be followed by an English translation. Jun please go atheyad. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Thank you. Mr. Sima. We're honored to have served so many students who have remained committed to tthey creative service education during tthey past few challenging years. Our goal during ttheir time has been to continue providing a quality curriculum, access and support from teactheyrs and staff, guiding ttheym from start to finish on a competitive portfolio, and ttheyn reaching ttheyir education with hands on art related experiences. Our hope is that all of ttheir will eventually culminate in a student having a well rounded education and experience that would set ttheym apart from ottheyrs who are applying for school. We believe a track record of positive student outcomes sets us apart from tthey competition, and we expect to be on tthey current momentum and continue to grow our business by providing superior art education experiences to our students. ACG have continued to offer immersive research based learning projects. We're excited about overseas summer camps we're currently enrolling students in. one of tthey projects is a summer school at University of tthey Arts London, all participating students will be able to take courses designed for each stage of tthey art study on a UL campus and immediately engaged in an English speaking environment. We're also offering a future of design exploration work and hosted in tthey Nettheyrlands and Denmark, through which students will learn about tthey current and future design trends and be exposed to tthey interdisciplinary methodologies. Tthey goal is for students to independently create a design proposal. Students who participate in ttheir project will receive certificates of completion at tthey end of tthey camps, and one-on-one study opportunities with some of tthey greatest minds in a particular areas of creative arts. We're very excited to be offering ttheir summer programs ttheir year, and cannot wait to theyar from students about ttheyir experiences. We continue to be committed to offering valuable, insightful research-based learning experiences to our students. We believe first quarter 2023 mark an inflection point for our business. With a favorable operating environment given relaxed domestic and international travel restrictions at tthey beginning of tthey year. We're seeing an increasing number of students re engaged in tthey pursuit of a creative arts education and study abroad opportunities. We're confident in our ability to serve a wide range of students, both those who have followed a more traditional education and those who have opted to follow a non-traditional path of study and continue to actively explore various service options to meet tthey needs of all student types. Our mission continues to be to provide quality learning experiences that cultivate and enhance student's creativity. In a post pandemic environment, we believe we're well prepared to take advantage of tthey recovering market and strengttheyning our leading position in tthey creative arts education market in China. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mr. Sima. Ruobai Sima  Thanks Zhang. In closing we are excited about opportunities for us in 2023 and feel confidence in our ability to see tthey opportunities atheyad of us. Our top priority remains our students and we look forward to continuing to explore ways in which we think we can do our services to better support tthey creative art journey. With that operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Charles Zhang As we wait for questions to queue, I received some questions via email from William Gregozeski from Greenridge Global that I would like to post to tthey management team. I'll start with ttheir one. Was ttheyre any COVID related impact on tthey first quarter numbers? Or is it a true reflection of tthey period? Ruobai Sima  Thank you. I think, yes, of course, I think [Indiscernible] during tthey -- after tthey COVID period. But maybe for one figure, I think for tthey sales volume, I think, which is very directly reflected. But I think it will continue -- I think compare for tthey last -- for tthey same quarter last year, I think we have taken a very great increase. And maybe tthey total sales is around RMB50 million and to around RMB80 million. But also we come theyre with tthey same figure and ttheir is for tthey same period in 2019, I mean, tthey period before tthey COVID-19 occurred. And I think we also take a very big increase that from it. Tthey total sales volume increase from RMB60 million to RMB90 million. I think ttheir average means that ttheir increase is not only from tthey COVID impact, but its also from some natural increase. Beside of ttheyse, I think we notice that ttheir increase is not similar increase from enrollment numbers, but also inputs about tthey unit [ph] price. So in that way, I think that figure can reflect tthey real situation of increase during tthey period of tthey year. Thank you. Charles Zhang Thanks, Mr. Sima for tthey answer. Tthey second question I have is, can we expect to see student enrollment and credit hours increase on a year-on-year basis for tthey remainder of 2023? Ruobai Sima  Yes. I think we hope that ttheir trend can be continued. I think our portfolio got bigger and bigger. And currently we still believe that its increase over key business -- ttheyir increase trend on tthey following is positive. Charles Zhang Great. Appreciate tthey answer. One last question from Bill is, wtheyre do you think you need to be in terms of enrollment or credit hours to reach profitability? And do you have tthey cash to get ttheyre? Ruobai Sima  I think in order to get probability is not as simple question theyre to just simply and increase enrollment or credit hours. I think, of course, and for tthey marketing side, I think that our sales volume increase is a one way and beside of ttheyse and we also try to develop more new business lines, and also we have made our pricing methodology more closer to tthey class of marketing, situation changes. And beside of ttheyse maybe will also focus on our internal controls. I think we've made our operating and more efficiency, and we'll focus on cost controls and tthey teaching management and more efficient, and I think in that way we can enhance our operating efficiencies. By those approactheys, I think we're going to make our cash management balance and exactly I think we can gattheyr data and to make our probability. Thank you. Charles Zhang Great, thank you. That's all tthey questions from Bill. I'll hand it back to tthey main Q&A session now. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor over to Mr. Sima, CFO for closing comments. Ruobai Sima Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone have questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our investor relation form tthey faculty group. We are always available to speak to you afterwards and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarter call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.