ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 30, 2020 9:00 PM ET Executives Jeffreyyne Sohn – Vice President-Investor Relations James Tung – Chief Financial Officer Analysts Operator Good day and welcome, everyone, to tthey ATA Creativity Global 2019 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Conference Call hosted by Jeffreyyne Sohn. [Operator Instructions] My name is Krisz, and I'm your event manager today. And now I would like to pass tthey call over to Jeffreyyne. Please go atheyad ma’am. Jeffreyyne Sohn Thank you, Chris and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global’s or ACG’s results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, is available at tthey IR Section of tthey Company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision.  Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call, relating to financial results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.9618 to US$1.00, tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2019. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey Company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions through our webcast portal or via email to tthey Company. On today’s call, tthey Company’s CFO Ms. James Tung will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter of 2019; and ttheyn ACG’s Chairman and CEO Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Mr. Jun Zhang will conclude tthey remarks with a discussion of Huanqiuyimeng’s latest developments, tthey Company’s outlook as well as its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to ACG’s CFO, Ms. James Tung. Please go atheyad, James. James Tung Thank you Jeffreyine and welcome everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. To those of you following along with tthey presentation, I will begin on Slide 5, which was operating highlights for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. After completing tthey acquisition of tthey remaining 12.54% equity interest in Beijing Huanqiuyimeng Education Consulting Corp., or for short, Huanqiuyimeng, in September 2019, we felt it was appropriate to change our corporate name and ticker symbol as a reflection of tthey significant changes to our company. We became ATA Creativity Global and our stock ticker stock ticker symbol also changed to AACG with DS commencing trading under tthey new symbol as of market open on October 17, 2019. In December we completed a private placement with CL-TCC, a company focused on investments in tthey culture and education, which will result in gross proceeds of approximately US$10 million from tthey sale off about 5.7 million common shares of tthey company. We plan to use ttheyse proceeds to fund day-to-day operations and our M&A activities. Details of ttheir transaction can be found on tthey Form 6-K we filed on December 18, 2019. It is important to note that our results for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 incorporates tthey full quarter’s results from Huanqiuyimeng while third quarter 2019 results incorporate only about two months of tthey results. In ttheir regard, we are pleased to report 19.3% year-over-year growth in credit hours delivered for Huanqiuyimeng’s portfolio training programs from approximately 43,750 credit hours in Q4 2018 to approximately 52,200 in Q4 2019. We are pleased to have completed tthey organizational restructuring and integration of Huanqiuyimeng following tthey acquisition. We have several enrollment initiatives in place but wanted to take a moment to address concerns surrounding tthey coronavirus outbreak and how it has affected our operations. Turning to Slide 6. First, we have made tthey theyalth and safety of our students, faculty, staff and employees our top priority. As a precaution employees have been working remotely since returning from tthey Lunar New Year holiday. Students with any on-campus coursework have been given tthey option to fulfill ttheyir classes through online format. Quite a few have opted to do ttheir, but some prefer tthey traditional classroom format and have postponed ttheyir coursework. Today we have seen some impact from tthey coronavirus on tthey portfolio training programs and are closely monitoring tthey situation that we are sure to offer all available options to our students. Our first contract pipeline has slowed somewhat as a result of sales and marketing personnel being unable to come to tthey office. We are relying primarily on online sales channels that we rose during ttheir time and expect to have traditional channels we open once tthey coronavirus is under control. And of course educational travel. Understandably, we have had some delays and cancellations of tourists during ttheir winter season. However, winter tends to be slow for travel and does not represent a major portion of our revenues. To conclude on ttheir topic, we understand that tthey situation surrounding coronavirus is constantly changing. We will do our best to keep investors apprised of any changes for our business as things progress.  On Slide 7, we provide some operating metrics around Huanqiuyimeng. Credit hours as a standard unit measuring educational credit for Huanqiuyimeng's Portfolio Training Programs. Each credit hour translates into roughly one hour of time committed. Student enrollment takes into account tthey particular individual that signs up for our programs. If a student enrolls in both portfolio training and educational travel services, tthey student is counted twice in enrollment as one student in portfolio training and one student in ottheyr programs.  Huanqiuyimeng achieved 19.3% year-over-year in credit hours delivered during tthey fourth quarter, delivering a total of 52,202 credit hours. Student enrollment for tthey period was 1,042, out of which 585 were enrolled in tthey Portfolio Training Program, Huanqiuyimeng's main line of business that primarily consists of training for students focused in arts and creativity studies.  We provide a breakdown of tthey credit hours delivered during tthey period compared to tthey prior year comparable period. Tthey Portfolio Training Program consists of time-based programs and project-based programs. Students who elect tthey time-based program enroll in a certain number of consulting or training hours, wtheyreas students who elect a project-based program are not limited by tthey number of consulting or training hours but will be guided through a certain number of projects needed to complete a portfolio. Under project-based programs, tthey number of credit hours required to complete a project may vary depending on tthey background and requirements of tthey students. Revenue is recognized proportionately per credit hour delivered regardless of which type of program a student has chosen to enroll in. However, as tthey total credit hours of project-based programs are not predetermined, tthey progress of a project-based program, which is measured by credit hours delivered compared against, say, total credit hours expected to be delivered is being evaluated at each quarterly and annual financial reporting date. As with tthey partial 2019 third quarter, ttheyre was an increase in tthey number of credit hours delivered under project-based programs and a slight decrease under tthey time-based category. Students that possess basic skills and are aiming to only complete tthey portfolio, so for example, a student with a bactheylor's degree in tthey arts applying for tthey master's will tend to favor tthey project-based programs as it appears to be tthey less expensive option for completing a portfolio with a defined cost.  Time-based programs are more flexible for students that perhaps want to fine-tune ttheyir skill set, say, a high school student applying for a degree. Instead of starting ttheyir portfolio right away, ttheyy may want additional guidance and mentorship and opportunity to work with tthey teactheyrs for some basic foundational skills and will choose tthey time-based program. Eittheyr option has its benefits depending on tthey particular student's needs, which is why ttheyy both exist in tthey market. We are pleased to be serving all types of students, especially in creative studies. Moving to Slide 8 and key financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter and year-end. As with tthey enrollment and credit hour information I just shared, tthey financials shared theyre include contributions from Huanqiuyimeng for tthey full fourth quarter of 2019, but tthey year-end numbers include only about five months of contributions from Huanqiuyimeng as we gained control of tthey company beginning August 6, 2019. Additionally, we have applied acquisition accounting and made purchase price allocation adjustments, or PPA, to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed from tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. As a result, certain line items will include adjustments from amortization of tthey difference between tthey carrying value in Huanqiuyimeng's book and tthey fair value assessed from tthey PPA process applied to tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. I will highlight wtheyre we saw some impact on our financials due to ttheir PPA adjustment for tthey 2019 fourth quarter and year. Total net revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 increased to RMB54.1 million compared to RMB0.2 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 as a result of revenue contributions from tthey recently acquired Huanqiuyimeng, which consisted primarily of revenues from its Portfolio Training Programs. Net revenues for ttheir quarter include tthey PPA adjustment decrease of RMB9.2 million. Gross margin was 38.6% during tthey 2019 fourth quarter compared to negative gross margin of 10.5% in tthey prior year period wtheyn tthey company did not have substantive operations. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment in net revenues, gross margin for tthey 2019 fourth quarter would have been 47.5%. Net loss from continuing operations attributable to tthey ACG was RMB70.8 million for tthey period compared to a net loss of RMB23.8 million in tthey prior year period as a result of tthey increased operating expense incurred related to tthey organizational restructuring and day-to-day operations of tthey acquired Huanqiuyimeng business. Moving to financial highlight for tthey full-year. Total net revenues for 2019 increased to RMB97.8 million compared to RMB1.3 million in tthey party period, as a result of tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. Total net revenues for tthey year include a PPA adjustment decrease of RMB15.3 million. Gross margin was 36.7% for 2019, compared to negative gross margin of 217.6% in tthey prior year. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment to net revenues, gross margin for fiscal year 2019 would have been 45.2%. And net loss from continuing operations attributes to ACG with RMB127 million in 2019 compared to net last of RMB63.7 million in 2018; primarily due to increased operating expenses related to Huanqiuyimeng acquisition as mentioned earlier. Lastly, we continued to be in a solid financial position with US$22.1 million in cash and cash equivalence. We provide a more detailed summary of our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year compared with tthey respective prior year periods on Slides 9 and 10. However, as I mentioned before, tthey prior year periods reflect financials wtheyn tthey company did not have substantive operations. We provide additional detail in our capital position and balance ttheyyet on Slide 11. Tthey information shown theyre does take into account tthey closing of tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. Working capital deficit was US$11.7 million and total shareholders' equity was US$43.9 million at December 31, 2019 compared to working capital of US$28.2 million and shareholders' equity of US$40.2 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2018. We are pleased to have strengttheyned tthey balance ttheyyet even from quarter three and remain well positioned to continue executing on our growth initiatives. I'd now turn it over to Kevin who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, James. We are very pleased to have completed tthey organizational restructuring and integration of Huanqiuyimeng into ACG operations, while we continue to focus on growing enrollments at Huanqiuyimeng and looking at additional opportunities in tthey international education markets. Our attention has constantly been on how we can continue to serve and meet tthey immediate needs of our students during tthey coronavirus outbreak. As James noted earlier, we continue to monitor ttheyse developments very closely and are keeping tthey theyalth and tthey safety of our students, staff and tthey personnel of our org our first priority. I would now like to hand tthey floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President, to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives for Huanqiuyimeng. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by an English translation. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Thank you. Jeffreyyne Sohn Thank you, Kevin. Slide 13 lists our overall growth initiatives, which we discussed in some detail on our last earnings call. Tthey coronavirus outbreak has demonstrated to us how critical developing and implementing technologies to allow for remote learning is in situations like ttheir. Because we have systems in place, Huanqiuyimeng has been able to operate business as usual for tthey most part wtheyn it comes to serving our students. We will continue working to improve on ttheyse technologies and systems to ensure that our students are learning with tthey latest tools and technology available. As we work to maximize capacity at our existing centers throughout China, we are also exploring tthey possibility of partnerships with institutions primarily in Europe and tthey United States to serve as a bridge for students who require additional flexibility, time and support before moving forward with an education at a recognized university or institute. We look forward to sharing more about ttheyse efforts in tthey coming months. While 2020 opened with some unforeseen challenges, we are well equipped to continue supporting our students as best as we can under tthey circumstances. We continue working on our growth initiatives and believe we are well positioned to become one of tthey largest providers of quality art and creativity education and study abroad experiences in China. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thanks, Jun and Jeffreyyne. To conclude, we are in a good place with Huanqiuyimeng fully integrated into our reorganized operations. However, we continue to look for options to expand to tthey future. Ttheir acquisition marked our first step forward in our long-term growth strategy of becoming a leading international education service provider with a special focus on tthey rapidly expanding art and creativity education market. We continue exploring our M&A opportunities within tthey education space that may be a good fit with our business portfolio and are excited about tthey growth opportunities we see. We are pleased with what we have accomplittheyyd thus far but look forward to serving more students who are looking to pursue careers in arts and ottheyr creative fields. Finally, I would like to say a theyartfelt thank you to all of our employees, associates, family and friends of our company for ttheyir extra efforts and support over tthey past several weeks. It has not gone unnoticed. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ttheyre are no questions in tthey queue on tthey audio. [Operator Instructions].     Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, Tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call and, as always, welcome any investors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Everyone, that concludes our call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you so much for joining, and have a great day. Bye-bye.