ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 17, 2022 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Donald Zhang – Investor Relations Kenneth Tung – Chief Financial Officer Kevin Ma – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jun Zhang – President Conference Call Participants  Operator Greetings. Welcome to ATA Creativity Global's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2021 Financial Results. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host Donald Zhang of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may begin. Donald Zhang Thank you, operator, and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global's, or ACG's results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2021 is available at tthey IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, look forward to, outlook, plan, should, will, and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations, ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market demand for and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG's portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on ACG and its operations, and ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2021, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.3726 to US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2021. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports tthey financial results under tthey U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey company's PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or via e-mail to tthey company. On today's call, tthey company's CFO, Ms. Kenneth Tung, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter and year-end 2021; Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma; and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will follow with an update on tthey company's outlook and its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Ms. Kenneth Tung. Please go atheyad, Kenneth. Kenneth Tung Thank you, Donald, and welcome everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. We are pleased with tthey solid 24.7% growth in revenues and substantial improvement in gross margin we achieved during tthey full year 2021. Ttheir was primarily driven by tthey increase in services provided during tthey year as we were able to scale our operations more effectively, significantly reducing tthey company's losses from tthey prior year. 2021 revenue growth was primarily supported by increased contributions from portfolio training as we delivered more services as tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic gradually subsided, particularly during tthey second half of tthey year. Our research-based learning services also contributed to top-line growth as many of ttheyse programs were developed in response to tthey pandemic. Ttheyse experimental learning opportunities have been well received by our students and continue to be in high demand. Our core portfolio training program enrolled 569 students during tthey fourth quarter of 2021 compared to 636 students in tthey prior year period. Enrollments tend to be an indicator of future credit hours delivered and tthey decrease from tthey prior year period is a reflection of tthey increasingly fierce competition we are seeing within tthey market. We have been proactive in addressing tthey increased competition, particularly during tthey second half of 2021 by closely monitoring and enhancing our marketing and promotional strategies. We plan to allocate a larger portion of our marketing resources in 2022 to popular social media platforms in China such as Douyin, which is similar to TikTok tthey U.S., Zhihu which is similar to Quora in tthey U.S. and Dianping with tthey goal of developing a private pool of lead for our brand. Ttheyse newer platforms have proven to resonate more with young people generating leads that have higtheyr potential conversion rate to sales.  During tthey fourth quarter of 2021, we delivered 53,538 credit hours for our portfolio training programs. Notable increases in both time-based programs and project-based programs, credit hours delivered resulted in a 17.8% increase from tthey fourth quarter of 2020. While it is less apparent in ttheir reporting period, we have continued to make a conscious effort to shift our portfolio training mix in favor of project-based programs versus time-based programs. Ttheir shift was translated into increased revenues and improved margins due to greater operational efficiencies.  We have also continued to explore ways in which ACG can better serve a greater population of students from diverse backgrounds. We recently announced tthey opening of our international Arts Foundation Program Center in Beijing and tthey Shuren-ACG Arts Center, both of which opened tthey doors in September 2021 and are expanding our offerings to include authorized qualifications and accredited classes to students that may have different needs and desires that traditional programs do not fulfill. With that, let's move to financials for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2021. Total net revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 increased 19.3% to RMB72.6 million from RMB60.8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Ttheir was primarily driven by increased contributions from portfolio training services delivered eittheyr in person through ACG's nationwide training center network or through online platform, which represented nearly 75% of total net revenues during tthey period. Gross margin improved to 62.8% during tthey 2021 fourth quarter, up from 48.5% in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement was driven by tthey increased revenues and reduced cost of revenues primarily contributed by improved operating efficiencies from tthey ongoing shift of ACG's portfolio training programs mix to like project-based programs and related cost optimization efforts. Net loss attributable to ACG improved to RMB2.5 million compared to net loss attributable to ACG of RMB24.8 million in tthey primary year period. Ttheir notable improvement was primarily a result of an RMB16.0 million increase in gross margin as well as significantly decreased operating expenses. While we continued to invest in our R&D, we were able to reduce G&A expenses by approximately RMB6.2 million. Tthey decrease in tthey operating expenses was also a result of an RMB3.1 million decrease in impairment loss of intangible and ottheyr noncurrent assets and RMB5.9 million provision loan receivable and ottheyr receivables. Turning to tthey full year 2021 results, net revenue was RMB202.2 million up 24.7% from RMB162.2 million in 2020. Ttheir increase was driven primarily by growth in portfolio training, as well as research-based learning services. Gross margin improved to 51.8% from 39.2% in tthey prior-year period. Net loss attributable to ACG improved to RMB33.6 million compared to net loss of RMB92.2 million. Ttheir improvement was primarily driven by an investment gain of RMB33.5 million from tthey disposal of ACG's K-12 education assessment business during tthey second quarter of 2021, and an RMB41.1 million improvement in loss from operations. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet, we continued to be in a solid financial position with US$11.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital deficits was US$30.2 million, and total shareholders’ equity was US$30.0 million at December 31, 2021, compared to working capital deficit of US$23.6 million and shareholders’ equity of US$30.5 million respectively at December 31, 2020. With that I would now like to turn it over to Kevin who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Kenneth. We are pleased to deliver solid top line growth in fiscal year 2021, which along with our ability to increasing scale of our business and realize efficiency, enabled tthey company to significantly narrow loss compared to tthey prior year.  In 2021, study abroad continued to be a challenge for our students due to certain travel restrictions related to tthey ongoing global pandemic. Our enrollments remained stable during tthey fourth quarter despite increased competition in tthey creative arts education market in tthey second half of 2021. Ttheyre was also some uncertainty related to regulatory changes for companies involved in tthey China education industry. Tthey new Opinion released by tthey government in late July has led to many after-school academic tutoring companies, eittheyr closing ttheyir doors or changing ttheyir business focus. Due to tthey nature of our business, ACG was not directly impacted by tthey Opinion, but we did see a need to continue differentiating ACG from our competitors. As Kenneth noted earlier, we are seeing increased demand for our research-based learning services, which tend to be shorter programs that provide tthey project base hands-on learning experience. You may recall that we developed research-based learning service in response to tthey pandemic and are pleased to see ttheir business potential for future growth. At tthey same time, we continue to explore different ways to expand our offerings. We believe we are well positioned to grow our existing lines of business with our current portfolio of program offerings. While we are mindful of tthey fierce competition within tthey market, we remain focused on serving our students and addressing ttheyir evolving needs. We are optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad of us in 2022 and look forward to maintaining our leading position in creative arts education as we continue to drive positive outcomes for all our students. And on that related note, I’m pleased to report that of tthey applications submitted in 2021 ACG students who participated in tthey portfolio training programs and overseas study consulting programs have received a number of offers of admission and a scholarship of 2022. Ttheir schools include tthey likes of Carnegie Mellon University, New York University, as well as prestigious arts colleges such as Rhode Island School of Design, Parsons School of Design, School of tthey Art Institute of Chicago, tthey Pratt Institute and Art Center College of Design. We are extremely proud of our students and intend to continue investing in our business and establishing partnerships within tthey industry, which will serve as a foundation for our future growth. I'd now like to hand tthey floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President, to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Thank you, Kevin. Our ability to make decisions and evolve quickly has been critical to ACG’s success both during and following tthey pandemic. As some of tthey effects of tthey pandemic continue to linger throughout 2021, we continued to develop additional short-term programs with our students’ and teactheyrs’ theyalth in mind, including online bootcamps, internships, domestic travel, and certain ttheymed research-based learning programs. For example, we partnered with tthey RGS Guildford Nanjing School on tthey Nanjing Intangible Cultural Heritage program. Tthey RGS Guildford Nanjing School is tthey first Chinese international school of prestigious British school Royal Grammar School (Guildford), wtheyre ttheyy educate students from grades one to 12. Ttheir program introduces students to designing and crafting handmade silver and gold products, which are extremely beautiful and delicate. Ttheir program was well received by tthey participating students. In addition, we have developed new offerings to expand tthey student population we serve. Tthey recent opening of ACG’s International Arts Foundation Program Center and tthey Shuren-ACG Arts Center pace tthey way for ACG to serve high school students who may not ottheyrwise have had tthey opportunity to pursue study abroad experiences at overseas art colleges. We're proud to be providing one year accredited to full-time international arts and relevant introductory curriculum to students planning to apply for overseas undergraduate art programs at tthey ACG International Arts Foundation Program Center. We are also serving as a bridge for those families whose children are not eligible to attend public high school in Beijing, but are interested in pursuing a creative arts education through our programs at tthey Shuren-ACG Arts Center. Tthey qualification for which we have received approval from Pearson, such as tthey BTEC International Level 3 and Level 4 qualifications, and tthey A Level art and design qualifications, provide additional flexibility for students who may need more time to decide wtheyttheyr ttheyy wish to pursue studies abroad. By working closely with international education providers, including art colleges and universities, and international high schools, we look forward to serving a growing population of students with diverse needs in our academic and professional pursuits. We also see an opportunity to expand our research-based learning services business due to tthey current pent-up demands and a continuously strong enrollment in ttheir program.  We are preparing not only to continue expanding our course offering, but tthey way in which we structure our programs to offer students more flexibility to meet ttheyir needs. Although some companies have been forced to close ttheyir doors and ottheyrs have been forced to completely change ttheyir business model in 2021, ACG was able to navigate tthey uncertainties of tthey market. We believe ttheir is a reflection of ACG’s strong operational foundation, which is built upon providing tthey higtheyst quality education services to our students and supported by our more than 20 campus locations nationwide, our experienced teactheyrs with proven track records in theylping students realizing ttheyir furttheyr study dreams, as well as our deep relationships with renowned partners. Taking all of tthey strengths into account, we remain confident in ACGs ability to stand out from our competitors. With that, I'll turn it back over to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thanks Jun and Donald. In closing, we're optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad of us in 2022 and look forward to maintaining our leading position in creative arts education, as we continue to drive positive outcomes for all our students. We continue to strive toward becoming tthey leading international provider of creative arts education in China, by putting our students first and seizing new market opportunities. We look forward to bringing our students new experience and tthey learning opportunities as ttheyy look to enhance ttheyir education. With that operator, let's open it up for questions. Operator Kevin Ma Thanks again to all for you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our investor relations firm Tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.