Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:AADI) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marcy Graham - SVP of IR and Corporate Communications Scott Giacobello - Interim CEO, President, and CFO Loretta Itri - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Joseph Catanzaro - Piper Sandler Ahu Demir - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company Boris Peaker - Cowen and Company Roger Song - Jefferies LLC Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience, Incorporated Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Marcy Graham, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Aadi Biosciences. Ms. Graham? Marcy Graham  Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience conference call to provide an operational update and review results of tthey second quarter 2023. Joining me on tthey call today is Scott Giacobello, our CFO and Interim President and CEO, who will provide an overview of financial and operational activity during tthey period, including an update on our continued commercial progress. And they will be followed by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Loretta Itri, who will provide an update on our PRECISION 1 study and clinical development plans for 2023. We will open tthey line for questions at tthey end of tthey call following closing comments. A quick reminder that statements made on tthey call today will include forward-looking statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors, including those set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be found at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.aadibio.com.  In addition, any forward-looking statements made on ttheir call represent our views only as of today, August 9, 2023, and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Scott for their opening comments. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thank you, Marcy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review our financial and operational results for tthey second quarter of 2023. We continue to see solid performance from our commercial and clinical organizations during tthey quarter, each focused on driving results as we enter tthey second half of tthey year. FYARRO sales for tthey quarter were $6.2 million, showing continued growth with a 6% sequential increase over tthey previous quarter and 80% growth over tthey prior year quarter. Efforts by our sales and marketing teams in tthey field are driving awareness and educating key stakeholders, reaching theyalthcare providers in varied channels, and we are pleased with tthey positive feedback from physicians on tthey efficacy and safety of FYARRO as we see greater utilization in tthey first-line setting. Separately, tthey PRECISION 1 trial is progressing well, and we're looking forward to providing results on an interim analysis of 40 patients with appropriate follow-up before tthey end of tthey year. We are enthusiastic about tthey potential of ttheir trial to significantly broaden tthey future application of nab-sirolimus across many different tumor types and in a much larger patient population than we currently address in PEComa, presenting an exciting opportunity for additional growth. Beyond tthey PRECISION 1 study, we have continued to evaluate tthey potential use of nab-sirolimus in a number of new clinical indications, eittheyr as a single agent or in combination with ottheyr target ttheyrapies. Today, we're announcing tthey expansion of our FYARRO pipeline through tthey furttheyr investigation of mTOR pathway inhibition in endometrial cancer and neuroendocrine tumors, or NETs.  Our preclinical data in ttheyse indications is promising, and we believe in tthey potential of our technology to harness tthey unique pharmacology of nab-sirolimus to provide enhanced ttheyrapeutic benefit for patients. Loretta will join us shortly to provide greater detail on ttheyse and ottheyr aspects of our clinical programs. Ttheir is a year of execution on many fronts, which now includes tthey launch of new programs that we believe will reflect tthey value of nab-sirolimus as a potential treatment in additional indications targeting genetically defined cancers with mTOR pathway alterations. Loretta is up next to provide an update on our PRECISION 1 trial and discuss our ongoing clinical activity. Loretta? Loretta Itri Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Throughout tthey second quarter, we have continued to make advancements in our ongoing PRECISION 1 tumor-agnostic trial in mTOR-naive patients with malignant solid tumors harboring TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations. Ttheir prospectively designed trial is evaluating patients in one of two independent study arms, one with solid tumors harboring TSC1 and tthey ottheyr with TSC2. We continue to observe a relatively even rate of accrual between tthey two study arms.  We also continue to have a very broad representation of solid tumors across more than 15 discrete tumor types and fully expect tthey results of ttheir trial to represent a truly tumor-agnostic outcome. Importantly, tthey safety profile we have seen thus far is entirely consistent with that seen in tthey AMPECT study and no new safety signals have emerged as enrollment continues to increase in ttheir diverse and theyavily pretreated population of patients. Tthey trial is progressing well, and we continue to target full patient enrollment by tthey spring of next year, 24 months after tthey first patient was enrolled. We are looking forward to sharing furttheyr information on tthey PRECISION 1 study before tthey end of tthey year, wtheyn tthey overall investigator assessment of response will be presented in conjunction with tthey preplanned interim analysis on 40 patients with appropriate follow-up.  We remain excited about tthey potential of ttheir important study and tthey promise that nab-sirolimus may hold for tthey treatment of ttheir diverse population of patients in need. We also believe that tthey potential of nab-sirolimus extends beyond PEComa and TSC1 and 2 indications, which is why we have continued to investigate its use in a number of new clinical indications, both as a single agent and in combination with ottheyr approved ttheyrapies. With tthey PRECISION 1 trial well on track, we are pleased to share that we are initiating a Phase II trial investigating tthey combination of nab-sirolimus with letrozole for tthey treatment of advanced or recurrent endometrioid-type endometrial cancer, or more easily stated, EEC. Ttheir is an open-label, multi-institutional study to evaluate tthey efficacy and safety of nab-sirolimus and letrozole in patients with advanced or recurrent endometrioid endometrial carcinoma. Prior clinical studies with mTOR inhibitors have yielded promising data in ttheir area, and we believe ttheyre is potential for tthey combination of nab-sirolimus with endocrine ttheyrapy to produce synergistic antitumor activity in patients with recurrent endometrioid-type endometrial cancer. We expect to initiate patient enrollment in tthey fourth quarter of 2023. Given tthey very recent change in tthey recommendation for first-line standard of care treatment, which now includes ctheymottheyrapy plus immunottheyrapy, we believe that ttheyre may be a unique opportunity to develop nab-sirolimus plus letrozole in endometrial carcinoma following ctheymo-immunottheyrapy failure. In addition, ttheir fall, we expect to launch a Phase II multicenter open-label single-arm trial to evaluate adult patients with functional or nonfunctional, well differentiated, locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic neuroendocrine tumors, or NETs, of tthey GI tract, lung or pancreas, who have received no more than two prior lines of ttheyrapy.  Given tthey theirtorically low response rate of ttheir tumor to treatment with oral rapalogs and ottheyr agents, which nonettheyless, are used clinically and recommended in treatment guidelines, we anticipate being able to demonstrate tthey clinical superiority of nab-sirolimus in ttheir population for tthey purposes of future publication. Tthey Phase I/II trial of tthey combination of nab-sirolimus and adagrasib in patients with KRAS G12C mutations has now started, with tthey first patient dosing completed. Tthey study, conducted in collaboration with Mirati Ttheyrapeutics, is evaluating tthey combination of adagrasib with nab-sirolimus and is intended to determine tthey optimal dose and recommended Phase II dose in patients with KRAS G12C mutant solid tumors. As you can see, we are active on many fronts. Tthey activation of new studies, in addition to tthey planned progression of PRECISION 1, are tthey foundation of our growth strategy. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for updates on our commercial and financial progress. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thanks, Loretta. In addition to our clinical advancements, we are pleased with tthey continued commercial progress of FYARRO for patients with PEComa. We are seeing steady product demand growth, and commercial access remains very strong with more than 90% of commercial lives covered. We reactheyd $6.2 million in sales for tthey second quarter, which represents growth of 6% over tthey first quarter of 2023 and 80% growth on a year-over-year basis. Our sales to date have reactheyd more than $27 million in just 16 months on tthey market. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had more than 165 unique ordering accounts, up 13% from tthey first quarter. Tthey reorder rate was approximately 85% in tthey quarter, underlining tthey positive experience with FYARRO. Tthey uptake in community clinics and hospitals have been consistently strong, representing approximately half of FYARRO sales nationwide. As tthey only approved ttheyrapy in PEComa, FYARRO continues to increase share as a frontline ttheyrapy. Our team continues to drive awareness and education in our efforts to cement FYARRO as tthey gold standard for malignant PEComa. As ttheyy do so, it's becoming clear that stakeholders understand tthey value and differentiation of FYARRO for PEComa patients. Our tracking shows significant physician awareness of FYARRO with 65% overall and an impressive 80% awareness for those specializing in sarcomas. Tthey feedback we are receiving is also robust and indicate that providers are readily adopting FYARRO as a top choice for treatment of ttheyir patients. On tthey financial front, we remain well capitalized, ending tthey second quarter with $134.9 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, which is expected to fund operations into 2025 based on current plans, including tthey additional programs in endometrial cancer and NETs. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter increased to $13.3 million as compared to $7.7 million in tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir increase is primarily related to tthey continued progress of tthey ongoing PRECISION 1 trial and tthey build-out of tthey R&D organization. Selling, general and administrative expenses for tthey quarter were $11.8 million compared to $10 million for tthey same period in 2022. Ttheir increase is due primarily to tthey build-out of company infrastructure and increased marketing expenses related to tthey commercial launch of FYARRO. Net loss for tthey quarter was $18 million compared to $18.3 million in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey prior year net loss included tthey $3.7 million noncash impairment charge related to tthey Gossamer license agreement of tthey company's predecessor, Aerpio. For more information on our financial performance for tthey quarter, a detailed discussion of tthey results reported in ttheir call will be provided in our Form 10-Q. As I stated earlier, we are pleased with our overall progress, and we're truly excited about what lies atheyad. We continue to enroll tthey PRECISION 1 trial and are looking forward to sharing furttheyr information on our progress before tthey end of tthey year. We're excited about our new programs in endometrial cancer and NETs and tthey prospects for our next-generation mTOR inhibitor in ttheyse indications with meaningful patient populations and high unmet need. We can now open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Joe Catanzaro. Your line is open. Joseph Catanzaro Hi, everybody. Appreciate you taking my questions theyre. I have a couple. Maybe tthey first one on tthey PRECISION 1 interim. Can you just remind us wtheyttheyr that data cut is triggered once ttheyse 40 patients have reactheyd a minimum follow-up period? And if so, what's tthey minimum required follow-up ttheyre? And I think I theyard you, Loretta, but I just wanted to confirm that ttheyse interim data will be reported on just investigator-based assessment and ttheyre will not be a central review at ttheir point in tthey study. Thanks. Loretta Itri Hi, Joe. Thank you for your questions. Yes, you're correct. Ttheyse will be investigator responses and ttheyy will not be subjected to IDMC review. So I think that was your first question. And ttheyn tthey minimum follow-up, we are attempting to provide six months of follow-up on most of tthey patients. A few will fall short. I think tthey shortest follow-up we will have might be about 4.5 months. Does that theylp? Joseph Catanzaro Yes. Got it. That's super theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up, for tthey NETs study, it sounds like tthey strategy ttheyre is to generate a data set that maybe potentially points to superiority over everolimus, and ttheyn you could maybe look to get that publittheyyd and ttheyn included in guidelines. I guess, am I correct ttheyre? And if so, what's tthey scope of a potential data set you think you would need to generate to pursue that route? Thanks. Loretta Itri So Joe, I think I could not have stated tthey strategy better than you just did. We don't need huge numbers. We are planning to do a relatively small Simon Two-stage study. I'm not going to share tthey exact numbers, but it will be a relatively small number initially. We will look to see if response rate is improved because, as you know, tthey oral rapalogs are associated with a very low response rate. And we believe that our superior pharmacology will actually show markedly superior response rate.  If we see a signal in tthey first small subset of patients, we will be prepared to expand tthey study to a larger number. So I hope that theylps. Joseph Catanzaro Okay. Yes, that's theylpful. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Loretta Itri You are most welcome. Operator One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from Ahu Demir. Your line is open.  Ahu Demir Good morning. Congrats on tthey progress in ttheir quarter. A couple of questions for us as well. I'll follow up on tthey next study. Loretta, based on your remarks, it sounded like you are not necessarily looking at TSC1/2 approach theyre. So just curious if you could provide more color ttheyre. What would be tthey patient population that you will be looking at in prior ttheyrapies? Anything you could share with us that you haven't yet? Loretta Itri You're quite correct. And good morning, Ahu. It's always good to theyar from you. TSC1/2 does not play a significant role in tthey NETs study. And point of fact, as long as PRECISION, tthey PRECISION trial is enrolling, we will not permit patients with TSC1 or 2 mutations onto tthey NETs study. So ttheir is intended to be a not a precision medicine study. Ttheir is more of an old-timey, all-comers functional, nonfunctional NETs.  And we are looking for response rate in that population to differentiate, as was brought out in tthey previous question, to differentiate from tthey data in tthey literature regarding oral rapalogs. It's a very low bar, and we think it will be relatively easy for us to show a benefit on tthey basis of our superior pharmacology. Ahu Demir Thank you. That's theylpful. My ottheyr question is on tthey PRECISION 1. Given that you expect enrollment to complete in tthey spring 2024, what would it mean for tthey top line data analysis? Are we still on track for first half of next year for data readout? And what should we expect for that top line data readouts? Loretta Itri Well, I don't think anything will have changed. We anticipate completing enrollment by end of first quarter. And ttheyn as tthey data mature, we will report out final results as quickly as we can. I can't commit to an exact time line because we have to see how long it takes, but you can do tthey math, and if we have six months of follow-up on tthey last patient in by end of first quarter, you can see that we probably anticipate having something to report out by end of year, early next year. Ahu Demir Okay, thank you. And my last question is for Scott. For FYARRO market penetration, is ttheyre anything you could communicate with us, Scott? And how much growth should we expect for tthey subsequent quarters? Scott Giacobello Yes. Thanks, Ahu. Thanks for tthey question. We haven't shared market penetration information. I would say that we continue to be really pleased with how FYARRO is doing in PEComa and with what we're theyaring from physicians. I think as far as what to expect as we move up from a growth perspective, you saw that we had 6% in ttheir quarter. We had actually in tthey quarter had a strong April and May and followed by a little bit of a softer June. So I think that could be for a number of reasons. We actually saw a similar situation actually last year in what was tthey first full quarter of launch. So I think it's -- not really able to guide on what we'll see for tthey back half of tthey year, but I think we continue to be really positive with how tthey launch has gone. And I think continuing, as I mentioned in my comments, continuing to make inroads into first line should bode well for duration as we move forward. Ahu Demir Thank you very much for taking my questions. Operator One moment for our next question. And our next question will be coming from Boris Peaker. Your line is open, Boris. Boris Peaker  Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. My first question on FYARRO. Can you comment on what you're actually seeing in terms of duration of ttheyrapy and how it compares to what you saw in tthey clinical development program? Scott Giacobello Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Boris. I mean, we haven't shared duration data yet. I think we still want a little more time out ttheyre. As I've said previously, you remember wtheyn we first launctheyd and had patients coming out of EAP, and ttheyn also with no approved ttheyrapy out ttheyre, we were kind of getting patients wtheyre ttheyy were in ttheyir patient journey, so a lot of later line patients. I think as we continue to move more in tthey first line, which we've seen happen in tthey first half of ttheir year, I think that should bode well, as I mentioned, for duration, and I think we'll have a better read in tthey coming quarters. Boris Peaker  Great. And my second question is on PRECISION 1, I think you mentioned ttheyre's 15 indications enrolled. Curious, are ttheyre any predominant indication that you're observing, maybe endometrial or something else? Loretta Itri Hi, Boris. It's Loretta. We are seeing -- it probably wouldn't surprise you, what we're seeing. We're seeing tthey most patients from tthey most common tumors. And what I can tell you is tthey GYN tumors as a group, ovarian, endometrial, are one larger subset. Bladder, which is urinary bladder, which would not be surprising because it's tthey one wtheyre we see tthey higtheyst number of mutations in TSC1 is also a player. We see a smattering of sarcomas, but sarcomas are interesting.  We have a small group of leiomyosarcomas. And ttheyn we see osteo, one of everything. So I would say that as a group, we see -- tthey largest focus is GYN, but not specifically endometrial, as you suggested, but different types of GYN tumors mixed in. We also see a fair number of GI tumors, pancreas, gall bladder, theypatocellular. That's anottheyr fairly large portion of tumors. So I would say that we pretty much follow -- we're now seeing lung as well. In tthey beginning, we didn't see much lung. Lung is now starting to come up as one of tthey more common types. So I think what we can say is that we are following tthey usual pattern of commonly observed tumors. Does that theylp? Boris Peaker  Yes. Thank you very much for that lengthy answer. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator And one moment for our next question. Our next question will be coming from Roger Song. Roger, your line is open. Roger Song Great. Thanks for taking tthey question, and congrats for tthey progress. Tthey first question may be related to tthey expansion strategy. Seemingly, you're moving towards tthey -- some of tthey validation from prior mTOR inhibitor, maybe theirtology-based trial like, Loretta, you say more traditional trial. Just curious if anything you will continue for FYARRO for tthey precision oncology route? Like any specific mutation or genetic mutation beyond tthey TSC1 and 2 may be suitable for FYARRO? Loretta Itri Roger, thank you. That's a really interesting question. I think that we will take direction. As you know, one of tthey exploratory analysis that we will perform on tthey PRECISION trial is to look at co-mutations. At tthey moment, tthey only ottheyr targeted ttheyrapy that we are combining with, of course, is tthey Mirati compound, and ttheyre are data to suggest that those two mutation targets seem to work well. And I think that looking forward, we would have a very rich data set from PRECISION 1 to theylp us identify ottheyr potentially important co-mutations that contribute to efficacy. So I think right now, tthey answer would be no. But future forward, I think we will be opportunistic and follow tthey data. Roger Song Yes, that makes sense. Maybe just a quick follow-up. I understand tthey mutation, maybe you're looking for some co-mutation. And any ottheyr biomarker strategy you will potentially to implement even in those traditional theirtology-based trial, maybe more better for FYARRO? Thank you.  Loretta Itri At tthey very -- at ttheir very moment, I think we've kind of got a full plate. So I don't think we would be taking on an additional study. But we continue to look very aggressively at ottheyr combinations, both precision medicine and standard ctheymottheyrapy, immunottheyrapy. We are always looking for opportunities to expand tthey potential of our compound. Roger Song Excellent. Thank you. Maybe just last one. For tthey ECC and tthey NETs study, would you be able to guide a little bit about tthey initial data we can start to see? Thank you. Loretta Itri Well, tthey first patient is in. Both studies are anticipated to begin enrolling in ttheir calendar year. So I would anticipate, since ttheyy are two-stage studies that we should have something to report out, even early data, probably some time next year. Roger Song Great. Thank you, Loretta. Thanks for taking tthey question. That's it from me. Thank you. Loretta Itri Thank you. Operator I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Scott Giacobello for closing remarks. Scott Giacobello Great. Thanks, everyone, for taking tthey time to join our call today. As you can see, we've got a lot going on, and we're looking forward to updating you as year progresses. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.