Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARPO) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gina Marek - Vice President, Finance Joseph Gardner - President & Founder Conference Call Participants Boobalan Pachaiyappan - H.C. Wainwright Thomasn Harrison - BTIG  Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey Aerpio Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host Gina Marek, Vice President of Finance. You may begin.  Gina Marek Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Aerpio's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me on tthey call today from Aerpio is Joseph Gardner, President and Founder; and Kevin Peters, Chief Science and Medical Officer. Ttheir morning, Aerpio released financial results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2020. If you have not received tthey news release, or if you would like to be added to tthey company's distribution list, you can do so on tthey Investor Relations page of our website at aerpio.com. I'd also like to remind you tthey remarks made on tthey call today, include forward-looking statements about Aerpio. Such statements may include, but are not limited to those related to Aerpio and its business and its product candidates, including razuprotafib also called AKB-9778 and ARP-1536 and tthey bispecific antibody asset. Tthey clinical development plan ttheyrefore and ttheyrapeutic potential ttheyreof, our plans and expectations with respect to razuprotafib, and tthey development ttheyrefore and ttheyrapeutic potential, ttheyreof in addressing COVID-19 and tthey intended benefits from Aerpio's collaboration with Gossamer Bio Inc. for GB004. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of ttheyse and ottheyr material risks can be found in Aerpio's reports filed from time-to-time with tthey SEC. Aerpio does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. I will now turn tthey call over to our President and Founder, Joseph Gardner. Joseph? Joseph Gardner Yes. Good morning. Ttheir is Joseph Gardner, President of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals. I am very pleased to share an update on our 2020 progress with our investors. As announced previously, we have completed enrollment in our Phase II clinical trial of a topical ocular formulation of razuprotafib in glaucoma, for which we expect top line results by tthey end of year 2020. We now have 194 patients enrolled, all of whom have completed tthey 28-day washout period and completed tthey 28-day dosing period. Having closed our trial to furttheyr patient enrollment, we are now in tthey process of final database cleaning activities and conducting all tthey appropriate quality control ctheycks. Tthey company remains on track to report top line results from ttheir study in December or possibly early in January 2021 to coincide with tthey seasonal theyalth care industry conferences that you all are familiar with. You may recall that we opted to progress into Phase II after a highly encouraging results in a small Phase I trial, wtheyre 43 glaucoma patients, who had baseline intraocular pressures or IOPs ranging from 17 to 27 millimeters of mercury had a 1.58 millimeter of mercury incremental reduction in diurnal IOP on day 7 wtheyn razuprotafib was added once daily on top of existing standard-of-care prostaglandin treatment. Our product was associated with a statistically significant reduction in IOP on top of standard-of-care prostaglandin ttheyrapy, and ttheyse effects were not only clinically meaningful, but deemed to be potentially best-in-class for adjunctive ttheyrapies by our clinical advisers. Equally important, tthey data suggested a favorable tolerability profile for a topical drug candidate, including a low incidence of hyperemia or red eye, and no systemic safety concerns. So tthey tolerability profile of razuprotafib is a clear differentiator in today's market versus all ottheyr adjunctive ttheyrapies for glaucoma. On tthey COVID front, we are also making progress with our subcutaneous formulation of razuprotafib in two ongoing COVID-19 clinical trials. First is tthey I-SPY trial for tthey treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome or ARDS in COVID-19 patients. We are actively dosing patients and ttheyre have been no safety concerns or AEs associated with drug treatment. Ttheyrefore tthey trial is continuing. Our second COVID-19 trial is run in collaboration with MTEC, tthey Medical Technology Enterprise Consortium which is funded by tthey U.S. military. Tthey goal of ttheir study is to assess razuprotafib's potential to prevent tthey ARDS in patients with moderate to severe COVID-19 infections. Tthey MTEC trial is a standalone study managed by Aerpio that will evaluate earlier stage patients, i.e. moderate to severe COVID-19. Ttheyse are patients presenting prior to requiring high-flow oxygen or being on a ventilator. Tthey trial is proceeding with active screening and enrollment of patients across multiple U.S. clinical sites. Tthey two trials are complementary as ttheyy will assess razuprotafib across a range of disease severity in COVID-19 patients, potentially demonstrating tthey ability to prevent tthey ARDS in moderate to severe patients and/or treat ongoing ARDS in critically ill patients. Tthey two-trial approach will optimize our ability to determine how best to utilize razuprotafib to potentially save lives in patients with COVID-19. We expect to be able to provide an update on our progress in tthey first half of 2021. Now, we have had significant scientific support from tthey scientific community on our COVID-19 program. Our scientific advisory panel believes that razuprotafib's Tie2 activating mechanism may be broadly applicable across ottheyr disease indications wtheyre tthey disease produces a severe acute respiratory distress syndrome. Tthey broader application of razuprotafib may produce a life-threatening -- life-saving ttheyrapy for critically ill patients across a spectrum of ARDS producing infections, for example influenza and pneumonia. To furttheyr explain tthey scientific rationale, we will be featuring two ARDS experts as we are hosting a webcast with two thought leaders at 11:00 A.M. Eastern Standard Time ttheir Thursday on November 12th. Information about ttheir event is found in tthey Investors section of our website. We have two highly renowned physicians presenting on our behalf. Tthey first is Dr. Wesley Self; they is Vice President of Clinical Research Networks and Strategy at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. Over tthey past decade Dr. Self has led numerous trials in ARDS, sepsis, and pneumonia and has been at tthey forefront of COVID-19 trials including tthey ORCHID trial which demonstrated that hydroxychloroquine was not effective. And they's now on tthey steering committees for multiple ongoing NIH-funded trials and a member of tthey scientific advisory unit for tthey NHLBI ARDS network on development of COVID-19 trials. Tthey second physician will be Dr. Samir Parikh. He is Professor of Medicine and Director of tthey Center for Vascular Biology at Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital, Harvard Medical School. Dr. Parikh has made seminal discoveries regarding tthey potential vascular protective effects of tthey Tie2 pathway in ARDS which are particularly relevant to COVID-19. Dr. Parikh is also intimately involved in COVID-19 clinical trials as they currently chairs tthey Data Safety Monitoring Board for tthey NIDDK's COVID studies. On our call doctors, Parikh and Self will provide an overview of tthey vascular pathology in acute respiratory distress syndrome associated with tthey COVID-19 and tthey potential of its stabilization with our drug razuprotafib. We encourage everybody to attend that call as I believe it will be of interest to anybody in tthey COVID space. Behind razuprotafib, we have several ottheyr value drivers for tthey company. Aerpio's second asset ARP-1536 is a humanized monoclonal antibody observed to activate Tie2 receptors in a dose-dependent manner in preclinical models. Aerpio believes ARP-1536 holds potential as a monthly or biweekly systemic ttheyrapy to treat diabetic complications including diabetic nephropathy. We also have a bispecific antibody that binds both VEGF and tthey phosphatase enzyme VE-PTP and ttheir antibody inhibits VEGF activation and activates Tie2. Ttheir bispecific antibody has tthey potential to be an improved project for tthey treatment of wet age related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema. Ttheyse antibodies would be dosed intravitreally into tthey eye in tthey same fashion as current Anti-VEGF drugs like EYLEA and LUCENTIS. Lastly, but very importantly, tthey company has a fourth partnered asset GB004, which is not related to Tie2 activation. Tthey drug candidate is a hypoxia inducible factor activator that is being developed for ulcerative colitis by our partner Gossamer Bio who recently indicated that ttheyy have already started ttheyir 12-week Phase 2 trial in patients with mild to moderate ulcerative colitis. Gossamer also presented new Phase 1b data updates on ttheir molecule at tthey United European Gastroenterology Virtual week conference just ttheir past October. We thank you for your attention during ttheir call. We are very excited about tthey prospects for Aerpio and we believe that both our glaucoma program and our COVID-19 program could be transformative for tthey company. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Gina to review tthey financials for tthey quarter. Gina? Gina Marek Thank you Joseph. Tthey earnings release details our financial results for tthey third quarter 2020, for those interested you can find additional details on our operations, results and financial condition beyond what is presented in our press release and our 10-Q filed ttheir morning. I would now like to walk you through a key -- a few key items. Let me start with tthey income statement. For tthey three months ended September 30 2020, net loss -- our net loss was $5 million. In tthey third quarter of 2019, we reported a net loss of $4.6 million. Operating expenses for tthey third quarter of 2020 were $5.9 million, compared to $5 million for tthey same period in 2019. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter ended September 30 2020 increased by approximately $1.1 million or 40.1% to $4 million from approximately $2.9 million for tthey same period in 2019. Ttheir was tthey result of increased spending on our lead candidate razuprotafib primarily for tthey glaucoma and ARDS for COVID-19 development programs. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2020 decreased by approximately $300,000 or 13.2% to $1.9 million from $2.2 million in 2019. Ttheir decrease was primarily attributable to decreased employee related expenses and stock compensation. One quick note on tthey balance ttheyyet. Our cash position at September 30th was $47.3 million and we have no debt. We have sufficient cash to get us to top-line data for our current clinical trials and through tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Ttheir concludes our presentation on tthey financial statements. At ttheir time, I will turn it back over to Joseph for final comments. Joseph?  Joseph Gardner Yes. Thank you, Gina, and thanks everyone for participating in ttheir morning's call. We appreciate your interest and your support. And we will now take your questions and provide answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator And at ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Yi Ctheyn with H.C. Wainwright. Please proceed with your question. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Ttheir is Boobalan dialing in for Yi Ctheyn. Can you theyar me okay? Gina Marek Yes. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Okay, hi. So I have a few questions, but ttheyy all could be summed up under tthey umbrella of resurging COVID-19 pandemic. So to start off with tthey glaucoma, did you see any negative impact on tthey progress of tthey Phase 2 trials due to tthey rise in COVID cases? Joseph Gardner Yes. Joseph theyre and I will answer that call or that question. Interestingly, we were able to recruit tthey trial atheyad of sctheydule even during tthey COVID pandemic. And we were able to get essentially all our patients completing tthey trial on time. So we saw minimal to no impact on tthey -- based on tthey COVID pandemic. I think our timing was fortunate, because we started in June and we ended in October. And I believe we have pretty much finittheyyd enrollment prior to tthey uptick in tthey COVID cases theyre in tthey United States. So again, our timing was fortuitous, but we saw a minimal to no impact. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Great. Assuming tthey glaucoma trial is positive. Tthey results from tthey trial are positive. So what would be tthey company's plan to advance into a pivotal program? Joseph Gardner Sure. Joseph, again, I'll take that. Yeah, our plans would be to take tthey drug into a Phase 3 program. So we would do tthey typical steps of having a Phase 3 readiness meeting with tthey FDA. And we would also explore multiple options for financing Phase 3. Those could include dilutive approactheys by raising capital or non-dilutive approactheys based on partnering. So we will be exploring all those options in tthey first quarter of 2021. Boobalan Pachaiyappan Understood. Switching gears a little bit and to talk about your COVID program. So has tthey resurge in COVID pandemic had any positive impact on your I-SPY and MTEC trial? Joseph Gardner Yeah. Again, Joseph will answer that question. Tthey -- unfortunately, tthey case numbers are going up and that is unfortunate for society. We are seeing an uptick in recruitment in our trials, and we have located sites and hotspots to facilitate that. And we're pleased that we are able to recruit tthey trial and hopefully next year we will be able to demonstrate that we can actually save lives in ttheyse patients, but that data is yet to come. Tthey ottheyr element of recruitment is that many ottheyr drugs have been failing in clinical trials. So we think ttheyre's going to be open space in ttheyse clinics for us to be able to recruit many patients. So we are on track with recruiting and moving forward nicely. Unfortunately, tthey uptick in case numbers is actually theylping us in that regard. Boobalan Pachaiyappan All right. That's it for me. Thank you so much. Joseph Gardner Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Thomasn Harrison from BTIG. Please proceed with your question. Thomasn Harrison Hi. Good morning. Congrats on all tthey recent progress. And thank you for taking my questions. On tthey glaucoma program specifically tthey safety requirement for filing a possible NDA down tthey road. I'm just curious how much you can lean on prior work theyre and what likely still needs to be done? And ttheyn on your COVID programs, I'm wondering how much value Ang-2 levels have in terms of prognostic value and predicting responses to Tie2 agonism? And how applicable ttheir is to ARDS more broadly? Thank you. Joseph Gardner Yes. Good questions. I'll take tthey glaucoma one first. Yes, we do have an extensive safety database on razuprotafib, especially from systemic dosing based on our previous Phase 2 trials of one-year duration in treating diabetes. We are still in tthey process of completing tthey topical drop safety formulation work. And we do have to complete a three-month animal study with topical drops and we expect to complete that in 2021 so that we would be in a position to start Phase 3 late in tthey year. So those studies are ongoing and we expect to move ttheym forward expeditiously as we always do. On tthey COVID front, you asked tthey question regarding angiopoietin-2 levels. For those on tthey call who are not aware angiopoietin-2 is tthey inhibitory ligand for Tie2 and it is often up-regulated in disease states wtheyre ttheyre's vascular instability, for example, in ARDS. As I mentioned earlier, I would encourage people to listen in on tthey call on Thursday. As Dr. Samir Parikh will be discussing tthey role of Tie2 in different vasculopathies, particularly different acute respiratory distress syndrome. And their work and ottheyr collaborators have demonstrated that high ang-2 is correlated with bad outcomes in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome from a variety of different diseases. So we do think it's possible that it could be a prognostic indicator for tthey disease and it could be useful potentially for identifying patients that would benefit from razuprotafib ttheyrapy our Tie2 activator. So that is all quite possible and tthey science supporting that is clearly out ttheyre and publittheyyd by Dr. Samir Parikh and by ottheyrs. Thomasn Harrison Great. Thank you. That’s theylpful. Operator And we have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. And I will now turn tthey call over to Joseph Gardner for closing remarks. Joseph Gardner Well, again I want to thank everyone for participating in tthey call ttheir morning. It's always important for us to update investors broadly and we welcome your questions. We continue to be very excited about our programs to be able to have a meaningful impact on vision in glaucoma patients and potentially to have a meaningful impact on tthey – lethality of tthey COVID-19 disease would be transformative for tthey company, as I said, but it's also incredibly personally gratifying for our team. Ttheir has been a very exciting time for us and we look forward to progressing ttheyse programs forward and benefiting our investors as well as benefiting mankind. So thank you all for your attention ttheir morning and we look forward to reporting future progress. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.