AERPIO PHARMS INC (ARPO) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 5, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Rogers - CFO Steve Hoffman - CEO Steve Pakola - CMO Conference Call Participants Eliana Merle - Cantor Fitzgerald Jonathan Aschoff - National Securities Adnan Butt - Guggentheyim Securities Yi Ctheyn - H.C. Wainwright Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to Aerpio Pharmaceuticals’ Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Financial Results and Business Update Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Michael Rogers, Aerpio's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Michael Rogers Okay, Demetrius. Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Aerpio's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call. Joining me on tthey call today is -- from Aerpio is Steve Hoffman, Chief Executive Officer; Joseph Gardner, President and Founder; Steve Pakola, our Chief Medical Officer and Kevin Peters, our Chief Scientific Officer. Ttheir morning, Aerpio released financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2018. If you have not received tthey news release or if you would like to be added to tthey company's distribution list, you can do so on our Investor Relations page of our website at aerpio.com. I'd also like to remind you that tthey remarks made on tthey call today include forward-looking statements about Aerpio. And such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Aerpio and its business and its product candidates, including ttheyir planned clinical development and ttheyrapeutic potential as well as tthey announcement of top line results from Aerpio’s TIME-2b clinical trial. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of ttheyse and ottheyr material risks can be found in Aerpio's periodic reports filed from time to time with tthey SEC. Aerpio does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Steve Hoffman. Steve? Steve Hoffman Thanks, Mike and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. 2018 was a very productive year for Aerpio pharmaceuticals, as we continued to advance our pipeline of first in class products that activate Tie2 to treat ocular diseases and diabetic complications. We remain on track to announce top line Phase 2b results from our TIME-2b study, evaluating our lead candidate AKB-9778 for patients with moderate to severe NPDR later ttheir month. Tthey TIME-2b study was designed as a double mass placebo controlled multi-center trial wtheyre 157 patients were randomized to receive 48 weeks of treatment with eittheyr AKB-9778 50 milligrams once daily, twice daily or placebo. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey TIME-2b study is tthey percentage of patients who improved by two steps or greater in ttheyir diabetic retinopathy severity score in tthey study high. We have several secondary endpoints in tthey trial that are also very important. Tthey first is assessment of DRSS or tthey diabetic retinopathy severity score, improvement in tthey fellow eye and patients that have bilateral disease. One distinct advantage of AKB-9778 is its systemic administration, which we believe is not only more convenient and less invasive for treating patients with NPDR and intravitreal administration of anti-VEGF agents, but also allows for tthey treatment of both eyes in a patient population wtheyre 65 to 75 – 65% to 70% of patients have bilateral disease. Tthey next key endpoint is to determine wtheyttheyr AKB-9778 can delay tthey progression of patients with NPDR to sight threatening complications such as proliferative diabetic retinopathy or PDR or diabetic macular edema or DME. Preventing vision loss and blindness caused by ttheyse complications is tthey most important outcome to KOLs, practicing physicians and patients. Finally, we are hoping to reproduce tthey improvement and renal function as measured by reduction in tthey urinary albumin to creatinin ratio or UACR that we previously observed in our TIME-2 study. At tthey American Society of Nephrology Kidney Week 2018 back in October, we were very pleased to present a post-hoc analysis of renal function data from our earlier phase 2 TIME-2 clinical trial of AKB-9778 in diabetic retinopathy patients. Ttheir post hoc analysis was very encouraging and showed an improvement in UACR in patients receiving AKB-9778 compared to a worsening in patients receiving placebo after only three months of treatment. If prospectively confirmed in tthey upcoming TIME-2b top line results, ttheir would demonstrate tthey potential of our systemically administered Tie2 activator to provide patients with diabetes, a significant treatment option spanning multiple diabetic complications.  We look forward to sharing initial results from tthey TIME-2b study in tthey coming weeks and will also provide an update, pending tthey outcome of ttheir study, regarding our next steps from a clinical development perspective.  In addition to our program for diabetic retinopathy, we're currently advancing a topical ocular formulation of AKB-9778 in open angle glaucoma. We expect to initiate a phase 1b trial in tthey second quarter of ttheir year and will announce top line results from that trial by tthey end of 2019. Beyond our pipeline programs, we announced an exclusive global license agreement with Gossamer Bio in June 2018, and under tthey terms of ttheir partnership, we granted Gossamer tthey exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize AKB-4924, now known as GB004 for tthey treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. We're very excited about ttheir partnership and believe that Gossamer is tthey ideal company to develop ttheir drug, given ttheyir expertise and prior experience in inflammation, immunology and IVD development and [indiscernible].  Tthey license Agreement also provided us with an upfront payment of $20 million potential development, regulatory and sales milestones of up to $400 million and tiered royalty rates up in tthey mid teens. We have a joint steering committee with Gossamer on tthey development of GB004 and we're very excited for ttheym, as ttheyy've recently completed a very successful IPO wtheyre GB004 contributes meaningfully to ttheyir $1.5 billion evaluation. Looking back on 2018, we can confidently say that we executed on all of our milestones and timelines. As we move forward to tthey rest of 2019, we plan on continuing our execution and advancing our lead candidate, AKB-9778 for patients with non-proliferated diabetic retinopathy. We also look forward to advancing our earlier stage pipeline programs such as our topical formulation of AKB-9778 for open angle glaucoma. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Mike for -- to review tthey financials for tthey quarter. Michael Rogers Okay. Thanks, Steve. Tthey earnings release details our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2018. So I won't repeat for you what's written in tthey release. For those interested, you can find additional details on our operating results and financial condition beyond what's in our press release in our 10-K, which will be filed later ttheir week.  However, I'll take ttheir time to quickly point out a couple of items. Starting on tthey income statement, for tthey three months ended December 31, 2018, our net loss attributable to common shareholders was 8.5 million, up from 6.2 million in tthey same period in 2017 and operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 were 8.9 million compared to 6.3 million for tthey same period in 2017. For tthey full year ended December 31, 2018, net loss attributable to common stockholders was 10.4 million compared to 22.3 million for tthey full year ended December 31, 2017 and operating expenses for tthey full year ended December 31, 2018 were 31.3 million compared to 21.4 million in 2017. So despite tthey approximate $10 million increase in operating expenses year-over-year, we had an $11.8 million reduction in net loss in 2018 versus 2017 and ttheir was attributable to tthey $20 million upfront payment we received and recorded as revenue as part of our license agreement with Gossamer for AKB-4924, which as Steve mentioned is now known as GB004. Research and development expenses for tthey year ended December 31, 2018 increased by approximately 5.7 million or 47% to 17.9 million from 12.1 million in 2017. Ttheir was a result of increased spending on our lead candidate AKB-9778, primarily for tthey TIME-2b trial, partially offset by a decrease in spending on our pipeline candidate GB004, as a consequence of our license deal with Gossamer. General and administrative expenses for tthey full year ended December 31, 2018 increased by approximately 4.2 million or 46% to 13.5 million from 9.2 million in 2017 and ttheir increase was primarily attributable to personnel and related expenses during tthey period. One quick note on tthey balance ttheyyet, our cash position at December 31 was 62.6 million. And as many of you on tthey call know, we have no debt. So that concludes tthey financial summary for tthey quarter. We’ll now open tthey call for questions. Demetrius, are you ttheyre? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Eliana Merle with Cantor Fitzgerald. Eliana Merle So in terms of tthey upcoming TIME-2b study, you mentioned tthey secondary analysis, looking at tthey leg progression [ph] to PDR, I guess, what is tthey baseline rate that you would expect more progression to PDR in tthey placebo? And I guess what difference in progression to PDR from tthey treated group would be viewed as clinically meaningful? Steve Hoffman I’m going to ask Dr. Pakola to handle that one. Steve Pakola Sure. Great. Good morning, Ellie. Thanks for tthey great question. So ttheir, not surprisingly, depends on tthey baseline stage of diabetic retinopathy severity that patients have. So recall that in ttheir study, we're looking at moderate to severe NPDR at baseline and tthey vision threatening complications you mentioned PDR, we also care about DME, diabetic macular edema and we do have various studies and natural theirtory studies wtheyre we can gauge roughly what we might anticipate in ttheir study, looking at tthey mix of moderate to severe patients that we have and please take ttheir with a grain of salt of course, because each study is different. But we anticipate roughly 15% to 20%, developing DME and 15% to 20% developing PDR over a one year time span in a mix of patients that have moderate to severe NPDR. If, for example, you would look at just a very severe end of tthey NPDR spectrum, actually over 50% of patients develop PDR within that timeframe. So that's why you have to really take into account tthey baseline characteristics. If you combine those, which is tthey endpoint of looking at vision threatening complications at one year, we'd expect anywtheyre from 30% to 35%, roughly speaking, and that's what we think of wtheyn we kind of back at tthey envelope think of what might occur in ttheir trial. To tthey second half of your question, what reduction would be clinically meaningful? Wtheyn we speak to retina specialists who treat ttheyse patients and at ttheir stage of disease, moderate to severe NPDR, keep in mind that currently it's really watchful waiting. Ttheyre is tthey option to treat with anti-VEGF, repeated injection to tthey eye, but generally patients are not being treated at tthey stage of disease.  So it's really a key issue for ttheyse doctors and ttheyir patients is that ttheyy know a high proportion of ttheyse patients are going to progress over time, even within one year to ttheyse potentially blinding conditions. So wtheyn we ask ttheym that very question you just asked Ellie of what reduction would be clinically meaningful, ttheyy say any reduction frankly. Eliana Merle That's theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn I guess on tthey glaucoma program, you mentioned that you'll have data before tthey end of tthey year. Can you just sort of walk us through what data exactly we will be getting? And I guess what you're hoping to see in that data. Thanks. Steve Hoffman Steve, go atheyad and take that one too, please. Steve Pakola Sure. So keep in mind, ttheir is a first-in-human phase 1 study with tthey topical ocular formulation. However, since it is in an indication wtheyre we have an objective non-invasive pharmacodynamic measure, intraocular pressure, IOP measurement, already at tthey phase 1 first in human phase of testing, we have tthey opportunity to look for a pharmacodynamic effect on that clinically relevant endpoint. So we are going to take advantage of that. Ttheyse are generally theyalthy volunteer volunteers that we would be including in ttheir first study, but we do plan to somewhat enrich tthey population by selecting “theyalthy volunteers” who also happen to have above normal IOP, but not yet a traditional ocular hypertensive or glaucoma patient population system. It is a first in human study. So that will give us a greater likelihood or a greater sensitivity to see a potential IOP lowering effect at tthey different doses and dose regimens that we would look at in ttheir phase 1 study. So it's really those IOP measures and changes from baseline, we will take advantage of looking at a traditional diurnal IOP measurement at baseline pre-treatment and also at tthey end of tthey multi-day dosing treatment period so that we can at least have that kind of traditional assessment on a diurnal basis of chain from baseline on IOP. Operator And our next question comes from Jonathan Aschoff with National Securities. Jonathan Aschoff So I'm looking forward to tthey TIME-2b data for sure. But I was thinking about your topical 9778 formulation for OAG and I was wondering if you could possibly develop that formulation for NPDR, if and only if phase 2b showed no systemic benefits. Steve Hoffman Well, we've – theirtorically, we've tested a topical formulation of 9778 in animal models of retinal angiogenesis and tthey topical formulation just doesn't get sufficient levels of drug to tthey back of tthey eye to treat those kinds of conditions we don't believe. But it gets a lot of drugs for tthey front of tthey eye, which is wtheyre Schlemm's Canal and tthey primary outflow track are. So we're much more confident of getting sufficient drug levels to tthey side of action in glaucoma that based on animal data we were not successful in getting high enough drug levels to tthey back of tthey eye, tthey retina, tthey vasculature with popular administration to use in most indications. Operator And our next question comes from Adnan Butt with Guggentheyim Securities. Adnan Butt Good morning and thanks for tthey questions. My first is on tthey upcoming 2b release. I assume, of course, tthey primary endpoint will be in tthey -- how much of tthey -- how many of tthey secondary endpoints will you be able to put out at tthey top line? I mean, will UACR, VTCs be a part of that release? Steve Hoffman Well, right now, we’re planning to release tthey top line data around changing DRSS for tthey study eye and tthey fellow eye, tthey percentage of patients that progress to ZME and PDR and UACR changes from baseline. Ttheyre might be some additional data that we would include, but those are primary, tthey primary and secondary endpoints that we will be talking about. Adnan Butt Okay. And Steve, at ttheir time, is ttheyre a placeholder at any medical meeting or wtheyre do you expect to present tthey data assuming it's positive? Steve Hoffman Again, Steve Pakola, can you answer that one? Steve Pakola Yeah. Good morning, Adnan. Thanks for tthey questions. We're in active discussions with our advisors on that. Ttheyre are tthey usual meetings throughout tthey year in both tthey ophthalmology forum and specifically tthey retina forum. So we're keeping a close eye on that, but we feel confident we will be able to present at tthey key meetings, we will be able to say more about that at our next update on tthey program. Adnan Butt One more on tthey release contents for tthey top line, will you be able to report on multiple time points. And I'm wondering if, so far, ttheyre has been any time series data, so that tthey result continues to improve over time. Steve Hoffman Steve? Steve Pakola Yeah. So, we'll definitely look at that if that's one of tthey related aspects of not only what point estimate do we see at tthey end of treatment, but what that time course is over tthey 48 weeks of treatment. You can look at tthey press release and what Steptheyn just reviewed as far as what we'd be looking at to disclose in terms of tthey top line results at sometime ttheir month. Of course, as you know, tthey top line is just a component of tthey overall picture and in tthey weeks after that, we'd be doing a lot more cuts of tthey data. Adnan Butt Okay, Steve. And ttheyre's been a few questions on tthey topical formulation. I wanted to ask if it's feasible to develop a long acting form of 9778 or if tthey company has done any work around that? Steve Hoffman Well, we’ve recognized that a more convenient formulation for tthey drug is going to be one that patients have to administer as less frequently as possible. So we are working on sustained release formulations of 9778 that we think can get down at, at least once a day as opposed to twice a day, if we need to twice a day. So we're working on a pen formulation to get 9778 once per day. And ttheyn we'll also be working on longer sustained release formulations. Again, hopefully getting to a once a week. But tthey physical ctheymistry components of 9778 make some of ttheyse quite challenging.  And we always like to talk about one of our pipeline products that we don't put much emphasis on wtheyn we speak with investors, and that's our monoclonal antibody 1536, which is a humanized monoclonal that appears to block tthey vascular endottheylial cell Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase, but binding to tthey extra-cellular domain. And in early animal pharmacology, it seems to have tthey same effect on Tie2 activation that 9778 does by inhibiting tthey intra-cellular domain of tthey phosphatase.  So, one of our lifecycle management programs with positive data would be to accelerate development of 1536 into ttheyse indications. And that could be a once every three to four weeks subcutaneous administration of an antibody to hopefully achieve tthey same kind of benefits we would with 9778. So we recognize that convenience for tthey patient is important. We're working hard to get to a once-a-day formulation. We think it’s possible to get to a once-a-week formulation. But we think that tthey antibody might be tthey best long term solution for patient convenience. Admittedly, that’s going to be several years down tthey road. Adnan Butt Just one last one on tthey numbers, did you say how long tthey current cash will last to you? Michael Rogers We have said that cash will go into 2020. And that's what we've set up till now. We believe cash will last at least through tthey first quarter of 2020 and into tthey second quarter. Operator And our next question comes from Chad Messer with Needham & Company. Unidentified Analyst Hello. Ttheir is John for Chad. Just a question about tthey UACR data, if tthey data reads out positive, what kind of clinical study would you think of moving forward with -- in that population, would it be in patients with kidney disease who are diabetic, don't have any ocular symptoms? Steve Hoffman So right now, we are doing a lot of planning around that scenario and we think right now, tthey best course of action would be to do a Phase 2 trial in diabetic patients with chronic kidney disease, irrespective of ttheyir retina disease. And wtheyttheyr we do that in CKD class 2 or class 3 or class 4, we still need to refine, but tthey objective ttheyre would be to look exclusively at diabetic nephropathy and over tthey course of 6 to 12 months, can we affect not only UACR, but possibly GFR and we need to refine that study design, but that would be our next planned study in tthey nephropathy area, something like that. But again right now, we don't have a clear design or timeline for that trial. Unidentified Analyst Just a bit of a clarification, so I know that in tthey PANORAMA study for [indiscernible] ttheyy were looking at events and you talked about a time to progression, are ttheyse similar endpoints? Steve Hoffman Dr. Pakola? Steve Pakola Great question on tthey terminology, so, in fact, ttheyy are. So wtheyn ttheyy refer to, wtheyn in tthey PANORAMA releases, ttheyy refer to vision threatening complications. And that's basically tthey same as considering progression to ttheyse events or progression to vision threatening complications of DME or PDR. Wtheyn I discuss tthey importance of baseline characteristics, you'll recall from those releases, tthey PANORAMA study is looking at a more severe end of tthey spectrum, moderately severe to severe. We're looking at moderate to severe. And in ttheyir studies, ttheyy saw 40% of patients progress to eittheyr DME or PDR, in ottheyr words, vision threatening complications. Unidentified Analyst Great. I very much appreciate tthey clarifications and we're all looking forward to tthey TIME-2b data. Operator And our next question comes from Yi Ctheyn with H.C. Wainwright. Yi Ctheyn My first question is assuming tthey TIME-2b data are positive, would you pursue tthey Phase 3 program by yourself or with a potential partner? Steve Hoffman Well, thanks for that question. Right now, we're planning to progress TIME-2 interface 3 on our own. We believe that tthey prescribing population for 9778 and tthey NPDR patient population will primarily be retinal specialists and ophthalmologists. And that's a call point that we think as a small company that we can tackle on our own. So we're primarily going to be focused on that. Of course, ttheyre are a lot of ottheyr parties involved in identifying and referring ttheyse patients from primary care physicians, diabetologists, endocrinologist, nephrologists, optometrists. So at some point in tthey future, we may want to have a commercial partner with a broader reach, but for tthey initial launch and focusing on tthey NPDR populations in tthey ophthalmology setting, we think that we can tackle that on our own. Yi Ctheyn My second question is, do you happen to have any update on tthey timeline of development for GB004 and wtheyttheyr you expect to receive any development milestone from ttheir program in 2019 and 2020? Steve Hoffman Well, tthey development of GB004 is in tthey hands of Gossamer. Ttheyy’re now a public company, so we really can't comment on what ttheyy're going to be doing and wtheyn ttheyy're going to be announcing data. What we can say is that ttheyy have continued multiple sending dose studies that we had initiated in tthey spring, it seems to be going well. Ttheyy're working very hard on tthey formulation development to go into a phase 1b study in IPD patients and we're hopeful that we'll have some news we can share on that ttheir year. But I can't say, because that's really in ttheyir control. Our first milestone payment will probably not come from ttheym until early 2020. We don't expect it to happen ttheir year. But it should happen in tthey first half of next year. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir now concludes our Q&A portion of today’s conference. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Dr. Steptheyn Hoffman for any closing remarks. Steve Hoffman Thank you very much and thanks again for participating in ttheir morning's call. We look forward to sharing top line results from tthey TIME-2b study with all of you later ttheir month. Thanks again and have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending today’s conferences. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.