Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:AADI) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marcy Graham - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Neil Desai - Founder and Executive Chairman Scott Giacobello - Interim Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Financial Officer Loretta Itri - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Roger Song - Jefferies LLC Joseph Catanzaro - Piper Sandler Boris Peaker - Cowen and Company Ahu Demir - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that. As a reminder, ttheir call may be recorded. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Marcy Graham, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Aadi Bioscience. Ms. Graham, please go atheyad. Marcy Graham Thank you. Good morning and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience conference call to provide an operational update and review results for tthey first quarter 2023. Joining me on tthey call today is Scott Giacobello, our CFO and Interim President and CEO who will provide an overview of financial and operational activity during tthey period, including an update on our continued commercial progress, followed by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Loretta Itri, who will provide an update on our PRECISION 1 study and clinical developments and plans for 2023. We will open tthey line for questions at tthey end of tthey call following closing comments. A quick reminder that statements made on tthey call today will include forward-looking statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors, including those set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly filing with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission which can be found at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.aadibio.com. In addition, any forward-looking statements made on ttheir call represent our views only as of today, May 10, 2023 and should not be relied upon as representing our view as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Scott for their opening statements. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thank you, Marcy and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us ttheir morning to review our financial and operational results for tthey first quarter 2023. We're off to a strong start ttheir year as our performance continued to drive results and tthey first quarter closed out well. Our focus on successful commercial execution of FYARRO for tthey treatment of advanced malignant PEComa resulted in sales of $5.9 million during tthey quarter, a 12% sequential increase over tthey previous quarter. Tthey efforts of our commercial team to expand our region increased tthey visibility of FYARRO driving our success in tthey market and we're pleased with tthey continued growth resulting from ttheyir hard work. We look forward to delivering continued benefits to ttheyse patients suffering from ttheir rare and now treatable disease. On tthey clinical front, today we will provide an initial update on our tumor agnostic PRECISION 1 registration directed trial for patients harboring inactivating alterations in TSC1 or TSC2 genes. Ttheir trial has tthey potential to significantly broaden tthey future application of nab-sirolimus for many different tumor types and a much larger patient population than we currently address in PEComa, presenting an exciting opportunity for additional growth. We are encouraged by initial enrolment data on tthey types of tumors we are seeing in tthey trial as well as tthey enrollment distribution in tthey two arms. Loretta will share furttheyr details on tthey conduct of tthey PRECISION 1 trial shortly. Beyond tthey PRECISION study, initiation of tthey Phase 1/2 trial in KRASG12C is expected to begin with tthey first patient dosing in tthey second quarter of 2023. Tthey study in collaboration with Mirati Ttheyrapeutics will evaluate tthey combination of adagrasib with nab-sirolimus and is intended to determine tthey optimal dose and recommend Phase 2 dose in patients with KRASG12C mutant solid tumors. Additionally we continue to evaluate tthey potential for use of nab-sirolimus in a number of new clinical indications, eittheyr as a single agent or in combination with ottheyr targeted ttheyrapies with tthey potential for new clinical programs later ttheir year. We are aligning for success on several fronts in a key executional year, building on tthey achievements of prior periods and are working hard to attain our goals as tthey year progresses. Before we review operational and financial results for tthey quarter, Loretta is up next to provide an update on our PRECISION 1 trial and discuss our ongoing clinical activity. Loretta? Loretta Itri Thank you Scott, and good morning everyone. Throughout tthey first quarter, we have continued to advance our ongoing PRECISION 1 tumor agnostic trial in mTOR naive patients with malignant solid tumors harboring TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations. Today we are providing tthey first update on our progress so far. As a reminder, tthey trial is prospectively designed to evaluate patients in one of two independent study arms, one with solid tumors harboring TSC1, tthey ottheyr with TSC2. I'm pleased to tell you that tthey distribution of TSC1 and TSC2 alterations is exceptionally well balanced and that tthey trial is accruing relatively evenly between tthey two study arms. We are also seeing a remarkably diverse mix of cancer theirtologies with more than 15 discrete tumor types enrolled thus far, and no more than three of any one tumor type represented. Ttheir accrual pattern clearly supports prior observations that TSC1 and TSC2 alterations occur broadly across solid tumors. Additionally, sarcomas have no higtheyr representation than any of tthey ottheyr common solid tumors including breast and bladder cancer. Simply stated, we have a very broad representation of solid tumors and expect that tthey results will represent a truly tumor agnostic outcome. Importantly, tthey safety profile we have observed thus far is very consistent with that seen in tthey AMPECT study, and no new safety signals have emerged to date in ttheir diverse and theyavily pretreated population of patients. Given tthey potential of ttheir study to impact tthey treatment of a large number of patients with a variety of tumor theirtologies, we believe it is critical to preserve data integrity, including sponsor binding in tthey way we conduct a trial and report results, particularly in tthey current regulatory environment surrounding tumor agnostic trials and accelerated approvals. We look forward to sharing furttheyr information, including efficacy analysis on PRECISION 1 later in tthey year wtheyn response data will be presented in conjunction with a pre-planned interim analysis on 40 patients with appropriate followup. Enrollment in tthey trial is progressing well and we continue to target full patient enrollment by tthey spring of next year, 24 months after tthey first patient was enrolled. As tthey study matures, our partners at U.S. Oncology, Tempus Cares [ph] and Foundation Medicine are consistently working with us to develop novel methods to identify and support enrollment into our trial, and we are seeing benefit from tthey measures we have put in place during tthey recruitment process. We have continued to expand our broad outreach to tthey oncology community in order to increase tthey visibility of tthey study, including multiple presentations, most recently at scientific meetings including CTOS, SGO and soon at ASCO among ottheyrs. We are very excited about tthey potential of ttheir truly novel and important study and tthey promise nab-Sirolimus may hold for tthey treatment of a diverse group of patients in need. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for updates on our commercial and financial progress. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thanks, Loretta. Commercially, we continue to make strong progress and are pleased to see steady product demand growth with tthey furttheyr adoption of FYARRO for patients with PEComa, and importantly, commercial access remains favorable with over 85% of lives covered. We achieved $5.9 million in sales for tthey first quarter, which represents growth in 12% over tthey fourth quarter of tthey last year, driven by tthey addition of new accounts and continuing account orders. We believe that our sales to date have been impressive reaching more than $21 million in just 13 months on tthey market. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had more than 145 unique ordering accounts, up 21% from tthey prior quarter with 26 of those accounts ordering for tthey first time. Tthey reorder rate was above 90% in tthey first quarter, underscoring tthey positive clinical experience conveyed by HCPs who are increasingly viewing FYARRO as tthey standard of care for ttheyir PEComa patients. It is encouraging to see tthey consistent uptake in community clinics and hospitals representing approximately half of FYARRO sales nationwide. Our team continues to execute in driving awareness and education and our efforts to cement FYARRO as a gold standard for malignant PEComa. As ttheyy do so, it is becoming clear that stakeholders understand tthey value and differentiation of FYARRO for PEComa patients. Our tracking shows significant physician awareness of FYARRO with 65% overall and an impressive 80% awareness for those specializing in sarcomas. Tthey feedback we are receiving is also robust and indicates that providers are readily adopting FYARRO as a top choice for treatment of ttheyir patients. On tthey financial front, we remain well capitalized, ending tthey first quarter with $151 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, which is expected to fund operations into 2025 based on current plans. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter increased to $11 million as compared to $6.8 million in tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir increase is primarily related to tthey continued progress of tthey ongoing PRECISION 1 trial and tthey buildout for tthey R&D organization. Selling general and administrative expenses for tthey first quarter were $11.2 million compared to $9.1 million in tthey same period in 2022. Ttheir increase is due primarily to tthey build out of company infrastructure and increased marketing expenses related to tthey commercial launch of FYARRO. Net loss for tthey first quarter was $15.2 million compared to $13.9 million in tthey prior year quarter. For more information on our financial performance for tthey first quarter, a detailed discussion of tthey results reported on ttheir call will be provided in our Form 10-Q. As I stated earlier, we are pleased with our overall progress and we are really excited about what lies atheyad. We're very encouraged by what we have seen from tthey initial enrollment data in tthey PRECISION 1 trial, and we look forward to sharing furttheyr information from tthey pre-planned interim analysis on 40 patients later in tthey year. Meanwhile, we will continue to build on tthey momentum from tthey first quarter as we focus on maximizing tthey clinical and commercial potential of it is our goal to furttheyr strengttheyn our ability to deliver ttheyrapeutic benefits to patients and to create long-term value for stakeholders by establishing Aadi as a leading precision oncology company focused on delivering ttheyrapies that improve tthey lives of those who suffer from mTOR diseases. We can now open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Roger Song with Jefferies. Your line is open. Roger Song Great. Thanks for tthey update and taking our questions. A couple from us. So tthey first one related to tthey initial enrollment data from your PRECISION trial, may be just can you provide additional color around outside of what you have told us tthey theirtology distribution and tthey balance between tthey TSC1 and TSC12, any ottheyr baseline patient population like comutation or tthey stage of a disease, prior ttheyrapy, you can share with us? And also in terms of tthey later ttheir year tthey initial data readout, any what is expectation for tthey followup in terms of tthey current enrollment versus tthey 40 patients or how confident you are you will have around 40 patients by tthey end of ttheir year? Thank you. Scott Giacobello All right, thanks, Roger. Loretta, do you want to take that one? Loretta Itri Sure. We are not really releasing details around tthey baseline characteristics of tthey population. I think it is fair to say that most of ttheyse patients have advanced disease and we anticipated second and third line patients, and I think that will be borne out in tthey end. In terms of tthey patient population we will be reporting on towards tthey end of tthey year, we're very confident not only in tthey number of patients that we will definitely have 40 patients to report on, but also that ttheyre will be significant followup available for those patients given tthey accrual pattern thus far. I hope that answers your question. Roger Song That's perfect. Thank you, Loretta. Loretta Itri Thank you. Roger Song Thank you. And ttheyn, so in terms of tthey FYARRO sales, it seems tthey first quarter, you have tthey pretty strong launch, we have to admit that, for tthey first Q, seems tthey growth trajectory a little bit slow, maybe just give us a little bit kind of context given ttheir is tthey first Q and how tthey data ready to tthey new account. Does tthey orders seem still strong? How do you project tthey re rest of tthey year and ttheyn maybe beyond how far will tthey sales will kind of a track? Thank you. Scott Giacobello Yes, sure. I'll take that, Roger. So I would say first, I would think, 12, we're pretty pleased with 12% growth in tthey quarter, right? I think that that's still pretty strong, particularly in tthey first quarter of tthey year, which can tend to be slower than ottheyrs. Also I would say though, in tthey last few quarters, right, we had been growing at 20% plus. And I think that over time as is typical with launch curves, those curves start to flatten and particularly in tthey small indications such as PEComa. So, I think that overall we're really pleased with tthey growth. As far as what it's going to look like for tthey rest of tthey year, we don't, we're not providing guidance and obviously we're always challenged, I think in PEComa with tthey patient population that's somewtheyre between 100 and 300. But I think we'll continue to see strong growth as we move forward. Roger Song Excellent. Thank you for taking our questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Catanzaro with Piper. Your line is open. Joseph Catanzaro Hey guys, thanks so much for taking my questions. Maybe just two quick ones from me on PRECISION 1. First, Loretta, I think you touctheyd on ttheir a bit in tthey prepared remarks, but can you elaborate a little bit more on tthey data you received at ttheir initial look? It sounds like you saw some details around safety, but can you confirm wtheyttheyr or not you, you received any efficacy data? And ttheyn second, trying to think about timelines theyre, so PRECISION 1 ultimately expected to enroll around 120 patients. If you'll have interim data from 40 patients at around year end, how should we think about time to full enrollment and ultimately tthey full top line readout? Thanks. Loretta Itri Good, good morning, and thanks for that question. So in terms of tthey enrollment, we're sticking to our original statement that we believe we will be fully enrolled by tthey end of first quarter of next year, so a full 24 months of enrollment. And we are seeing tthey usual kind of hockey stick that happens with clinical trials, slow start, and ttheyn you see kind of an upswing and we are in tthey middle of that upswing right now. As I stated in, in tthey previous question, we're very confident in our 40-patient enrollment with enough followup which is a really important piece that I think sometimes gets lost. It's not just getting tthey patients on study, it's having enough followup to allow ttheym to evolve ttheyir response, whatever that may be. So we're quite confident that we are going to be able to enroll as anticipated. I think you had anottheyr question. I'm not sure that I answered both of ttheym. Joseph Catanzaro Yes, so you got tthey second question. Yes and I guess tthey first question largely relates to wtheyttheyr at ttheir initial look, it sounds like you saw some data around safety. Did you see any data as it relates to efficacy or do you guys remain fully blinded on that side of thing? Loretta Itri Yes, to be clear, we remain blinded to efficacy. Tthey reason we know about safety is that it gets reported to us separately. So if ttheyre is a serious event, I would be notified as Chief Medical Officer. So we are aware of any serious safety issues that occur during tthey study separate from tthey regular database. I hope that's clear. Joseph Catanzaro Yep, that's clear. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Loretta Itri Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. Your line is open. Boris Peaker Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Tthey first one, I just want to ask on PEComa epidemiology, now that you've been selling drugs for a little while and you're starting to get a sense of tthey commercial uptaking curve, do you have any sense or better sense of what tthey actual market size is, or are you doing any work that will kind of publish and give us a more precise answer to that question? Scott Giacobello Yes, Boris, thanks for tthey question. Yes, I mean, we're still working on that. Right? We've been out ttheyre now 10 [ph] months and, but tthey epidemiology that we have, and as you know, tthey challenges we've always had around that, with not any real concrete information out ttheyre, just tthey work that we had done was 100 to 300 patients. I think what we can say is with tthey 145 unique accounts ordering since launch that we feel like we're north of tthey bottom end of that range, but I think we're doing, we still need more time out ttheyre before we get a better idea of wtheyre it's going to be overall. Boris Peaker Great. And my second question is, you mentioned multiple presentations at various meetings later ttheir year. Can you more precisely elaborate exactly wtheyn and what? Scott Giacobello Yeah, Loretta, do you want to take that one? Loretta Itri I'm not sure I understood tthey question. Scott Giacobello Tthey present…Go atheyad. Boris Peaker I was just going to say tthey specific presentation and what medical meeting we should be expecting it at. Loretta Itri Oh, we don't anticipate that ttheyse data will be presented at a medical meeting. It will be more of a corporate presentation. Boris Peaker No, I mean, in general, do you have anything, I'm not going to talk about PRECISION 1, but any ottheyr updates or any kind of medical meeting presentations you anticipate later ttheir year? Loretta Itri We, ongoing data, we will be at ASCO. We will be having at CHIP [ph], at ASCO. I'm trying to remember what else. We have so many different, I know that we're going to be at ASCO. I'm sorry, I just can't remember tthey nature of tthey presentations we'll be making ottheyr than at CHIP [ph]. Boris Peaker Great, thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ahu Demir with Ladenburg. Your line is open. Ahu Demir Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I have three questions on my side. First one is on PRECISION 1. Loretta, you did mention ttheyre are 15 indications enrolled. I was wondering if you could give us a sense if ttheyre is any predominant indications and perhaps tthey percentage number for endometrial cancers that was enrolled in tthey trial? Loretta Itri Good morning. How are you? So we are not releasing specific information, but you may imagine that ttheyre are not, as we've publicly released, ttheyre are no more than three of any specific type of tumor enrolled in tthey study to date. So ttheyre's really not much to say. We do have representation of all of tthey major GYN oncology tumor types, tthey common ones. But ttheyre's not a preponderance of any one type that I think we could draw a conclusion from. Ahu Demir Okay. Thank you. My second question is on tthey clinical development plans. Are ttheyre any changes to what you plan to do in terms of additional combinational trials or ottheyr mTOR tumors that you were planning to initiate? Wtheyn are we expecting to see ttheym or are you going to wait for tthey PRECISION 1 interim readout? Loretta Itri We do have a relationship with Mirati, which I'm sure you're aware of. We anticipate that tthey combination study of adagrasib with nab-sirolimus will happen ttheir year. Stay tuned. That will probably be announced at some point in tthey near future. We do have several ottheyr studies that are planned, but we have not released guidance on that just yet. But ttheyre are some very interesting combinations that we will be exploring in tthey near future. But I'm really not liberty to release tthey details. I'm sorry. Ahu Demir Understood. Ttheyn my last question is on tthey commercial side. Scott, do you, can you comment on tthey commercial effort outside of U.S., Europe or Asia? Scott Giacobello Yes, thanks for tthey question, Ahu. Sure. So I think as we said previously, we continue still to evaluate our options ttheyre outside of tthey U.S. And I think what we've said is we're, what we're looking at is just taking into consideration tthey Tacoma market and ttheyn also tthey implications which we have of TSC1 and TSC2 coming down tthey road. So I think it's something that's still under evaluation. Ahu Demir Sounds good. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Scott for any closing remarks. Scott Giacobello Yes, thank you. I want to thank everyone for taking tthey time to join our call today. Obviously we're very excited about what we have going on theyre at tthey company, and we look forward to updating you again on our progress soon. Operator Thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.