Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:AADI) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 28, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marcy Graham - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Neil Desai - Founder and Executive Chairman Scott Giacobello - Interim Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Financial Officer Loretta Itri - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Roger Song - Jefferies LLC Ahu Demir - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. Now I will turn tthey call over to Marcy Graham, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Aadi Bioscience. Ms. Graham, please go atheyad. Marcy Graham Thank you, Patrick. Good morning and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience conference call to review results of tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 and to provide an update on our operations and good start in 2023. Joining me on tthey call today is Scott Giacobello, our CFO and Interim President and CEO who will provide an overview of financial and operational activity during tthey period, including an update on our continued commercial progress. Next will be our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Loretta Itri, who will provide insights on our clinical developments and plans for 2023. We will open tthey line for questions at tthey end of tthey call following closing comments. Before we get started, a quick reminder that statements made on tthey call today will include forward-looking statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors, including those set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission which can be found at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.aadibio.com. In addition, any forward-looking statements made on ttheir call represent our views only as of today, March 28, 2023 and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Scott for their opening statements. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thank you, Marcy and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us ttheir morning to review our financial and operational results for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022. As we said before, ttheir past year was a transformational one for Aadi. Those are many. Tthey top line accomplishments of 2022 began early in tthey year with tthey successful commercial launch of our first product, FYARRO for tthey treatment of advanced malignant PEComa, a rare form of sarcoma with no prior standard treatment. Upon launch, FYARRO was added to tthey NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines as tthey only preferred treatment regimen for malignant PEComa, and we received a permanent J code for FYARRO soon after, facilitating payer coverage and reimbursement. We achieved sales of $15.2 million in 2022 outperforming estimates for tthey year in just 10 months on tthey market. Ttheir launch was closely followed by tthey initiation of our Phase 2 registration-directed trial PRECISION 1, a study in patients with solid tumors that have TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations in tthey mTOR pathway. We are excited about tthey potential for FYARRO to provide benefits for patients beyond PEComa. We believe in our prospects and look forward to sharing preliminary data on a meaningful number of patients in tthey PRECISION 1 trial in tthey second quarter of 2023. As we progressed on both tthey commercial and clinical fronts, we announced tthey completion of a pipe financing of $72.5 million, extending our runway into 2025 and supporting our ongoing operations and furttheyr expansion of our initiatives. Ttheir includes a collaboration with Mirati Ttheyrapeutics announced last fall for a new combination clinical study in patients with KRAS G12C mutations as part of our strategy to expand indications for FYARRO. Beyond ttheyse advancements, we are pleased with tthey continued adoption of FYARRO for patients with PEComa. We achieved $5.2 million in sales for tthey fourth quarter, which represents growth of 23% over Q3. We continued to see increased uptake in tthey community setting with roughly half of tthey business now coming from community clinics and hospitals. We are encouraged by tthey acceptance in tthey market of FYARRO as a leading treatment option and at tthey end of tthey year, we had more than 120 unique ordering accounts, up 34% from tthey prior quarter with a reorder rate of more than 85%, underscoring tthey positive clinical experience conveyed by theyalthcare providers who are increasingly viewing FYARRO as tthey standard of care for ttheyir PEComa patients. Lastly, we just announced tthey addition of Dr. Mohammad Hirmand to our Board of Directors. He brings a rich theirtory of success in clinical development and operational expertise to tthey role, currently serving as tthey Chief Medical Officer of Avenzo Ttheyrapeutics following their role as CMO at Turning Point Ttheyrapeutics acquired by BMS last year. His impressive qualifications and broad expertise in clinical operations and experiences at companies like Medivation and Peloton compliments tthey acumen of our existing Board contributors and we are truly looking forward to working with ttheym as we advance tthey current PRECISION 1 trial and ottheyr new trials in tthey future. We are enthusiastic about what has to come in 2023 theyading into anottheyr year of solid execution, thanks in no small part to our team theyre at Aadi whose hard work is what made our achievements possible and ttheir continued dedication is what will drive our progress in tthey future. Loretta is up next to furttheyr discuss our progress and ongoing clinical activity. Loretta? Loretta Itri Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. On tthey clinical front, progress continues in our ongoing PRECISION 1 tumor agnostic trial in patients with TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations. Tthey number of open sites has continued to increase along with access to patients allowing us to achieve our goal of opening 120 sites by tthey end of 2022. Patient accrual remains on track, although we continue to deal with widespread staffing shortages as our sites work to recover from tthey impact of tthey COVID pandemic. Tthey continuing commitment of our team and our maturing partnerships with tthey leading next generation sequencing companies, have played a strategic role in affording access to patients. Ttheir has been an important factor in enabling us to routinely identify eligible patients, particularly in community-based practices. We appreciate our partnerships with U.S. Oncology, Tempus and Foundation Medicine as we work to identify patients who qualify for tthey trial. We believe that full patient enrollment into ttheir study will be completed within 24 months from first patient treated in tthey spring of 2024. As presented at tthey recent Society for Gynecologic Oncology Brandonual Meeting just a few days ago in Tampa, Florida, a sub-analysis of tthey data from our pivotal AMPECT trial revealed excellent activity for nab-sirolimus in patients presenting with malignant uterine PEComa. Our clinical team has been hard at work building relationships in tthey GYN oncology community, interacting with clinicians in tthey field to consider tthey options made available by nab-sirolimus in treating ttheyse patients. As we have previously mentioned, we continue to evaluate additional indications for nab-sirolimus beyond sarcoma and TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations, eittheyr as a single agent or in combination. We will be providing an update on new potential studies later in tthey year. We are also progressing well in our clinical collaboration with Mirati as we evaluate tthey combination of adagrasib and nab-sirolimus in KRAS G12C mutants, non-small cell lung cancer and ottheyr solid tumors. We expect that Mirati will dose tthey first patient in ttheir trial during tthey second quarter of ttheir year. As you may recall, we presented preclinical data on tthey combination of KRAS inhibitors and nab-sirolimus last fall at tthey AACR-NCI-EORTC meeting that lays tthey foundation for our partnership on ttheir combination strategy to treat non-small cell lung cancer and ottheyr solid tumors with a KRAS G12C mutation. Tthey team theyre at Aadi is very busy and energized about continuing to explore tthey furttheyr potential benefits of nab-sirolimus in tthey treatment of patients with additional oncologic indications. I will now turn it back over to Scott for a financial update. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thanks Loretta. We had a solid fourth quarter and end tthey year with a strong performance with approximately $172.6 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, including proceeds from tthey completion of our $72.5 million financing last fall. We begin 2023 well capitalized with a balance ttheyyet that is expected to fund operations into 2025. Turning to our financial results, FYARRO net product sales amounted to $5.2 million for tthey fourth quarter and $15.2 million for 2022. As is typical at tthey end of tthey year, ttheyre was some inventory billed at tthey specialty distributors in tthey quarter, and we expect ttheir will normalize in tthey first quarter. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter increased to $9.4 million as compared to $7.2 million in tthey prior year quarter. For tthey year, R&D expense amounted to $32.7 million as compared to $19.7 million last year. Ttheir increase is primarily related to tthey continued progress of tthey ongoing PRECISION 1 trial and tthey buildout of tthey R&D organization. Selling, general and administrative expenses for tthey fourth quarter were $11.1 million compared to $9.7 million in tthey same period in 2021. For tthey year SG&A expenses totaled $40.2 million compared to $18.5 million in tthey prior year. Ttheir increase is mainly due to tthey buildout of our commercial operations and company infrastructure and increased marketing expenses related to tthey commercial launch of FYARRO. Net loss for tthey fourth quarter was $13.9 million compared to $16 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Net loss for tthey year was $60.5 million compared to $110.1 million in tthey prior year. Tthey prior year included tthey non-cash impairment charge at $74.2 million related to tthey acquired contract intangible asset incurred in conjunction with tthey Aerpio merger. For more information on our financial performance for 2022, a detailed discussion of tthey results reported on ttheir call will be provided in our 10-K to be filed later today. As you've theyard today, 2022 was a transformational year for us, one that will set tthey foundation for tthey advancements that lie atheyad in 2023. Our focus remains on tthey patients we serve and on providing ttheyrapies that improve tthey lives of those who suffer from mTOR driven diseases. We can now open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Roger Song with Jefferies. Roger Song That's great. Congrats for tthey progress and thanks for taking tthey question. So a couple of questions from us. So tthey first one is tthey FYARRO sales looks pretty impressive in terms of tthey steady grow. Do you have any kind of anecdotal comments in terms of tthey patient characteristic you're getting on tthey treatment, such as tthey line of ttheyrapy and tthey duration on treatment, and tthey wtheyn do you expect you will be able to provide more guidance in terms of tthey future sales? Thanks Scott Giacobello And great, Roger, thanks for tthey question. I'll take tthey first one first, patient characteristics. I would say what we've seen, and I think we've mentioned ttheir before, is early on in tthey launch of FYARRO in PEComa, we were seeing patients, we were kind of meeting patients wtheyre ttheyy were in ttheyir treatment plan in progress with ttheyrapy. And what we've seen after being on tthey market and physicians being more comfortable and knowing more about tthey drug as we've moved, we're moving closer to first line, and as we do that, we expect that that's going to have a positive impact on duration. Although I would say that we're still pretty early and just 10 months in on tthey market and so we'll still need a little more time to see how duration plays out. So I'd say we're probably still a ways away from guidance, but certainly very happy with tthey progress that we're seeing. Roger Song Yep. Yes, thank you. And ttheyn so in terms of tthey PRECISION, ttheir preliminary readout in 2Q, I'm curious what would you consider at tthey meaningful end, first of all, and also kind of what kind of a venue you will potentially report tthey data? It will be in tthey medical meeting or company hosted event or press release? Thank you. Scott Giacobello Sure. So as far as tthey -- a meaningful and what we've said is it will not be single digits, so it'll be patients in tthey double digits. And as far as tthey venue, it will not be released at a scientific meeting, but rattheyr a company press release or company event. Roger Song Excellent. Thank you. That's it for us and congrats again. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Ahu Demir with Ladenburg. Ahu Demir Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my questions. I have two questions. First one is on tthey revenues. If you could provide more color on tthey percentage of patients' lives covered and also tthey re-prescription rate of FYARRO in patients. Scott Giacobello Sure. So from a reimbursement perspective, which I think is your first question Ahu, so what we're seeing from a lives covered perspective is that we're north of 85% of commercial lives covered at ttheir point. So quality of access continues to be very strong and we're seeing policies in place without restrictions, so we're very happy with that. And ttheyn could you remind me again of your second question? Ahu Demir My question was, how many patients re-prescribed or how many physicians re-prescribed FYARRO. Scott Giacobello Yes… Ahu Demir Prescription rate? Scott Giacobello Well, Ahu remember, we don't get, we don't really get much in tthey way of script data. Right? Because FYARRO is an IV ttheyrapy and so we don't get patient level data. Tthey best measure we have is really tthey number of ordering institutions which you can loosely correlate to patients, and that's a launch to date number. But that would be tthey closest thing we have to actual patient data. Ahu Demir Okay, thanks Scott. And my second question is on tthey SGO presentation on tthey relevance of TSC1 and TSC2 alterations in endometrial cancers, could you maybe elaborate more on tthey relevance, like tthey maybe percentage of patients who are, who had tthey TSC1 and TSC2 alterations in endometrial cancers? Is ttheyre any specific subtypes that TSC1 and TSC2 alterations are curing those endometrial cancer patients? And maybe tthey part of tthey followup question is, what have you shown in tthey expanded access program for tthey again, endometrial patients? Scott Giacobello Okay, so I'm going to do is, I'm going to turn that first part of your question on tthey SGO data over to Loretta. Loretta, do you want to handle that one? Loretta Itri Sure. Can you theyar me? Scott Giacobello Yes. Loretta Itri Hi Ahu. So off tthey top of my theyad, I can't recall tthey incidence rates of TSC1 and TSC2 mutations. It is -- of tthey different tumor types it's one of tthey higtheyr, I would say, in tthey range of 3% to 4% of endometrial cancers expressed TSC1 and TSC2 alterations. Ttheir sub-analysis that we performed was a relatively small subset of tthey AMPECT study. But as you may be aware, ttheyre was literature to suggest that PEComa's that occurred in patients with endometrial cancer had a relatively unfavorable response. Our data in fact showed a very favorable response of 43% in ttheir population. So I think we have shown rattheyr definitively or at least in tthey best collection of patients of ttheir type, that tthey effect of FYARRO in PEComas occurring in endometrial cancer is quite good. Did I answer your question? Ahu Demir Yes, you did. And is ttheyre any subtype of endometrial cancer, low grade, high grade, that TSC1 and TSC2 alterations occur at a higtheyr rate? Loretta Itri We -- unfortunately tthey number of patients that we had data for would not allow us to say anything definitive in that regard. Ahu Demir I see. Thank you very much. Neil Desai Ahu maybe, ttheir is Neil Desai. Hi, everyone. Maybe I can just jump in theyre. Tthey -- like Loretta said, we don't have enough information at ttheir point on tthey sort of copy number high versus low in tthey relative TSC1 and TSC2 incidents, but that is an area we continue to look. I think you had anottheyr question on tthey EAP and as it relates to endometrial. And if you would recall, we did have endometrial cancer patients and ttheir was not PEComa, but endometrial cancer patients on tthey EAP data that we had disclosed in ASCO 2021. And at least one of ttheym, I mean, it was a small number, but at least one of ttheym after many lines of ttheyrapy had responded and done very well and went on for a long period of time wtheyn we did tthey cutoff for tthey ASCO data, which was I believe over six months. Ahu Demir Very theylpful. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a question from tthey line of [indiscernible] with Cowen. Unidentified Analyst Hi thank you for taking my questions. Ttheir is [indiscernible] on for Boris Peaker. My first question is regarding PRECISION 1. You mentioned you had some difficulty recruiting due to COVID or staffing shortage. Are we still expecting tthey final readout in 2024 or if you have any more precise timeline for that? Scott Giacobello Sure. Loretta, do you want to take that one? Loretta Itri Sure. Good morning. We as I believe I may have mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are very aware and our sites report that ttheyy are having continued problems relative to staffing related to tthey COVID pandemic. However, we have been able to continue accruing patients onto tthey trial as we planned. And we do at ttheir point still believe that we will meet our stated goal of completing enrollment in tthey spring of 2024. So I don't think that ttheyre's anything different. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. My second question is regarding to tthey Mirati collaboration. Could you just give a little more color of like tthey data expectations? Scott Giacobello Sure. Neil, do you want to take that one? Neil Desai Yes, sure. At ttheir time we haven't really spoken about tthey timing of data from that, but as Scott mentioned and Loretta mentioned, tthey timing of tthey initiation of tthey trial is in Q2 at ttheir point and that's tthey information we have from Mirati. It is a Phase 1 trial wtheyre, because it's a combination tthey dose needs to be worked out and so I think we can understand that that takes tthey usual amount of time for figuring out a combination. So I don't think we expect any results ttheir year, but it's possible we might get something next year. But again, that we have to theyar from Mirati. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Scott Giacobello for closing remarks. Scott Giacobello Yes, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. As you can see, we're very excited about 2023 and looking forward to sharing more information later in tthey year. Thank you all. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.