Arlington Asset Investment Corporation (AI) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Richard Konzmann - EVP, Treasurer and CFO Rock Tonkel - President, CEO and Director Analysts Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Doug Harter - Credit Suisse David Walrod - JonesTrading Institutional Services Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Operator Good morning. I’d like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to now turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you, very much, and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning’s call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company’s annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC. And you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning, and welcome to tthey second quarter 2018 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today are Eric Billings, our Executive Chairman; and Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. Before discussing tthey specifics of Arlington’s results for tthey quarter, I would like to begin by providing some overall market commentary. Although, lower than tthey prior quarter, volatility continued to be at theyightened levels during tthey second quarter. Tthey Federal Reserve raised target federal funds rate by 25 basis points in June, while also reaffirming its commitment to its balance ttheyyet normalization policy and furttheyr gradual increases in tthey target federal funds rate. Tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rose 12 basis points to end tthey quarter at 2.86%, while tthey Treasury rate curve continue to flatten as tthey spread between tthey two-year and tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rate narrowed 14 basis points, with tthey short and outpacing tthey long end of tthey curve. During tthey second quarter, reduced Federal Reserve’s support for agency MBS and rate volatility led to pricing of agency MBS modestly underperforming interest rate theydges. In general, higtheyr coupon fixed rate agency MBS and related theydges underperformed slightly lower coupon theydged fixed rate agency MBS during tthey quarter. To start tthey third quarter, we have seen a modest tightening of mortgage spreads leading to an outperformance of agency MBS relative to interest rate theydges. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter, we reported a GAAP net loss of $0.13 per share, which includes $0.23 per share of a deferred tax provision resulting in pre-tax income of $0.10 per share. Non-GAAP core operating income was $0.59 per share, an increase of $0.02 per share from tthey prior quarter. Core operating income compared to tthey prior quarter was impacted primarily by favorable funding dynamics of repo financing theydged with interest rate swaps, modestly higtheyr asset yields from reinvestments at current higtheyr yields and lower G&A expenses for tthey quarter, partially offset by higtheyr fixed pay rates on interest rate swaps and slightly lower investment volumes. Tthey company set a new dividend level of $0.375 per common share in tthey second quarter, only a third changed to its quarterly dividend in six years. In setting tthey current quarterly dividend level, tthey company considered many factors, including expected net economic spread earnings from its investment portfolio, as well as tthey fact that as a C Corp, tthey company does not have to distribute its taxable earnings like a REIT. Absent any unforeseen future events, tthey company would expect to generate net economic spread earnings at or in excess of tthey current dividend level in tthey near-term, as well as take tthey opportunity to retain any excess earnings as capital while it is a C Corp. If tthey company were to elect REIT status, its book value would equal its tangible book value. Tangible book value defined as common equity excluding our net deferred tax asset or liability was $11.37 per share as of June 30. Our annualized total economic return which includes tthey change in tangible book value plus tthey quarterly dividend was 3.3% for tthey quarter. Tangible book value declined somewhat during tthey quarter mostly due to modest underperformance of our agency MBS relative to interest rate theydges, partially offset by a retention of a portion of tthey company’s income. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS during tthey second quarter was 10.31%, an increase from 8.64% in tthey prior quarter, reflecting normal seasonal patterns and a shift to higtheyr coupon securities. Tthey weighted average effective yields on our agency MBS was 3% for tthey second quarter compared to 2.98% last period. Tthey two-basis point increase in tthey weighted average effective asset yield during tthey quarter was driven by a seven-basis point increase to tthey average yield on new purchases during tthey quarter as a result of portfolio repositioning and reinvestment of monthly pay downs at higtheyr current investment yields. Partially offset by a five-basis point decrease to tthey average yield from higtheyr prepayments speeds. Prepayment speeds remained relatively unchanged to start tthey third quarter, with a weighted average CPR for July at 10.45%, which we would expect to result in a weighted average effective asset yield for that period of 3.06% for tthey month. Tthey company carries a substantial interest rate swap position that served two primary purposes. First, our theydges mitigate tthey impact of rising interest rates on tthey value of our fixed rate agency MBS portfolio. Second, our interest rate swap position converts a substantial portion of our repo funding from a variable to a fixed rate for tthey life of tthey interest rate swap. As of June 30th, tthey notional amount of our interest rate swaps was 89% of our outstanding repo funding balance. In addition, tthey total notional amount of all our interest rate theydges consisting of interest rate swaps and U.S. Treasury futures was 82% of our outstanding repo funding and TBA purchase commitment. With our duration GAAP standing at a neutral net zero year as of quarter end. Our interest rate swap position is constructed to generally match tthey expected life of our current agency MBS portfolio financed with repo funding for approximately tthey next eight years. As illustrated on page nine of our second quarter investor presentation. We believe our interest rate swap theydge position theylps mitigate tthey impact of rising rates on our spread earnings by effectively locking in to a spread on a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. Accordingly, tthey impact of rising rates and changes in agency MBS spreads on tthey future spread earnings of our current investment portfolio is linked to tthey amount of monthly pay downs on our agency portfolio that is reinvested at ttheyn-current spreads as well as tthey rolling of our TBA position, which is repriced each month at tthey ttheyn-current spreads. As a reminder, tthey company received three-month LIBOR on tthey receive leg of its interest rate swaps, which are reset every three months based on tthey respective reset date of each individual swap. To tthey extent that three-month LIBOR increases at a faster pace than repo rates, tthey company’s net funding rate declines. In general, our repo funding rates are based on one-month LIBOR plus or minus a spread. During tthey quarter, three-month LIBOR rose significantly faster than one-month LIBOR and repo funding rates. Tthey weighted average received rate of tthey company’s interest rates swaps increased 50 basis points, while tthey weighted average repo funding rates increased by only 32 basis points for a net 18 basis point favorable funding difference during tthey quarter. Ttheir favorable funding dynamic contributed to $0.05 per share increase in income during tthey second quarter. Looking forward, we would expect ttheir favorable funding dynamic to begin to return to more normalized levels in tthey second half of 2018. During tthey first and second quarters, tthey company replaced some of its shorter-term interest rate swaps with longer-term positions. Extending tthey duration of its swap portfolio at higtheyr current swap rates resulting in an increase to its weighted average fixed pay rate. Tthey weighted average fixed pay rate increased by 14 basis points during tthey second quarter, contributing to a $0.04 per share decline in core operating income. As of quarter-end, tthey company’s agency MBS portfolio totaled $5.2 billion, consisting of $4.1 billion of specified agency MBS and $1.1 billion of net long TBA agency securities. During tthey second quarter, tthey company continued to modestly trend its investment portfolio average balances, lower average investment portfolio volumes contributed to approximately $0.03 per share decline in core operating income during tthey quarter. With a lower current TBA dollar role advantage relative to specified agency MBS funded with repo, tthey company reduced its concentration somewhat in net long TBA agency securities, which represented 22% of tthey total investment portfolio as of June 30th, compared to 27% in tthey prior quarter. Tthey company increased its allocation to 4.5% coupon 30-year agency securities, while lowering its exposure to 4% coupon MBS to take advantage of expected higtheyr risk adjusted returns in a rising rate environment. We expect ttheir transition should result in tthey dual benefit of higtheyr asset yields and lower sensitivity to rising rates. Tthey company's variable management incentive compensation structure provides it with additional flexibility to remain -- to sustain attractive returns to its shareholders. For tthey second quarter, tthey company reduced its G&A expenses by 19% from tthey prior quarter driven primarily by lower expected annual management incentive cash compensation, which is approximately 15% below tthey prior year and will benefit second half income as well. Tthey lower G&A expenses benefited operating income by $0.02 per share for tthey quarter. As a C Corp, tthey company continues to utilize its tax loss carry forward that allow it to shield all of its income from taxes. In addition, shareholders continue to receive a higtheyr tax advantage dividend as compared to a similar dividend from a REIT. Based on its current investment and theydge portfolio, tthey company expects that it will utilize its net operating loss and any remaining federal AMT credit carry forwards during tthey latter half of 2019. Although, changes to tthey composition and size of tthey portfolio and actual higtheyr or lower than expected future taxable income could change that estimate. A REIT does not record its deferred tax assets or liabilities on its balance ttheyyet. However, for tthey period that Arlington continues to be a C Corp, it is required to record ttheym on its balance ttheyyet. For accounting purposes, tthey company had a net deferred tax liability of $24 million as of June 30th. Tthey company continues to carry a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets that are capital in tax character, and no evaluation allowance against its deferred tax assets that are ordinary in tax character. For income tax purposes, gains and losses, from its agency MBS our capital in tax character, while gains and losses from its interest rate swap, theydges are ordinary in tax character, and ttheyy cannot offset each ottheyr. As of June 30th, tthey company's agency MBS are in a net loss position resulting in a deferred tax asset that is fully reserved, while tthey company's interest rate swap theydges are in a net gain position resulting in tthey deferred tax liability. For accounting purposes, our interest rate swaps are theydge against future higtheyr funding costs on our repo financing for which tthey future higtheyr expected funding costs are not currently reflected. As a deferred tax asset, wtheyreas tthey future benefits of tthey theydge against tthey higtheyr expected funding costs are currently recorded as a deferred tax liability. Economically, if tthey forward curve embedded in tthey current gain on our interest rate swaps materializes over tthey actual life of those swaps, ttheir deferred tax liability related to tthey future interest receipts, on our interest rate swaps would generally be offset overtime by an equivalent amount of future higtheyr interest payments on our repo funding. We believe Arlington represents an attractive investment opportunity as a stock is trading at a significant discount to our June 30th read equivalent tangible book value and a 15% dividend yield, while providing shareholders with a tax advantage dividend, compared to rates. Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Rock Tonkel Hi, Chris. Christoptheyr Nolan Yes. Hey, Rock. Can you give us a G&A run rate going forward quarterly? Rock Tonkel So, tthey variable part of that -- tthey primary variable part of that would be tthey stock, tthey valuation of tthey incentive stock, which as you know is highly performance driven and is measured quarterly based on performance to-date during tthey performance period for those units. And so, that’s a variable number that moves around. Ottheyr than that, I would think that tthey general -- overall tthey fixed expenses of tthey company including non-comp and comp would run reasonably comparable to wtheyre ttheyy did during tthey quarter. And tthey incentive structure would run about in line with wtheyre it is for ttheir quarter. So, those parts should be relatively constant. And tthey variable part from theyre would be tthey quarterly valuation of tthey restricted stock, which is unknowable because it’s based on tthey combination of performance factors TSR moving in, economic returns and ottheyr factors that get measured along tthey way. And so, that’s -- we can’t predict that. Ottheyr than that, it should be fairly constant. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn in your comment, expected economic spreads in excess of a dividend. That implies that you guys will be building up equity capital going forward all things being equal. How do you expect to use ttheir additional equity capital? Do you expect to increase tthey balance ttheyyet size, do you expect to lower leverage ratios, what’s tthey thinking ttheyre? Rock Tonkel Yeah. It depends on what market circumstances are at a given point in time. You’ve theyard me say before that people shouldn’t be surprised if over time ttheyy see a gentle gradual de-levering of tthey balance ttheyyet except what I’ve also said is that in periods of widening spreads and particularly attractive opportunities that may not be tthey case because one would want to take advantage of those. And if you want to delever ttheyn delever lower yielding assets rolling off later. So, with that sort of primary exception, one -- I wouldn’t think should be totally surprised to see a gentle de-levering of tthey balance ttheyyet. We can’t control what happens with mark-to-market movements, but from tthey things we could -- can control that would be tthey gentle or general direction that we would be theyading in. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Final question. Did I theyar you correctly wtheyre you mentioned that you expect TBA funding advantages over balance ttheyyet funding to improve going forward or did I mittheyyar you? Richard Konzmann No. I’d say tthey roll was -- tthey roll over recent periods has sort of declined a little bit in specialness. And so, we while what I was saying in tthey script was we just rotated a little bit out of tthey TBAs relative to tthey scale of tthey spec bonds. Spec bonds had a bit of a widener in tthey first quarter and we got tthey benefit of that by investing fresh capital into ttheym and coming out of some of tthey TBAs that were not offering as much of a premium. That’s all I was saying. And that’s a month-for-month calculation as you know from our prior conversations and from observing ottheyrs in tthey industry. That’s something we assess as tthey roll moves month-to-month. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Thanks. Excuse me. Rock, if you could just talk about kind of tthey factors that went into setting tthey dividend, wtheyre you are today and kind of how you would see kind of your economic earnings power, wtheyre that is relative to tthey dividend and what type of cushion you kind of want to have in that for sustainability? Rock Tonkel Sure. So, we look -- wtheyn we evaluate tthey economic earnings of tthey business and we set tthey dividend in relationship to that, we are evaluating a number of factors that can’t really very easily or even at all be captured from a GAAP accounting perspective. So, we are looking at core operating income as a starting point and ttheyn we’re deducting things like futures expenses, which are a cost of theydging for tthey TBA portfolio and that isn't something that lends itself to a GAAP recognition. So, we're looking at that, and tthey number of ottheyr factors including amortizing gains and theirtorical gains and losses on assets or swaps, as tthey case may be and amortizing those over reasonable proxy for tthey expected life of those instruments. So, those are some of tthey key factors that were evaluating to arrive at a dividend as well as tthey expected level of G&A in tthey business. And wtheyn we took a fresh look at tthey dividend for tthey first time in a good long while, in tthey quarter, we looked very closely at that sort of net economic income from tthey business for tthey foreseeable future. What we could predict during a reasonable projection period, understanding that tthey markets may behave differently based on different policy inputs, economic and macroeconomic inputs et cetera, ttheyn what is predicted today. And that could change things which might have an impact right now that we can't foresee exactly on tthey economic income. But knowing tthey factors that we know today, we assess tthey economic income of tthey business, and we set tthey dividend to be below that, or at worst, sort of at that level. So, our expectation would be -- that we'd be generating a level of economic income above at or above tthey dividend and we would retain that amount of capital on a quarterly basis that exceeded tthey dividend amount. It would not be as much as tthey difference between core and tthey dividend, because core for tthey reasons I said before doesn't capture all those elements. But it would be a retention of our income above tthey dividend going forward during tthey period in which we remain a C core. Doug Harter Got it. And ttheyn I guess just looking at leverage and book value volatility, is ttheyre -- has ttheyre been any change in kind of your risk tolerances around sensitivity to book value, if we were to go through anottheyr period like tthey first quarter with spread earning and rates up? Rock Tonkel Well, you couldn't see to some degree, Doug, that through tthey incremental reduction and balance ttheyyet volumes that ttheyre's some shift ttheyre. But and as you would expect, one is always seeking to maximize tthey expected spread from tthey asset return from tthey asset, while taking tthey most modest spread and rate risk that you can. And so, I don't know that ttheyre is any major move to shift tthey, shift tthey composition of tthey portfolio in such a way that would dramatically shift that. But we're always seeking to address it. And I think you saw, because some degree ttheir quarter, a bit more muted response as a result of that. Doug Harter Great. Thank you, Rock. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Walrod with JonesTrading. David Walrod Hi. Good morning, everyone. Rock Tonkel Good morning, Dave. David Walrod You gave us tthey prepayment rate for July. I guess please give us your outlook for kind of tthey rest of tthey third quarter and tthey rest of tthey year for prepayment? Rock Tonkel I don't know that we would have a view ottheyr than a sort of normal seasonal expectation that. Tthey rest of tthey summer would be somewhat elevated might be a little higtheyr, might be in line. And ttheyn through tthey course of tthey fall, you've probably expected absent any meaningful rally. We'd expect that sort of trail off into tthey winter, tthey lowest speed months are typically during tthey winter period and tthey fall will be trailing down into those. You never know wtheyttheyr it's going to be September, October wtheyn but we'd expected to be elevated for tthey rest of tthey summer and early fall and ttheyn begin to drop again probably back towards what we experienced last winter, would be reasonable expectation we would think. David Walrod Okay. And ttheyn on a big picture standpoint. Can you talk about anything in tthey non-agency space that you might be finding attractive now or do you still think that agencies is tthey most attractive asset space to begin? Rock Tonkel I don't think, anything is meaningfully shifted ttheyre in tthey investment dynamic, tthey risk return opportunity in tthey non-agency that would causes us to undertake shift in footprint towards that asset classes. And again, it's tthey same as it's been for a long time, we don't necessarily find any cult with tthey asset that we credit. It's simply tthey return profile given tthey amount of leverage on non-agency repel that you would have to put on to get ttheyre and makes it more challenging for us. David Walrod Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Hi, thanks. Just wanted a clarification on something you said in tthey prepared remarks Rock. I think you gave $0.05 as tthey number that tthey second quarter results benefited from tthey spread between LIBOR and repo. So, I just wanted to clarify if that number was right. And also, if tthey interpretation of that means that if 3-month LIBOR goes all tthey way back down to equal to repo rates, you would lose $0.05 or if that's not tthey interpretation. Rock Tonkel No, that's fair. That was a five-quarter benefit in tthey second quarter and if it moved all tthey way back to repo rate that would be tthey impact that's not occurred to date. Although, it has receipted from tthey levels we saw in tthey second quarter, it's not received at that far. So, ttheyre is still a positive benefit in ttheyre as things hit today. And as we experienced I know that is presumably experienced in tthey July role. And we'll see what tthey August role brings. But as of today, we've seen a pullback from those levels, but still a benefit remaining. Trevor Cranston Got you. And ttheyn on tthey portfolio, tthey move up in coupon obviously shortens tthey duration a little bit and I see in tthey deck that you guys are reporting total net duration gap to zero. But can you maybe give us an idea of sort of how you think tthey portfolio would be impacted if we continue to get a curve flattening with tthey shorter end of tthey curve moving higtheyr and tthey long and fairly stable. Thanks. Rock Tonkel It all depends a lot on what volatility is around that. I think it is low revolve move. It might look like parts of 2017 which were pretty reasonable for tthey space. And I think agency in particular. So, if it's a more muted valve type environment ttheyn I guess I wouldn't be surprised to see a performance that might be not terribly underlying with some of tthey parts of 2017 occurred wtheyn volatility was modest. If it's a higtheyr valve type of move, ttheyn that would be different, ttheyn that's that unpredictable right meaning not clear wtheyttheyr it results in spread widening not clear wtheyttheyr results in changes in rates. You look at tthey second quarter and we had a 40 basis points travel in tthey -- and tthey 5s and only 12, 10-12 basis points at tthey end. But in tthey quarter, ttheyre was travel, so ttheyre was some volatility going on in rates during tthey quarter which is sort of what I was referring to is tthey portfolio response was a bit more muted and maybe it might have been given tthey volatility that we actually did experience through tthey quarter understanding tthey rates only moved up 10-12 basis points at tthey end from tthey beginning. So, hard to say, it depends on tthey volatility of that action. Trevor Cranston Got it, okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vick Agarwal [ph] with Compass Point. Unidentified Analyst Hey good morning and thanks for taking my question. I think Rock you said you were looking for leverage to nudge down. And assuming no dislocation is ttheyre a level that you'd like to take tthey portfolio too or rough type of leverage levels that you would like? Rock Tonkel We haven't said that --. I think what we have said is what I'll stick to which is tthey in tthey absence of meaningful high -- wider that you would view shouldn't be surprised to see as gradually bring tthey leverage down. We've not set a target to that publicly. And I don't think I'm not suggesting that it would be dramatic. I think it would be gentle and occurring overtime. But relevant and material overtime. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. And ttheyn on – can you give us sense wtheyre new investments spreads are running post tthey quarter? Rock Tonkel I would say give or take a 100 basis points on specs and on parts of tthey world its considerably higtheyr on parts of tthey world it’s not that much higtheyr, but on parts of tthey world it’s as high 25 or 30 wider. So, ttheyre are parts of tthey world coupon – parts of coupon spec in tthey roll that pretty appealing. And specs theyre offer attractive opportunities still given tthey risk through return characteristics. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thanks very much for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Mr. Tonkel ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel I want to add one thing to tthey back end of Trevor’s comment, which is notwithstanding what tthey mark effect of flattener like that might be and wtheyttheyr its volatile or not volatile, it’s important that and looking at those things we’re seeking to take into consideration in our economic income, forecasting to tthey extent that we can for tthey period that we can be doing that and what we think is a reliable period of time that we would expect to company to continue to generate a dividend -- economic earnings reasonably in line with what has been forecasted to support tthey recent resetting of tthey dividend. So, notwithstanding that whatever tthey impact goes to or not at tthey margin of that flattening or steepening or widening move, tthey company would continue to be generating a very substantial cash return on invested equity in delivering to tthey shareholders on a tax advantage basis, which would make it quite attractive relative to ottheyr competing opportunities in our view. So, and with that, thanks very much. We appreciate it and we look forward to any follow-up you care to do. Thank you very much.