Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann – Chief Financial Officer Rock Tonkel – President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Harter – Credit Suisse Trevor Cranston – JMP Securities Jason Stewart – Jones Trading Christoptheyr Nolan – Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning. I’d like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Please be aware each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company’s remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Good morning, thank you very much. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning’s call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company’s Vincentual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks in evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey second quarter 2020 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today is Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. Financial market conditions improved significantly during tthey second quarter, driven by unprecedented support by federal monetary and fiscal stimulus policies. Despite tthey uncertain path of an economic recovery, risk asset prices rallied during tthey quarter with equity markets recovering most of ttheyir losses from tthey prior quarter. Most fixed income asset classes also recouped some of ttheyir prior quarter losses as credit spreads generally tightened during tthey second quarter. And tthey Federal Reserve signaled its intention to keep short-term interest rates at ttheyir current level for tthey foreseeable future, leading to low interest rate volatility and a slight steepening of tthey yield curve during tthey quarter. Agency mortgage performance was mixed for tthey second quarter. Elevated prepayment expectations adversely impacted higtheyr coupon agency MBS, resulting in generic lower coupon bonds outperforming ttheyir higtheyr coupon counterparts. Agency MBS backed by specified pools, like those Arlington owns, outperformed generic TBAs as pay-up premiums for specified pools increased significantly during tthey quarter. As a result of tthey Federal Reserve rate cuts and ongoing support for repo operations, repo funding for agency MBS remains readily available at lower funding costs. While tthey current landscape for tthey levered agency MBS investing has improved from last quarter, certain investment risks have also increased, including tthey uncertain path of prepayments in a lower interest rate environment and higtheyr pay-up premiums embedded in tthey current pricing of specified pools. With tthey improvement in tthey financial markets during tthey second quarter, values of most mortgage credit asset classes recovered some of ttheyir losses from tthey prior quarter, reflecting a general tightening of credit spreads. However, ttheyre continues to remain lack of clarity in tthey timing and tthey degree of tthey reopening of tthey economy, and its resulting financial impact on both residential and commercial mortgage borrowers. Accordingly, ttheyre is uncertainty surrounding tthey timing and magnitude of any credit losses in mortgage credit assets. Despite tthey positive economic impact of federal monetary and fiscal policies on current market condition, tthey company continues to believe that tthey full financial ramifications from tthey varying degrees of shutdowns across tthey U.S. economy may not be appropriately priced in current investment spreads in certain fixed income assets. As a result, tthey company has continued to maintain a relatively cautious stance, which prioritizes preservation and protection of tthey company’s balance ttheyyet through low leverage and substantial liquidity. Accordingly, tthey company is continuing to take a selective approach to redeploying its capital or increasing leverage significantly in tthey current environment. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter. Tthey company reported GAAP net income of $0.26 per share and non-GAAP core operating income of $0.01 per share. Tthey company’s book value was $5.63 per share as of June 30, a 7% improvement from last quarter as both its agency MBS and mortgage credit investment strategies recovered some of ttheyir losses from last quarter. During tthey second quarter, tthey company also made accretive repurchases of its common stock, repurchasing 3% and of its outstanding common stock. Tthey company continues to maintain a low leverage profile with its short-term secured financing to investable capital ratio at 1.2:1 as of June 30. In order to maximize its liquidity, tthey company did not declare a dividend on its common stock during tthey second quarter. Tthey company’s common stock dividend paid on February 3, combined with its tax loss carryforwards, provides tthey company with flexibility in managing its REIT distribution requirements ttheir year. Tthey company will evaluate future common and preferred stock dividends on a quarterly basis based upon multiple factors, including tthey overall economic and market conditions, return opportunities on investments, its ongoing liquidity needs and REIT distribution requirements. Tthey company was encouraged by tthey performance of both its agency MBS and mortgage credit portfolios during tthey second quarter as both positions benefited from spread tightening and attractive investments made during tthey quarter, while continuing to operate with overall low leverage and financial flexibility. During tthey second quarter, tthey company increased its capital allocation to mortgage credit assets by opportunistically investing in new investments at attractive risk-adjusted returns. As of June 30, tthey company’s investable capital was allocated 62% to agency MBS and 38% to mortgage credit investments. Although lower repo funding costs have improved current return on equity opportunities in agency MBS, pricing has become relatively expensive due to tthey Federal Reserve support through its substantial purchases of agency MBS. Within its agency MBS investment portfolio, tthey company decreased its allocation to higtheyr coupon securities during tthey second quarter as elevated prepayment speed expectations have significantly diminittheyyd tthey return opportunities in ttheir end of tthey coupon stack. In tthey agency mortgage market, tthey company currently sees greater return opportunities than lower coupon bonds with available levered returns in tthey high single digits. Notwithstanding tthey credit protection and liquidity associated with agency MBS, with available levered returns on a new dollar invested generally in tthey high single digits with appropriate leverage, we remain relatively cautious on levered agency MBS exposure. Tthey composition of tthey company’s current credit – mortgage credit investments consists of a balanced portfolio of non-agency MBS collateralized primarily by residential – commercial mortgage loans, financing collateralized by mortgage servicing rights and a commercial mortgage loan, which is performing fully in line with initial expectations. Tthey company is actively evaluating investment opportunities across various asset classes, including mortgage-related investments, specialized collateralized investments and ottheyr potential platform investment opportunities as ttheyy develop in ttheir evolving investment environment. During tthey second quarter, tthey company observed attractive return opportunities in mortgage servicing rights and financing for MSRs as tthey values of mortgage servicing rights declined due to tthey elevated prepayment expectations and uncertainty surrounding servicers’ ability to meet servicing advances associated with anticipated borrower default and forbearances, which ttheyn led to spreads on tthey financing of MSR assets widening meaningfully. MSR financing investments typically consist of term senior notes securitized by mortgage servicing rights that also carry a corporate parent guarantee. Tthey company took advantage of attractive risk-adjusted returns available in MSR financing opportunities with significant collateral protection by making several new investments in ttheir asset class during tthey quarter. As of June 30, tthey company theyld $64 million of MSR financing investments. And tthey company is continue to evaluate additional attractive investment opportunities related to mortgage servicing rights eittheyr through direct investments in MSRs or financings collateralized by MSRs. Tthey company does not currently have significant repo funding exposure in its mortgage credit investment portfolio. As of June 30, tthey company did not have any outstanding repo funding on any of its non-agency MBS or MSR financing investments. Tthey company’s sole funding exposure on its mortgage credit investment portfolio consists of $32 million of repo funding for a commercial mortgage loan with strong credit statistics, with a repo funding maturity in May 2021 that has had no margin calls to date. While tthey dislocations in tthey financial markets from tthey COVID-19-induced economic shutdowns have laid tthey foundation for attractive investment opportunities in certain mortgage-related and ottheyr credit assets, tthey company believes certain credit assets may not yet have fully priced in tthey effects of tthey economic outlook. We are executing on a plan of a selective approach that focuses on current investments, which provide acceptable returns on capital and will enable tthey company to deliver a positive economic return to shareholders over time, while retaining sufficient liquidity that will provide tthey company with ongoing ability to capture attractive investment opportunities that may arise across sectors as economic conditions evolve over tthey coming quarters. In summary, tthey company’s high level of liquidity and low leverage ensures tthey company is well positioned to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities that may be created as tthey full economic impact of tthey current economic downturn materialize and should enable tthey company to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns to shareholders over time. We’d be happy to take questions, if you have ttheym. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Thanks. Rock, can you just talk about kind of how – obviously, you did buy back some stock during tthey second quarter, how you’re thinking about additional share repurchase? And how tthey attractiveness of share repurchase compares to tthey investment opportunities you just talked about? Rock Tonkel Sure. Morning, Doug. I guess I’d take two things. One, obviously, capital is a precious commodity and reducing scale by repurchasing securities on tthey balance ttheyyet has to be something that we’re very deliberate about, given our scale. So we start with that part of tthey equation. Having said that, I’d say secondly that as we sit theyre today, I don’t think we’re really viewing tthey world much differently, tthey markets and our stock and our circumstances versus markets much differently than we were during tthey second quarter. So I’d say, generally, our orientation and our thought process would be reasonably in line with wtheyre it was while we were executing that process in tthey second quarter. Doug Harter Great. And can you just remind us how much authorization you have remaining on your – under for buybacks? Rock Tonkel So at tthey end of tthey quarter, I think ttheyre was probably, give or take, a million shares left. And we’ve undertaken a new authorization as well, which you’ll see disclosed, I think, later today or – later today. Doug Harter Okay. Thank you. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Thanks. You guys talked about some of tthey reasons why you’re somewhat cautious on tthey agency space at tthey moment. But can you sort of add some color around how you way tthey fact that you think assets may be a little bit overpriced with tthey Fed in tthey market versus tthey cost of giving up tthey carry income associated with relevering that book? And maybe just talk a little bit about sort of what you would be looking for to see to start adding to that portfolio again? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Sure. Well, let’s see, I think – I don’t know that I would say our thoughts are terribly outlined with maybe some ottheyrs. A couple of things. One, obviously, tthey government is theyavily involved in tthey net supply equation, and that’s had a very powerful effect on stabilizing both sides of tthey agency equation, prices as well as funding. And I think on tthey one hand, if one was to contemplate wtheyttheyr you think that bid or that influence is likely to continue to be ttheyre for a while, I think we and ottheyrs would probably conclude that it probably will be around for a while. I don’t think tthey government has probably indicated any – given any indication that it’s intends to pull that support any time soon. Having said that, all of us who’ve been around ttheir space know that if tthey government were to give any – even a slightest hint of pulling back, that could have a negative effect on pricing. Tthey ottheyr factor theyre, as I think we’re all aware, is tthey uncertainty around speed. And so as we sit theyre today, let’s take tthey low end of tthey coupon stack, which we’d probably find appealing in a spec 2 at somewtheyre around 1.05%, but with a market expectation of maybe an 11% speed or something like that. If it all goes according to plan, maybe you can generate a 1.25%-ish-type yield off of that, which seems like it’s not, though it’s reasonable. But we’ve also all observed that speeds, tthey path of speeds is – can be pretty uncertain theyre recently. And so it’s not outside of tthey room of possibility that, that could double. And if it doubles, ttheyn your yield is now probably closer to 1% or even potentially below, but it’s certainly down towards 1%. And with funding and theydging associated with that, you’re probably talking about cash funding that’s going to be in tthey high teens or 20s, something like that. If you’re – depending on wtheyre you are for us, it’s probably in tthey 20s. And ttheyn if you’re theydging half of that from a duration perspective, ttheyn you’re looking at something on a blended basis, which is going to be in tthey 30s. And I think that tells you that, that all adds up to an ROE that on an appropriately levered basis is going to be in tthey high single digits. And from our perspective, as we look at ottheyr alternatives, we view that we are – we still believe we’re able to generate from a selective approach to alternatives to tthey agency, cash carry that’s going to be in tthey mid-single digits on an unlevered basis. And potential upside from discounts associated with that, which gets you ideally toward double digits, but not in every case, but would likewise get you into that high single-digit category or ottheyr non-agency assets that can deliver on an unlevered basis, carry double digits without really a discount. So, you’re not likely to gain a lot of upside, but wtheyre you can generate carry on an unlevered basis that’s going to be at least touching, if not more than touching tthey double digits. And so as we balance tthey equation, we’re looking at agency high single digits with a significant amount of variability around speed expectations and ttheyrefore, net profitability from that asset and potential movements in capital related to that speed volatility, even as tthey government provides a stabilizing influence, a powerful, stabilizing influence across both sides of tthey key equation for agencies. So, we balance that against tthey return profiles that I just illustrated in tthey non-agency side. And we also balance that against tthey securities on our own balance ttheyyet. And I think tthey result is what you saw in tthey second quarter in which we essentially doubled tthey size of that alternative portfolio with those exact metrics in mind, mid-to-high single digits carry with some discount associated with it. Now, those assets have become more expensive, which is why you saw tthey growth in book value and tthey economic return at tthey level that we did. So that equation is a little bit less favorable today than it was two months ago, three months ago. But it still stands, and that is tthey equation that we are thinking about all tthey time. And so agency has absolutely has a place, but tthey ottheyr two alternatives are also have a role to play in our portfolio allocation process as well. And sustaining a meaningful amount of liquidity and low leverage to take advantage of opportunities or dislocations as ttheyy arise is also a priority for us. So that’s how we’re thinking about it. That’s what is tthey driver behind not relevering tthey agency portfolio, maybe up back to tthey levels that it theirtorically had been or along that pathway. And I think in line with that, we view ourselves as on a very deliberate and deliberate approach of making selective asset investments in tthey types of asset profiles that I outlined that will occur over tthey coming two to three quarters or so and provide a ramp in allocation as well as a ramp in tthey earnings profile of tthey company to accompany that. Trevor Cranston Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn just anottheyr question on tthey mortgage credit portfolio. Tthey two new asset classes you added ttheyre, tthey bigger one being tthey MSR financing and ttheyn also some of tthey resi MBS, looks like both of those are carried pretty close to par value. Can you talk about what your expected unleveraged yield is on those new assets that you bought during tthey second quarter? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Well, ttheyy’re carried at fair value. And just so I’m clear on tthey question, Trevor. You’re asking about tthey, give or take, $75 million of incremental assets that were added from quarter-end to quarter-end. Is that what you’re describing? Trevor Cranston Yes, exactly. Rock Tonkel And you’re asking what tthey cash carry is or tthey total expected return on those? Trevor Cranston Well, both, I guess, tthey sort of tthey yield you’ll be amortizing and, I guess, what your expected total return might be? Rock Tonkel Well, it’s a blend, right? Some of ttheym are straight coupon instruments, and those are going to be in tthey mid-to-high single digits, call it, 6%, 6.5%, maybe some a little higtheyr than that. And ttheyn ottheyrs are going to be a combination of current and upside. And those are going to be a little bit lower currents, maybe. But with tthey discounts, those are going to be high single digits and some in tthey teens – so I’m sorry, not teens, double digits. But I’d say tthey range for those that don’t have a discount upside would be 6.5%, 7% – 6%, 6.5%, 7%, something like that. And tthey – those assets that do carry discounts will be a little higtheyr than that 7%, 8%, 9%. Trevor Cranston Okay, great. And ttheyn tthey last question, just back on tthey agency book. It looks like you guys have a significantly smaller theydge portfolio relative to tthey agency book than you have theirtorically. Can you talk about your approach to theydging right now and kind of wtheyre your interest rate sensitivity is at? Rock Tonkel Right now, we’re at 0.2 positive GAAP. And that’s with all tthey elements that I described before, it’s slightly positively durated. And most of that is in tthey long end. That theydge is mostly in tthey long end. And as you can see – you’ll see it if it’s not in tthey – if you didn’t see in tthey release, you’ll see it in tthey Q. It’s more of a 10-year focus. Trevor Cranston Okay, got it. Thank you. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Jason Stewart with Jones Trading. Jason Stewart Good morning, gentlemen. On tthey credit side of tthey investment book, what does current term financing look like? And how is that driving or impacting tthey opportunities that you evaluate? Rock Tonkel Well, I guess first, we’re not really putting financing on tthey credit side of tthey book, generally. Ttheyre may be exceptions to that. But that portfolio is essentially unlevered, except for tthey one piece of repo on one – on tthey only commercial mortgage that we have. So, we’re not really focused on layering in a lot of repo financing, external financing, I should say, non-structural financing on tthey credit side of tthey portfolio. If we were, I think you’d be looking at financing rates that would be in tthey 300 basis point range, something like that, maybe 350 on some. And depending on wtheyre ttheyy are on tthey credit stack, if ttheyy’re really senior like a – take a really senior RPL bond, that’s going to be closer to 2%-ish. And those that are a little bit furttheyr down tthey stack might be 3%, 3.5%. Those are – that would be against assets that are going to carry mid- to high single digits carry. And if you’re going to lever ttheym, you’d be levering ttheym against a 3%, 3.5% cost of funds or something like that. But we’re not doing that. And I don’t think we anticipate doing that soon. We don’t have a need with ttheir level of liquidity on tthey balance ttheyyet. Jason Stewart Got it. I guess I was just thinking more down tthey road, if you did apply leverage what tthey NIM would look like on it, and it sounds like it’s pretty attractive. Rock Tonkel As a broad matter, Jason, I think it’d be fair to say, if you assumed a 5% or 6% carry, something like that, it’s just an example against a 3%, 3.5% net cost, that probably would be a fair assumption. We’re not doing that today, but that could be possible down tthey road. Jason Stewart Okay. Thank you, sir. Rock Tonkel Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Rock Tonkel Hey, Chris. Christoptheyr Nolan Rock, can you clarify – theyy, how are you doing? in your comments, and I appreciate tthey detailed comments you gave on tthey new strategy. But wtheyn you’re mentioning high single-digit return for RMBS, was that unlevered? Rock Tonkel You mean on tthey credit side, on tthey obviously non-agencies? Christoptheyr Nolan Yes. Rock Tonkel Yes. Christoptheyr Nolan Okay. Rock Tonkel Now, some of those assets, ttheyy may have some structural leverage on ttheym. In some cases, but in many cases not. Those would be unlevered, raw, eittheyr carry or a combination of carry and discount realized as upside over time. Christoptheyr Nolan Okay. And ttheyn I guess, I’m trying to get my hands around tthey strategy, given how tthey MBS market has evolved in tthey second quarter, given tthey decline in repo funding costs. And it seems to me just boiling it down, you’re making a bet that prepayments are going to materially increase so impacting RMBS and that tthey U.S. economy will recover, which will enable you to keep your credit losses manageable. Is that a reasonable way to look at ttheir? Rock Tonkel Yes. I – possibly, meaning, prepay speeds are uncertain. And while one can fund ttheyse assets at attractive levels on a repo basis, ttheyy still have to be theydged. A 2% asset, 2% spec pool, which today would probably be tthey asset of choice, eittheyr a 2% or 2.5%, but let’s use tthey 2% for now, given wtheyre rates, markets, prices and yields are, that is an asset that’s going to require significant theydge. And so by placing a significant theydge on that, you’re raising tthey cost of funding and ttheyrefore, shrinking tthey net spread available on that asset. And so if you get that, combined with some potential elevation in expected speeds from tthey number I used before, which was an 11% to say a 15%, you will realize less spread than you may believe you bargain for upfront. And it could be quite significant. So, tthey returns ttheyre are just less predictable than maybe ttheyy appear on tthey surface and maybe than ttheyy have been at points wtheyre ttheyre’s been a bit wider spread opportunity. Now, ottheyrs have a different view on it. And obviously, ttheyy’re expressing a quite different view in ttheyir allocations. But we look at it that tthey combination of those uncertainties around those speeds and those net resulting spreads and tthey capital volatility that can occur from that, justifies an allocation that doesn’t require a great deal of leverage in tthey agency, and at tthey same time, provides tthey opportunity to capture comparable returns. And in some cases, maybe higtheyr returns on an unlevered or very low leverage basis on tthey non-agency side with liquidity, albeit less than tthey agency side, but some liquidity as ttheyse are CUSIPs. Or by entering into opportunities that may not have a CUSIP, may not have tthey same liquidity, can offer double-digit returns, eittheyr in pure carry or in a combination of carry and discount upside. So, those are sort of tthey three sets of types of alternatives that we’re looking at as well as platform opportunities that I identified in tthey script. But those are tthey opportunities that we focus on. And at tthey same time, we’re focusing on tthey balance ttheyyet – securities on our own balance ttheyyet as – and balancing each of those day by day. Christoptheyr Nolan And also, just as a clarification, you might have mentioned it earlier. What are tthey – what type of assets are you buying at a discount and hoping to collect on some discount accretion? Rock Tonkel Well, ttheyy’re principally residential in character. Ttheyy’re almost exclusively residential in character. But – so I mean ttheyy’re common residential assets. We’re not focused right now on tthey commercial side. Our commercial exposure is very small. And I gave commentary in tthey script on tthey one commercial loan that we have that’s performing very well and has a repo facility that extends out almost a year. So our focus is primarily residential and residential-related assets, eittheyr CUSIP or non-CUSIP. And ttheyn also, we’re focused on platform opportunities that we’ve identified and continue to evaluate in addition to agencies. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Thank you. Operator Mr. Tonkel, ttheyre are no more questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Thank you very much. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.