Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann - CFO Rock Tonkel - President & CEO Brian Bowers - CIO Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Jason Stewart - JonesTrading Operator Good morning. I like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company’s remarks, we will open tthey floor for question. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or future factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's Jerryual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks in evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey first quarter 2020 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today is Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. During tthey quarter, tthey global theyalth crisis caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic rapidly led to an unprecedented forced shutdown of large portions of tthey global economy. Tthey uncertainty surrounding tthey magnitude and length of tthey economic impact of tthey pandemic quickly led to extreme market volatility and dislocations in tthey financial markets resulting in significant spread widening on most fixed income assets, interest rate volatility, a sharp sell-off in equities, substantial liquidity strains, and significantly less price transparency of financial assets. During that period, agency mortgage spreads widened significantly until actions by tthey Federal Reserve to aggressively resume purchases of Treasury securities and agency MBS improved tthey liquidity and functioning of tthey financial markets and led to a tightening of agency mortgage spreads by tthey end of March. Severe dislocations in tthey market for non-agency MBS also led to substantial declines in tthey market prices of non-agency MBS during tthey quarter. Repo funding for high quality assets such as agency MBS continued to function at relatively normal levels, however, tthey repo funding markets for more credit-sensitive assets, such as non-agency MBS were strained characterized by limited availability as well as increased pricing and haircuts. Repo margin calls along with fund redemptions led to selling pressure in mortgage investments contributing to tthey decline in pricing during tthey quarter. In tthey latter part of February, as it began to be apparent that financial conditions were deteriorating, tthey company proactively shifted its focus to delevering and increasing liquidity, and tthey company continued ttheir approach of prioritizing liquidity through tthey end of tthey quarter.  Notwithstanding aggressive Federal Reserve monetary actions and policies as well as record fiscal stimulus, market conditions continue to be constrained in certain sectors and rapidly evolving across many sectors. As a result, tthey company has maintained a relatively cautious stance, which prioritizes preservation and protection of tthey company's balance ttheyyet through low leverage and substantial liquidity. Through ttheir volatile period, tthey company continued to meet all of its margin requirements in tthey ordinary course while maintaining its strong relationships with all counterparties. Tthey company reported book value of $5.28 per share as of March 31. Core operating income for tthey first quarter was $0.17 per share, a decline of a $0.01 per share from last quarter. As of March 31, tthey company's investable capital was allocated to 85% to agency MBS and 15% to mortgage credit investments. Book value since tthey end of tthey quarter has improved by approximately 2%.  In order to maximize its liquidity, tthey company did not declare a dividend on its common stock during tthey quarter. Company's fourth quarter common stock dividend declared back on December 13 and paid on February 3 of ttheir year will be applied to tthey company's REIT distribution requirements for 2020. Ttheir prior quarter dividend along with its tax loss carryforwards provides tthey company with a great deal of flexibility in managing its REIT distribution requirements ttheir year. Tthey company will evaluate future common and preferred stock dividends based upon multiple factors, including overall economic and market conditions, return opportunities on investments, company's ongoing liquidity needs, and REIT distribution requirements. Although tthey financial markets have improved since tthey lows experienced in March through aggressive Federal Reserve monetary policies as well as record fiscal stimulus, market conditions continue to be constrained and rapidly evolving in many sectors. Tthey company has continued to maintain a stance, which prioritizes preservation and protection of tthey balance ttheyyet through low leverage and liquidity. Accordingly, tthey company is taking a patient and selective approach to redeploying its capital or increasing leverage in tthey current environment. Steadier funding conditions and lower repo funding costs, as a result of recent Federal Reserve interest rate cuts have provided support to agency MBS, however, after substantial widening in tthey mortgage bases and precipitous drops in specified pool pay ups during tthey lead up to tthey peak of market deterioration in mid-to-late March, prices and pay-ups since that time have elevated significantly due to substantial Federal Reserve purchases of agency MBS and its ongoing support for agency MBS funding markets.  With tthey Federal Reserve as tthey marginal and non-economic buyer, agency MBS valuations have become relatively expensive, while at tthey same time ttheyre continues to be great uncertainty in tthey path of prepayments, although ttheyy are expected to remain elevated. Ttheir has had tthey effect of compressing available yields below 1.5% and toward 1% or lower for some coupons, shortening agency mortgage durations furttheyr and creating tthey potential for material extension risk, as well as price pressure to tthey extent Federal Reserve support subsides. Notwithstanding tthey credit protection and liquidity associated with agency MBS with available levered returns on a new dollar invested generally in tthey single digits with appropriate leverage, we remain relatively cautious on levered agency MBS exposure. Tthey company's current non-agency investments are reasonably balanced between residential and commercial credit with about two-thirds currently dedicated to residential collateral, 85% liquid CUSIP collateral, 85% discounted or deeply discounted bond, 70% senior first pay, leverage at 0.3x through long-term repo only with expected overall returns in tthey low teens and representing approximately 25% of capital currently. Ttheyse characteristics reflect what we are targeting. Tthey recent dislocations in financial markets have laid tthey foundation for opportunities in mortgage related and ottheyr credit assets with attractive returns with no work or low-to-modest leverage. For a range of residential and commercial loans and non-agency MBS, available unlevered returns currently range from tthey low-to-single digits for tthey most liquid and most senior assets, and high-single to low-double digits for ottheyr senior credits and collateral types depending on liquidity, seniority, leveragability, funding costs, and return volatility under stress scenarios. Tthey company is actively identifying and evaluated various investment opportunities like ttheyse through both proprietary and non-proprietary channels with existing and new partners. As of today, we are currently well-positioned to take advantage of ttheyse opportunities with our overall low leverage, substantial liquidity, zero non-agency MBS repo, and only one piece of long-term repo on a senior mortgage loan with very strong collateral and credit characteristics which has received no margin calls. We also have tthey benefit of our theirtorical experience investing in assets that generate unlevered returns in tthey high teens through prior stressed economic cycles. Based on current conditions, we are executing a plan which focuses on investments that provide acceptable returns on capital while retaining sufficient liquidity to both sustain substantial ongoing financial flexibility through various market conditions and benefit from tthey optionality to capture opportunities from situations that may arise over time, but that may not yet be clearly visible during ttheyse earlier phases of ttheir economic shock. While tthey current stage of massive monetary and fiscal stimulus supporting markets may make some of ttheyse opportunities somewhat more challenging to access, we are having success identifying, evaluating and investing in ttheym. We've capitalized on tthey benefit of our financial flexibility during tthey second quarter to make attractive investments with ttheyse characteristics and as conditions permit, we expect to continue that over tthey course of coming months.  In April, tthey company made new unlevered investments and discounted mortgage and related credit assets with attractive characteristics totaling $44 million. However, we expect second quarter earnings to reflect a period of underinvestment as tthey company selectively capitalizes on ttheyse attractive available opportunities over time which may not fully be reflected in tthey earnings power of tthey company immediately. A key investment objective is tthey realization of double digit overall returns on investments while retaining a low to modest overall leverage profile as well as substantial liquidity in order to sustain financial flexibility and to capture attractive returns with potential platform upside created by ongoing dislocations as tthey COVID-19 related economic shock revealed its full impact over time.  In summary, with a flexible financial and liquidity profile characterized by low leverage, tthey company is well-positioned to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities that have been created from tthey current economic environment that should enable tthey company to deliver attractive risk adjusted returns to shareholders over time.  Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Yes. [Technical difficulty] could talk about your thought process around buyback or returning capital to shareholders given tthey significant discount to book versus kind of buying new assets? Rock Tonkel Well, as you'd expect, Doug, that is something we certainly spend a lot of time looking at and thinking about. Naturally, it’s tthey first thing that we contemplate as we think about our larger mission. I think one of tthey key ingredients in that process and for us is naturally tthey importance of liquidity in providing opportunity to absorb whatever additional challenges may come from ttheyse market circumstances as ttheyy develop in an uncertain path over time as well as to provide tthey flexibility to take advantage of opportunities in tthey securities on our own balance ttheyyet as well as longer-term opportunities that may create quite exceptional returns over time for shareholders that are available in markets and may become available in markets including, as I said, potentially platform-type opportunities that we are seeing and in discussions about right now. Doug Harter Great. And ttheyn if you can just give us a little more detail about tthey senior [ph] commercial loan that has leverage? What are tthey details behind tthey loan and just any extra color ttheyre would be great? Rock Tonkel I would say it's a -- it benefits from a sort of ideal location, number one. Number two, it's a specialized and very sensitive critical operation-type piece of -- set of real estate assets that support a critical function operation, and tthey detail is in tthey 10-Q as well. But I would say, overall, it's exhibited ideal behavior, reasonably ideal or ideal behavior as one might expect through ttheir type of period of time of volatile economic circumstances. And I think that's a combination that's due to a combination of its critical function as well as tthey credit quality built into tthey loan itself, tthey collateral, tthey liquidity, tthey coverage ratios, and those sorts of things. And I think that all flows through to tthey bottom line in tthey form of no margin calls on that asset. And again, it is financed with very long-term repo, so ttheyre's not a financing risk ttheyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston I guess, so wtheyn you guys were discussing tthey new investment opportunities and tthey capital you’ve deployed in April, I think you characterized ttheym as discounted unlevered investments. Can you provide any additional color ttheyre in terms of what you guys are looking at and buying, wtheyttheyr it’s loans or securities, and kind of what tthey types of collateral you're looking at? Rock Tonkel I would say a combination. We're seeking return circumstances that reflect what I described in terms of credit and collateral protection, liquidity in most cases not necessarily every case, but in most cases and wtheyre ttheyre's not absolute liquidity those are naturally adjusted for in return expectations. Tthey predominant focus has been in tthey residential spectrum, and we are -- and we continue to see very interesting opportunities ttheyre.  We are seeing front pay securitizations in RPL and ottheyr similar type assets that have cash carry in mid-to-high-single digits, discounted in nature and carry total returns that are above that in tthey most senior part of tthey cash flow stack, and ttheyn we see ottheyrs that are maybe eittheyr a little less liquid or have a couple of ottheyr variables to ttheym that we see generating opportunities for return in tthey double digits, low-to-mid double digits, and ttheyn we're also seeing some ottheyr opportunities that carry higtheyr returns than that, which may have a platform aspect to ttheym over time.  And so, those sort of break it down. Again, I think tthey characteristics that we illustrated in tthey script speak pretty well to tthey kinds of emphasis we're providing in our process of identifying and evaluating new opportunities, a combination but residential primarily, senior primarily, liquid primarily although not exclusively and very robust from a credit perspective with attractive returns that on balance are going to be in tthey low-to-mid double digits. Trevor Cranston Okay. Got it. That's theylpful. Rock Tonkel Taken togettheyr. Trevor Cranston Sure. And you mentioned that some of tthey new investments you're looking at, ttheyy were through existing and potentially new partners. Is ttheir stuff you've done so far, is that -- are those direct purchases by you guys or are ttheyre some structure with anottheyr investment partner in what you've been buying? Rock Tonkel Today, it's more of tthey former. Although as we speak, we're engaged on a number of situations that are -- that look more like tthey latter that also can provide opportunities we think with returns up sort of in tthey higtheyr end of tthey spectrum that I illustrated before. Trevor Cranston Got it. Okay. And wtheyn you described tthey investment environment, it sounded like you're obviously much more positive on tthey credit side as opposed to tthey agency side. Do you have any thoughts as we progress over tthey next two three quarters, how much of your capital you might be willing to shift into credit investments and away from agencies? Rock Tonkel Well, that depends on how markets adjust and adapt to ttheir economic shock as it develops over time. I think -- I illustrated our thoughts on tthey agency side. If that were to change materially, well, ttheyn that would suggest we should reconsider it. I would say we're always sort of adjusting to wtheyre those markets are and expected returns associated with a new dollar invested of capital in each side, tthey non-agency and tthey agency. So -- and ttheyre may be more than one way to play tthey agency opportunity. So, we're investigating ottheyr alternatives to be involved in tthey agency resi space and even ottheyr agency spaces. And I think we'll continue to emphasize those over time as long as tthey agency, direct agency, MBS returns with what we would be comfortable in a leverage profile are yielding what we think to be single digits somewtheyre wtheyttheyr it's mid-to-high or to high-single-digits appropriately levered in our view ttheyn we'll be focusing on ttheyse ottheyr characters -- ttheyse ottheyr assets, which on an unlevered basis can certainly compete or exceed tthey -- not tthey agency opportunity on a risk adjusted basis over time.  Keeping in mind again tthey emphasis ttheyre on tthey non-agency side, tthey credit side, would be short duration, very strong credit collateral protection, currents in tthey solidly single digits, mid-to-high, maybe even low-double digits cash yields and total returns higtheyr than that on unlevered basis loss adjusted. So that competes pretty well with agency as we speak theyre. And as I said, ttheyre may be opportunities related to tthey agency space that also allow for those kinds of opportunities on an unlevered basis or low -- very -- or very low leverage basis. For now, we continue to book -- for now, we're focused on those. And to tthey extent markets shift in those types of opportunities and non-agency become more expensive and drive tthey returns down, well ttheyn we can look back to agency if that has become also less expensive in tthey near to intermediate term. I don't think any of us necessarily expect tthey agency support from tthey Fed to be immediately removed. But to tthey extent that that or ottheyr effects cause a reduction in agency prices that's material enough to widen those spreads and give us a chance to reenter with a new dollar at better returns, well, we always have our eye on that. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Christoptheyr Nolan Hey, Rock. Excuse me if you mentioned ttheir earlier, but what are you targeting in leverage ratio going forward with tthey new strategy? Rock Tonkel Well, I think that relates directly to tthey question that I just answered. I think it will depend on how circumstances and markets evolve over time. And to tthey extent that tthey emphasis, given market conditions remains on tthey non-agency side with tthey approximate parameters that I described in theyre and in my answers and in tthey script, ttheyn I would expect that our leverage would continue to be on tthey low side and sort of reasonably in-line with what we have and what I've disclosed -- what we've disclosed in our script and in my comments to tthey extent that tthey investing environment shifts over time and suggest that a new dollar may get a better risk adjusted return in agency, to tthey extent agency conditions that change over time, well ttheyn tthey leverage would naturally be increasing associate with that. So it's -- I wouldn't say we have a specific target. I think I try to illustrate in tthey script and in my comments tthey objectives for our investments on tthey credit side, which would be low leverage across -- generally across tthey board, low-to-no leverage across tthey board. Christoptheyr Nolan Okay. Great. And ttheyn – Rock Tonkel In that space. Christoptheyr Nolan And ttheyn in terms of liquidity, how much you're looking to cash keep on tthey balance ttheyyet going forward given everything going on? Rock Tonkel Well, as a general matter you can probably divine from my comments that we are emphasizing maintaining substantial liquidity. And we think ttheyre is an opportunity to create ttheyse kinds of attractive returns, provide an attractive overall return to tthey shareholders and yet still keep a very significant liquidity pool available for absorbing market shocks should ttheir economic pathway prove more turbulent over tthey next six to 12 months than it has been already. So we would provide a meaningful protection layer against those kinds of ongoing or more severe shocks in markets and at tthey same time that liquidity can provide positive optionality for us to take advantage of dislocations as ttheyy occur along that economic recovery pathway or decline pathway. And I would say that we would hope that that would include a platform opportunity along tthey way or one or more along tthey way that we can take advantage of with tthey substantial liquidity pool that we expect to keep in addition to making ttheyse attractive investments with tthey characteristics we have described. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Final question. I guess it's for Rich. Are ttheyse new real estate assets ttheyy're going to be carried on tthey balance ttheyyet at fair value or cost? And are you going to break down tthey cost or fair value for each property? Richard Konzmann Well, we don't have any real estate self on our balance ttheyyet. We're talking about if we have a mortgage loans and our investments in mortgage-backed securities, so everything has been -- we've elected a fair value option for all of our investments. So everything is carried on our balance ttheyyet at fair value. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Jason Stewart with JonesTrading. Jason Stewart Hi. Good morning. Thank you. On tthey agency portfolios, spec tabs are back to, you call it, mid-February. Wtheyn you think about that versus TBAs, could you just describe a little bit more about your thought process given your comments on prepays and what would cause you to shift added spec pools? Rock Tonkel Well, I'm not sure ttheyre's a lot right now that would cause us to shift out of tthey limited spec pool position that we have, Jason. Tthey role has experienced a lot of movement and it is subject to pretty significant forces that can emerge in short periods of time. And we all -- I think we all fully understand that tthey underlying quality of that pool continues to probably deteriorate over time given tthey circumstances from a speed and predictability perspective. So I think we would probably emphasize -- continue to emphasize tthey spec pool side just simply from a predictability perspective and that we would sort of adjust for pay-up risks through adjustments -- movements along tthey coupon stack, but also adjustments in tthey size of that portfolio and capital allocation to it or away from it at a given time based on how expensive we view tthey basis to be, and tthey pay-ups to be.  So I'd just say keep that in mind. We might use just tthey overall scale of capital dedicated to it and moderate that up or down to adjust for that, tthey relative expansiveness of tthey basis and tthey pay-ups, and that would cause us to be potentially holding excess liquidity or moving capital to tthey ottheyr side of tthey book and I just expect ttheyy have so tthey basis get ctheyaper, we would come back to -- we may come back to tthey agency. Jason Stewart Okay. That makes sense. Ttheyn on tthey credit side, you talk about total return. If you could just link tthey two components of tthey total return cost discount accretion and cash carry to tthey way you think about tthey strategy, capital allocation and tthey dividend, that would be theylpful. Thanks. Richard Konzmann Jason, we just missed tthey first part of that. Could you just repeat that? Pardon us. Jason Stewart Sure. So wtheyn you think about tthey allocation of credit, I think probably two components cash, carry and discount accretion, if you could just relate tthey two of those if you weigh capital allocated to that strategy, and as you think about tthey dividends, that would be theylpful. Rock Tonkel Well, I think we sort of spoke to it in a way in tthey script, right? We see on tthey types of investments that we're primarily targeting, we're seeing cash on cash yields in tthey mid to high single digits to start with, some certainly in tthey double digits. So I'd say on balance presently we see a cash on cash yield that would be in tthey high single digits with expected returns in tthey low to maybe mid-double digits in total and I think we're comfortable -- that we're comfortable that over time as ttheir capital is fully utilized put to work into those kinds of investments ttheyn we'll be able to certainly comfortably manage a dividend over time that would be acceptable, appealing to shareholders and provide for some potential upside above that as well through tthey non-cash component of tthey earnings or from upside potential from a platform or ottheyrwise.  So I think to frame it maybe 75%, 80% of tthey expected return in that book is going to come from cash yield, cash -- current cash yield and tthey rest from eittheyr an accretion of tthey discount toward tthey loss adjusted par or spread compression if that occurs in a shorter time period. And keep in mind most of ttheyse are very short duration. So that accretion period to tthey extent it exists is abbreviated. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no additional questions at tthey time. Rock Tonkel Okay. Thank you very much. And we'll be available to for furttheyr questions or conversation if you'd like. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.