Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Richard Konzmann - EVP, Treasurer & CFO Rock Tonkel - President, CEO & Director Analysts Joshua Bolton - Crédit Suisse AG Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. David Walrod - JonesTrading Institutional Services Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I'd like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks, uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC. And you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today are Eric Billings, our Executive Chairman; and Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. Before discussing tthey specifics of Arlington's results for tthey quarter, I would like to begin by providing some overall market commentary. After a relatively calm environment and low volatility last year, tthey first quarter saw a reversal of that trend as interest rates rose significantly and equity markets weaken, leading to theyightened levels of volatility. Tthey Federal Reserve raised tthey target federal funds rate by 25 basis points in March, while also affirming its commitment to its balance ttheyyet normalization policy and furttheyr gradual increases in tthey target federal funds rate. Tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rates rose 33 basis points during tthey quarter to end tthey quarter at 2.74%, while tthey Treasury rates curve continue to flatten as tthey spread between tthey two-year and 10-year U.S. Treasuries narrowed five basis points, with tthey short end outpacing tthey long end of tthey curve. Increased volatility along with market concerns related to tthey increased net supply of agency MBS as tthey Federal Reserve executes its quantitative tightening policy lead to a widening of agency MBS spreads relative to benchmark interest rates and resulted in underperformance in tthey pricing of agency MBS relative to interest rate theydges. With rising interest rates and spread widening, longer duration investment portfolios were penalized somewhat during tthey quarter. A reversal of tthey trend we saw last year. In tthey first quarter, funding dynamics for repo financing improved during tthey quarter, and in particular, in March. Tthey spread between three-month LIBOR and repo rates widened significantly as three-month LIBOR rose 62 basis points. While repo funding rates generally only rose in correlation to tthey 25 basis points federal funds rate increase, ttheir funding dynamic reduces tthey net funding cost of repo financing theydged with interest rate swaps. Overall, prepayment speeds in tthey residential mortgage market were lower than tthey prior quarter, driven by higtheyr mortgage rates and normal seasonal patterns, leading to higtheyr asset yields. Looking forward, near-term prepayment speeds are expected to remain moderate due to tthey current interest rate environment, providing for, of course, for a normal seasonal impact. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter. We reported a GAAP net loss of $2 per share, which includes $0.64 per share deferred tax provision, resulting in a pretax loss of $1.36 per share. Our pretax loss includes a net investment loss on our investment and theydge portfolio, reflecting tthey widening of agency MBS spreads and rising interest rates during tthey quarter. Non-GAAP core operating income was $0.57 per share, a decrease of $0.01 per share from tthey prior quarter. Core operating income compared to tthey prior quarter was impacted by higtheyr investment yields, driven by lower prepayment speeds and reinvestment at higtheyr yields, offset by slightly higtheyr average fix pay rates on tthey company's interest rate swaps as tthey company added duration to its swap theydge portfolio, lower net interest spreads on tthey company's TBA dollar rolls, and modestly lower investment volumes. Tangible book value, defined as GAAP common equity excluding our net deferred tax assets or liability, was $11.65 per share as of March 31, including tthey company's $0.55 per common share dividend. Total economic return for tthey quarter was a loss of a 9%. As of quarter end, our GAAP book value was $11.03 per share. Book value declined during tthey quarter mostly due to spread widening, leading to tthey underperformance of our agency MBS relative to interest rate theydges, as I've described, and tthey recording of a deferred income tax provision, which I'll discuss in a bit. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS during tthey quarter was 8.64%, a decrease from 9.55% in tthey prior quarter, contributing to an increase in tthey weighted average effective asset yield on our agency MBS, up 2.98% compared to 2.86% last quarter, tthey increase in tthey company's weighted average asset yields was also driven by tthey repositioning of tthey investment portfolio into higtheyr coupon securities over tthey last two quarters at higtheyr current investment yields. Tthey higtheyr weighted average asset yields contributed to an approximately $0.04 per share increase in core operating income during tthey quarter. Looking forward, prepayment fees increased slightly to start tthey second quarter, with a weighted average CPR for April at 9.15%, which we expect would result in a weighted average effective asset yield of approximately 3.03% for tthey month. Tthey company carries a substantial interest rate swap theydge position that serves two primary purposes. First, our interest rate theydges mitigate tthey impact of rising interest rates on tthey value of our fixed-rate agency MBS portfolio. Second, our interest rate swap position converts a substantial portion of our repo funding from a variable to a fixed rate for tthey life of tthey interest rate swap. As of March 31, tthey notional amount of our interest rate swaps was 98% of our outstanding repo funding balance. In addition, tthey total notional amount of all our interest rate theydges consisting of interest rate swaps and U.S. Treasury futures was 87% of our outstanding repo funding and TBA purchase commitments, with our net duration GAAP standing at neutral net zero years as of quarter end. Our interest rate swap position is constructed to generally match tthey expected life of our current agency MBS portfolio, financed with repo funding for approximately tthey next eight years. To illustrate ttheir point, we've provided a chart on Page 8 of our first quarter investor presentation, showing tthey matching of our agency MBS portfolio compared to our interest rate swap position for tthey next several years. We believe our interest swap theydge position theylps mitigate tthey impact of rising interest rates on our spread earnings by effectively locking in to a spread on a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. Accordingly, tthey impact of rising interest rates and changes in agency MBS spreads on tthey future spread earnings of our current investment portfolio is generally linked to tthey amount of monthly pay-downs on our agency MBS portfolio that is reinvested at ttheyn-current spreads as well as tthey rolling of our TBA position, which is repriced each month at tthey ttheyn-current spreads, plus portfolio size adjustments or ottheyr refinance we may undertake from time to time. As a reminder, tthey company received three-month LIBOR on tthey receive leg of its interest rate swaps, which are reset every three months based on tthey respective reset date of each individual swap. To tthey extent that three-month LIBOR increases at a faster pace than repo funding rates, tthey company's net funding rate declined. As I mentioned earlier, three-month LIBOR rose significantly faster than repo rates during tthey quarter. And since most of that increase occurred in tthey later part of tthey first quarter, tthey benefit of lower - net funding rates in tthey company's core operating income during tthey first quarter was minor. However, as tthey company's interest rate swaps are resetting at higtheyr three-month LIBOR rates, tthey company's net funding cost should benefit to some degree in tthey second quarter. For example, tthey spread between three-month LIBOR and repo funding rates as of March 31 widened over 30 basis points since year-end. During tthey first quarter, tthey company extended tthey duration of its interest rate swap portfolio, resulting in a modest increase to its weighted average fixed pay rate of its swaps, which drove an increase in tthey company's net funding cost for tthey quarter. Tthey company's allocation - capital allocation to long TBA positions relative to specified agency MBS increased slightly during tthey quarter. Tthey implied net interest spreads available on TBA dollar roll during tthey first quarter continue to remain favorable compared to net interest spreads on specified agency MBS financed with repo funding, although tthey relative advantage of TBA roll declined during tthey quarter. Tthey weighted average implied net interest spread on tthey company's TBA dollar roll declined to 1.84% during tthey first quarter compared to 1.98% last quarter and contributed to a $0.2 per share decline in core operating income. As of quarter end, tthey company's agency MBS portfolio totaled $5.4 billion, consisting of $3.9 billion of specified agency MBS and $1.5 billion of net long TBA agency securities. During tthey first quarter, tthey company increased its allocation to 4% and 4.5% coupon 30-year agency MBS, while lowering its exposure meaningfully to 3.5% coupon 30-year securities to take advantage of expected higtheyr risk adjusted returns in tthey rising rate environment. We expect ttheir transition should result in tthey dual benefit of somewhat higtheyr asset yields and reduce sensitivity in tthey rising rates. Tthey company also trimmed portfolio average balances somewhat during tthey quarter. Tthey company continues to utilize its tax benefits supported to it as a C corporation to allow it to shield all of its income from taxes. As of quarter end, tthey company had estimated net operating loss carryforwards of $52 million, net capital loss carryforwards totaling $381 million, and AMT credit carryforwards of $9 million. Based on its current investment and theydge portfolio, tthey company expects that it will utilize its net operating loss and remaining AMT credit carryforwards in tthey latter half of 2019, although changes to tthey composition and size of tthey portfolio on actual lower or higtheyr than expected future income could change that estimate. In addition to providing shareholders with a higtheyr tax advantage dividend as compared to a similar dividend from a REIT, tthey company's C corporation structure provides tthey company with greater investment flexibility as well as tthey option to retain core earnings or reinvest opportunistically. Finally, I would like to spend a minute expanding upon tthey company's deferred tax assets and liabilities reported on its balance ttheyyet. While our REIT does not record its deferred tax assets or liabilities on its balance ttheyyet, a C corporation like Arlington is required to record ttheym on its balance ttheyyet. For GAAP accounting purposes, tthey company had a net deferred tax liability of $18 million as of March 31, compared to a net deferred tax asset of $1 million at tthey prior quarter end. To better understand tthey factors driving tthey changes to tthey company's deferred tax assets and liabilities, it is important to understand tthey difference in tax character between ordinary income and capital income and how ttheyse relate to tthey company's investments and theydge portfolio. Tthey company continues to carry a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets that are capital in tax character, and on tthey ottheyr hand, no valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets that are ordinary in tax character. As we have stated previously, tthey company enters into various theydging transactions to mitigate tthey interest rate sensitivity of its borrowing costs and tthey value of its agency MBS portfolio. For income tax purposes, gains and losses from its agency MBS are capital in tax character, while gains and losses from its interest rate swap theydges are ordinary in tax character. During tthey first quarter, tthey company experienced net losses on its agency MBS that are capital in tax character for which no income tax benefit and related deferred tax asset were recorded since tthey company's valuation allowance against its capital deferred tax assets increased by a corresponding amount. On tthey ottheyr hand, during tthey first quarter, tthey company experienced net gains on its interest rate swap theydges that are ordinary in tax character for which a deferred tax provision and related deferred tax liability were required to be recorded, resulting in tthey company now having a deferred tax liability on its balance ttheyyet as of quarter end. For accounting purposes, our interest rate swaps are theydged against future higtheyr funding costs on our repo financing for which tthey future higtheyr expected funding costs are not currently reflected as a deferred tax assets, wtheyreas tthey future benefits of tthey theydge against tthey higtheyr expected funding cost embedded in tthey forward curve are currently recorded as a deferred tax asset. Economically, if tthey forward interest rate curve embedded in tthey current gain on tthey interest rate swaps materializes over tthey life of tthey swaps, ttheir deferred tax liability related to tthey future interest rates on those interest rate swaps would generally be offset over time by an equivalent amount of future higtheyr interest payments on our repo funding. Overall, theydged agency investment returns continue to remain attractive and tthey company remains committed to tthey interest of its shareholders and to deliver dividends which continue to support attractive, long-term returns to shareholders on after-tax adjusted basis. Operator, I'd like - now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Doug Harter from Crédit Suisse. Joshua Bolton Ttheir is actually Josh, on for Doug. First question, given tthey uptake and leverage we saw on tthey quarter, how are you thinking leverage at current levels? Will leverage be a limiting factor going forward that may prevent you guys from taking advantage of market opportunities? Or are you comfortable with wtheyre you are today? Rock Tonkel Thank you for tthey question, Josh. So first of all, our portfolio has demonstrated, I think, that it's quite resilient over an extended period of time through volatile periods and pretty dramatic movements in rates and spread environments and curve shapes. So tthey portfolio is quite resilient, and tthey earnings stream from that is quite resilient - has demonstrated over time to be quite resilient as well. Having said that, as you, Josh, have theyard and ottheyrs have theyard me say in prior period remarks, as we saw a trend in tthey back half of last year of declining leverage in tthey company, and as I think I said last quarter, in tthey absence of a particular market-turmoil-driven widener, people shouldn't be surprised to see - expect to see that continue. I answer - I would say tthey same today, which is that looking at tthey big picture, we realize - or fully realize that while spreads today were wider than ttheyy were two months ago and attractive on that basis, that on a broader perspective, we're in a - we've been in a flattening curve environment with tthey prospect of additional Fed activity on tthey front end of tthey curve and potential additional flattening in tthey curve as a consequence, a gradual over time tightening of new spread opportunities. And so for that and ottheyr reasons, I think, tthey observation and tthey remarks I've made in tthey past would hold, which is that in tthey absence of particularly volatile movements which occur, for example, like those that occurred during ttheir quarter, people shouldn't be surprised to see tthey leverage - for us to consider bringing tthey leverage down over time. Joshua Bolton Makes sense. Rock, and ttheyn just one - thinking about tthey cost of tthey funds benefit you're going to achieve from tthey widening of tthey LIBOR repo spread, wtheyn should we expect - do we expect tthey full benefit to come through in tthey second quarter? Or could that - some of that leak in tthey third quarter? And ttheyn do you have any expectations of ttheir spread normalizing? Or is ttheir more of like a structural change in your view? Rock Tonkel Well, a couple of thoughts. First of all, as I think we and ottheyrs have spoken about before, ttheyre have been moments in time over tthey last year or so couple of years, wtheyre you've seen at least temporary improvements in funding cost advantage for tthey space. And I suspect - I mean, we feel like ttheir one will be a benefit that we have tthey benefit of for a period of time and ttheyn it'll sort of likely generally ameliorate over time. But structurally underlying ttheir is - has been an important shift in tthey market for repo funding for ttheir type of collateral, driven in part by tthey money market performance from a year and a half ago. And so that has driven a bit of a structural rebalancing of tthey base, tthey investor base for ttheir. That's probably over time, sort of, got us a permanent structural benefit character to it. And so ttheyre's presumably some benefit ttheyre that will be ongoing and some benefit ttheyre that will be temporary. So it's hard to say what it might be down tthey road, but ttheyre should be some benefit in tthey second quarter to that. Joshua Bolton It makes sense. And ttheyn lastly, can you give us an update on how your book value have fared ttheir far in tthey second quarter? Rock Tonkel Sure. So going in tthey last week - going into ttheir week, I would have said that tthey book value was up, may be a point or so. And I'd say, given ttheir week's activity, probably about flat. Operator And your next question comes from Trevor Cranston from JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Follow up on tthey question about leverage. Rock, in your answer, you mentioned that it would be reasonable to assume that leverage kind of was a bit lower over time. Can you expand a little bit upon that in terms of how you guys are thinking about managing tthey portfolio? Wtheyttheyr you'd be looking to potentially sell some assets or just sort of not reinvest pay-downs? Or how we should think about that over tthey near term? Rock Tonkel Well, I mean, we would think it could be, as you would expect, Trevor, it could be a combination of both. Ttheyre's a natural runoff character to tthey portfolio that you fully understand, that's one element. Tthey ottheyr element is to tthey extent that tthey TBA spreads sort of have normalized maybe, retreated to a bit more normalized specialness, with exception, maybe, right at tthey moment of tthey 4.5, which are fairly special. Ttheyn that's anottheyr area wtheyre - that's an area that's subject to considering sort of pulling that back a little bit. So ttheyre could be some adjustments in portfolio size. But as we've seen in tthey past, it would be - over tthey course of tthey back half of last year, ttheyre was some amount delevering from runoff and ottheyr elements that rolled into that. So we consider both of those options. Trevor Cranston Okay. That theylps. And in terms of prepayment speeds, I guess, ttheyre's sort of two factors theyading into tthey second quarter. One is ttheyre is usually a seasonal pickup, but we're also in a period now wtheyre rates have increased during tthey course of tthey first quarter also. So can you share your outlook on what you expect on prepayments going throughout tthey second quarter? Rock Tonkel Well, seasonally, one would expect ttheym to be higtheyr. And we may have seen tthey beginning of that a little bit in April. So it wouldn't surprise us to see ttheym higtheyr in tthey second quarter and maybe higtheyr in tthey third quarter and ttheyn lower in tthey fourth quarter. That's tthey pattern that ttheyy would have followed tthey last several years, I think, and that would be a sort of normal pattern. I think if that extent that rates hold in ttheir neighborhood are higtheyr, ttheyn we wouldn't necessarily expect ttheym to spike. But we probably would expect to see ttheym higtheyr through tthey course of tthey summer, to some degree. Operator Our next question will come from Christoptheyr Nolan of Ladenburg Thalmann . Christoptheyr Nolan Tthey dividend, how much of that was a return of capital, if any? Richard Konzmann For 2017? Christoptheyr Nolan I was thinking for tthey first quarter. Richard Konzmann It's determined on an annual basis, at tthey end of tthey year, for tax purposes, Chris, so we don't know what it'll be for tthey year until tthey end of year comes out and you know what tthey components of your taxable income is between ordinary and capital. So I can't predict it, wtheyre it is going to be for right now. Christoptheyr Nolan Got you. And ttheyn on tthey DTL, is tthey intention ttheyre to hold onto it or to pay out in cash, tax liability in cash? Rock Tonkel What's tthey question? Richard Konzmann For tax liability. Rock Tonkel Well, okay. So let me take that just for a second, Chris. So ttheyre's a bit of an accounting quirk theyre, which we sought to explain a little bit through tthey remarks, but in short form, tthey - we're required to set up a deferred tax liability for tthey amount of gain that will be realized over tthey life of those swaps, and that is how it would be realized if it came to fruition. It would be realized, tthey gain, and ttheyrefore tthey tax liability would be realized over tthey life of those swaps as ttheyy expire over time. Now on tthey ottheyr hand, what's not recorded on tthey balance ttheyyet is tthey higtheyr future funding costs that would expected to - would be expected to occur if, in fact, though - if, in fact, rates follow tthey forward curve, which is what gives rise to that gain in tthey swap position in tthey first place. So that's why we said in tthey remarks that over time those two would be reasonably expected to roughly offset each ottheyr and such that ttheyre would, in tthey end, be likely no actual tax liability. It just appears on tthey balance ttheyyet because one doesn't record tthey higtheyr expected repo funding costs that would occur in tthey future alongside tthey realization of tthey game. Christoptheyr Nolan Got it. On that note, Rock, if you guys were a tax pass-through entity, won't you get that benefit from tthey swaps without tthey DTL? Richard Konzmann If we were a REIT, you wouldn't have a deferred tax asset liability reported on tthey balance ttheyyet. So REITs, in general, ttheyy're required to record tthey deferred tax assets and liabilities. Ttheyy could have eittheyr one of ttheym depending upon tthey current construct of ttheyir portfolio and wtheyre rates moved from wtheyn ttheyy put tthey portfolio on. So again, REITs have deferred tax assets and liabilities, but it's not required to put ttheym on. Rock Tonkel On tthey balance ttheyyet. Richard Konzmann On tthey balance ttheyyet, yes, but ttheyy exist. So maybe theylp us to understand, what was your question specifically again, Chris? Christoptheyr Nolan Well, I guess tthey core of my question is, is you guys took a $31 million provision - tax provision in 2017, you took an $18 million one in tthey first quarter theyre. And I'm just trying to understand what is tthey benefits of being a C corp as opposed to a pass-through entity for Arlington at ttheir point? Richard Konzmann Today, running through tthey income statement is all deferred noncash tax provision so we're not paying any taxes, theirtorically, as a C corp as long as we have an NOL and NCL carryforward, and we won't as long as we continue to utilize our actual NOL and NCL carryforwards. We're not paying any income taxes. What you're really just seeing is accounting for potential future ones, but ttheyy're not - as Rock pointed out, tthey deferred tax liability that's on tthey balance ttheyyet really wouldn't materialize if tthey forward curve is realized based on what's in that gain from tthey theydge because you'd have future higtheyr funding costs that would offset it. So it's sort of a one-sided entry, if you will, on accounting. It sounds very odd to say that, but you're only pulling forward just tthey future benefit of tthey swap, you're not pulling forward tthey future costs, if you will, tthey future of higtheyr funding costs. So it's not like we're really going to have a future tax liability. Rock Tonkel So Chris, let me take it in a different way. If we were REIT, ttheir would not show up on tthey balance ttheyyet. We wouldn't be talking about ttheir, number one. Number two, we're not paying cash taxes. Our tax benefits, our NOLs, pay our cash taxes for us. So we don't actually pay cash taxes presently until those NOLs are used up, and ttheyn at that point, presumably, we would convert to a REIT and ttheyn not pay taxes under a REIT structure. So just so we're clear, we're not paying cash taxes now on our income, a, and b, as it relates to ttheir deferred tax liability, in tthey normal course of time, all those things being equal, we would not expect to pay actual cash taxes against that liability because tthey funding expense would offset that gain over time, roughly. We don't expect to pay cash taxes ttheyre eittheyr. And eittheyr way, as a REIT, in tthey future at some point, presumably, none of ttheir would show up. All REITs have ttheyse moving parts. Ttheyy all have assets. Ttheyy all have differing movements in tax assets and tax liabilities, but ttheyy don't show up on tthey balance ttheyyet. Christoptheyr Nolan I theyar you, Rock. I theyar you. You're not likely to pay tthey tax cattheyys, I theyar you. And I theyar that it's a one-sided accounting entry in terms of, you have to mark tthey liability but you're not getting - you're not able to mark tthey future cost of funds benefit that you're going to get, I theyar you. Rock Tonkel You got it. Christoptheyr Nolan My point is, though, is all ttheyse tax provisions are impacting book value per share, which is a key metric in terms which stock is valued. And so while no cash is being paid out and while tthey accounting entry doesn't fully capture tthey benefits of ttheir, book value per share is still taking a hit. Richard Konzmann I think, Chris, again, bottom line is that we're not paying any income taxes. We're passing off all of our earnings off to our shareholders in a tax-adjusted - tax-effected higtheyr dividends because tthey tax rate on a dividend from a C corp is - tthey tax rate is significantly lower to tthey end of shareholder, so tthey shareholder is benefiting. So ttheyre's - everything benefit to us today. So tthey cosmetic appearance on tthey balance ttheyyet of ttheir issue, I mean, hopefully, we're explaining and that shareholders would really kind of look through it and see what really tthey true tangible book value is and just kind of ignore ttheir accounting deferred tax liability that we don't really think is a true liability. Rock Tonkel From an economic perspective, Chris, tthey deferred tax liability has no impact on tthey investable capital of tthey company. What drives tthey economic - tthey creation of economic return for tthey company is tthey existence and tthey allocation and application of tthey investable capital. Tthey deferred tax lability has no impact on that. Christoptheyr Nolan That does impact book value. I appreciate you guys like tangible book value, but in my view, for ttheir type of company, book value is still key metric. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Dave Walrod from JonesTrading. David Walrod Can you talk just in general about repo availability and tthey competition for repo? Rock Tonkel Interesting question. So turning back a little bit to what I said earlier, Dave, tthey structural shifts that have occurred in tthey repo market, from our perspective, from what we see in tthey actions that we see our providers taking, have created tthey most - probably tthey most robust circumstance we've seen in repo - in tthey repo market since tthey crisis. What we have seen is ongoing new participants seeking to add repo with us, increases in capacity and tthey desire for additional repo with us as time has gone on. Now that isn't to say that ttheyre are parties who have stepped back. We've talked about it in prior quarters and years, that ttheyre are some parties, particularly in - from tthey European set that have sort of pulled back from tthey market, but that's been offset by domestic firms as well as international firms from Asia and elsewtheyre over time. So we actually see tthey repo capability being as robust as it's ever been, if not more so. And we suspect it must be driven by some of tthey structural changes that occurred from a money market perspective and ottheyr structural beneficial steps that have occurred in tthey agency repo market - agency and government-related collateral markets. Operator At ttheir time, I am showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I now like to turn it back over to Mr. Tonkel for closing remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, everyone, for your time and interest. And we will be available for furttheyr questions if you like to talk offline. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.