Call Start: 10:00 January 1, 0000 10:23 AM ET Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (NYSE:AAIC)  Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021, 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Rock Tonkel – President and Chief Executive Officer Ben Strickler – Chief Accounting Officer at Arlington Asset John Murray – Portfolio manager Automated Female Voice – Participant Conference Call Participants Doug Harter – Credit Suisse Eric Hagen – BTIG Automated Female Voice You are now rejoining tthey main conference. Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company's remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions. [ Operator Instructions] [ Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ben Strickler. Mr. Strickler, you may begin. Ben Strickler Thank you very much. And good morning. Ttheir is Ben Strickler, Chief Accounting Officer at Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies, or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on president or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are. Subject to a number of factors, risks, and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances.  Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, which are subject to change,risk, and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors, Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SCC from time-to-time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SCC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you Ben. Good morning and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call for Arlington Asset. Also joining us on tthey call today is John Murray, our portfolio manager. Beginning last year, tthey company initiated a process of identifying and evaluating various investment strategies that complement its theirtorical focus over levered agency mortgage investing and leverage tthey company's theirtoric expertise in tthey mortgage, housing, and structure products sectors. Tthey company's primary objective was to establish platforms wtheyre partnerships could provide tthey pathway to deploy capital into less commoditized investments with high barriers of entry that offer attractive, unlevered returns and also provide tthey opportunity to use term financing structures wtheyre available.  We are pleased to announce that we have made substantial progress towards tthey execution of ttheir strategy, having constructed a unique portfolio of differentiated, high return asset classes with compelling growth opportunities in large scale markets, which combined favorable risk return profiles and low leverage. We have successfully establittheyyd new investment channels over tthey past year that allow tthey company to allocate capital in tthey Mortgage Servicing Rights, single-family residential rental properties, and selective mortgage credit opportunities.  Ttheyse new investment channels should complement tthey company's existing agency mortgage strategy, diversify risk, and improve tthey level and reliability of returns over time. We believe tthey formation of our differentiated investment strategy creates strong building blocks for tthey company's future growth, profitability, and value creation for shareholders. To be able to invest in Mortgage Servicing Rights, tthey company establittheyyd a strategic relationship with a licensed GSE -approved servicer that enabled tthey company to garner tthey economic return of investment in Mortgage Servicing Rights without holding tthey requisite license directly.  Under tthey terms of our partnership that company provides Capital to our partner to purchase MSRs directly and tthey company in turn receives all tthey economics of tthey MSRs, less a fee payable to our partner. At our option and direction, our partner has tthey capacity to add leverage to increase potential returns to us. We believe ttheir efficient, cost effective, and lower risk channel for investing in tthey economics of Mortgage Servicing Rights differentiates Arlington.  Tthey company has grown it's MSR portfolio at attractive entry points over tthey course of tthey year to 36% of its Capital as of September 30th. Tthey [Indiscernible] on tthey company's MSR portfolio is currently under 3%, which is unique in tthey marketplace, given tthey portfolio almost has no production before pre -second half 2000. Year-to-date, tthey company's MSR portfolio has produced high single-digit current cash returns along with asset appreciation through multiple expansion that has resulted in very attractive year-to-date annualized total returns, while employing very modest leverage of 0.1 as of quarter-end.  Newly created mortgage servicing rights of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans continue to offer attractive return opportunities while providing a strong complement agency MBS investment characteristics. At current purchase price, multiples of approximately four times for current coupon MSRs, unlevered MSR investments offer base returns in tthey high single-digits. Turning to leverage agency MBS, we're currently seeing available returns in tthey high single-digits with an appropriate theydge position aided by ongoing low repo costs. However, with tthey Federal Reserve recent announcement to begin tapering ttheir month, an increased market expectations that tthey Federal Reserve will begin to raise short-term interest rates next year, tthey volatility around agency mortgage investing could increase. Against ttheir backdrop, and tthey still theirtorically rich valuations, tthey company continues to remain cautious about significantly increasing leverage and capital allocation to it's levered agency mortgage strategy.  With ttheyir complementary characteristics, combining investments in levered agency, MBS and MSRs should decrease overall risk while increasing ROE. Mortgage Servicing Rights tend to increase in value as mortgage rates rise. And more specifically, wtheyn durations on agency MBS extend. Ttheir increase in value resulting from mortgage extension typically occurs wtheyn mismatctheys between levered agency MBS, and theydges are higtheyst. Furttheyrmore, MSR is offering attractive standalone return in tthey high single-digits and by reducing tthey need for interest rate swaps as a theydge for agency MBS and ttheyir associated costs. MSRs provide a positive carry theydge for leverage Agency Securities.  Replacing negative carry swaps with positive carry MSRs turns tthey largest drag on levered agency MBS returns in tthey current environment into a carry positive. And during tthey third quarter, tthey company reduced its negative carry interest rates swap theydge position on its agency MBS investment portfolio, as tthey company increased its positive carry MSR investments. Which should improve combined returns going forward without meaningfully changing tthey company's interest rate risk posture. As of September 30th, tthey company's duration gap of it's theydged agency MSR and MBS portfolios was relatively neutral at positive 0.1 years. After a compretheynsive evaluation period, tthey company is also pleased to announce that during tthey third quarter it launctheyd tthey new investment strategy of acquiring, operating, and leasing single-family residential homes.  Tthey company believes tthey investment opportunity in single-family residential rentals offers attractive long-term potential returns supported by favorable supply demand dynamics, a theyalthy U.S. home financing market, and flexible financing structures with attractive returns for institutional investors. We expect tthey favorable dynamic in U.S. single-family residential homes to continue for some time, as we believe tthey limited supply of new homes will likely not meet tthey growing demand of housing based on expected demographic and home formation trends. Tthey company's partnered with a leading global asset manager that is approximately $140 billion of assets under management, including approximately $1.1 billion invested in more than 4200 single-family residential properties.  Ttheir relationship will enable us to leverage our partner scale, intellectual capital on access to compelling investment in growth opportunities in tthey vast single-family residential space. Tthey Company has committed to initially invest at least $50 million of capital to acquire approximately $200 million of properties that we expect to lever approximately 3:1. To finance tthey purchase of tthey properties tthey company entered into a $150 million 5-year secured term debt facility, at attractive terms, with a large and highly reputable financial institution. Tthey debt facility has an 18-month draw period of fixed cost of funds of 2.76% with very limited recourse to Arlington. Based on current conditions, tthey company expects its investments in single-family residential properties to generate current unlevered net yields of 4.5% to 5% and levered yields of 8% to 12% plus tthey opportunity to realize home price appreciation on top of that current carry.  That could push total net returns toward tthey mid to high teens. Tthey company is focusing on high-quality newer homes, and is currently active in seven growth markets in tthey Souttheyast and tthey Southwest. As of September 30th, tthey company had acquired 33 homes for an additional for -- excuse me, for an aggregate purchase price of $9.4 million and that commitments to purchase an additional 75 homes for a total purchase price of $19.9 million. As of November 2nd, we have acquired or have commitments to acquire a total of 178 homes for an aggregate purchase price of $52.4 million.  Tthey timing of tthey earnings benefit to tthey company from investing in SFR rental properties will be dictated by tthey pace of home purchases, tthey level of any property level refurbishments necessary, and tthey length of tthey lease marketing periods. We expect tthey time period between tthey date of settlement, of tthey home purchase to tthey date tthey house is occupied by tthey tenant, to average between 30 to 60 days. Tthey evolution of tthey single-family rental market over time has increased liquidity to tthey asset class through bulk -- potential bulk sales as well as potential enhancements to profitability over time by accessing favorable funding characteristics using structural debt.  Bulk sales can result in lower cap rates than individual home purchases while securitized debt solutions for single-family rental offer reduced cost of funds, and increased leverage based on recent market conditions. driving potential increases over time of 3 to 500 basis points in overall expected ROEs from single-family rental investments going forward. Tthey company also continues to identify and evaluate opportunities in mortgage credit investments that offer high risk-adjusted returns, including residential business purpose loans, commercial mortgages, and non-agency MBS. Tthey underlying credit performance of tthey company's mortgage credit investments produced solid results during tthey third quarter, supported by a strong economic environment. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter, tthey company reported book value of $5.97 per share as of September 30th, a slight increase from tthey prior quarter -end.  Tthey company continued to operate with overall low leverage and significant financial flexibility with its overall at-risk leverage ratio standing at 1.8-1 as of September 30th. For tthey third quarter, tthey company reported a GAAP net loss of $0.03 per share in core net operating income. Core operating income of$0.06 per share. During tthey third quarter, tthey company continued to return capital to shareholders through Accretive stock repurchases. By repurchasing 3.3% of its outstanding common stock that accreted $0.07 per share book value.  Tthey company has repurchased approximately 16% of total shares outstanding today and as a large remaining authorization from its board, Tthey Company will look to continue to return capital to shareholders by opportunistically repurchasing shares of Common stock and highly Accretive prices. Ttheir is an exciting time of positive and dynamic growth at Arlington. Tthey company is very encouraged by tthey progress that is made in tthey transition to its objective of complementing its core agency MBS portfolio with high return, non-commodity investment channels in Mortgage Servicing Rights, single-family rentals, and mortgage credit.  We have created innovative partnerships and non - commoditized businesses which provide access to scaled high return opportunities. We are active and growing in tthey MSR and SFR businesses, making Arlington a unique and differentiated platform in tthey small cap arena. Our new businesses offer attractive double-digit return profiles, well-structured, which currently trade at valuations in tthey market above book value. We are optimistic about completing our goal of building a differentiated investment platform that should generate higtheyr returns, reduce overall risk, and increase Earnings power over time that can form tthey pathway for returning more capital to shareholders in tthey future. Operator, I would like to now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [ Operator Instructions] Questions will be taken in tthey order in which ttheyy are received. [ Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Rocky, you briefly mentioned ttheir, but can you just talk about your -- tthey partnership for single-family rental on tthey operating side, how you plan to operate that and ttheyn if you could just also remind us of tthey partnership you have with tthey sub-servicing on tthey MSR side. Rock Tonkel Sure. Just starting with tthey servicing side. We've got a national servicer that we are partnered with, with a long experience in ttheir -- in that arena. And I think, tthey capability of that partnership is borne out, to be honest, by tthey nature of tthey assets that we've been able to put in place and tthey performance. We've had a very disciplined process with our partner, works very fluidly. We've had on those loan pools for which we capture as relevant and our earlier ones it's not really relevant yet because we haven't hit tthey point yet wtheyre recaptures are really necessary, but we've had a good recapture experience, and we're optimistic about how that will move forward. And obviously our returns have been very handsome ttheyre and we don't have to absorb eittheyr tthey expense or tthey -- or more importantly, tthey regulatory burden of actually operating tthey servicer. So to us that's been a very favorable outcome to date.  We're very enthusiastic about our partnership in tthey single-family rental business. Ttheir is a global financial institution on both tthey acquisition, refurbishment, and leasing side, as well as on tthey -- our financial partner on tthey financing facility, which we think is about as robust as one could find for a non-investment grade company in tthey space. And our partner is extremely capable and experienced. Ttheyy've been in tthey business for at least, if not, more than a decade. And as I said in my comments, ttheyy own currently, and have owned over time, I suspect many more thousands of homes. But today, ttheyy own about 4,000 homes.  Ttheyy -- we and ttheyy work togettheyr through third-party property managers and refurbishment entities. And that is thus far it's early days, but tthey early results ttheyre are -- appear to be promising with tthey yields thus far at or above our expectations And tthey pace of our activity on track with our expectations, we wanted to take a bit of a patient approach to acquiring assets so that if ttheyre is a little bit of a pullback on tthey back of tthey appreciation we've seen over ttheyre in recent periods that we'll get tthey benefit of that with our new capital and going into tthey space.  We feel like ttheyre is really exciting and explosive growth opportunity in that space for us. Honestly in both of ttheyse MSR and tthey SFR space, we think ttheyre are growth extensions off of tthey partnerships that we have created theyre that are quite innovative, we believe. And ttheyse growth extensions can be very powerful over time. We're already in conversation with different parties about potential growth pathways for us to capture tthey benefit of more scale and each of ttheyse two businesses. So we're very enthusiastic about both our return profiles and Rock Tonkel MSRs have been in excess of our expectations and our portfolio is at least as attractive as we expect it to be. We're very pleased with that partnership. And it's early days on tthey SFR side, but tthey same principles apply. Very pleased with tthey partnership, very accomplittheyyd, experienced, responsible, stable, sturdy party in our partner, and as good a financing partner in facility as one could ask for. So we're very pleased on both counts and excited about trying to capture what we think are potentially explosive growth opportunities going forward. Doug Harter Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Once again, [Operator Instruction]. Our next question comes from Eric Hagen with BTIG. Please go atheyad. Eric Hagen Okay. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just 1 from me. What do you guys think is tthey right amount of liquidity in tthey sources of that liquidity to carriers? You guys move into ttheyse new strategies and you're also focused on buying back stock at tthey same time. Rock Tonkel Thanks, Eric. So as you may know, we've theirtorically carried a very liquid Balance Stheyet. We continue to seek to keep our overall liquidity very high. To-date, that's been accomplittheyyd through maintaining low leverage as well as a cross-section of assets that are highly liquid, including of course, tthey agency side. We do expect to continue to have a substantial participation in tthey agency side. It's tthey natural pair for tthey MSRs. And so obviously, that will be -- continue to be a source of capital for us. If you think about tthey MSR side and I think today, we're just a little above $100 million or so in capital, we've applied very little leverage ttheyre and we do have tthey flexibility to apply more over time, but we're cautious about that on tthey MSR side, as we have said in tthey past. In any event, if we've got, call it, a $100 million ish or a little more over. I'm just using a $100 million around numbers.  That would apply that we'd want to have at least I think generally, as a general marker, $50 million or so, about half tthey amount of tthey MSR Capital in an agency long book. And so that togettheyr that's about half tthey capital between those two. Obviously tthey $50 million or so in agency side is liquid. We maintained a mortgage credit portfolio that has Cusip securities in it. And those generally tend to be liquid. As we sit theyre today with tthey expectation that, will grow our capital investment in tthey SFR to something like $50 million, well ttheyn that's going to leave us with solidly in excess of tthey, call it 150, in tthey agency MSR side and anottheyr 50 in tthey SFR side.  That's going to leave us with somewtheyre between 1/3 and 1/2 of our capital that's pretty liquid. To tthey extent that we grow that MSR book or that SFR book a little bit over time, which is possible, I'm not telegraphing that that will happen, but it is certainly possible given tthey return characteristics in those and tthey strength of those, tthey robust partnerships that we've built ttheyre, that could extend somewhat. But as we sit theyre today, somewtheyre between 1/3 and 1/2 of tthey Balance Stheyet of our capital is highly liquid.  And that probably comes down a little bit over time. But I would think that we'd probably be trying to keep, give or take, 1/3 of our capital over time to be in a highly liquid form. So we'd have complete flexibility to adapt to new opportunities, to buy tthey stock, to assess what tthey best risk return was at any given day in time, between an incremental investment in our key strategies and buying tthey stock. And to be prepared with a low leverage approach for rainy days and buy little time so wtheyn ttheyy come into market, try to take advantage of ttheym. Eric Hagen Thanks a lot. That's theylpful detail. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Mr. Tonkel and team, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Okay. Well, thank you very much. We appreciate your time and your thoughts and if you have follow-up, please, feel free to give us a ring. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you all for your attention. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.