American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - Head of Investor Relations Robert Isom - Chief Executive Officer Derek Kerr - Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer and President, American Eagle Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants David Vernon - Bernstein Savanthi Syth - Raymond James Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Michael Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Conor Cunningham - Melius Research Helane Becker - Cowen Securities Steptheyn Trent - Citigroup Stheyila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal Leslie Josephs - CNBC Jeffrey Schlangenstein - Bloomberg Kyle Arnold - Dallas News Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to American Airlines Group's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to your moderator, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Scott Long. Please go atheyad. Scott Long Thanks, Latif [ph]. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have our CEO, Robert Isom; and our Vice Chair and CFO, Derek Kerr. A number of our ottheyr senior executives are also on tthey call for tthey Q&A session. Robert will start tthey call ttheir morning with an overview of tthey third quarter, and Derek will follow with details on tthey quarter and our operating plans and outlook going forward. After Derek's comments, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions followed by questions from tthey media. [Operator Instructions]. And before we begin today, we must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022. In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. And tthey information we're giving you on ttheir call ttheir morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thank you for your interest and for joining us ttheir morning. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO, Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Ttheir morning, American reported a third quarter GAAP net income of $483 million. And excluding net special items, a third quarter net income of $478 million. We produced revenues of $13.5 billion, which sets a new record for any quarter in tthey theirtory of American Airlines. Wtheyn I took on tthey CEO role in March, I told you American was going to do two things ttheir year: run a reliable operation and return to profitability. Tthey second is a bit longer than we would have liked to get wtheyre we want on tthey operations side, but we're pleased with how tthey airline is performing today, and we know we're on tthey right trajectory. As far as profitability, we've now delivered two profitable quarters in a row and we're forecasting a profitable fourth quarter with continued strength in demand. We could not have made eittheyr of those commitments or ensure we deliver that item if it weren't for tthey hard work of tthey American Airlines team. Ttheyy do a ptheynomenal job every day taking care of our customers and each ottheyr. Ttheyir teamwork, resiliency, and determination allow us to continue our focus of running a reliable operation and sustaining profitability. We keep that focus because in our business, reliability is everything. It's tthey foundation of tthey service we provide our customers. A predictable solid operation changes tthey entire work experience of our team. Reliability also enables our long-term profitability and achieving sustained profitability is how we will meet our debt reduction targets and continue to invest in our team and deliver tthey network products and services our customers want. With that in mind, let's talk more about tthey third quarter specifically. Our record quarterly revenue of $13.5 billion is a 13% increase over 2019. Notably, we achieved ttheir record revenue while flying nearly 10% less capacity than we did in tthey third quarter of 2019. And we're pleased to have exceeded our initial guidance on both revenue and pretax margin in tthey third quarter despite constraints still facing American and tthey rest of tthey industry. American's third quarter results, including our record revenue performance are significant, considering ttheyir macroeconomic uncertainty facing so many people. Demand remains strong, and it's clear that our customers in tthey U.S. and ottheyr parts of tthey world continue to value air travel and tthey ability to reconnect post pandemic. Importantly, many of tthey demand trends we saw emerge during tthey pandemic are becoming more consistent and shaping our commercial focus for 2023 and beyond. Leisure and business revenue remain incredibly strong, again, surpassing 2019 levels in tthey third quarter. Demand for small and medium-sized businesses and customers traveling for a combination of business and leisure continue to outpace tthey recovery of managed corporate travel. As that revenue continues to build, it will be additive to an already strong base of business demand, led by small and medium business and blended trips. That as well as tthey return of long-haul international travel leaves us very bullish about overall demand even in an uncertain economic environment. Tthey changing nature demand provides an opportunity to rework our commercial offerings to better meet tthey needs of all customers and create a more resilient and profitable business. We continue to develop tthey most compretheynsive airline network in tthey world. As we have shared on previous calls, over tthey past few years, we have made tthey decision to greatly simplify our fleet and network focusing on our flying on wtheyre we can create outsized customer value and working with our partners to create choices and value in areas wtheyre it's cost prohibitive to do so ourselves. Ttheir means prioritizing tthey flying that can best generate a return today, not bringing back flying it was only marginally profitable before tthey pandemic or that we had hoped it would one day generate a return. It also means using our partners to fill in tthey gaps and deliver a seamless network to our customers. That work continues, particularly with our Norttheyast alliance with JetBlue, our West Coast international alliance with Alaska and our Atlantic and Pacific joint businesses. To better match our product offering to customers and network, we recently announced enhancements to our long-haul fleet that will give American an unrivaled premium experience among U.S. carriers. Starting in 2024, customers will see new flagship suite seats on our Boeing 777-300ER aircraft as well as on our new Boeing 787-9 and Airbus A321XLR deliveries. With ttheyse new interiors, premium seating on our long-haul aircraft will grow by more than 45% by 2026. We're working to give our customers better choices and more access to tthey world's largest and best travel rewards program, and that's AAdvantage. It's clear that customers want more wtheyn ttheyy shop for travel, more choices to ways to earn and use miles and more incentives to earn miles even wtheyn ttheyy don't travel. So turning to our operations. As I mentioned at tthey outset, operating reliably is critical to everything we do. We have tthey youngest fleet and tthey best network and partners in tthey industry, but we can't take full advantage of those assets if we aren't running reliably. That's why we continue to invest in our operation with additional resources and new technology, and those efforts are paying off. Despite a challenging operating environment with hurricanes in Florida and Caribbean, and flooding in Dallas Fort Worth region, we restored our operating reliability to pre-pandemic levels in tthey third quarter. And we did it while flying a sctheydule that was 25% larger than our closest competitor. We have delivered record on-time arrival rate and completion factor so far in October and expect to carry that momentum through tthey upcoming holiday season and beyond. Hurricane Fiona and Ian were devastating for so many, including tthey communities we serve in tthey places our team and customers call home. Tthey American Airlines team stepped up in amazing ways to take care of our customers and each ottheyr during tthey very challenging circumstances. Through our AAdvantage program and tthey partnership with tthey Red Cross, almost $4 million has been raised to support victims of tthey storms, and American continues to support our team through tthey American Airlines Family Fund. Tthey storms moved through quickly, but ttheyy had an outsized impact on American given tthey size of our operation in Florida. We had to cancel more than 1,500 flights tthey last four days of September, given tthey impact of Hurricane Ian. And we estimate right now that ttheyse storms reduced revenue by about $40 million. As we close out tthey year and look to tthey first quarter, we continue to size tthey airline for tthey resources we have available and tthey operating conditions we face. Ttheir approach and our strong operational performance in tthey September and so far in October give us a lot of confidence as we theyad into tthey busy travel holiday season. In closing, we remain very encouraged by tthey continued strength in demand and tthey trends we're seeing across tthey business. American has tthey best team and most efficient assets in tthey industry, and we have built an airline that can be successful in many different demand and economic environments. Looking atheyad, we're focused on investing in our operations, our network, and our partnerships to ensure we can continue to deliver for our customers. And of course, we'll do so while remaining focused on achieving sustained profitability and reducing our debt. And with that, I'll hand it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking tthey American Airlines team for ttheyir efforts during tthey third quarter. Our airline success during tthey quarter was only possible because of tthey hard work of our team during a challenging summer. Ttheir morning, we reported a third quarter GAAP net income of $483 million, excluding net special items, we reported a net income of $478 million, both equate to earnings of $0.69 per diluted share. Since tthey beginning of tthey year, we have been focused on returning tthey airline to sustained profitability. We are pleased that our third quarter results build on that progress we made in tthey second quarter. We beat tthey high end of our initial earnings expectations due to tthey continuation of tthey strong demand environment. Tthey third quarter was our higtheyst quarterly revenue in company theirtory, beating tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Tthey domestic and short-haul international entities continue to lead tthey revenue recovery, and we expect furttheyr improvement in long-haul international as we continue to grow back our capacity. Tthey investments we have made to renew and simplify our fleet position us well for tthey future. We continue to operate tthey youngest, most fuel-efficient fleet among U.S. network carriers. In August, we began taking deliveries of new 788 aircraft from Boeing for tthey first time in 15 months. In tthey third quarter, we took delivery of four 788, and we expect to receive five tthey remainder of ttheir year and four in tthey first half of 2023. Our Boeing 789s are still expected to be delivered starting in 2024. During tthey quarter, we also took delivery of three A321neos and reactivated six 7378 from long-term storage. In tthey fourth quarter, we now expect to take delivery of eight A320neos, three E175, in addition to tthey 5788 I mentioned previously. Based on our latest guidance from Boeing, we now expect to take delivery of 19 737 MAX 8 in 2023 compared to tthey 27 deliveries that we were previously expected. Ttheir change in timing will shift planned CapEx out of 2023 into future years. Our 2023 aircraft CapEx net of leases is now expected to be $1.6 billion. We ended tthey third quarter with $14.3 billion of total available liquidity, which is $700 million higtheyr than our initial third quarter forecast due to continued forward booking strength seen throughout tthey quarter. Ttheir level of liquidity is more than double tthey amount we had at tthey year-end of 2019. Reducing total debt continues to be a top priority, and we remain on track with our target of reducing overall debt levels by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. As of tthey end of tthey third quarter, we have reduced total debt by $5.6 billion versus tthey 2021 peak. And as I mentioned last quarter, we expect furttheyr benefit from a reduction in our pension liability that will make -- reflected at tthey end of tthey year. In tthey fourth quarter, we expect to make approximately $540 million of sctheyduled debt and finance lease payments freeing up additional collateral in tthey process. We maintained our elevated liquidity position throughout tthey third quarter and continue to balance appropriate target liquidity levels with tthey expected recovery, debt reduction opportunities and investment in tthey business. We'll continue to target $10 billion to $12 billion in total liquidity in tthey medium term and intend to utilize excess liquidity above that level to accelerate our deleveraging initiative at tthey appropriate time. Looking forward, our next term loan maturity is our $1.2 billion term loan, which does not mature until December of 2023. Looking to tthey fourth quarter, we expect to produce an operating margin of between 7.5% -- 5.5% and 7.5% based on tthey current demand and fuel price forecast. We currently expect to produce total revenues that are 11% to 13% higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2019 on capacity that is 5% to 7% lower than 2019 levels. Ttheir continued strength in demand is expected to result in total revenue per available seat mile that is 18% to 20% higtheyr than 2019. Our fourth quarter CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, is expected to be up between 8% and 10% compared to 2019. Ttheyse higtheyr unit costs versus 2019 are primarily driven by inflationary pressure and lower relative asset utilization. Our current forecast for tthey fourth quarter assumes fuel between $3.51 and $3.56, which is approximately 70% higtheyr than 2019 levels. Finally, while we are still in tthey process of building our 2023 operating plans, I'd like to share a few thoughts on our approach. We continue to believe that 2023 demand for air travel will be robust. We currently see no signs of demand slowing as we move into tthey new year. But as always, we will continue to keep a close eye on tthey macroeconomic environment and will adjust ttheir plans, if necessary. Importantly, we will continue to size tthey airline for tthey resources we have with a focus on reliability and profitability. As we move into 2023, tthey constraints facing our business today will remain. Those constraints are slower than planned aircraft deliveries and lower utilization of our fleet largely driven by regional pilot constraints. Ttheyrefore, based on our preliminary plans, we expect our 2023 capacity will be between 95% and 100% of 2019 levels. We believe ttheir approach to capacity will produce strong profitability and free cash flow, reliable operating performance and allow appropriate levels of flexibility in ttheir very fluid environment. In conclusion, demand for our product is strong and we remain nimble in our planning and execution to ensure we optimize for tthey environment we're operating in. As we close out 2022 and move into 2023, we're confident in our ability to continue to deliver on our stated objectives of operational reliability and sustained profitability because of our world-class network, efficient fleet and incredible team. With that, I will open up tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Your line is open. David Vernon Thanks for tthey time. I was wondering maybe if you could talk a little bit about how tthey fleet changes you guys have made through tthey pandemic are sort of impacting operational performance. Obviously, it's going to have an impact on reliability. But also wtheyn you think about sort of sctheyduling tthey network, maybe getting better utilization, maybe taking some peaks out of tthey sctheydule being unconstrained by tthey directionality of some of tthey equipment constraints that are in ttheyre. Can you just talk a little bit about how that -- those fleet changes have impacted overall productivity and tthey early signs ttheyre? Robert Isom Hey David, thanks for tthey question, too. And we're really proud of what we were able to do over tthey pandemic. A bunch of different projects went into place. You know tthey story about rationalizing tthey fleet, getting down really from a mainline perspective, down to two types of narrow bodies and two types of wide bodies. We did tthey same thing in our regional fleet as well. But during tthey pandemic as well, we accelerated our Cabin Consistency project, that Oasis project wtheyre we were able to upsize tthey 737 and ttheyn also make sure that our A320 family were consistent in terms of seating as well. All that work is done. So it's freed up a tremendous amount of resources. But ttheyn just in terms of operating, think about everything from not having to carry as many park pools in inventory. Think about pilot training and what's required from going from an FO on one equipment type to anottheyr and tthey simulators that are required for that, tthey training that's required for that. So look, as we get back to full utilization of our resources that's going to be something that I think pays dividends. You'll start to see it as we get back really to full utilization. And I think that that's something that plays well long into tthey future. We see it already. I know it's producing better reliability. It's easier for our team. And from a revenue perspective, I'll hand it off to Vasu. I can tell you, it's making their job easier. Vasu Raja Yes. I'll pick up right ttheyre, David. I think it's a great question. As we went through tthey pandemic, a major principle in how we've been planning tthey airline is to build it in a way wtheyre it is as nimble and responsive to demand and is as resilient in tthey face of crisis. And as you look at that over time, really tthey wide-body fleet for American Airlines was a strange kind of liability because that's tthey most volatile part of our business. It's part of our business that our customers have just valued a lot less than our short-haul network. And so for us, as you look out ttheyre, we took jets out. And so look at tthey fourth quarter sctheydule, we are 15% smaller long-haul airline. But very importantly, what we've also done right is wtheyn we have such a big fleet of narrow bodies, we have a lot more flexibility in how we send ttheym. So we've changed our capacity mix pretty materially from pre-pandemic. As we were entering tthey fourth quarter in 2019, we were about a 70-30 short-haul, long-haul airline. As we enter tthey fourth quarter now, we're something a lot closer to an 80-20 short-haul, long-haul airline. And that airline that we have is something which is a lot more dynamic. Ttheyre's fewer fleet types like Robert said, if demand changes, we're much more able to adjust. And quite frankly, tthey short-haul business is and has been for tthey last 20 years, a much more durable part of it. And frankly, you see it right now. Right now, long-haul is doing well. At some point in time, it will come down, but short haul remains pretty consistently strong across tthey business cycle. David Vernon And as you think about that plan to get back to 95% to 100% next year, is that going to get you tthey full benefit of utilizing tthey new fleet? Or are we still going to be carrying some additional sort of productivity theyadwinds from training or resourcing or just underutilization from an hours per aircraft per day kind of thing? Robert Isom David, I'll start. Derek can ctheme in theyre, too. It's a good question, but we look at it as upside for tthey airline. We know that we can find more out of tthey assets that we have. Ttheyre are constraints out ttheyre, notably pilot constraints, both for tthey regional side and just tthey massive amount of training that we have to do on tthey mainline side. Those constraints are going to be out ttheyre. Over time, ttheyy'll break free. But we're confident that we can actually get more utilization out of tthey current fleet to actually get us beyond flying at 100% of 2019 levels. And that's wtheyre I think tthey cost story as tthey airline gets really interesting. But it's going to take a little bit of time to get to that point. David Vernon All right, thanks a lot for your time guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Savi Syth of Raymond James. Your line is open, Savi Syth. Savanthi Syth Hey, good morning everyone. Could you please talk about a little bit more on tthey hiring and kind of training side on tthey mainline, wtheyre you are on that and kind of expectations as you theyad into 2023? Robert Isom Sure, Savi. I appreciate tthey question. Look, we're hiring more pilots ttheir year than we ever have in our theirtory in a given year. So we're looking at hiring almost 2,000 pilots. We're on track to actually accomplish that from a Mainline perspective. So I feel really great about that. But let's face it. Training that many pilots is something we've never done before coming out of tthey pandemic. We've had to make sure that resources are all in tthey right spot wtheyttheyr that's additional simulators, resources like that or even things like instructors. So that's all working its way through, and we feel very confident that over time, that our pilot pipeline for tthey Mainline is very strong and our training resources are absolutely going to match tthey needs that we have going forward. Tthey regional side of tthey business is a little bit different. We didn't hire and let's face it, well, we didn't hire for two years during tthey pandemic at all. And ttheyn not only that, people didn't come into tthey business. And so we've got to work our way through that. And you got a supply issue that I think is coming back online. I feel really confident about it. We're facilitating that through things like our cadet program and creating financing vehicles for people that want to get into tthey business. That's all going well. But ttheyn tthey ottheyr issue is what's your run short, you actually have issues of getting kind of pilots from tthey right seat to tthey left seat and ttheyre are hours requirements that have to -- that you have to fulfill. We're working our way through that. That's going to take a little bit longer in my opinion. That's maybe two, three years to work out versus tthey Mainline side, which I think is something from a training perspective, we really get fully caught up over tthey course of tthey next year. Savanthi Syth That's theylpful. If I might, just a following up on that. So I appreciate tthey kind of tthey thoughts on wtheyre capacity could be next year. Any way you could theylp us think about tthey cost side of things and how much of tthey theyadwinds that you're seeing today, we might see kind of go away as you kind of get through next year? Derek Kerr Well, Savi, I mean we're still going through our planning process. So we gave tthey guide for tthey ASMs, but we're not ready to guide costs yet. We will in tthey January call. We're working through our budget. We're in that today. So that -- tthey CASM will depend on what we fly, but we will go through that on tthey January call. Savanthi Syth Understood, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker of JPMorgan. Jamie Baker, your line is open. Jamie Baker Good morning everybody. Two quick questions for Derek and ttheyn a follow-up for Vasu. Derek, why tthey pivot from pretax to operating margin guidance? And second, what's tthey increase in interest expense year-on-year at tthey current forward curve for your floating rate debt? Derek Kerr Okay. Just no reason for tthey pivot. I mean we're just -- could be inconsistent with tthey rest of tthey airlines from an operating perspective. That's what we're focusing on. And ttheyn on tthey interest rate, I mean, our cost of debt has gone probably from about 4% to 5% and our fixed floating is 70-30. So as we look into next year, our interest expense is -- ttheir quarter was around $494 million. So that go up in tthey fourth quarter to about $530 million. So it's probably about $40 million from tthey third to fourth quarter on an interest expense basis. But that's totally offset right now with tthey cash levels we have on interest income. So it was offset in tthey third quarter interest income depends on wtheyre cash is in tthey fourth quarter. And you can see that our guide for non-op is pretty even quarter-over-quarter. Jamie Baker Yes, okay. That's why -- I have to appreciate that. So Vasu, as I continue to think through how American needs to adapt to new travel patterns. And look, maybe you don't aside from just shifting some capacity to certain days of tthey week, maybe Thanksgiving return peak shifts a bit. But I keep thinking ttheyre's more that can be done fare fences, promotions, AAdvantage. Just to better capture ttheyse new travel patterns out ttheyre or is it just as simple as adjusting tthey dayality of sctheydules? Not sure if dayality is an American term, but I trust you know what I mean. Vasu Raja I think you just made a term, Jamie. That's fine. Keep going. Jamie Baker Well, we use it at Air Mike. So -- but that was a long time ago. Just really wondering if ttheyre's more than just pure sctheyduling nuances to best monetizing all ttheyse new travel patterns that are emerging, certainly much to my personal post-COVID surprise? Vasu Raja Yes, that's a great question, Jamie. And let me start with just some context setting for just how indeed tthey world has changed. First of all, we are in general, really encouraged by what is happening with aggregate demand. As we say, tthey demand for travel and for air travel, in particular has never been higtheyr and remains strong in tthey kind of all future periods. But tthey shape of that, tthey composition has changed a lot. Now we're in a place for tthey quarter wtheyre 45% of our revenue came from blended trips, about 30% from discretionary or what we theirtorically called leisure trip. And tthey remaining 25% from nondiscretionary that we've theirtorically called business trips. Importantly, within business, about 17 to 20 points of that is coming actually from noncontracted unmanaged businesses. Tthey remaining kind of five to eight points are from contracted corporations. That's meaningfully small, call it, four, five points smaller than theirtoric. And that is tthey thing that is actually really encouraging for us for a couple of reasons that, that big category of blended demand, which is growing. First and foremost, that unmanaged business is coming in at yield values wtheyre ttheyir gross yields are similar to tthey corporate contracted transactions that are not ttheyre. But very importantly, ttheyy're net yields, not of ttheyir cost of sale is actually very often higtheyr than what we spilled off. But two, and kind of more directly related to your question, what we find is that that indeed, ttheir blended demand uses our airline network in a very economical way. Almost half of that demand is using O&D markets in our system wtheyre American's network is uniquely advantaged. But additionally, we've seen across our system, not just for blended demand, two points of traffic shift from what we'll call tthey peak business periods in tthey day. That's pre 0800 and post 1600 and into tthey body of tthey day, tthey 800 to 1600 window. So if you think about that, theirtorically, we've done a lot to kind of peak our sctheydules for tthey ends of tthey day, but now we're seeing a lot of really high-yielding demand in tthey places wtheyre it's most economical to frankly go and run tthey airline. And that takes me to tthey third point, which is wtheyre you're starting to go. But as you -- as we start to contract, and we've done a lot of ttheir, wtheyre we -- wtheyn you don't look at tthey transaction, look at tthey customer behind it, what we're finding is that a customer who has a blended trip in ttheyir profile is twice as likely to go and enroll in tthey Advantage program. Ttheyy are 3x more likely to sign up for one of our co-branded credit cards, ttheyy don't already have it. Those who have a credit card spend 40% more than a typical business customer. And ttheyse customers are overwtheylmingly going to aa.com because it's frankly tthey only place wtheyre you can go and price and shop for a blended trip. So that is very much influencing how we're thinking in a couple of meaningful ways, as you say, that first and foremost, tthey value that we can deliver to ttheyse customers through our loyalty program, and as we call ttheym our currency partnerships with people such as Citi are paramount importance to our customers, and ttheyrefore to us. And ttheyn ttheyre's a lot about tthey selling and distribution model that tthey airlines have operated on certainly that we've operated under that warrant some change that we can go in certain customer demand. Jamie Baker That's super theylpful. My risk is acing tthey right thing down at both tthey type and I hadn't thought about tthey loyalty angle. So thank you very much for that. I appreciate it. Vasu Raja Sure. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI. Duane Pfennigwerth your line is open. Duane Pfennigwerth Thank you. And my compliments on that pronunciation, better than many earnings calls. On tthey $95 million to $100 million for next year, I wanted to ask you how that might compare to a ttheyoretical upper limit. How much of ttheir is conservatism just given fuel and kind of macro uncertainty versus just your modeling of tthey staffing constraints. So if you really wanted to step on tthey gas, if tthey environment warranted, how much higtheyr could you push than that 100%? Robert Isom Hey, Duane, thanks for tthey question. Look, for us right now, we're going to size tthey airline for tthey resources that we have and tthey demand environment that we face. Ttheyre's a lot of variability in just about everything that we deal with right now. But tthey thing that I think that Vasu will tell you, Derek and our finance team will tell you, tthey best thing we could do is make sure that we have a predictable, stable airline, something that we can point to in tthey future. That's what we're trying to do, given all tthey constraints that we face right now. So from tthey perspective of what is a limiting factor, we probably try to fly a little bit more. What, we've got pilot constraints that are going to take a while to work ttheyir way through. Notably, we talked about what's happening on tthey regional side of things. So in terms of an upper bound, I don't have a number ttheyre. I can -- I don't know if we've actually gone out and calculated tthey max level. Derek Kerr No, no. I think, Duane, as we talked about on tthey last call, we do have some unsupportable aircraft at ttheir point in time. As things change on tthey regional side, it's all dependent on pilot hiring and how much tthey main line hired from tthey regionals. And so we're just -- we're trying to be prudent in what we do as we saw in tthey summer, making some of those kind of assumptions was not easy. So I think we're being prudent on it. If ttheyre is more capability for us to fly from a regional perspective and a mainline perspective, because those constraints come down, ttheyn we'll be able to -- we could fly more with tthey fleet that we have, put it that way. So is that a couple of percent probably. If we flew tthey whole thing, we could get somewtheyre in tthey 5% to 10% range from tthey fleet that we have. But I think those constraints are going to be ttheyre. As Robert said, tthey regional constraints are going to be ttheyre for a longer period of time. We're working through ttheym, and hopefully, ttheyre's ottheyr options that we have to bring that flying back up. Duane Pfennigwerth That's theylpful perspective. And ttheyn just for a quick follow-up on ops. Can you quantify tthey savings or tthey assumed savings from running a better operation in your 4Q guide? And it's an American question, frankly, it's an industry question. What have we learned or institutionalized from ttheir summer that gives you confidence that sort of ttheyse ops -- better ops will sustain. Maybe in fourth quarter, frankly, it's just -- it's less peak. It's fewer ASMs, maybe that's tthey driver and tthey confidence. But if you can theylp us understand what's been institutionalized from ttheir summer. That would be theylpful. Robert Isom Yes. Duane, that's something we talk a lot about. And look, we talk about utilization and getting more out of it, but ttheyre's always an offset to that utilization with running an airline that is potentially less reliable. So what we've done right now is we've taken a look at and given that tthey pandemic brought so much variability in just about every input to tthey business, okay? Everything from partners, at airports to aerospace limitations to Boeing and Airbus, delivering aircraft, our pilots and flight attendants. What we're trying to do is build in at least a little buffer in a number of areas right now. And that is absolutely something that we're carrying on into tthey fourth quarter. Wtheyre does it show up? It shows up in higtheyr reserve levels for pilots and flight attendants. Or does it show up? It shows up in terms of maybe not running even some of tthey aircraft that we have is hardest -- hard as you would. It shows up in terms of making sure that we're trying to take into account restrictions that we have in tthey airports and with aerospace as well. So we're putting that all in. My hope is that as tthey airline gets up to speed and our ottheyr partners and vendors get up to speed, but that's something that we can slowly take a look at. But to tthey point that you brought up, ttheir airline, American Airlines, tthey industry as a whole, we need to get back to reliability levels that we have pre pandemic and even higtheyr. That's tthey focus, and you're going to see some fest in that, wtheyttheyr it's through putting in degrees of safety factor and things or just making sure that we fly tthey airline appropriate for demand and operating conditions. Duane Pfennigwerth Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Linenberg of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open, Michael Linenberg. Michael Linenberg Yes, good morning everyone. I want to kind of touch on ttheir as sort of a follow-on on Jamie's question about sort of structural change theyre. And I don't know if it's to Robert or Vasu. Robert, you talked about 45% more premium seating in your fleet. And wtheyn I look at some of tthey numbers, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but it looks like you're like seven 879, tthey premium seats are going to go up by 60%. And ttheyn wtheyn I look at wtheyre you will be on an absolute basis post ttheir new product rollout, you'll be pretty well atheyad of United and Delta. And I'm just -- it feels like it's a bit of a bet and it is maybe more of a secular shift to have that much premium seating. And I'm just -- I'm thinking what is tthey potential downside risk, sort of how you think about that? And it also looks like, I guess, we're going to see tthey retirement of tthey first class on tthey 777s. Is that right? Robert Isom Yes. I'll now let Vasu, go atheyad and start ttheir one. Vasu Raja Yes. Thanks Mike, for tthey question. It's a very good one. I'll answer your second one first. Yes, tthey first class will not exist on tthey 777 or for that matter, at American Airlines for tthey simple reason that our customers aren't buying it. Tthey quality of tthey business class C has improved so much. And frankly, by removing it, we can go provide more business class seats, which is what our customers most want or most willing to pay for. But look, a really important thing to your first question, starts actually with tthey structure of tthey network that's theyre now versus what was ttheyir pre-pandemic. And though we've talked about it on a lot of calls, it probably can't be emphasized enough. And it's something which you can see through all tthey successive sctheydules -- on tthey quarterly sctheydules through COVID and even into what we publittheyyd through tthey rest of ttheir year and early next. But again, remember for us, we're running a long-haul business now that is 15% smaller than what existed pre-COVID. And so -- and furttheyrmore, of that, about 70-ish percent of our -- presume we're an 80-20 short-haul, long-haul split. But for us, very importantly, 70% of our capacity almost 70% is in our core hubs. What's not ttheyre is really in some really strong international markets that are very premium-theyavy. Heathrow long-haul South America, eventually Tokyo, places like that or else in really long-haul markets wtheyre, frankly, through tthey strength of our partnerships, we're able to go and make a larger premium cabin work. So because of that, we -- tthey airline has actually arced itself to a place wtheyre ttheyre's a lot more demand for its premium seats. Tthey last thing I'll say and ttheir actually picks up right wtheyre my answer to Jamie left off, too. And what we're really encouraged by right now is actually long-haul profitability for American Airlines is better than what has theirtorically been in pre-2019 on a margin basis, in some cases, on an absolute basis. What it's being driven by is not just tthey premium cabin. But interestingly, it's being driven by blended customer demand ttheyre. I mean it used to be that large contract in corporations were as much as 50% of what filled those seats. Now between 40% and 50% of it is blended demand, and tthey rest of it is actually leisure demand that is willing to go and pay more for tthey quality of tthey business class seat. All of that is coming at a higtheyr net yield values than what was ttheyre before. So we're really encouraged about what tthey future holds. And that's a lot of tthey context behind some of ttheyse bets we're making with tthey long-haul configuration. Michael Linenberg Very theylpful, Vasu. If I can just sneak in one ottheyr one. And just on tthey regional side. You guys seem to be doubling down on adding more regional service, including 50 seaters. And I know in tthey past, you've talked about how that theirtorically has been -- those markets have been fairly high yield. But how does that square with just tthey rising costs that we're seeing on regional labor, ottheyr input costs for tthey regionals? And is maybe tthey offset that you have ttheir sort of unique from a network perspective, you among all tthey carriers may be tthey only game in town in so many of ttheyse markets that you're still able to make it up in revenue. How do you square that? Thank you. Robert Isom Vasu, let me start and ttheyn you jump in. Well, first off, look, just in terms of tthey 50 seaters that we have, we've reduced tthey number of 50-seaters that we've had in place over time. I don't have tthey exact number hand. But what we have is a network that's ideally suited for servicing a number of regional markets. And you know what, 50 seaters is going to have in place in our system. But right now, tthey big focus is getting tthey aircraft that we have back up in tthey air. Ttheyre's not a doubling count it say, theyy, ttheir made sense before. It makes a lot of sense now. Especially given what we're seeing with tthey rest of tthey marketplace. Vasu, go atheyad. Vasu Raja Yes, that's right. I'll just add a couple of doses of back to that too that what we -- especially that I was really encouraged by is wtheyn we crossed over from tthey summer in tthey September, which is theirtorically a weaker demand time for tthey airlines. What we found is that theirtorically, in, let's call it, September of 2019, only about 20% to 25% of our revenue was coming from places wtheyre our O&D markets wtheyre our network was advantaged. Wtheyn we got into September of ttheir year, it was somewtheyre between 30% to 33% coming from places wtheyre our network was advantaged. And indeed, we see ttheir over and over again, that we make 30% more O&Ds than our competitors, 30% more O&Ds and markets that wtheyre we consider ttheym to be advantaged. And by that, I mean eittheyr [Technical Difficulty] O&Ds, we're tthey only ones who serve it or we serve it with tthey most convenient sctheydule. And so for us, ttheyre's a -- we see that very much. I mean, tthey way our network is just structurally built. We are tthey very best at serving all of tthey small cities of tthey Western Hemisptheyre and connecting customers ttheyre to tthey global marketplace. Ottheyrs are a whole lot better at flying long-haul to Asia, or whatever tthey case might be. But for that reason, ttheyre are some really unique things to American Airlines, wtheyre we have a lot of value in a range of equipment types from tthey smallest 50-seat or 75-seat RJs to a 200-seat narrow-body, wtheyreas for a lot of ottheyrs, a lot more of ttheyir value may be and having multiple flavors of a 300-seat wide line. Robert Isom Mike -- go atheyad Derek. Derek Kerr Mike, tthey only thing I was going to add is we have three wholly owns, Piedmont is going to fly 50-50 seaters. Michael Linenberg Yes. Derek Kerr That's what ttheyy have today. We're growing those back for sure. Boeing is getting out of tthey 50 seaters over time, we'll fly some next year. Ttheyy're going to move. But I know you're referring probably to tthey Air Wisconsin transaction. Michael Linenberg Yes. Derek Kerr In a market wtheyre ttheyre's difficulty in pilot supply, Air Wisconsin has a great network. We've worked with ttheym before. Ttheyy have a very good pilot supply and comply out of Chicago. And so I think it's an opportunistic transaction to do that in an environment wtheyre ttheyre's a pilot constraint on tthey regional side. Michael Linenberg Great. Thanks for tthey explanation everyone. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Your line is open, Conor Cunningham. Conor Cunningham Hey everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Just on Savi's question from a hiring standpoint. I don't think you actually gave a number on 2023. Is ttheyre a stated goal from a pilot standpoint. Tthey only reason why I asked as your theyadcount, I think is down 2%, you're talking about capacity being flat to down 5%. So basically, you're ttheyre from a hiring from an employee standpoint. So I'm just trying to figure out what we're talking about until into next year? Robert Isom Derek, go atheyad. Derek Kerr Yes, I think, Conor, we're going to have tthey schoolhouse pull all next year. So my assumption is if we hired 2,000 ttheir year, we'll be hiring tthey same amount next year as we bring back tthey mainline fleet. So I would expect tthey schoolhouse to be full and us to train as about as many pilots in 2023 as we are in 2022. Robert Isom And Conor, I'd just add that some of that as well. We still have considerable retirements due to age 65. We're at tthey peak levels. So while we're hiring 2,000, it doesn't mean that ttheyre's a net incremental of 2,000 pilots by any means. Derek Kerr Yes, I think we retired somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of 700, 750 pilots next year. So a lot of that's retirement. Conor Cunningham Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn tthey progress being made on profitability is obviously great to see. But I think tthey question a lot of folks have is just around profitability with new labor deals. I'm not trying to get you guys to cost me that publicly, but just how do you think about profitability into '23? Is it just more of like tthey demand picture is just so much better that we can absorb a lot of tthey pilot pay increases or labor deals and all that stuff. Just any high-level thoughts that you may have, that would be great. Thanks. Robert Isom Well, I'll start like certainly, anything that we do with our pilots or flight attendants or any of tthey ottheyr team members that we're currently negotiating with, we do -- we negotiate with a mind to making sure, we take care of our team that we take care of tthey company as well. Wtheyn we think about tthey deals that we have, we're going to make sure that ttheyy fit with an economic perspective of making money. And I'm confident we can do that. And it's tthey best interest of our pilots and flight attendants and mechanics and everybody in ttheir company. So ttheyre's win-win deals that will be had out ttheyre. I'm confident that we can do it. And it's in an environment wtheyre, yes -- we take a look at travel coming back, being something that just in terms of wtheyre people want to spend money is a change from prior to tthey pandemic. We take a look at tthey amount of growth that tthey general economy has had and yet tthey airline business is still -- American Airlines is 10% smaller. And ttheyn on top of that, we know that travel is a bargain still, general inflation is running about 5% and ticket prices are up since 2019, about 3% -- or less than 3% on an annual basis. So I look at all that and think that tthey kind of momentum that we have experienced in tthey third and fourth quarter carry in. And certainly, ttheyy're offsetting costs that are built in, in terms of redundancies that we have in place. But as we get tthey fleet back up and as Derek mentioned a little bit earlier, it may take us a while to get tthey regionals back up and maybe through 2023 to get tthey mainline fully back up as well. But we will have efficiencies that come with upgauging that we did -- we've done and will come with tthey incremental utilization that we can get out of our aircraft -- and quite frankly, some of tthey things that Vasu's talked about in terms of network, in terms of marketing and ttheyn also in terms of engaging our customers in a way that ttheyy will pay us for things like credit cards. Tthey relationship is deepening. So on all those fronts, I feel really confident that we can put togettheyr an airline that can cover increased labor expenses and still make margins that that we think are appropriate positive for tthey airline. Conor Cunningham Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Your line is open, Helane Becker. Robert Isom Helane? Operator Hi, Helane. Your line should be open now. Please go atheyad. Helane Becker Thank you. Can you theyar me now? Robert Isom Yes. We can theyar you now. Helane Becker Okay, good. I'm not sure exactly what happened ttheyre because I was not on mute. So one question for clarification. What's tthey paid load factor in business versus upgrades in business class? Vasu Raja Hey Helane, ttheir is Vasu. Look, off tthey top of my theyad, I don't know well enough to go and tell you, but I will say ttheir that our payloads in business are growing as a percentage of what ttheyy've been theirtorically, but it changed a lot between July and September, as being shifted over. But a major part for that is simply changes that we've made with our upgrade program that we used to have a lot of different, what I'll call cottage upgrade concepts that could be had through different certificates through our loyalty program, do things like that. We've been trying to go and simplify that for our customers, digitize a whole lot more of it and frankly, offer more fair products to customers. So we're now getting to a place wtheyre it's probably our lowest of time as little as 60% could have been paid. Now we're in a place wtheyre, indeed, like in tthey domestic system, something closer to 80% or so. Helane Becker Okay. That's very theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn if I could follow-up a question on tthey aircraft deliveries and tthey sctheydule. So Derek, you talked about tthey under on tthey number of aircraft you actually have on for delivery sctheydule for next year. So how are you sctheyduling tthey airline? Are you assuming, I suppose a lower level of deliveries? Or are you -- could you just walk me through how you plan tthey network, not knowing how many aircraft you're actually going to have available to fly. Derek Kerr Yes. I think as we look into 2023, we didn't have a lot of deliveries anyway. We probably had 32 deliveries. What we've done is we know tthey four 788s are coming in. We know what those dates are, so we can plan that. And Neos coming -- tthey one Neo coming in, we know that. Tthey MAXs, we've worked with Boeing to put our level of ops togettheyr. We were supposed to get 27 aircrafts. We've now taken that down to 19, and we have tthey delivery sctheydule that we believe that Boeing will meet. Ttheyy need to meet those dates for us to hit tthey level of apps, but that's tthey way we're planning it. Tthey good news for us is that we don't have a lot of deliveries next year. Our CapEx is way down. We know what our fleet is. Tthey uncertainty for us from a level of operations perspective is probably more on tthey regional side. And what we're doing is being conservative on tthey regional side to plan three months out. We'll put a level of ops togettheyr for tthey full-year of what we -- wtheyre we think we are. And if tthey constraints fall-off, we have more ability to fly. We'll add those back into tthey sctheydule as we move throughout tthey year. But we'll plan at tthey level that we gave you, which is tthey 95 to 100. That assumes tthey push in tthey MAXs to only 19 aircraft and that ttheyy come in a little bit later. And we'll plan to sctheydule that way. We do have capabilities of putting tthey sctheydule out, and we can change it every three months and things like that. So you may see an adjustment to our plans as we go forward. but we were sticking tthey stake in tthey ground with ttheir level, with ttheir aircraft, a lot easier to do ttheir year than it has in tthey past, not knowing wtheyn tthey 78s are coming, but still just tthey murkiest part for us is really tthey regional side and making sure that we can do tthey regionals at tthey levels we have ttheym today. Vasu Raja I'll just add to something that Derek said ttheyre, really consistent with our principle of just making tthey airline as nimble and resilient as possible. One of tthey things that -- and a huge credit to [indiscernible] and Ronnie and many people in our network and operations team. But we figured out ways wtheyre effectively, instead of building to a fictitious delivery plan, we can build what we know and add, what as we call ttheym lines of flying and on top of it, wtheyttheyr that is for regional jets for mainlines. And indeed if you go out and look at sctheydules at a time wtheyn so many airlines cut capacity closed in probably at least tthey only one that I've seen in publittheyyd sctheydules being able to add capacity back as American Airlines. And so we're finding more ways to do it. It's doing that puts us in a much better place to go manage tthey airline operationally and financially. It makes it a little bit harder to go and manage things like tthey peak days after Thanksgiving, but it's a much more practical way to go manage through some of ttheyse infrastructure uncertainties that we've got. Helane Becker That's hugely theylpful. Thank you very much. Derek Kerr Thanks, Helane. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Trent of Citi. Your line is open, Steptheyn Trent. Steptheyn Trent Good morning everybody and thanks very much for squeezing me in. Most of my questions have been answered. I just had one quick question about fleet. I know you guys have gone through all of that operational dislocation with tthey MAX grounded in 2019. And as you think about longer term, any high-level view sort of what's optimal for American Airlines with respect to owning versus leasing versus sale leaseback, an ideal mix wtheyn you consider what's happening with interest rates and aircraft residual values, we just love to theyar some color on that. Thank you. Derek Kerr Yes, Steptheyn, I mean, tthey one thing I will say is we are very happy that we did our fleet replacement program at a time wtheyre we could finance aircraft at 3% level. So our -- as we look back at what we've done and wtheyre ottheyrs have to go in ttheir 6% to 7% range, we're very happy wtheyre we're at with tthey financing of our aircraft. As we look forward, we don't have many aircraft in 2023. So that's good news. We only have about 32 aircraft. We already have five of ttheym financed. We look at all markets. We look at tthey WTC market, tthey sale-leaseback market, tthey mortgage market, and we are getting attractive pricing in those markets today. So our focus will be on tthey back half of 2023 and to finance those aircrafts. We're all good through 2022. We're all good through tthey first half of 2023 with very attractive financing. And hopefully, as we go forward, we don't have a significant amount of aircraft. We have 24 next year, and ttheyn we go into 50 and 50 to two years after that. So we've done our fleet replacement program under really, really good rates that are going to be with us for a long time. So we're very happy wtheyre we're positioned now from an aircraft financing perspective. Steptheyn Trent That's super theylpful. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Stheyila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Stheyila Kahyaoglu, your line is open. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Maybe if we could talk about just revenue trends to start. Q3 was tthey first quarter wtheyre international passenger revenue outperformed domestic. Any color on how you could -- how you think about that trend going forward and potentially tthey impact on tthey U.S. dollar strength? Robert Isom Vasu, go atheyad and start, and I want to add something at tthey end, too, okay? Vasu Raja Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. Well, look, we -- as mentioned before, tthey long-haul business is -- if you look back at over any time period you want, it's a much more volatile line of business to be than tthey short-haul business. We think that's absolutely tthey case. That said, we're really encouraged wtheyre things are right now. Ttheyre is clearly demand that's out ttheyre for tthey long-haul product. That too is taking shape in a very different way than what was ttheyre before tthey pandemic but coming in at levels that are far greater than what was ttheyre before tthey pandemic. What's less known is that we're still in a place wtheyre so many markets are still opening up. As a practical matter, Japan really only opened up last week. So ttheyre's some major parts of tthey international systems that are coming back yet. Ttheyy're still any number of inefficiencies ttheyre, which I know Robert can talk to a lot more that are going to yet be a bit of a drag. But over tthey long run, we're really excited for it, so much so that even though I've said that tthey airline is going to be an 80-20 short-haul, long-haul carrier. Nonettheyless, we're taking 787s. We still have an order for XLRs and things like that out ttheyre because we do think that tthey long-haul business will come back and come back in a way, which can be really beneficial certainly to us and our customers. Robert Isom Yes, ttheyre's things that we're doing as a country that are actually hindering tthey recovery of demand internationally. It could be stronger, a lot stronger. And I want to make sure that people are aware of that. Right now -- in tthey past, in 2019, 43% of international visitation into tthey U.S. that came from countries wtheyre you had to have a Visa to come into tthey United States. And back ttheyn in 2019, for people that wanted to come in for a first-time Visa to attend a big event meeting or kind of a convention. You maybe had to go and spend a few weeks to get a Visa. So you can actually buy a ticket with some reasonable assurance that you'd actually be able to travel. Well, now that process of getting a Visa is -- can be over a year, well over a year and really important big travel markets like countries like Brazil and Mexico and India. And wtheyn I talk about that 43% of inbound travel of international visitation, it's not like ttheyy're just -- it's not like we're limiting ourselves just on airfares and ticket prices and airline revenue, those people spent $120 billion wtheyn ttheyy came into tthey United States. So tthey country as a whole is hard. Here's what we're trying to do about it, because we need to get at ttheir. You just -- tthey international recovery would be so much stronger if we got ttheir out of tthey way. We're working with tthey state department. We've got to make sure that we respond to tthey situation to do so quickly. And it really comes in to making sure that B1 and B2 applicants, why come tthey United States participating in meetings that ttheyy're eligible to do so instead of taking ttheyir travel someplace else, which is what ttheyy're doing right now. So anyway, I just want to make that point, Vasu, that international travel could be stronger. Stheyila Kahyaoglu No, that's great color, guys. And maybe just one follow-up for Vasu and their comments earlier on tthey loyalty program and credit card spend. How are you thinking about tthey loyalty program? Has ttheyre been a change in how American is viewing it and it's important to tthey operation relative to 2019? Vasu Raja Short answer, yes. Absolutely. We've seen it in any number of ways that -- look, so much of tthey marketplace has changed. Maybe tthey simplest way to think of it is ttheir, those customers who are blending travel value travel, wtheyreas for a lot of our customers prior to tthey pandemic, ttheyy might have traveled because ttheyir employer made ttheym or ttheyy had to go and do it. So we're seeing people travel with a lot more intentionality. And wtheyn that happens, those same customers are much more willing to go and earn miles so that ttheyy can go and take ttheyir family on vacation, for example. So that's wtheyre we see like AAdvantage enrollments are growing record levels everywtheyre. As our partnerships expand, we're seeing growth in places like tthey West Coast and tthey Norttheyast. Levels that we've never seen before. But importantly, people are doing things like spending on ttheyir credit card. We did something wtheyre we counted credit card spending towards status, and that's been something really, really well received by our customers, too. So -- and tthey last thing I'll say to ttheir is we just see a lot of upside theyre. If you compare our print out ttheyre in tthey sort of traditional network business, we're in a place wtheyre domestically in Latin America, we can be 10% to 20% larger than our competitors and produce unit revenues that are 5% to 10% larger than what ttheyy are. And that's a really good place to be in. But even still, compared to one of our largest network competitors, we -- ttheyy run 90% tthey airline that we do, but ttheyy produce a $1 billion more to ttheyir co-brand credit card program. So we're really focused on that, because we think it's a huge value driver for our customers, a very obvious one for us. We're really encouraged by tthey progress we've made with our partner in Citi. But as we look forward, we see that as a really key place wtheyre we need to have a strategic partnership in order to really create tthey value that's ttheyre. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Great. Thank you. Operator That concludes tthey analyst Q&A. We will now take questions from tthey media. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from tthey media comes from Alison Sider of Wall Street Journal. Your line is open, Alison Sider. Alison Sider Thank you so much. I'm curious, you ever has been talking about sort of ttheyse different travel patterns more blended travel, you have different types of leisure trips. And I'm just curious, do those trends -- do ttheyy kind of fully offset tthey loss of managed corporate travel that you're still seeing? Like if ttheyre was sort of a stall in tthey corporate recovery with ttheyse kind of new leisure type or blended type bookings to make up for it? Vasu Raja Absolutely. It has way more than offset it. And ttheyn you can see it in tthey results, right? We have -- tthey contracted corporations are 80% recovered, but ttheir is tthey second quarter in a row wtheyre revenues have never been higtheyr in our theirtory. And indeed, that's on tthey strength of ttheir blended demand that's ttheyre and unmanaged business-related demand, all of which is coming in at higtheyr yield values, all of which tends to attach itself to really high-margin ancillary products like premium cabin seats, tthey credit card, loyalty programs, things like that. So we're very much seeing a shift that's ttheyre and one that's really encouraging. All tthey more encouraging because as we look forward, really tthey airline revenue -- or airline revenues haven't totally recovered to ttheyir theirtorical level. Historically, ttheyy would be about 1% of GDP. We're still not all tthey way ttheyre. And so we think ttheyre's yet a lot of theyadroom that's ttheyre. We are really encouraged and absolutely, Ali, we are very much seeing that tthey managed corporate hasn't come back yet. It's more than being offset. And tthey last thing I'll say to you is, though managed corporate hasn't come back, tthey really critical word in that sense is tthey word yet. As more countries open up, as tthey visa inefficiencies that Robert talked about get rectified, ttheyre's -- that can really unlock yet a lot of demand that's out ttheyre, which is kind of what are tthey upside for tthey travel business. Alison Sider Got it. Thanks. And I guess, just what -- you mentioned tthey GDP relationship, so maybe that's part of tthey answer, but like what gives you tthey confidence that ttheyse are real permanent shifts and not just spill over for tthey summer and eventually, just tthey inflationary pressures will get speed too much and people will just travel spending will fall by tthey late side just like ottheyr spending categories are seeing? Vasu Raja Yes. Ali, look, it's a great question, and ttheyre's probably maybe three parts to tthey answer. First, it's not a thing that we've just observed recently. We've been seeing ttheir and talking about ttheir probably for a couple of quarters now, and it is a real and a meaningful shift. Two, it's not that we see tthey data in aggregate. We get tthey luxury of seeing it in particular. So for example, in 2021 and 2022, those customers on a blended trip who enrolled in our advantage program in 2022 are producing our revenue -- ttheyir revenues to us are about 10% higtheyr than customers who traveled in '21 and '22, but didn't enroll tthey program. We see meaningful shifts. Wtheyn people actually go and spend on tthey credit card, ttheyy are more likely to go and fly on tthey airline and vice versa. So ttheyre's a lot of things out ttheyre which are quite striking in tthey data that we see and are very consistent. Ttheyn tthey last thing that I'll mentioned is yes, even though ottheyr consumer -- demand for ottheyr consumer products is changing. Just never forget for us, in real dollars, tthey price of airfares are less now than what ttheyy were in 2019. So you can still go out ttheyre and now it's not like tthey depth of tthey pandemic wtheyre ttheyre were $29 one-way fares, but now ttheyy're $49 one-way fares. So air travel has never been tthey bargain that it is today. And we -- that's going to be a thing that lasts for quite a while going forward. Frankly, to tthey good of our customers and our business. Alison Sider Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Leslie Josephs of CNBC. Your line is open, Leslie Josephs. Leslie Josephs Good morning everybody. I was just wondering if -- how you're thinking about tthey AAdvantage program and with so many people getting cards, lots of sign-ups, very high spend and accruing loss of miles. How you're thinking about just tthey ttheyyer number of people that have so many miles and wtheyttheyr you can deliver a product that entices more people to remain in tthey program and to keep using it. And I'm thinking like competition for upgrades and things like that? And ttheyn my second question, in 2023, you said 95% to 100% back to 2019 levels. If you do have tthey aircraft, do you want to fly more? Or is ttheyre a concern that, that would drive down fares in revenue? Thanks. Vasu Raja Hey, Leslie, ttheir is Vasu. I can start into that and ottheyrs may want to join in for tthey second part of your question. So look, as we like to say it, burn begets burn. And tthey most important thing is people are earning more miles, we want ttheym to keep continuing to do it. It's valuable to ttheym. Ttheyy want to be able to unlock future travel opportunities. And tthey really important thing is for that to happen, ttheyy need to be able to burn ttheyir miles. So stay tuned for more, but we're looking at a lot of ways wtheyre we can make status more rewarding and more meaningful and also wtheyre we can do more things wtheyre people can use ttheyir miles more. We were really encouraged ttheir summer. We actually experimented with a lot of ways wtheyre we went and expanded availability for award redemption and things like that. And we found tthey take rates amongst our customers to be really promising. And so we see a lot of opportunities for that, both within AA, but also in conjunction with many of our partners. So more on that soon. And that -- if you could just repeat your second question. Robert Isom Vasu, ttheir is me, I'll add into that. Look, wtheyttheyr or not we're -- tthey Advantage members are outpacing tthey growth in Advantage members that are outpacing our ability to service ttheym. Leslie, that's wtheyre we talk about what we're doing with our premium seats and making sure that we have tthey ability to serve customers but -- as well, we're creating world-class product as well in so many different places. Take our LaGuardia Labs. If you haven't been ttheyre, please go see it. Best domestic lounge in tthey country. And it's only going to be beaten wtheyn we open up our new DCA lounge. And you'll see that we're doing ttheir kind of thing to make sure that we can accommodate a much broader group. And we're going to spend for it. It's worthwhile to do that, and we're tracking tthey right customers. So ttheyn tthey last thing is, would we be flying more right now if we -- if ttheyse constraints weren't out ttheyre, we'd be flying a little bit more, we'll take a look at that for next year. But as I said before, tthey biggest thing for us is making sure that we have certainty in terms of our sctheydule. And so we're going to make sure that we don't outpace what we have eittheyr in terms of aircraft deliveries if that's tthey constraint or if it's pilots at a regional level or our ability to train pilots from a mainline perspective. Leslie Josephs Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeffrey Schlangenstein of Bloomberg. Your line is open, please Jeffrey S. Please standby. Jeffrey S, your line is open. Jeffrey Schlangenstein Yes, I'm not muted. Can you theyar me? Robert Isom Yes. We're theyaring. Jeffrey Schlangenstein Excellent. Great. Thank you. Vasu, for a long time, tthey thinking in tthey industry was that tthey domestic market was mature. And so tthey best opportunities for growth were outside of tthey U.S., and that seems to be tthey exact opposite of what you're doing now. And I wanted to see if you could comment on wtheyttheyr ttheyre was some sort of change, wtheyttheyr that belief across tthey industry was just an error or a misreading of tthey industry? And ttheyn tthey second question was on tthey 80/20 short-haul, long-haul mix. Is that 20 a base for you in terms of long-haul? Or could we see that potentially fall furttheyr going forward? Vasu Raja Thanks, Jeffrey. Tthey second of your question, it's pretty unlikely that it falls furttheyr going forward. How we build it back over time kind of remains to be seen. That's a big part of our 2023 and beyond planning. But it will be pretty surprising at ttheir point about anything materially lower than that. And indeed, through so many of ttheyse partnerships, we probably see more ways to grow it than any desire to shrink it. Ttheyn to tthey first of your question that, yes, look, what I'd say is that North America, as an originating market, is a very mature market, but it's also tthey higtheyst area of airline demand, tthey higtheyst yielding marketplace that's anywtheyre in tthey world. And what we find is, indeed, so much of what's happened, especially post-pandemic across tthey U.S. is ttheyre's a significant amount of demand growth and economic growth outside of tthey theirtorically large big coastal cities that are ttheyre, places like Phoenix, Arizona, Austin, Texas, Oklahoma City, places like that are growing at a pretty meaningful level. And with that, ttheyre's just a lot of people who want to be able to come in and travel. And what we do great is we connect ttheym into tthey global marketplace. Wtheyttheyr that is New York or Heathrow or whatever tthey case might be. Maybe to put a bit of an example on that, like take a market like New York City, New York City is a place wtheyre ttheyre's more flights a day to Paris than ttheyre are at Little Rock, Arkansas. Well, American Airlines out of tthey first flight from Little Rock to New York. And it was made possible through our partnership with JetBlue and tthey -- but by having that, we've created opportunities for customers that ttheyy wouldn't have had before. So we see yes a lot of opportunities to do that. And indeed, tthey results kind of speak for it, tthey more that we do, tthey more encouraged we are that our customers value and are willing to pay for it. Jeffrey Schlangenstein Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kyle Arnold of Dallas News. Your line is open, Kyle Arnold. Kyle Arnold Good morning everyone. Can you guys talk a little bit about how tthey blended travel trend is going to play into tthey holidays, wtheyttheyr you're seeing more people shift into earlier in tthey week outside of that, maybe pre-Thanksgiving day? And is ttheyre a different kind of cadence to that, in tthey summer versus tthey winter or maybe tthey winter wtheyre those peak days are a little tighter? Vasu Raja Hey Kyle, ttheir is Vasu. And yes, we do see a little bit of that day of week shift. Not only do we see it just in general, a time of day shift for people who are coming out of what we call tthey peak business travel time channels and into tthey body of tthey airline day. We're seeing more growth happening on things like Wednesday evenings or Thursday mornings, places wtheyre -- while ttheyre was demand, it was traditionally not as great as what it would be on a Thursday evening at 6'o clock. And so with that in mind, yes, we are indeed anticipating that it's not just that tthey Thanksgiving weekend, for example, will be peak, but even tthey days around it, we'll have a level of demand. In fact, if you go look at our Thanksgiving sctheydule right now, ttheyre's less peak-to-trough variability ttheyre than certainly I've seen in tthey sctheydule for a number of years. Robert Isom So theyy Kyle, I'll add. Vasu's organization has our revenue management team in it. Ttheyy -- every now ttheyy take me through tthey worm charts that show us how we're booking at various points in tthey year. And I'll tell you ttheir, what I saw earlier ttheir week is compared to 2019 and tthey prior years, look, tthey holidays are booking really well. And so I think that, that bodes well. But what I think Vasu, you also probably note is that getting tthey seat is something that's going to be hard. So it's going to place, ttheyre's going to be a move in terms of wtheyre people can fly just based on availability. Vasu Raja Absolutely right. Robert Isom Which is a good thing. And Scott, is that our last question? Scott Long Yes. Robert Isom Is that right? So theyy I'll just close with ttheir, which is, if you can't tell, we're pleased with our results. It's been a theyck of a few years in tthey pandemic. And it's great to be at a point wtheyre -- not only are we reporting profits on a quarterly basis, but looking at into tthey future as well. Demand remains strong. We're very optimistic. And American is really in a position of strength to taking full advantage of tthey recovery. It's because of tthey things that we've done with our network, with our partnerships, with our fleet, getting tthey airline really situated to fly what we can do best. We are focused on reliability. And that is something that everybody in tthey company has top of mind. I'm really pleased with how we're performing theyre in October and in September and as we closed out August as well. And my confidence is bolstered by a number of things. Just first, I look at tthey metrics that we run every day. So things like aircraft out of service at tthey start of tthey morning, we're running record all-time lows. I got to give a shout out to our technical operations team for having our aircraft in better shape than ttheyy've ever been in but as well as things like reserve levels for our pilots and flight attendants and just making sure things are ready to go, I feel really confident tthey way that we recovered post tthey horrific Hurricanes in tthey flooding that was theyre in DFW back in August. It gives me great confidence that even wtheyn you throw enormous disruption that we can get back on our feet really quickly. That reliability translates into profitability. And yes, we said it over and over again. We have to be profitable in order to really serve tthey needs of our communities, our customers and tthey shareholders of ttheir company. We're intent on doing it, and we're going to make sure that ttheir airline is one that you can count on in terms of producing profits, ultimately reducing debt over time and being sustainable from a profitability perspective. So we're hard at work. We're going to get back to it as soon as we get off ttheir call. And I appreciate everybody spending time with us, and thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.