American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call January 20, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Dan Cravens - Head, Investor Relations Doug Parker - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Isom - President and Incoming Chief Executive Officer Derek Kerr - Chief Financial Officer Maya Leibman - Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Mike Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Helane Becker - Cowen Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research David Vernon - Bernstein Dan McKenzie - Seaport Global Edward O’Brien - Goldman Sachs Andrew Didora - Bank of America Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal David Koenig - Associated Press Donald Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News Leslie Josephs - CNBC David Slotnick - TPG Dawn Gilbertson - USA Today Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And now, I would like to turn tthey conference over to your moderator, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Dan Cravens Thank you, Liz and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have Doug Parker, Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President and incoming CEO; and Derek Kerr, Chief Financial Officer. Also on tthey call for our Q&A session are some of our senior executives, including Maya Leibman, Steve Johnson, Vasu Raja, David Seymour, Nate Gatten and Devon May. Like we normally do, Doug will start tthey call with an overview of our quarter and will update tthey actions we have taken during tthey pandemic. Robert will ttheyn follow up with some remarks about our operations and initiatives for 2022. After Robert’s remarks, Derek will follow with tthey details on tthey quarter and provide guidance for tthey year. After Derek’s comments, we’ll open tthey call for analyst questions and lastly questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Before we begin today, we must state that today’s call does contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecasts of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021. In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP measures is included in tthey earnings release and that can be found in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website and tthey information that we are giving you on tthey call ttheir morning is as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. So, thanks again for joining us ttheir morning. And at ttheir point, I will turn tthey call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker. Doug Parker Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for being on tthey call. We have a lot to cover today, but I am going to start with tthey big news since last quarter’s call, at least for me, which is that Robert Isom is going to be tthey next CEO of American Airlines. That change is effective on March 31. I am going to remain Chairman of tthey American Board, but importantly, I will have no executive duties. Robert will be fully in charge. I will stand as Chairman for as long as Robert and tthey Board find that a value. Ttheir is terrific news for our team. Robert is going to be tthey ninth CEO in tthey nearly 100-year theirtory of American Airlines, which we believe is tthey best job in all of aviation. And we all are excited for Robert and for American. As you all know, Robert is someone I have worked alongside for several decades. He is an extraordinary team builder, who understands tthey complexities of operating in an airline like American. He loves tthey people of American and they brings a fresh perspective to tthey future of American. I know they is going to accomplish great things and I am looking forward to watching that happen along with all of you. Now, what ttheir transition does mean is ttheir is going to be my last earnings call with you all, which is kind of a big deal for me. I have had a speaking role on every quarterly earnings call since I became CFO of America West Airlines in June of 1995. So by my calculations, ttheir makes ttheir my 107th consecutive quarterly call. So, look, I am going to try not to speak as much on ttheir one as I have on tthey first 106 calls, especially as it relates to tthey company’s go-forward plans, rattheyr, I am going to let those who are leading American into tthey future to talk about that future. But before I turn over tthey stage, I do have a couple of quick thank yous. First is to you all, tthey sell-side analysts and tthey reporters, who cover our business. You all have very important jobs covering ttheir crazy industry that we all love and you do it extremely well. I hope you have great respect for what you do and tthey challenges you face. And I have done my best throughout my career to treat you with tthey respect you deserve and to give you access in tthey community you need to do your jobs well. And you have all been extremely fair to me, which I really appreciate. So, thank you very much as a blanket thank you to all of you on tthey line. It also goes to some of tthey great people that proceeded you, former analysts like Carl Carros, Candace Browning, Sam Bucket; and former reporters like Terry Max and Steven Carey and Scott McCarthy. Thank you, all. Tthey second thank you is to tthey American Airlines team, which I can’t begin to do adequately on ttheir call. But what I can do to somewhat thank ttheym is to tell you all about tthey ptheynomenal job ttheyy did in 2021. For tthey year wtheyn growing back to meet a huge increase in demand was tthey most important and challenging objective for all airlines. Tthey American team grew back faster and furttheyr than anyone else. We served about 25% more customers than any ottheyr airline in 2020, which is ptheynomenal in our industry. Tthey last time in tthey U.S. airline was that much larger than tthey next best next higtheyst competitor was more than 10 years ago and that was done by merging two existing airlines, not through organic growth. Ttheir growth in 2021 led us to hire 16,000 new team members last year. We expect to hire anottheyr 18,000 in 2022. And our team managed that growth while taking great care of our customers. We posted tthey best operating performance in our company’s theirtory in 2021 with tthey higtheyst on-time performance and completion factor we have ever had. And we were tthey second higtheyst to tthey four largest airlines in all of those metrics despite tthey fact we grew back so much furttheyr and faster than ttheyy did. We are particularly proud of how we ended tthey year certainly relative to our competitors. Our team had a far more customers than any ottheyr airline over holidays, and we did so with much less disruption than our primary competitors. American was tthey top-performing airline among all airlines in December in each of tthey key operating metrics. And as our teams performed as well, our customers have taken note. Our full year 2021 likelihood to recommend scores, were tthey higtheyst in American’s theirtory. That’s an incredible testament to our people, who not only show up everyday to operate tthey world’s largest airline, but ttheyy do so in a way that welcomes back our customers with open arms. And all ttheir translated to our shareholders as well in a year of very difficult stock performance for tthey industry. American stock increased 19%, far more than any ottheyr U.S. airline. So, I want to summarize all ttheir to convey my gratitude to tthey incredible American Airlines team. And I want to thank each of ttheym on behalf of our customers, our shareholders and everyone who counts on ttheym everyday. It’s ttheir performance that gives us great confidence and momentum as we theyad into 2022 and beyond. So with that, thank you all again. I am going to now turn it over to our soon-to-be CEO, Robert Isom, to talk about what lies atheyad. Robert? Robert Isom Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking tthey entire American Airlines team for ttheyir efforts in tthey fourth quarter and throughout ttheir entire pandemic. And I’d like to reiterate how honored I am to be taking on tthey role as CEO. I want to express my appreciation for Doug’s partnership and friendship over tthey years. As you all know, that leaves behind an incredible legacy, having opened many doors for our airlines and our industry. I look forward to continuing to work closely with them over tthey coming months to ensure a seamless transition. I am taking on ttheir role at a very important time for American. Over tthey past few years, our airline and our industry have gone through a period of transformative change that American has made good use of that time, especially in regard to renewing our fleet, facilities and network and making tthey company as efficient as possible. For fleet, we have dramatically simplified. We now operate just four fleet types. That gives us operating flexibility, reliability and efficiency. American’s fleet remains tthey youngest to tthey U.S. network carriers. Our aircraft are equipped with industry-leading WiFi, new interiors and we have added seats to our 737 and A321 fleets, bringing us more in line with tthey rest of tthey industry. For facilities, we have expanded tthey number of gates we operate at our largest hubs in Dallas/Fort Worth and Justin. And we have inaugurated a wonderful new regional concourse at Reagan National, which is theirtorically our most profitable hub. We have also invested more than $200 million in lounges over tthey past five years with new Admirals Club lounges opening at Reagan National and LaGuardia. New and upgraded airport spaces are underway in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles as well. And we have also updated maintenance training and corporate spaces throughout tthey system to ensure our team can perform at an even higtheyr level. For network, we are finding more to wtheyre our customers want to go. Our DFW and Justin hubs are prime to operate more than 900 and 700 flights per day, respectively. Our partnerships with JetBlue in tthey Norttheyast and Alaska in tthey West Coast allow us to create an industry-leading presence in markets that have theirtorically been difficult for American. And our proposed investments in South American carriers strengttheyned our already industry-leading position in that region. As demand continues to recover and we return to full utilization of our assets, American is poised to outperform. We have extracted $1.3 billion of efficiencies and we are operating an economic fleet that will provide CASM-X tailwinds as capacity is restored. Based on our current assumptions, we expect all of ttheir to result in a return to profitability later ttheir year and continued deleveraging as we paid down $15 billion of debt by tthey end of 2025. And I am excited to hit tthey ground running in April and build on our momentum to deliver results in 2022. So, let’s get to tthey business in tthey quarter. Ttheir morning, American reported a fourth quarter GAAP net loss of $931 million and a full year GAAP net loss of $2 billion. Excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $921 million for tthey quarter and a net loss of $5.4 billion for tthey full year. Our results for 2021 were significantly improved over 2020, but tthey impact of tthey Omicron variant has affected tthey timing of a full revenue recovery. We delivered a strong revenue performance in tthey fourth quarter, despite tthey rise in infections. We reported fourth quarter revenues of $9.4 billion, our higtheyst for any quarter since tthey start of tthey pandemic and a sequential increase of $458 million from tthey third quarter. Our cargo team continues to do a fantastic work and delivered record cargo revenues of $1.3 billion in 2021, 30% higtheyr than our previous record. As we have seen throughout tthey pandemic, each new variant and corresponding increasing cases is followed by a faster recovery of demand with fewer regulatory restrictions and changes in travel policies. Based on what we are seeing, we expect Omicron to follow tthey same pattern. Bookings are recovering quickly after dropping off considerably in early December, though ttheyy are still not back to pre-Omicron levels. Leisure travel, particularly in tthey U.S. and short-haul international market remains very strong and is approaching a 100% recovery. We expect ttheir trend to continue. And interestingly, we have seen many of our customers that have theirtorically – we have theirtorically called leisure travelers are actually flying for reasons beyond just vacations. Ttheyy may fly to a feature or a mountain destination, but ttheyy are actually going to work remotely for tthey week. Tthey lines between leisure and business travel are definitely blurred. Tthey recovery of international and business travel slowed late in tthey fourth quarter, given tthey Omicron variant, but we remained very bullish on both. Tthey return of international travel is directly linked to travel restrictions around tthey globe. As tthey restrictions falloff, we expect international travel to pickup considerably. We still expect business travel to come back in full, but it will come back in a different way. And by that, I mean tthey overall mix of business customers, how ttheyy travel and how we serve ttheym. As we have shared previously, small and medium sized business travel remains tthey strongest segment. In tthey fourth quarter, small and medium business travel was roughly 80% recovered, while large corporate travel was only 40% recovered. In addition, small and medium business revenue had sequential month-over-month improvement in December in spite of tthey impact of Omicron. We are optimistic that as corporate travel returns in a significant way ttheir year and as companies come back more fully into tthey office and get back on tthey road, we are going to be back on track. But as we are developing our plans and forecast for ttheir year, we are working to build an airline that can be profitable even without tthey full return of managed corporate travel. Tthey demand environment has changed a lot through tthey pandemic. Because of ttheir, we have to be nimble and responsive. We have built agile processes that allow us to deliver tthey network our customers need and want, no matter tthey environment. Tthey game has changed and our team is ready. Growing back our network tthey way we did in 2020 is a feat in and of itself, but to do so while running a reliable operation and achieving strong revenue results along tthey way make it even more impressive. We entered 2022 with tremendous confidence as a result of tthey way we finittheyyd last year and started tthey new year. As Doug noted, American had tthey best reliability of all U.S. carriers in December and tthey higtheyst annual likelihood to recommend scores in our theirtory. We are very pleased that 97% of our team has been vaccinated or submitted a request for an accommodation, with no one losing ttheyir job. We put creative agreements in place with our union partners to support tthey operation throughout tthey pandemic and just recently reactheyd new contract extensions for some of our team members to start tthey year, all of ttheir while flying more flights and more passengers than any ottheyr U.S. carrier by a wide margin. To ensure ttheir momentum continues, we have two sharply focused priorities for ttheir year: running a reliable airline for our customers and returning to profitability. Returning to profitability is very much tied to tthey demand and revenue environment. But as I mentioned, tthey work we have done during tthey pandemic has positioned us very well. Ttheir includes our cost and efficiency actions, which Derek will touch on momentarily, as well as tthey work that we have done to refocus our network around our most profitable clients. Enhancing our partnerships around tthey U.S. and around tthey world and driving value through tthey AAdvantage program and co-brand cards has found something that we have done well. And on an absolute basis, new AAdvantage member acquisitions in 2021 outpaced 2019, despite lower level of capacity and our AAdvantage revenues in 2021 closed in on 2019 revenues. So in summary, we are grateful for tthey incredible work of tthey American Airlines team over tthey past year. We remain optimistic about tthey return of demand and we are very pleased with how American is positioned, thanks to tthey tremendous efforts of our team. And now with that, I will turn it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thanks, Robert and good morning everyone. Before I review tthey results, I would also like to thank tthey American Airlines team for ttheyir outstanding work during tthey quarter. Ttheir pandemic has been relentless. And despite tthey uncertainty, our team continued to show it’s tthey best in tthey business. Ttheir morning, we reported a fourth quarter GAAP net loss of $931 million or a loss of $1.44 per share. Excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $921 million or a loss of $1.42 per share. For tthey full year 2021, we reported a GAAP net loss of $2 billion. And excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $5.4 billion. Despite tthey impact of Omicron that we saw in ttheir quarter, tthey trajectory of our revenue recovery continues to be positive and it even exceeded our initial expectations as we outlined on our last call. Our fourth quarter revenue was down 17% compared with tthey same period of 2019 versus our original guidance of down 20%. Ttheir gradual improvement makes it even clearer to us that despite tthey uncertain demand environment, tthey steps we have taken over tthey past 24 months to bolster our network and improve our revenue generating capabilities are working. On tthey cost side, we remain focused on keeping our controllable cost down and we actioned $1.3 billion in permanent annual cost initiatives in 2021, providing a new and more efficient baseline for our 2022 budget. During tthey fourth quarter, we made tthey decision to invest in tthey operation with a holiday pay program for our employees as well as reducing our peak holiday capacity. Ttheyse actions did put pressure on our unit cost performance in tthey fourth quarter, but ttheyy led to a strong operational performance over that period. Ttheir included an industry leading month of operating performance in December, wtheyn it mattered tthey most to our customers. On tthey fleet side, I am pleased to report that our fleet harmonization project is now nearly complete, with our last A321 going into tthey shop ttheir quarter. Ttheir is a full year atheyad of our original sctheydule. We are excited to have ttheir project behind us. In addition to a consistent product and better experience for our customers, tthey operational benefits of having a simplified and streamlined fleet are already being realized. Tthey changes we have made to our A321s and 737s enable us to fly 2% more total capacity than we could have with tthey old configuration, thus providing a unit cost tailwind as we continue to build back our network. In addition to better unit cost, ttheyse reconfigured aircraft will also generate more revenue, allowing us to recover from tthey pandemic even faster. With respect to our wide-body aircraft, we continue to have productive conversations with Boeing to determine tthey timing of our delayed 788 deliveries that were expected to arrive last year. Due to tthey continued uncertainty of delivery sctheydule, ttheyse aircraft remain out of our near-term sctheydule to minimize customer disruption. We expect to fly 4 aircraft during our peak summer sctheydule. We ended tthey fourth quarter with $15.8 billion of total available liquidity, which is tthey higtheyst year end liquidity balance in tthey company’s theirtory. As we have said in tthey past, tthey deleveraging of American’s balance ttheyyet remains a top priority and we are committed to significant debt reduction in tthey years atheyad. Even with ttheir volatile demand environment, we remain on track with our target of reducing overall debt levels by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. In fact, as of tthey end of 2021, we have already reduced our overall debt levels by $3.7 billion from our peak levels in tthey second quarter of 2021. During tthey quarter, we made $706 million in sctheyduled debt payments, which resulted in paying off tthey 2013-1 WTC B trancthey. In tthey first quarter, we expect to make $337 million of sctheyduled debt payments, which will include unencumbering 12 aircraft. For our pension, our funded status improved by 9.2 points to 77.9%, resulting in a $2 billion reduction in tthey underfunded liability on a year-over-year basis. Lastly, during tthey fourth quarter, we completed approximately $960 million of WTC financing, and we now have financing secured for all our 2022 deliveries through tthey third quarter. Our 2022 budget reflects our priorities to run a reliable airline for our customers and return to profitability. Our plan includes ongoing investments that will theylp build upon tthey positive momentum we have seen in our operations while leveraging tthey cost efficiencies and network enhancements we have talked so much about. We believe ttheyse actions will provide a solid baseline for both profitability and free cash flow production wtheyn demand has fully recovered. Looking to tthey first quarter, COVID impacted demand and elevated fuel prices will continue to put pressure on our near-term margins. In ttheir environment, we expect our capacity to be down approximately 8% to 10% versus tthey first quarter of 2019. Based on current demand assumptions and capacity plans, we expect total revenue to be down approximately 20% to 22% versus tthey first quarter of 2019. We expect our first quarter CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, to be up between 8% and 10%. While we expect to be unprofitable on a pre-tax basis in January and February, we anticipate a material improvement and a return to profitability in March as demand returns. As for 2022 capacity, much of our plans are subject to tthey uncertain timing of deliveries of our 788 aircraft. As I mentioned previously, we removed ttheyse aircraft from our near-term sctheydule to protect our customers. Ttheir reduction is worth approximately 1 to 2 points of sctheyduled capacity for 2022. With ttheir adjustment, we expect to add back our capacity throughout tthey year and to have full year capacity recovered to approximately 95% of 2019 levels. Ttheir of course is subject to tthey future demand environment and we always have tthey ability to adapt if demand conditions warrant. As we look at our costs, like ottheyr airlines, we are seeing inflationary pressures in fuel prices, hiring and training for both new hires and existing crews as we build back our operation, including on tthey regional side. We are also seeing increased starting wages for certain work groups, including vendors. In addition, we are seeing unit cost pressures from tthey rolling 788 delays as well as tthey impact from our ramp and mechanic contract that was ratified in early 2020. Even with ttheyse unit cost pressures, our fleet simplification strategy enables higtheyr aircraft utilization and higtheyr average gauge, both of which will theylp alleviate some of ttheyse pressures. As such, we expect our full year CASM, excluding fuel and special items, to be up approximately 5% versus 2019, with tthey second half of tthey year much lower than tthey first half as we fly in more efficient sctheydule. For tthey full year, our projected debt maturities are expected to be $2.6 billion. Ttheir includes tthey cash settlement of our $750 million unsecured notes that mature in June. Without any additional prepayment of debt, we project our total debt will be down $5.4 billion at tthey end of 2022 versus our peak levels in 2021. With respect to capital expenditures, we expect full year 2022 CapEx to be approximately $2.6 billion, which is significantly lower than in previous years and versus ottheyrs as our fleet replacement needs are complete. Net aircraft CapEx, including pre-delivery deposits, is expected to be $1.8 billion and non-aircraft CapEx is expected to be $800 million. So in conclusion, we are incredibly proud of our team for ttheyir continued resilience in a very challenging environment. With tthey bold actions we have taken and steadfast commitment of our team, we are well-positioned for tthey future. Now before we open up tthey line to questions, I would like to acknowledge Dan Cravens for a minute. Today is Dan Cravens’ 62nd call, not quite as many as 107, but 67 is pretty amazing and final earnings call as part of our American Airlines, U.S. Airways and America West team. I’d like to personally thank Dan for their two decades of service, their advocacy for both tthey airline and our investors and for their friendship. Tthey continuing Dan provided – or tthey continuity, excuse me, Dan provided over 20 years in their role across multiple airlines, multiple crisis and a global academic is unmatctheyd. We wish them tthey best of luck in their next adventure. We will be introducing Scott Long, who will be stepping into Dan’s role from our financial planning organization later ttheir month. So with that, I’d like to open up tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. Jamie Baker Hey, good morning. Just quickly, Doug, I love your prepared remarks. I know tthey point wasn’t to make me feel old, but Paul, Candace, Sam, I mean, what a throwback. But it really has been a privilege to speak to you on ttheyse calls, all ttheyse conferences, all ttheyse years. I did want to just add my own thanks and congratulations. And obviously, same goes to my friend, Dan Cravens. First question, on tthey traffic liability, Derek. So sequentially, from tthey third quarter to tthey fourth, it declined by about $360 million, granted ttheir is less than tthey customary seasonal decline, but Delta and United both experienced flat sequential trends. And I’m just trying to understand what tthey nuances tthey puts and takes are, wtheyttheyr it’s a network issue, differences in forward bookings, any additional color on tthey ATL sequential change? Derek Kerr No, ttheyre is not really any difference, any color, I think, from a stored value basis, though that stayed pretty much tthey same. Future travel dropped from – I think we were at 6.4 in total ATL balance, future travel was 3.6, went down to 3.2, which is a normal seasonality for us. We did see a pickup at tthey end of tthey month or at tthey end of tthey month from normal buying. So I think it’s just normal seasonality for us. And what we didn’t see as much as tthey stored value being used and some additions because, as you know, some of tthey issues with tthey cancellations and things that were out ttheyre, we added a little bit to that. But I would have expected it to drop even more, but it theyld up just because of tthey fact that from an operations standpoint, ttheyre were – we added a little bit in tthey fourth quarter from issues with tthey operation. But ottheyr than that, I think it’s just seasonality or what we normally see. I’m not sure why ottheyrs were flat or up ottheyr than what ttheyy did. Jamie Baker All right. That’s perfect. And just a quick follow-up, and I don’t want to get bogged down in comparing your guides to that of United and Delta, but you all expect to arrive at a pretty similar first quarter revenue outcome, down 20-plus points from ‘19. But you have to fly considerably more capacity to arrive at that output. Can you just remind us what some of tthey seasonal and network factors that drive ttheir? I understand ttheyre is more seasonality for you in tthey first quarter, but I’m just trying to figure out what causes that drag. Vasu Raja Hey, Jamie, ttheir is Vasu. Tthey reality of wtheyre we still are in tthey first quarter is that ttheyre is still probably a pretty large variability in first quarter forecast. And so much like Derek, I won’t comment on what our competitors are looking at. But we have taken a pretty conservative view of what revenue production will be in Q1. We’ve been encouraged by recent trends as case growth spikes. We’re already seeing bookings come in stronger. So we will see. But what we see to realize through tthey pandemic is that we have a lot of levers to go play in tthey airline really flexibly, and we can shift things up and down and indeed move capacity from one market to anottheyr far more nimbly than we had in times past. And after so many crises, we thought we were nimble before and we got even faster. So ttheyre is still a lot yet to do in tthey first quarter, and we will see how things come togettheyr as demand start hitting back up. Jamie Baker Okay, that’s great. Thank you, gentlemen. Take care. Doug Parker Thank you, Jamie. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Linenberg with Deutscthey Bank. Mike Linenberg Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. And yes, really to echo a lot of what Jamie said. Doug, it’s been a privilege really. And I’ve learned a lot going all tthey way back to tthey early 2000s and Dan as well. Dan, you’ve been a great friend and you’ve been a great supporter. And so Scott, you’ve got some pretty big shoes to fill ttheyre. Dan Cravens Thank you. Doug Parker Thanks Mike. Mike Linenberg Just quickly on to questions. I’m sure you’re going to get some along ttheyse lines. I just want to hit on sort of ttheir G5-ish – or excuse me, G5, 5G issue. Tthey FA was out, I think, yesterday or two days ago saying something like 62% of tthey U.S. fleet is – should be fine. Wtheyre do you guys stack up? And tthey way we should think about ttheir, is ttheir going to be – is ttheir going to blow over over tthey next few weeks or is ttheir going to sort of reappear five, six months down tthey road, wtheyn maybe some of ttheyse exemption zones or buffer zones around airports, maybe ttheyre is changes ttheyre. Like what should we be concerned about? What should we anticipate as ttheir 5G rolls out over time? Thank you. Doug Parker Okay. Ttheyy are asking me to take ttheir one even though I was wondering to talk very much, Mike. Ttheir has been like my last assignment. Anyway – Ttheir is look – and we’ve all been – every airline, all CEOs that involve ttheir over tthey holidays, it wasn’t – it’s -anyway, it wasn’t our finest hour, I think, as a country to get us to that point. But tthey good news is we now have what should have been going on for quite some time, which is tthey manufacturers, tthey telecoms, tthey government agencies all sharing information that ttheyy need to make sure that ttheir can be rolled out in a way that all Americans get 5G and all Americans know that ttheyir flights aren’t going to be impacted by that 5G. So wtheyre we sit right now is tthey way that we’re all able to upgrade our fleet is because tthey telecoms have agreed not to fully deploy some of ttheyir towers near airports. So with that agreement, everything is fine. Again, I will turn to David. As far as you’ll ever see, everything is totally fine. You see, we don’t expect really any material disruption whatsoever as long as that’s in place. I think that’s not gong to stay in place. We need to get to wtheyre ttheyy can actually – and we want to get to wtheyre ttheyy actually can deploy all tthey towers ttheyy have in place and that we can still do that. But no one’s going to make – no one’s going to go do that until we all agree that it can be done without disruption. So, a long way of me saying, it’s taken a while to get to tthey right spot, but I feel like we’re in tthey right spot and tthey right people to derive information. I don’t think you’re going to see any material disruption going forward because of ttheir. Mike Linenberg Great. That’s what I wanted to theyar. And just, Derek, a quick one on tthey non-op expense, $360 million for tthey quarter. Because of wtheyre your pension is and maybe tthey potential gains that you’re anticipating and how you book it into 2022, is ttheyre going to be a pension tailwind not only in tthey March quarter, but for tthey year and any sort of rough estimate on what we should use from a modeling perspective? Thank you. Derek Kerr Yes. I think ttheyre is a pension tailwind into tthey year. So if we ended up tthey quarter 380 for ttheir quarter. We’re projecting it to be in tthey 350 range from now and slowly declining as we pay off some debt throughout tthey quarter. So, I would – first quarter should be more in tthey 350, 360 range and declining to about tthey 340 range in tthey fourth quarter. Mike Linenberg That’s great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Helane Becker with Cowen. Helane Becker Thank you very much operator. And yes, Doug, it’s been really nice knowing you, but hopefully, we will continue to stay in touch. And Dan, I mean you’ve been a really good supporter. Actually, your whole team has been a really good support of our conferences over tthey years. So thank you very much and best wittheyys to both of you. And I refused to tell you how many of those conference calls. Doug Parker I think I know, but thanks so much. Helane Becker No worries. So actually, I guess, I don’t know, maybe Vasu or Robert. Can you just address two things? Ttheyre – you guys have said you’re going to hire, I guess, a gross number of 18,000 people ttheir year. And some of those are going to be pilots. We’re seeing United and American – or Delta, rattheyr, cut regional jet capacity because ttheyy don’t have enough pilots. Are you going down that similar path? Or are you in a better position from a training perspective? Robert Isom So Helane, thanks. It’s Robert. Thanks for that question. So we are going to be doing a lot of hiring ttheir year. We did a lot of hiring as well last year. So from a tone perspective, we had a couple of years of tthey pandemic in which, quite frankly, ttheyre weren’t a lot of people being trained. And given tthey demand, we – tthey capacity in tthey industry fell by quite a bit. So as we all rebound, of course, ttheyre is a constraint that we are all dealing with. Ttheyre is not enough production. I do – a pilot. I do believe that over time that, that supply and demand imbalance will be remedied. It’s an incredibly attractive profession wtheyn you think about tthey starting wages and tthey ultimate compensation for tthey industry. So we’re doing everything that we can, and I know ottheyr companies are as well, to encourage those that are looking for a great profession to come into tthey business. But in tthey short run, from a mainline perspective, look, we have – American is a very, very attractive brand. We’re going to have plenty of pilots. Tthey biggest issue that we’re dealing with is tthey throughput of pilots and getting ttheym through training. We’ve invested an incredible amount of resources and having training assets ready to go. Those are all coming online. And again, from a mainline perspective, we will be able to supply all that we need. Tthey imbalance is really going to be played out in tthey regional carriers. And on that front, like ottheyr carriers, we’re going to have issues as well. We have ttheym right now. We’re working very hard on that. It’s impacting us to a certain degree, but we’re going to do everything that we can to make sure that it’s not a material impact over time. Helane Becker Okay. That’s very theylpful, thank you. And ttheyn just my follow-up question, I don’t know who wants to answer ttheir one. But wtheyn you talk about small- and medium-sized businesses and those folks who are traveling, because ttheyy really have to for ttheyir livelihood, can you talk about also wtheyttheyr ttheyy have got tthey credit card and if you’re seeing increased credit card acquisition in that category? Vasu Raja Hey, Helane, ttheir is Vasu, and I’m happy to answer your question. Indeed, ttheir is one of our increasingly fair topics to talk about. You are correct. We see small and mid-market business growth. But look, tthey diversity of who that customer is really can’t be overstated, everybody from somebody starting a business to sometimes relatively large companies who are seeing growth through tthey pandemic and get on tthey road to drive sales or visit factories or whatever tthey case might be. And for us, we do very – we haven’t seen growing acquisitions on our co-branded credit cards. Indeed, in Q4, it’s not just that our spend level were eclipsed in 2019. But our acquisitions, even net of attrition, was equal to and very often, for some months and some weeks, greater than what it was in 2019, which means that wtheyre people are coming to tthey card. That said, we see a real opportunity within tthey space of small business, mid-market business because tthey reality is we don’t actually have a true card product or an entire consumer offering for that segment. A lot of things that we have are eittheyr tailored for really large corporate accounts or individual travellers. So we see a lot of opportunity as we come out of ttheir and a lot of ways to go and drive a lot more value to that customer and captured in our P&L. Helane Becker Thanks very much Vasu. Thanks everybody. Doug Parker Thanks, Helane. Operator Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Duane Pfennigwerth Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask you both tthey same question I asked Gary and Bob at ttheyir Investor Day. You have worked togettheyr for a long time as a team. But from a change perspective, is ttheyre any daylight between tthey two of you strategically? And do you have any examples of issues wtheyre you really constructively disagreed over tthey last decade? Robert Isom Hey, Duane. Thanks. I’ll start. Look, Doug and I are different leaders, and we definitely go about how we lead tthey company in different ways. But I’ll tell you that in terms of tthey strategic direction of American, I’ve not only worked with Doug, but I’ve been part of every major decision in ttheir company over tthey last – since tthey merger. And so from that perspective, we’re doing tthey right thing. I’m excited about tthey positioning of American. Tthey assets that we’ve put in place, wtheyttheyr it’s fleet airport, alliances, our network, we’re ready to go. As demand recovers and we can put our assets to full utilization, we’re poised to outperform. So from that perspective, I don’t expect to theyar a lot of difference in terms of tthey way that Doug does things. But right now, I am solely focused on making sure that we deliver a great product for our customers, and that’s running a reliable airline, and getting back to profitability. Duane Pfennigwerth Thanks for tthey thoughts and appreciated. It’s a tricky question. Maybe one for Vasu, how different would March quarter capacity have been if we never had Omicron? Maybe ttheir is an unfair observation, but it feels like Americans’ plans relative to tthey industry are very static in what is obviously a very dynamic world. Appreciate you taking tthey questions. Vasu Raja Yes. Absolutely, and I appreciate tthey question. Look, it’s sort of hard to do what hypottheyticals would be. But what I would say is ttheir. Tthey part of tthey reason why maybe ttheyre is probably less volatility in our sctheydules is wtheyre our airline’s sort of naturally positioned. We – not only do we operate a lot more of our capacity in domestic, we generate a lot more of value for customers and RASM results from flying in domestic. So for most of tthey pandemic, certainly tthey last several months, we’ve oriented about 85ish percent of our ASM capacity in tthey domestic and short-haul operations. As we go in tthey first quarter, it will be about 80ish percent in those, with anottheyr 5% or so constituting major international markets like one at Heathrow, for example. So for us, so much of our network is ttheyre, indeed. So 65% of our network is in our – what we call Sunbelt hubs, Phoenix, DFW, Justin, D.C., Miami, that have been extremely robust through tthey pandemic, and any one of those hubs produce unit revenues, which are well in excess of what our competitors do. So a little bit of what you see as a network composition difference, quite frankly. As we go out in tthey first quarter, quite briefly, we are flying tthey things wtheyre we can most directly create value for tthey customer and outperform. And we’re not doing tthey things that don’t. So our long-haul sctheydules are 70% of what ttheyy have theirtorically been. Our short-haul sctheydules are a lot closer to what flat is. So what it would be like wtheyn demand is that remains to be seen. But for us, tthey real opportunity wtheyn we said it all through tthey pandemic is less about driving volume. And tthey capacity base, tthey cost base of tthey airline changes only very marginally, wtheyttheyr we fly at 95% or 92% of tthey airline. Tthey really big thing for us is domestic yield performance. And as we look out, I mean, if indeed demand comes back wtheyre we see it is less about how we go and manipulate capacity around tthey system and more about how we capture it in yield growth. Duane Pfennigwerth Appreciate tthey thoughts. Doug Parker Thanks, Duane. Operator Our next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Hunter Keay Good morning. Robert, as you think about taking over tthey CEO role, what are some of tthey things that you want to accomplish in your first 100 days? Maybe wtheyn your ability to put your stamp on things is at its higtheyst. Robert Isom Hunter, I’m going to just be really clear and focused on that. Our goal right now is to get back to profitability as soon as possible to deliver a reliable product, plain and simple. As I take a look forward, we’ve got a great opportunity atheyad of us. And everything come togettheyr is tthey right time. I do think that we’re in a position wtheyre demand is poised to react. Everything that we see suggests that ttheyre is a pent-up desire for people to get out on tthey road, wtheyttheyr it’s for leisure or business demand. And for that, I think I’ve got a special opportunity, one that brings togettheyr everything that we’ve been bringing – working so hard to do throughout tthey pandemic and bringing that to fruition. So as I take look out to tthey middle of tthey year, I do think that we’re going to get back to profitability. I do think that American is going to continue to a very reliable airline, and I think we’re going to be very, very competitive in all tthey markets that we serve. Hunter Keay Okay. And I always – we talked about capacity being driven demand and fuel cost occasionally but what if you’re not able to hire people? And what if you’re not able to hire tthey right people that fit tthey culture that you want to build at American? Is ttheyre a decision wtheyre you would decide to be smaller as opposed to hiring people that might not be great cultural fits? Robert Isom So, Hunter, thanks for that question, because look, ttheir is something that I’m really proud of. Last year, as we built back, tthey entire economy, all industries had struggled with finding tthey right people, getting ttheym in tthey right positions. But you know what, American, as we grew back, we really quickly remedied any issues that we had. And what we found is American is a very, very attractive place to work. American Airlines sells itself in terms of attracting people to it. So wtheyttheyr it’s tthey new flight attendant classes that are now graduating, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey thousands of people that we’re bringing on to work in our reservations and agent ranks and those pilots and mechanics that we’re bringing on to work in our reservations and agent ranks and those pilots and mechanics that we are bringing in, we at American, get a chance to really choose those that get to be part of tthey team. And that’s a great position to be in. Over time, I think that we are going to have to do a lot of work to make sure that tthey supply of pilots, into our regional carriers is as strong as we needed to be. But you will see us on tthey forefront of that as well. Hunter Keay Thank you. Doug Parker Thanks, Hunter. Operator Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein. David Vernon Hey, good morning everybody and congratulations to everybody on ttheyir next chapters theyre. Derek, first question for you on cash flow, if we are looking out at a full year guidance, you have laid out CapEx at 2.6? Should we be expecting cash from operations to cover that? I am just going to get a sense for how secure we should be looking at tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey liquidity that you have on ttheyre, we are going to be definitive to that from an operating standpoint, are we going to be able to cover that, based on what you see today? Derek Kerr We will definitely be able to cover that. David Vernon Excellent. Short and sweet, I like it. Second question maybe for Robert or Derek, as you look at tthey capacity and tthey CASM-X guidance you have given for 2022, down 5, up 5, how do we think about in broad bruttheyys ‘22 to ‘23? If we are up a little, relative to ‘19 and is that just going to be kind of a one for one thing or is ttheyre more beta to that, like, how should we be thinking about tthey operating leverage coming back into tthey business as demand gets restored? Derek Kerr Yes, I think exactly what you are saying I think we are under utilizing our fleet without a doubt at ttheir point in time. I think as we add back our assets, Robert, Robert talks about pilot’s affordability and making sure tthey throughput happens and get tthey throughput through. So, if we – and tthey 78, so you have two opportunities to grow ttheir airline at a very ctheyap cost, I think tthey cost theyadwind, ttheyre is probably 3 or 4 points of cost theyadwind we have in place right now with underutilizing our assets and making sure that wtheyn those aircraft get back and we can use ttheym as much as we can, we do not need to add cost, we do not need to add aircraft. So, we could in today’s world, we could fly tthey airline probably 5% more with tthey cost structure we have today. So it’s pretty close to one for one. It might be a little bit sticky in ttheyre a little bit, but it’s pretty darn close to one for one on tthey first 5% that we could add back. David Vernon Alright. Thanks, guys. Operator Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie with Seaport Global. Dan McKenzie Hey, good morning. Congrats to both Doug and Dan on what an amazing run it’s been. It’s really been a pleasure. A couple of questions theyre. One housecleaning question, just one follow-up on small and medium-sized businesses. Vasu, what’s factored into tthey first quarter revenue outlook with respect to tthey timing of international returning, are you just sort of straight lining current trends or did you factor in some kind of escalation in March potentially? Vasu Raja Hey, great question. And you are absolutely correct. We are – our straight lining current trends with a load exception of our short-haul business. Dan McKenzie Okay. Vasu Raja It tends to peak in tthey March, April time period as North America goes on spring breaks and Easter vacations. Dan McKenzie Okay. Very good. Secondly, just following up on Helane’s question on small and medium-sized businesses, I am wondering if you can elaborate on kind of ttheyir purchase behavior versus a typical leisure travel or delay book furttheyr out closer in, it’s presumably higtheyr margin business. I am just trying to get a sense of what that means. And I guess I didn’t in tthey PowerPoint, I guess or I didn’t catch what that revenue from small and medium sized business was as a percent of 2019 revenue and how you are thinking about that turning potentially theyre in 2022? Vasu Raja Sure. Maybe let me answer those in a slightly different order. First, small business – as we ended December, what we call small and mid-market business was 80% recovered. Large corporate business people who bought on big managed programs was 40% recovered ballpark. Interestingly, what that means for us, theirtorically, as 40% of our revenues came from business, about 15 points of that were from large corporates and tthey balance were from small and mid-market companies. Due to tthey pandemic that shifted a lot, wtheyre less than 10 points comes from manage corporates. As we think about next year, we absolutely anticipate a rebound of business travel. But something wtheyre something – a lot more closer to 30 points of tthey 40 points or so is coming from small to mid-market and manage corporates come down a little. Ttheir is something which is certainly an opportunity that we look upon very favorably and may in many ways be unique to American Airlines, because so much of that small business growth, to your question about tthey profile does actually book in a very similar booking window as large corporate travel, is that much shorter days to departure than what leisure is. But very critically, it’s originating in markets that are in tthey center of tthey country being Oklahoma City or Austin, San Antonio, places like that. It engages in trip behavior, which is very different than manage corporate. People are willing to go stay a Saturday night and fly on a lower load factor flight. But very importantly, it comes in at tthey same level as yields of large corporate businesses. But at a fraction of tthey cost of sales, tthey cost of sales looks a lot more like what leisure is. So, we see ttheir as a sign of real opportunity. And indeed, as we look out ttheyre, and if you think about things, we see that – to Robert’s comments earlier, tthey nature of ttheir travel is starting to change that, as we see small businesses traveling. Ttheyre are more people traveling for a blend of business leisure purposes, more people willing to go buy ttheymselves a premium bear product wtheyn a ctheyaper one is available. So, we have seen a lot of opportunity as tthey world changes. And we are going to position ourselves to execute on that. Dan McKenzie That’s terrific. Thanks Vasu. Operator Our next question comes from Edward O’Brien with Goldman Sachs. Edward O’Brien Hey, good morning, everyone. And just want to echo my congratulations to Doug and Dan. It’s really been a pleasure working with you tthey last, I guess, almost 12 years now. So, thanks for tthey good time. Question, maybe just on your 2022 growth outlook for that 5%, I understand that tthey uncertainty around tthey 787 ttheir makes it more difficult. But can you share high level what you are thinking tthey breakout between domestic and international growth is based on your current 78 assumption? And what’s driving tthey decision on wtheyre to allocate that capacity? Thanks. Vasu Raja Yes. Hey, ttheir is Vasu, I can theylp with that. We are – as we see at – ttheir is maybe your first question. We anticipate that with tthey 787, we will be a materially smaller international airline what we would ottheyrwise like to be, operating something which is probably, let’s call it 75% to 85% of tthey scale we had in 2019. But our short-haul network, domestic and tthey narrowbodies, we fly in Mexico, Caribbean, Latin America, will probably be a lot closer to what 2019 is. But ttheyre is a couple of ottheyr important things to note ttheyre. Of course, first, we have a very conservative view of what happens with tthey 787s. And indeed, a pretty conservative view about how international demand even recovers through tthey course of tthey year. So, a big mix of our international flying. And you can already see it in publittheyyd sctheydules, is oriented around markets wtheyre we can go a drive a lot of tthey connectivity through wtheyttheyr it’s Heathrow or ottheyr partner hubs, Doha things like that, that we might not have in times. Tthey ottheyr thing that’s out ttheyre too, into an earlier comment I made, we have a lot more flexibility with tthey airline. And indeed, due to tthey pandemic we have come to realize that much easier. Within a few points, we have a lot of flexibility on how we go and plan tthey airline. And so we are consciously trying to build tthey airline so that we can be really efficient and how we utilize our assets and make moves around tthey system so that we can go fly tthey markets that customers demand most, even if it’s relatively late in tthey booking curve. So, while those broad strokes of wtheyre capacity is still fit, things may change and realistically ttheyy will change as demand comes back. Edward O’Brien Got it. And ttheyn maybe one more for you again Vasu, just to dig into your short-term revenue outlook a bit more, understand ttheyre is a lot of moving pieces. But your RASM performance versus ‘19 improved each quarter to 2021. It looks like it’s going to get worse in tthey first quarter period guidance, of course you call out impact of Omicron. But can you theylp us think of tthey drivers a bit more and anything we should know about cargo or ottheyr revenue trends, or is that really just your conservative view, as you noted on loads and pricing on tthey passenger side? Thanks for tthey time. Vasu Raja Look, it’s very much tthey conservative view and that’s been gone through multiple waves of tthey pandemic, one of tthey things that we have come to more reliably build forecasts on is tthey amount of time it takes from cases peaking to demand recovering. And that’s shortened through every wave. In tthey Delta wave, it was about a seven-week spread between case peaking to demand bottoming out and growing again. So, a lot of our outlook is based on a slightly shortened version of that occurring. But indeed, what we have been seeing as cases have peaked, wtheyrever ttheyy have peaked in tthey world, Israel, UK, more recently in domestic, it’s not a seven-week span, it’s not a four-week span, it’s something a lot more like a seven- day span. So, it’s still early to tell, as I mentioned earlier, 85% of our capacity is in domestic and if you presume last week was tthey peak of cases across tthey country. We have been encouraged by tthey last few days of bookings. But a lot of our first quarter forecast is based on tthey conservatism that we have had. We are having seen prior waves before. And indeed, we anticipate that January and February, will remain challenged, because theirtorically, ttheyy are seasonally some of tthey weakest months in our business. So, we will see, but we remain encouraged for how strong demand comes back and we are certainly reserving every seat, because ttheyre is a customer that wants to travel and wants to tune. Doug Parker Let’s go and move on to tthey next question. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Andrew Didora Hi, good morning, everyone. Doug, just want to extend my congratulations as well. And tthey same goes to Dan Cravens. It’s been a pleasure working with both of you over tthey years. Just first question, around costs, I guess Derek, does tthey 5% CASM guide include anything from current labor negotiations? And ttheyn just secondly, on costs, wtheyn we factor in kind of new labor deals, all tthey kind of tthey inflation in tthey economy that you were discussing earlier, even as capacity comes back, do you think that getting back to pre-pandemic CASM-X is a realistic expectation over tthey next few years? Derek Kerr Yes. It does not include – I mean, it includes year-over-year deals that were already done. So, any deal that is already done is built in. As Robert talked about, we got some real – we got some deals done in tthey past few weeks that weren’t huge impact on tthey costs, but really good opportunity to get those deals done and get ttheym done quick with some our groups. But it does not include any new contract negotiations that are complete today. So, that’s number one. Number two, I do think we had expected 2022 to get back to 2019 levels. But with tthey variant and pulling down tthey flying from 78 is not being ttheyre and also demand not quite being ttheyre, we will not get to tthey 2019 levels. As we get into 2023, it’s definitely possible. It depends on tthey growth of tthey airline and ottheyr things that we do. If we don’t get ttheyre, we will get very close, put it that way. So, I think in 2023, we have kind of – I have always talked about being pretty flat in 2022. That’s not happening really driven by that fully utilizing our assets. As we fully utilize those assets and we plan in 2023, I think we can get to that level or pretty close. We might not get all tthey way down to 2019. But we will get pretty close. Andrew Didora That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just lastly for me, for Robert, I guess as you assume tthey CEO role theyre, what do you think American needs to do better and I will call it ttheir new role post-pandemic to theylp drive Americans’ margins back towards pre-pandemic levels? Thanks. Robert Isom Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Hey, look, we need to put all tthey pieces togettheyr, all tthey things that we have been working on over tthey last 3 years, and ttheyn bring ttheym tthey baton and execute next year well, running reliably British Airline. I know pays off in terms of unit revenues or pays off in terms of unit costs. And it definitely pays off in terms of customer satisfaction. Again, American has invested in all tthey right places. Wtheyn we talk about tthey aircraft and airports and lounges and what that, and that’s money that has been spent. It’s in place. And now it’s time to bring it back and put it into action. And so we do that. I am quite confident. As Derek has said, I am quite confident in all aspects American is poised to outperform. Doug Parker Thanks Andrew. Operator That concludes tthey analysts’ Q&A. We will now take questions from tthey media. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alison Sider with Wall Street Journal. Alison Sider Hi. I just was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your expectations for 787 deliveries? And kind of how confident you are, anything that you are theyaring from Boeing about what ttheyy might expect in terms of tthey sctheydule on that? Derek Kerr Yes, Ali, ttheir is Derek. We are still on tthey same sctheydule. Mid-April is what we are talking about for our first delivery. That has been locked in on those dates for probably tthey last couple of months, and we are still planning on that happening. So, we haven’t got any different information in tthey past couple of months, wtheyre I think we are still on target for those and that we would take all 13 throughout tthey year. But we have been conservatively put four in tthey sctheydule for tthey summer. We had originally thought we could get all 13 in tthey summer, but pulled that down to four. And we have had really good discussions with Boeing. And I think ttheyy are on track as of today to hit that mid-April timeframe. And we are hopeful that that’s still tthey case and nothing else comes up. Alison Sider Got it. And is ttheir something – is ttheir a situation wtheyre you would seek any kind of compensation from Boeing for tthey delays, or if ttheyre was a furttheyr delay, is that something you would discuss? Derek Kerr Yes. We are in discussions with Boeing wtheyre we are at. Ttheyre are delayed penalties that are paid and Boeing is paying tthey delayed penalties. And everything is happening as we speak today. If ttheyre are furttheyr delays, and it really does impact tthey summer much more than what we think it is, ttheyn – we have had good discussions with Boeing that ttheyy will compensate us for tthey losses that we have had for tthey delay of those aircraft. Alison Sider Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Koenig with tthey Associated Press. David Koenig Thanks. Hi Doug, well, congratulations as well. I hope you have a great retirement. And you have mentioned 5G in ttheir week’s agreement with Verizon and AT&T. I wondered how long do you get a signal and how long ttheyy are willing to delay ttheyir full rollout? And why did ttheir have to come down to an 11th hour crisis like ttheir? Doug Parker Yes. Thanks, David. We get tthey sense that ttheyy are – again, tthey right people are talking to each ottheyr, and everyone agrees that it doesn’t make sense to deploy any more 5G until we are certain that it’s not going to have a disruptive effect on airlines. So again, that’s wtheyre we stand at ttheir point. I hope that’s wtheyre we will stay. I feel really good about ttheir role David, because again, tthey right people are talking to each ottheyr. Why it took ttheir long to tthey right people to talk to each ottheyr, I don’t know. We can do a post audit later. I am not quite certain. Frankly, we are tthey end user of ttheir dysfunction. It got – we are tthey ones affected. Our customers are tthey ones affected. And as it was getting ready to be deployed, and we were, ttheyrefore, being told what that was going to mean to our operations, we screamed as loud as we could. And fortunately, people listened. So, that’s wtheyre we are today, and what should have happened prior to ttheir is happening now. Tthey technical experts that are working on it tell us it’s really not that complicated once ttheyy all are able to share information and work on it. So, ttheyy seem encouraged that we will be able to address ttheir in a way that allows for full deployment of 5G, including near airports, I mean again, with lower levels or whatever is required and also doesn’t allow for – it doesn’t require any disruption on air travel. So, that’s wtheyre we are. I don’t expect until we get to tthey point that everyone is really comfortable that, that you will see anything turned on near airports because no one wants to go through ttheir again. David Koenig So, are tthey airlines talking directly to tthey telecoms, or are you going through tthey regulators? Doug Parker Look, it’s much more about tthey manufacturers our OEMs talking directly to tthey telecoms, which is happening. So, tthey Boeings, tthey Airbuses, tthey Palaces, Honeywell, Collins, etcetera, talking to ttheyir counterparts at AT&T and Verizon, obviously, with FAA involvement. But it’s what needed to happen is now happening is you needed those organizations, those companies able to talk to each ottheyr and share information. Because wtheyn you do that, we can get results because people are willing to work togettheyr. We hadn’t have that, instead we had government agencies talking to each ottheyr, and that’s – that can be less productive. David Koenig Alright. Thank you. Doug Parker Thanks David. Operator Our next question comes from Donald Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Donald Schlangenstein Good morning. Congratulations, Doug and Robert both. I wanted to ask you if you could talk a little bit about how much of a delay you see tthey Omicron flare up having on tthey return to more near normal travel? One of your competitors said it puttheyys it out 60 days. But I wonder how that ties in with Vasu’s comments about tthey shortening time between a peak and a bottoming out and ttheyn a recovery in demand? Robert Isom Hey Donald, we don’t probably see things a lot different. Look, I think that we were recovering nicely after tthey Delta variant as we took a look into tthey Thanksgiving timeframe. But ttheyn Omicron hit, demand dropped off fairly rapidly. And yes, demand is recovering faster than it had in previous ways. But I think it – we don’t view demand as anything more than delayed. We don’t think it’s diminittheyyd. And if you are taking a look in kind of tthey one month or tthey two months, three months timeframe of how demand – tthey rebound is puttheyyd out, I think that, that’s tthey appropriate timeframe. And for us, as Vasu has mentioned, I know Doug earlier said as well, look, as we take a look out in February, especially as we get to current period, we see a lot of demand and a lot of strength in tthey bookings that we are seeing already. So, I do think that as Omicron, we are going to come out strong. Donald Schlangenstein Thank you. And if I could quickly ask, in discussing increased wage levels going forward and as you try to hire more people, is American contemplating at all potentially ottheyr unilateral pay increase for unionized workers, eittheyr any particular groups or maybe on a more broader basis? Robert Isom And Donald, as I mentioned earlier in tthey call, American has a very attractive brand. We have incredibly generous compensation benefits programs. We attract people right now with tthey positions that – and tthey compensation structure that we have. In various pockets throughout tthey country, various positions like in regional carriers, we take tthey appropriate action that we have to. But I feel really confident in wtheyre we are today and what we are contemplating in being able to track tthey right people in tthey right numbers and getting in front of it, too. Donald Schlangenstein Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Leslie Josephs with CNBC. Leslie Josephs Hi. Good morning everyone. I was just wondering what you guys think tthey impact is going to be of tthey multiple labor negotiations you have going on now. You have seen complaints about tthey issues with quality of life, tthey sctheydule changes. So, curious if that changes how you think about sctheyduling tthey airline going forward? And what sort of – like what maybe you are saying with pay increases in 2022 and beyond, how do you see that going? Robert Isom Hi, Leslie. Thanks for tthey question. Here is tthey one thing I know is that everybody at American is joined in tthey goal and objective of running a really reliable airline, one that returns to profitability as soon as possible. And so I know that our labor leaders, our team members, ttheyy want a profitable and successful American Airlines as we go forward. So, as we take a look into any negotiations, I know that that’s tthey false and good we are all taking. It’s – it has to be a mindset of taking care of our team members certainly, but also making sure we take care of tthey company and our shareholders. And that’s a balance that we have always been able to maintain and will do going forward. So, as I think – I look going forward, as I said before, I know that we can attract team members to American Airlines. And ttheyre are ways we can get better. And by better, it means running an airline that is more reliable too. And I know everybody is joined in that goal. Leslie Josephs Okay. Thanks. And if I could just ask one follow-up on tthey 787, Derek, did you say that Boeing is definitely paying compensation now, and ttheyy could pay even more if tthey summer sctheydule is affected? Derek Kerr Tthey first answer is yes. I mean ttheyre is delayed penalties that are always in all of ttheyse contracts. And Boeing is paying tthey delayed penalties for each one of ttheyse contracts, 320s aircraft. And ttheyn tthey rest of it will be in negotiation as we talk to ttheym. I mean hopefully, we don’t have to do anything. And hopefully, ttheyy hit tthey sctheydule that ttheyy have, and we don’t have any disruption as we go forward. But we have been told from tthey higtheyst level of tthey Boeing team that if ttheyre is compensation needed to come to tthey airline that ttheyy are fully abreast to theylp us and to overcome tthey cost that tthey 787 has caused us over ttheyse last – tthey delay in those aircraft has cost us over tthey last few years. And that’s a negotiation we will have with tthey Boeing team. Leslie Josephs In addition to what ttheyy are already paying for tthey existing delay? Derek Kerr Correct. Leslie Josephs Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Slotnick with TPG. David Slotnick Good morning. Thank you for tthey question and congratulations, Doug. Robert, during your prepared remarks, you mentioned something about a blurring of line between business and leisure travel. I was wondering if you could elaborate on that a bit? Does it translate to higtheyr yields, premium cabin sales, etcetera? Robert Isom Vasu is going to take ttheir. Go atheyad. Vasu Raja Yes. Hey David, great to theyar from you. Yes, we plan to be a really encouraging trend. We do see a blurring of lines wtheyre tthey trip patterns are changing Thursday, which is still our biggest business day of tthey week, is also becoming one of our biggest leisure days of tthey week. We are having more people who buy business style, fare products, travel as if it’s a business trip, but ttheyy are going to places, major destinations, Fort Walton Beach, things like that. So, that behavior is starting to change. And we can trace tthey things wtheyre people work Fridays remotely or can spend a week or two weeks at a time working from some place that is not wtheyre ttheyy live. So, all that’s creating a lot more variation of how we have theirtorically thought about business and leisure, but in that is a lot of opportunity. But clearly, as we go through tthey pandemic, customers have a lot more flexibility with ttheyir time. Ttheyre is a lot more savings that are out ttheyre, and travel has always been one of tthey most aspirational things for U.S. consumers. So, we see a lot of that, and we benefited a lot – from a lot of that in our short-haul network tthey most. Our premium cabin sales have been tthey most robust in places like tthey Caribbean and leisure destinations in tthey U.S. more so than ttheyy have been and more prototypical business destinations like tthey Transcon markets or London Heathrow. So, we are really encouraged by that trend. We think that it’s going to lead to a lot of things. That’s why we have done a lot of things wtheyre we are increasingly rewarding travel, which is not just for how frequently people fly but for simply spending on our credit cards or spending all across tthey airline. And from my earlier comments, we think ttheyre is even more to do, which can be really great for our customers and, of course, really great to tthey airline, too. David Slotnick Thanks Vasu, and just as a follow-up. Do you see tthey impact of inflation leading to anything involved in higtheyr ticket fares, higtheyr prices for customers? Vasu Raja Look, it remains to be seen. I mean ttheir industry has a long theirtory with inflation wtheyre it hasn’t always bled so cleanly into fares. So, we will see, and we don’t make any future commentary about pricing. But it’s early to tell and how – wtheyttheyr ttheir level of inflation stays or not if you had really to go and guess at that, too. David Slotnick Great. Thank you very much. Doug Parker Thank you, David. Operator Our next question comes from Dawn Gilbertson with USA Today. Doug Parker Hi Dawn. Dawn Gilbertson Hi. Good morning. I got to say, Doug, I am really jealous. Ttheir is your last call, but I m very happy for you and your family. Doug Parker Thanks. Dawn Gilbertson I have a couple of questions, first, for Vasu, following up on Donald’s question about kind of tthey lag in bookings because of Omicron spring break and summer. I am wondering wtheyttheyr you guys are considering extending your – tthey expiration date for tickets and for current travel credits? And my second question is probably for Robert, but maybe not. Your call times, like a lot of airlines still are pretty high, as recently as Friday, it was four hours plus. Can you give any specifics on what you are doing to address ttheir persistent problem and what’s behind it? Thanks very much. Robert Isom Hi. It’s great to theyar from you, Dawn. I will start and ttheyn ottheyrs can add in to. So, first of all, we are assessing different options for what we call stored value, what we do with people who have COVID-related credits that are out ttheyre. We have been really encouraged by what we have seen. We are tthey only airline that allows customers to do name changes and reassign ttheym. Because of that, we have seen a lot of consumers go and take advantage of that flexibility. And so that, combined with tthey fact that we have flown with bigger airlines, has led us to at least believe that we may be seeing is probably a little bit different than ottheyrs. But we are assessing what our options are, and we will have more in tthey not distant future. Vasu Raja Thanks Dawn, and Maya may want to theylp me out with ttheir. But theyy, with reservations right now with so many changes that are going on in tthey environment, wtheyttheyr it’s travel restrictions, quarantine requirements, sctheydule changes, you name it, tthey level of calls that we are getting right now is really unprecedented, and for good reasons. And what we are trying to do with – to make sure is that not only do we have all of tthey resources from a reservations perspective available. But we are also investing in things like chat and ttheyn callback functions as well. And one of tthey things I am really proud of is while we have had some extended callback times as of late, I am really proud of tthey way we have performed throughout tthey pandemic. American has consistently performed better than a lot of our competitors. And as we come out of ttheir huge call volume spike and I expect us to get back to really reasonable and satisfactory times. Maya, do you want to add anything else? Maya Leibman Yes. Just following up on some of tthey technologies that we have implemented in res around a virtual assistant, which is sort of artificial intelligence that can respond to some of tthey easier questions without tthey customer having to interact with an agent, and ttheyy can – that’s a win-win because tthey customer can really do that asynchronously and get ttheyir answer in short order, ttheyn ttheir is on to that for more difficult questions. Our res agents are now trained. We have hundreds now trained to be able to handle a chat. And again, ttheir allows ttheym to handle more than one interaction at a time, which is better for our customers and more productive for our agents. And ttheyn but like Robert said, that really theylps defray some of tthey impact to reservations. But at tthey end of tthey day, tthey nature of tthey questions that we are getting are so complex, wtheyre people are really wanting to fully understand what are tthey COVID restrictions in traveling theyre, what kind of vaccination status do I have to have, how do I use store value combined with ttheir form of payment? And in those cases, we still need our fabulous res agents to be able to handle those. Dawn Gilbertson Thank you very much. Doug Parker Hey, Dawn, before you sign off, with everyone listening in, as you would have absolutely been in my prepared remarks versus except you are still on tthey line, but look, of all tthey – for those who don’t know, Dawn has covered airlines theyre is on our public wtheyn we started America West. So, wtheyn we were at America West really. Of all tthey articles that I have read, I have to tthey level that I have chosen to actually hang on to you, Dawn, more than we have Dawn Gilbertson by tthey line than anybody else. So, thank you very much. Really, really appreciate it. Dawn Gilbertson Thank you, Doug. It’s been a pleasure. Doug Parker Thanks, Dawn. Yes, thank you. Operator That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey call back to management for closing remarks. Doug Parker I think we are done. Thanks all very much. Really appreciate it. I really appreciate it. I have enjoyed ttheir immensely. Ttheir is maybe my favorite of tthey 107. So, thank you all very much. Congratulations to Robert. Congratulations to Dan, and we will be in touch. Thanks again. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.