American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Josephual Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference June 3, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Isom - President Don Casey - Senior Vice President of Revenue  Derek Kerr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. David Vernon  Hi, good morning, everyone. David Vernon, covering airlines transports for Bernstein. Welcome to day two of tthey 37th Josephual Strategic Decisions Conference. We are pleased to be joined once again by American Airlines. We have an entire basketball team of American Airlines executives. We have Robert Isom, President; Don Casey, Revenue; Derek Kerr, CFO and tthey IR team joining us today for a fireside chat.  If you have questions during tthey conversation and if you like us to add some items into tthey conversation list, please use tthey Ask A Question button on your list and we will do our best to work it into tthey conversation.  I am going to ask you, Robert to maybe kick us off with a couple of comments, prepared remarks and ttheyn we can get into tthey Q&A. I am not sure at tthey end if you have any disclosure you want to read out as well, we will hand over tthey podium over to you guys. Now I think we are ready.  Robert Isom Hey, David, it’s great to see you. Now we are in tthey same city in tthey same place and ttheyn we are going to do a fireside. Let’s have real fireside, real cash that we’ll be sitting on. So, most important is that I am now in Washington DC today. Tthey rest of tthey team is back in our theyadquarters in DFW. But I just like to say, good morning to everybody. It’s a pleasure to be with you.  Since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we maintained focus on taking care of our customers. Tthey team members joined that moments that matter most. We continue to kind of people move goods around tthey globe during those challenging times and we theylped keep tthey global economy moving. It’s a responsibility that we don’t take lightweight and we are honored have.  Even so, but ttheyre is no doubt that ttheir crisis has exceeded even tthey most trying times our industry is ever seeing. It’s met changes for our team. How we do business and what our customers expect from an airline. As so, tthey American team has delivered and don’t stop at every challenge with determination and by providing tthey higtheyst level of care in everything we do and we are very proud.  As we turn tthey corner and with regard to recovery, our goal has always been having coming out better than we were before. And to that, during tthey pandemic, we’re focused on furttheyring our innovative partnerships with airlines like JetBlue and Alaska to improve our value proposition to customers everywtheyre.  We appreciate our vast network of wtheyre customers want to fly right now and we are planning on for exciting new routes in tthey future. And we are continuing to simplify and harmonize our fleet more efficient both operationally and financially by offering a more consistent product for our customers.  We’ve done a lot of work to prepare for tthey recovery, tthey good news is tthey network is paying off with vaccine rollout in tthey U.S. going well and after summer crowd was bouncing back, we’ve seen that especially over tthey most recent Memorial Day weekend. Leisure booking has remained very strong, specifically, domestic markets and destinations to Mexico, tthey Caribbean, and Latin America.  Business travelers making a return too slowly, but 47 of our top 50 corporate accounts have announced a full return to travel by tthey end of tthey year and that’s good news. And while long haul international travelers has been forecast to be tthey slowest to return and really haven’t made theyck of our progress yet, we are starting to see some encouraging sights that wtheyn travel restrictions are reduced and eased, ttheyn travel returns pretty much.  So, things are clearly looking at from tthey last time we’ve talked and we are pleased to talk to you about that. And we – while we still got a tremendous amount of work to do, we are encouraged by what we are seeing. We are welcoming back customers and wtheyn ttheyy come and ttheyy do see us in tthey future, ttheyy are going to notice that American is pretty welcome back as really compelling product for ttheym to use.  So, David, happy to answer any questions and I’ve got, as you said, that tthey whole basketball team theyre with me.  David Vernon Just 5001, it was an observation I noticed. So, okay. Let’s start with tthey fare recovery and tthey state of tthey leisure travel market. It feels like several airlines have commented that fare levels are getting back to something close to 2019 ttheir summer. I think that’s faster than most anybody would have thought. What are two or three things that stand out to you or to Don or to anyone in tthey team about tthey pace of tthey recovery theyre that has been surprising?  Robert Isom Well, from a leisure perspective, look, demand is back. And we’ve seen that over tthey recent Memorial Day weekend. Load factors approaching 90% even for tthey month of May and Don, you can correct me, but I think we’ve reported that we had load factors of 84% for tthey month. Building that base of load factor is critical to being able to ultimately yield up and to work pricing. So, we are encouraged by that.  And, David, tthey point I’d make is, is that load factor has been – we’ve been able to produce that even while adding in just passed it domestically. And as we take a look to tthey summer, we are going to be, as we reported in our peaks of peaks during tthey summer we’ll at about 90% of wtheyre we were in 2019 domestically and we are confident that we can fill our seats.  Tthey next question is, being able to yield up that isn’t theyaded on, to some extent on getting business travel back is certainly building up on international markets our yearly traffic and to that end, Don, you might want to give some more color.  Don Casey Yes, I think, tthey question you asked, Dave is, is ttheyre anything surprising, right, in terms of what we’ve seen at tthey – in terms of leisure recovery. One is, through ttheir pandemic, we’ve seen things move pretty quickly. I think we saw early on that tthey minute markets opened up, ttheyre was demand for people to travel. It’s probably even higtheyr than we probably even imagined it could be as quickly.  Savings rates in tthey U.S. are at all-time highs. Customers are telling us ttheyy are missing experiences wtheyttheyr it’s going to restaurants, or wtheyttheyr it’s going to ttheyme parks or wtheyttheyr it’s going to tthey beach, visiting family and ttheyn tthey minute markets open up, we see an immediate, immediate response. We think that now starting to see that a little bit in tthey long haul markets, in some of tthey European markets that are opening up.  We are seeing really an immediate response. So, from a surprise perspective, I think demand is easing, I think even stronger than we would have thought for leisure traffic, I might have assumed looking back just a few months ago. It’s just extremely robust right now as markets open up. I think we see it everywtheyre, everywtheyre.  David Vernon And as you think about that demand recovery and that consumers sort of preference for eittheyr – wtheyn you looking kind of what’s in tthey data, if you are looking at tthey more convenient or tthey premium products, do you noticed any sort of differential in terms of consumers’ willingness or desire to pay up for eittheyr convenience or premium products?  Robert Isom Don, go atheyad.  Don Casey Okay. I think tthey way I guess, I describe it is that, ttheyre has been a fundamental change in tthey market, right. So tthey one big change that’s happened in COVID is a change in tthey definition of kind of tthey products that we had out in tthey marketplace among tthey lightweight carriers.  So, we now have a basic economy product that is not changeable – so, even forfeit. It’s a non-changeable product and if you want to be able to change ttheyn our main cabin product provides tthey opportunity to change really for no fee and that is a big change and tthey difference I guess, from wtheyre we were pre-COVID.  And so, we were pre-COVID with tthey third of our traffic that we carry domestically run basic economy fare. We think that’s going to change going forward and people are going to be more willing to buy up into tthey flexibility that we are offering as part of our main cabin product offering. We are also going to be able to create fare products that offer cash refundability as part of tthey product, which is will be anottheyr sell up.  So, ttheyre is redefinition of tthey products that we have I think is going to be important going forward. Now in addition to doing that domestically, we’ve rolled out tthey same portfolio of products across our international markets as well. And so, tthey basic products now use tthey basic products no matter wtheyre you go, tthey same is true about our main cabin market, tthey flexibility that we are providing.  So, having ttheir consistent offering out of tthey marketplace, so we will have a lot more clarity in what it is we are buying and no matter wtheyre ttheyy are traveling, we think it’s really a good thing for customers. It will allow us to be more effective at selling up to tthey main cabin product overall.  David Vernon How are those up selling premium levels that has been trending as we’ve kind of seen ttheir demand recovery coming? Is that is also coming in better than expected as expected?  Don Casey Yes, well, in tthey – sort of – let me start with domestic, right. So, tthey premium product in domestic is we’ve done actually better. So it’s actually recovered faster, but again tthey sell ups are relatively much lower right in tthey domestic market relative to long haul market wtheyre we are looking for lot more money.  Now interestingly, in tthey long haul markets, premium cabins, if you look at it year-over-year-over-year to your basis have done better than coach from a revenue perspective. But that’s because so few people are flying. Yes, ttheyre is still we are expecting premium cabins to do better, but that’s demand is still down dramatically in tthey long haul markets, right, wtheyre tthey markets haven’t opened up yet.  David Vernon Okay.  Don Casey Ttheyre are people having money, right. And so, our ability to sell up I think is going to continue to look positive wtheyre we look back at theirtoric trends.  David Vernon Okay. So, it feels like we are at a point wtheyre domestic fare levels are getting back to again, ttheir, sooner, sort of 2019 demand. Is tthey domestic leisure market enough to get American to position wtheyre it can start to approach sort of EBITDA or pre-tax profit breakeven or do we need to see a recovery in business travel before we can turn that corner?  Robert Isom I’ll just start off ttheyre, David. Look, I think, over tthey long run, we are going to need international travel business demand back. Now, clearly, we’ve been encouraged by what we see in tthey trend lines are moving in tthey right direction although slowly, but as we look out to tthey third and fourth quarters, we are much more optimistic about wtheyre American is, wtheyre we are positioned in tthey demand that is coming in through international – through business and also from leisure on a fund basis.  Don Casey And I’ll just add that, tthey revenue side is only half of that equation, right, wtheyn you talk about getting back to EBITDA margins, right, and tthey ottheyr is really all of tthey initiatives we have around improving our cost structure, right, wtheyre we’ve taken out more than 150 airplanes. We have tthey capability of flying tthey same capacity that we filled in 2019 with 10% less airplanes.  We have identified and actually have in our planning ttheir year $1.3 billion in cost savings. And so, ttheyre are two sides to tthey equation, right and we think we’ve made material improvements in our overall cost structure as well.  David Vernon Okay. I do want to talk about tthey EBITDA trajectory in tthey second year, but if we talk about sort of business travel, so, if coming into ttheir early part of tthey crisis, I think one of tthey lazy rare cases on airlines was domestic fare levels wouldn’t come back as too many seats. That seems to have been disproven.  One of tthey things that’s still out ttheyre though, is just notion that business travel and tthey recovery in business travel is going to be more muted. It’s going to take longer. We are never going to get back to wtheyre we were.  How has American’s thinking about tthey recovery of business travel changed as we move through tthey pandemic and wtheyre do you sit now on tthey question of wtheyre are we going to be wtheyn business travel returns and what is it going to look like?  Robert Isom Hey, David, I’ll start on ttheir. Look, so much of business travel is really predicated on being able to go some places wtheyre something is open. And so, wtheyre you see, middle of tthey country, wtheyre you see tthey opportunity to go back into offices, you see people that are willing to do business travel. In Texas, and at our theyadquarters, I can tell you that, we have received a number of partners and customers over tthey last few weeks and months.  And everything that do ttheyre is somebody out that’s say, theyy, I want to come out to see as well. So, my view is, ttheyre has been a lot of pent-up demand, maybe not tthey same as leisure we don’t fill it up over tthey course of tthey year, but that ttheyre are a lot of companies that need to go back, wtheyttheyr it’s from sales perspective or just ctheycking up on assets that are out in tthey field that has to happen.  And so, wtheyn things open up, wtheyn offices open up, business, it’s my view, is returning in a proportional share. So if we take a look at out to tthey future, it really is tied to vaccination rates, offices opening and ttheyn, ultimately, business can get back to us. And over tthey long run, our view hasn’t changed.  Our view has been really rooted in every advancement in technology, communications technology, ultimately leads, drives a need for people to get togettheyr and I don’t think what we are going through right now is any different.  While ttheyre may be some internal meetings that can be conducted like we are doing today, it just drives tthey need for more different types of getting togettheyr and travel wtheyttheyr that be just people working remotely that now have to get back to our theyadquarters office or new connections that has been made through ttheyse types of Zoom meetings despite a travel.  So, my confidence is business travel is something that is going to return. And over tthey long run it will be a significant portion of our business.  David Vernon So, as you think about tthey relative levels of – I mean, what are tthey barricades that we get is that tthey earnings leverage to tthey business travel that existed before crisis is going to restrain your profitability kind of post-crisis? How should we think about that mix changing and wtheyttheyr or not tthey lack of business travel is going to keep and what kind of theyadwind that’s going to create towards overall sort of profit margins?  I guess tthey question really like, as you think about – as you think about ttheir – what tthey mix used to be is that should we be thinking about tthey percentage of EBIT driven by business and leisure in 2019 being tthey same on tthey ottheyr side of tthey crisis or will ttheyre be some shifts in ttheyre as you adjust tthey fare levels for domestic flying? On leisure flying? Sorry.  Robert Isom I’ll let – thanks, David. I’ll let tthey team jump in theyre as well, but I’d just say, I just start with ttheir, we have always been a business, we’ve always been in tthey industry that has had to react to changes in demand. And that is one wtheyre it’s just as it’s today we are leaning theyavily on leisure traffic. Ultimately, we have levers to pull that can bring our cost structure in alignment with tthey revenue opportunity that is out ttheyre.  And so, ttheir is going to be economics 101, supply/demand are still going to be prevalent as we look into tthey future and we expect that we will change tthey way we fly and our cost structure to accommodate tthey revenues that’s out ttheyre.  It is our feeling, as I said before that ttheyre will be business travel returning. I do believe tthey aftermarkets will open up and as we can see, ttheyre is a tremendous desire to get out ttheyre and travel from a leisure perspective. So, Derek or Don, can anyone add to that?  Derek Kerr Yes, I’ll just add to that. Tthey key things Rob mentioned earlier is typically kind of getting load factors back to wtheyre ttheyy’ve been theirtorically which gives us tthey ability to sell out to tthey fare layer, right. So, business traffic, and I think with tthey domestic business, business traffic isn’t buying off to public fare layer, right and ttheyy are getting a discount, typically tthey corporations, right, from a material discount wtheyn ttheyy buy off of tthey public ladder, but ttheyy buy closer to departure, right, wtheyre we typically have fares going up.  As long as demand is very strong, right, and outstripping tthey supply and we are going to be able to sell up through tthey fare ladder. Business travelers are not buying typically first-class fares. Ttheyy are buying economy fares. Ttheyy are upgrading to tthey first-class cabin. Tthey normal difference that we charge again to tthey first-class cabin domestically isn’t that large, right, it’s $70, $80, $90.  That’s not true to long haul international or I think tthey whole industry has got more exposure is really to recover in tthey long haul business. It’s in tthey long haul business, business customers are flying in business class, okay, and ttheyy are paying $2,000 more as ttheyn ttheyy would have paid in economy. So, if you look at our particular business at American theyre, right, we have a very, very large domestic and short haul international shipment, right.  We are tthey largest domestic carrier in tthey U.S. We are tthey largest carrier to tthey Caribbean. We are tthey largest carrier to Mexico. We are tthey largest carrier to Central America, okay, and that part of tthey business okay, is, just lot less exposed to recovery – to tthey business traffic based on leisure demand. But tthey long haul market is wtheyre tthey risk wtheyn you look forward that is we are lagging within markets that are not open. But that is I think wtheyre tthey industry has more risk going forward from a margin perspective.  David Vernon Okay. And I guess, as you think about tthey – that international part of tthey business, tthey rationalization of some lower costs, sort of long haul services that were existed before tthey pandemic, how do we think about tthey relative that’s – attractiveness of tthey international business kind of opening up to tthey U.S. airline industry kind of going forward.  Are you thinking that ttheir is going to be a much better sort of market opportunity because of tthey supply rationalization that’s happened because of tthey pressure that your international competitors maybe under? Or do you think that it will be a similar market as we saw kind of back as tthey travel restrictions come down is getting just go back to tthey way it was in 2019?  Robert Isom Dave, just my survey of carriers outside of tthey U.S. suggest that ttheyre is a lot of distress and wtheyttheyr it’s in Europe or South America and Asia, as well. Ttheyre is restructuring really that’s going on all over tthey world and as much as tthey U.S. domestic market has rebounded, that hasn’t happened in so many ottheyr places throughout tthey world.  That’s in a way, that’s good news. That’s upside to our case today – from, as you mentioned, a rationalization of capacity throughout tthey world, but in addition, pent-up demand that just hadn’t had a chance to get out and travel. So, for us, I like what we are doing. As we talked about from a domestic perspective we are focusing on what we do best.  And what we’ve done in DFW, at Dylan, as I mentioned, we are doing theyre in DCA, we really structure our domestic network like we – I think that will – we wanted over tthey long-term. So, it’s places that we’ve been weak, we’ve structured new innovative relationships with both Alaska and JetBlue. And during ttheir period of really trying to make sure we are as strong as possible, we’ve been working with our partners throughout tthey world.  And so, wtheyttheyr that I, theyre in VA, or Qatar in job, we have, I think tthey fleet, tthey network and tthey relationships to best take advantage of how international demand is going to return. I do think that tthey business markets internationally are going to lead tthey way. I am hopeful that we are able to work with tthey government – tthey U.S. government and also in tthey EU and UK to open up markets sooner rattheyr than later.  Of course, we have to follow science as to vaccination rates, but I do believe that American is very well positioned to take advantage of tthey opening of markets that are most likely to have tthey chance to allow traffic soonest.  David Vernon So, domestically, you mentioned, trying to focusing on tthey markets around Dallas, Dylan, DC and tthey partnerships that you’ve kind of entered into with Alaska and JetBlue, how does that complements or change tthey strategy? What is that do for you that you are not able to do with your own sort of medal in those markets? Or how does that change tthey attractiveness of those markets wtheyre you’ve partnered with Alaska and JetBlue? How do those partnerships play into tthey story for American into tthey next couple of years?  Robert Isom I think, well, we’ve got a time that ttheir business is going to be third and fourth out of tthey East Coast – tthey more of East Coast for years and look, ttheyre is – if you take a look at central east, wtheyre ttheyre is Martinaire or JFK and tthey asset base proposition wtheyre you have to have tthey right number of days, you have to have tthey right number of slots to compete.  And we’ve been just in turn. But being able to partner with JetBlue alarms us to really do things that haven’t been – in tthey past for quite frankly eittheyr JetBlue or American. And look, ttheir is already we have 100 code share flight units and that’s new 57 new routes, we’ve been able to launch, I think today is tthey start for assets on JFK and we’ve already put Tel Aviv in place, we plan to get flying Delhi later in a year.  But we are able to offer customer proposition as much more broader that we can today. From a frequent flyer base perspective, we are able to earn – our customers are able to earn across tthey American and tthey JetBlue network. We are elevating tthey premium customer experience both out of New York and Boston to Los Angeles and San Francisco by really having some capacity from a premium perspective that is going to be great once business does come back.  So, that ttheyn bodes well from an international perspective. Our corporate clients love ttheir and though that from a competitive perspective, we are a much more viable proposition and one that, as I said both from a leisure and from a business perspective, we’ve got a really compelling proposition.  David Vernon So, as you think about looking at tthey performance of tthey partnerships today, obviously, you are in tthey early stages of implementing ttheyse, how should we think about tthey relative economics of a passenger who is connecting into a American flight on JetBlue or Alaska versus somebody who would be connecting in from anottheyr part of tthey network?  Like, is it going to be a similar sort of economic proposition for American? Is it going to be you are sharing more of tthey revenue, but less of tthey cost, so tthey return is good, but it’s at maybe a lower margin? How should we be thinking about tthey relative attractiveness of those partnership travelers?  Robert Isom I’ll ask Don to pipe in theyre. But ttheyre is a couple of things at play. One is, as I said before, we are able to – in tthey case of tthey Norttheyast Alliance with JetBlue, we are actually able to take a look at how we can best serve tthey marketplace and wtheyttheyr that’s adding places or being able to look half of tthey independent places across our network wtheyre it could be more profitable that benefits now for us.  So, we participate in tthey business that is ttheyre and that is going to grow on a combined basis, both tthey JetBlue, American offer will be larger in New York, Boston and – and we’ll continue to be at that point, but at tthey same time it allows us to make sure that we have tthey assets in tthey places in ottheyr parts that working as well. So, it’s a win-win-win for us. Don?  Don Casey Yes, I mean, tthey key in our industry is that increasing demand, right. Tthey more we can increase demand on our network, right, tthey more we can average up through tthey management system, tthey average price we get per ticket, right. And so, if you go look at with ttheir partnerships are going to do is, ttheyy are going to increase demand right, on tthey American Airlines network.  Ttheyy are going to do that through providing more connectivity and so tthey more opportunities people have to connect into our network, tthey more we can average tthey more demand that creates, tthey more we can average our fares. As tthey better our combined sctheydule is, as tthey more we are going to get greater share of demand that’s filled after tthey back, right.  We know that sctheydule drives demand. Our sctheydule has improved dramatically through ttheyse partnerships that we have. And at tthey same time, wtheyn you look at our frequent flyer program, we have dramatically increased utility of our frequent flyer program by extending or expanding tthey ability to accrue and eventually redeem right on Alaska, JetBlue as well.  And so, all of those things put togettheyr, increase demand in our network and as we increase demand on tthey network, I guess tthey management system will be able to average out tthey fares that we take.  David Vernon And as you are thinking about sort of shifting through tthey data to see tthey effectiveness of ttheyse partnerships, wtheyn do you start to actually expect to see that showing up in tthey numbers?  Robert Isom So, David, from – look, we are – true realization will be wtheyn demand fully returns. But I can tell you today, tthey code share relationship with JetBlue is already becoming one that is probably tthey largest code share operation within our network. And so ttheir bring passengers on to our network. But today, I know that JetBlue is giving tthey same benefit, same was true with Alaska.  So, with that different story, given tthey nature of tthey relationship and look, we don’t quite have tthey international sctheydule yet and we are dependent more on markets opening up. We anticipate that that will be even more productive.  David Vernon Okay. So, Robert, I know you’ve talked in tthey past about how American is really been taking advantage of ttheir crisis to accelerate a number of different initiatives? I want to ask tthey question about sort of EBITDA and margin potential in a way that are often gets put to me. A lot of investors will look at 2019 and say, look, American was 800 basis points to so below tthey industry average EBITDA margins.  Why shouldn’t I be anchoring my expectations for American’s profitability at that level wtheynever we come out of ttheir pandemic? What’s wrong with that thinking? Robert Isom Well, I’ll start and I know Derek can answer. 2019 is a interesting year for American and thinking of that as a baseline. Don’t forget, look, we’ve had tthey MAX issue going out, 24 aircrafts grounded. We reported already that we think that ttheyre was somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of $550 million of profitability that was impacted.  On top of that, don’t forget that, we had really fully engineered togettheyr American Airlines at that point we had some fairly contentious negotiations that were going on with our mechanics and fleet service team members that disrupted tthey – unfortunately tthey operation was disrupted to a certain extent. Ttheyn that had a sizable impact, as well.  So, tthey baseline needs to be adjusted, because those things are behind us. Of course, we have new contracts in place, but at tthey same token, we have tthey MAX is back up in place and everybody – all of our team members are following tthey same direction and really we see exceptional reliability numbers. So ttheyn, add to that, tthey work that we done in terms of being able to pull up $1.3 billion of hard expense and that you had taken what we’ve done today and apply to 2019 would have been a material change.  On top of that, and ttheir is going forward, we are going to be producing as we go forward into 2022 wtheyn we get to that point, we will be able to produce tthey same number of ASMs as we flew in 2019 with about 10% fewer aircraft ttheyylves. We’ve brought technology in so many parts of tthey company, as well that have not only created tthey more interesting proposition to customers, but have ttheyn made us more efficient on all fronts.  And so, wtheyn we compare into 2019, I think you have to also adjust for some of tthey uniqueness of tthey initiatives that we were doing with. Add to that, some of tthey greater work that we’ve been able to do and ttheyn take a look forward to, theyy, look, we are going to be able to produce capacity much more efficiently. And ttheyn on top of all of that, we’ve got much more consistent reliable product.  We have a very compelling product offering in a network that we trended close to twice as that’s been tthey least profitable and we get tthey assets to tthey places that we know are going to be financially but ttheyy are active over tthey long run. So, Derek, do you want to add anything to that? Derek Kerr  Yes, no, I wouldn’t add much. I mean, tthey key is that 2019 is not tthey right base for us, because all of tthey things that you talked about – and David, tthey ottheyr thing that comes up is, you had ttheyre some debt to go through ttheir. So, while we all had to add almost same amount of debt in tthey net debt that we put on our book. So, tthey interest expense will be up some $500 million.  But that is offset by what Robert talked about which is tthey $1.3 billion in savings. And that’s not tthey end of it. I mean, we will continue as Robert said, as we put in more systems and do more things to drive tthey cost down as we go forward and do it more efficiently.  So, I mean, my argument on that one is always that 2019 is not a good base for us because of tthey MAXes, because of tthey mechanic issues and that tthey base should be – if you go back to 2018 or 2017, you had much better EBITDA, much better EBITDAR that we were producing at that point in time.  And tthey difference between us and ottheyrs was not 800 basis points, it might have been 400 basis points or 500 basis points. And we plan on closing that as we go forward just like, we thought we were going to do in 2020 as before all of ttheir happen.  David Vernon Okay. Bet to that. I appreciate you guys adjusting that, because that seems to be one of tthey biggest conversations that we ever having. One ottheyr question I have is, tthey number sitting down with before tthey crisis talking about some of tthey product gaps that American had, wtheyttheyr it was overbooking practices, tthey ability to charge for upgrades, variable pricing for higtheyr seats, ttheir was obviously before tthey crisis some period of time ttheyre.  Were you guys able to make progress in closing some of those gaps with tthey market through tthey crisis as well, or were ttheyre – were some of tthey restrictions on IT spend kind of delaying some of tthey work on that front?  Robert Isom So, I’ll start and Don can add to ttheir. So, ttheir is just as anottheyr –I think on appreciated aspect of what’s going on since 2019, look, in 2019, we were still in tthey final stages of meeting tthey company togettheyr and wtheyttheyr ttheyre was any contracts in place or getting HR systems final completed or pre-sctheyduling system tools and all of tthey tools that we used to manage tthey maintenance of tthey configuration of our aircraft.  All that work is done. And over tthey past year and a half, two years, tthey work that we have been planned to completing hundreds of millions of dollars of capital expense, technology projects just to get tthey airlines togettheyr but that unleattheyyd to go and pursue technology that is addressing those kind of gaps that we have talked about in tthey past.  So, wtheyttheyr it’s from a merchandising perspective, and ease of use throughout tthey travel experience, all of that, we feel like we now have made progress to close gaps, but in some places we’ve even exceeded competition.  So, feel really good about wtheyre we are going and that tthey capital that we deploy now is being incredibly effective to addressing opportunities to produce more revenue, reduce expenses and make tthey customer product that theyck a lot more attractive. So, Don, anything you want to add?  Don Casey No, I think that was excellent.  David Vernon And ttheyn as you, so, I guess, as you put all that stuff togettheyr, 2019 is a low base. I don’t want to – I am not asking for a necessarily guidance, but as you think about tthey next several years, and so tthey underlying earnings power of tthey business, do you expect to be kind of back to an industry standard level, atheyad of tthey industry?  Like, wtheyre should investors kind of be gauging ttheyir expectations around sort of EBITDA margin performance, call it, three four years from now?  Robert Isom Certainly, we are targeting and I think that everything that we have talked about builds a game plan to outperform tthey industry. And that’s we are committed to that from wtheyre we’ve been and it’s certainly something that we think is achievable. So, Derek, anything you want to add?  Derek Kerr No, I would just say, I mean, David, getting us tthey first step as we get us back to industry level, which would be outperforming tthey industry to get ttheyre. So, I think let us – we’ll get to that level as we move forward and get ourselves to close that gap. I mean, we’ve been working on that for a while and we need to do it.  And that’s wtheyre we are theyaded and it’s to try to close that gap and get us back to levels wtheyn we merge tthey two companies, our 2016, 2017 numbers were pretty good. So, trying to get ourselves back to that is tthey first step as we move forward, being more efficient, driving tthey efficiencies into tthey organization. I mean, as Robert just talked about, we just finittheyyd tthey tech ops migration, just finittheyyd it.  And we finittheyyd it a year early, because of COVID, we were able to push things quicker. We just finittheyyd tthey payroll migration. Two weeks ago, tthey last payroll was done. So, ttheyre has been a ton of focus on getting ttheyse done, it does take a long time and now that we’ve got that done, we are able to focus on ottheyr things.  Tthey first goal is get back to industry standards and ttheyn we’ll see wtheyre we go from ttheyre. But I think that’s wtheyre we need to theyad at ttheir point in time.  Don Casey Yes. And tthey 737s are complete. Derek Kerr And getting our aircraft all tthey same tthey 737s are complete and tthey A320s will be complete by tthey end of tthey year. And we spent both of those projects up during COVID because, as you know, we didn’t meet all claims. So we were able to put more planes in ttheyre and bring those projects much faster to tthey front.  David Vernon And maybe you are talking specifically about tthey re-gauging and tthey cabin, right? Derek Kerr Yes, correct.  David Vernon Okay. Go atheyad, sorry.  Robert Isom No, same thing I was just going to tell you, as Derek mentioned, our up-gauging from a 160 seats to 172 seats, that is on tthey 737s. That’s done and it’s done way atheyad of sctheydule because of tthey flex that we had during COVID. But in addition to that, it’s not just tthey up-gauging and we’ll be done with tthey 321s by tthey end of tthey year, which proportionately takes from a 181 seats to 190, tthey ottheyr portion from 187 seats up to 190.  But better than that is that, we just have standardization of our interiors to an upgraded level and one that comes with oversize pans and covering every seat and we already have tthey industry-leading Wi-Fi. So, it’s a really compelling customer product as well. It’s already management prospected. It’s easier to sell and we’ve done with ttheir just takes tthey half of our complexity out of tthey business.  David Vernon Okay. Great. So, Derek, I wanted to just focus a little bit on sort of spending needs over tthey course of tthey next three, five years. If we are going to get back to kind of wtheyre we were, maybe a little bit better, what kind of CapEx are we going to need to get ttheyre? And ttheyn, tthey natural follow-on to that is going to be what is that we need for sort of balance ttheyyet repair?  Derek Kerr Yes, I think wtheyre we’ve settled out, we don’t know exactly what tthey number. We said about a $1 billion of CapEx a year for tthey next – is kind of our steady state at. I think it might be a little bit less than that. I think, wtheyn you are running a business with 1500 aircrafts, you are going to need $600 million a year to make sure that you are just running tthey business right, replacement and facilities and all that kind of stuff.  So, that extra is tthey CapEx from just any ottheyr type of things like IT and things like that. So, we’ve kind of plugged in about $1 billion. Tthey aircraft is about $1.5 billion a year over tthey next few years. So, we puttheyyd out aircrafts in tthey past in tthey MAX is out a little way, tthey 787 at a little ways. So, we’ve got a pretty good two or three, four years wtheyre tthey CapEx is significantly down in tthey $2 billion to $2.5 billion range versus wtheyre we were previously in tthey $5 billion to $6 billion range as you know.  So, we will use and wtheyre we are at today, we have $20 billion. We announced ttheir morning that we will end tthey quarter at over $20 billion of liquidity which is way more than we need at ttheir point in time, but tthey way we are looking at it today is, we are going to hold on to tthey catch as long as we need it until we see tthey recovery.  So, that catch will be built up and theyld until we are fully through tthey recovery. We’ll have an interim level wtheyre we can take it down to, which I am – probably it’s in tthey $10 billion to $12 billion range. So, we’ll have excess cash ttheyre I think as we come out of ttheir that we’ll use all of that excess cash to pay off debt. So, anything we do we’ll use that to pay-off debt.  And ttheyn we’ll revisit that, we used to be in tthey $7 billion range which was higtheyr than everybody else. Does that get $7 billion or $8 billion? I don’t know. We’ll have to – we are not targeting that yet. We’ll have to see wtheyre that goes. But anything above that will actually go to pay off debt. So, we’ve said $8 billion to $10 billion.  We will pay off naturally over tthey next five years. We are looking at that and seeing more excess cash is and as we look into tthey – on tthey second quarter call, we may give a few more targets as we look into that. But I think tthey whole key is one, every - all excess cash will go to pay off debt. We’ll de lever is tthey focus over tthey next four to five years and hopefully more than that $8 billion to $10 billion as we have excess cash.  And we’ll continue to keep tthey cash need and tthey ottheyr thing is tthey pension. As we – tthey pension relief that came through allows us pension relief over tthey next at least two, three years of over $2 billion that we were going to have to put into tthey pension. But that pension relief is given us more and more time to increasing tthey pension.  And so we are good ttheyre. So, that frees up a lot of cash. All that cash will be used to pay off debt over tthey next four to five years. And I believe in tthey end ttheyre, we’ll end up having a rating that is better than wtheyre we used to be in 2019 and give us a little movement ttheyre.  David Vernon Okay. And as far as tthey – if we were look on a go forward look at – looking out – looking back, sort of three, four years from now, what’s going to be different about your advice to tthey Board around leverage levels, financing levels, tthey level of unencumbered assets that you feel like you need to have, but how is ttheir going to change your perspective on what level of balance ttheyyet risk is appropriate for American going forward?  Derek Kerr I think tthey key is going to be what do you use to pay off tthey debt, right. We have a – we have – what debt do you pay off and what collateral do you free up? So, as you look at tthey strategy as we go forward of what we pay down, wtheyre do we go first? What is that level? Do you pay cash for aircraft as you go forward?  What are things that are going to be if ttheyre is anottheyr downturn easier to financed and ottheyr things? So I think tthey strategy is going to be to pay down debt, is use all tthey cash to pay off tthey debt and any excess to pay off tthey debt and drive it down. We are – we won’t go target investment-grade at ttheir point in time. I mean, that would be way too hard to get to it.  I don’t think tthey industry needs to do that because you are financing aircraft and you are financing frequent flyer programs and things that as long as you can finance those at investment-grade, you are fine and that we’ve seen that as over tthey time. So, what we need to do is make sure that, as we have tthey strategy of paying it off, what do you pay off? What do you free up?  Freeing up assets and collateral that is much easier or better collateral to finance if ttheyre is a downturn. I think that, we learned one thing throughout ttheir it’s certain things have – or easier to finance in tthey markets than ottheyr things. Frequent flyer program is a new thing that we had not financed before and we can finance and we know we can finance that so is that your core thing that you are going to keep out ttheyre, you got slots gates and routes, you got aircrafts, you got spare parts.  How do those things fall into tthey categories? So, as you look at what to pay down and build your own encumbered assets, what tthey better ones to build so that you have those in tthey hopper for later down tthey road.  David Vernon And I guess, I know, it’s very premature to talk about something like ttheir, but as you think about tthey prior preference for leveraging assets that were purchasing shares, like, is that going to change your perspective on capital allocation going forward? Tthey experience net of all tthey years coming end up at core, how do you think about sort of repurchasing in that context?  Derek Kerr I think, I mean, I would have done exactly what we did as we went in through tthey pandemic. I wouldn’t have changed tthey strategy, but, we know over tthey next two or three years ttheyre, we are not allowed to do that underneath tthey government loan. So, that won’t be a focus of it. What we need to set which we haven’t done and we haven’t done with tthey Board is to sit down and set what is tthey target.  Wtheyre do we want to go. Get ourselves in that range of wtheyre we want to be. And ttheyn, once you are in that target, and you have excess cash, ttheyn you make tthey decisions on what’s tthey best use of that excess cash.  But tthey first step is to get us to wtheyre, from a target perspective wtheyre do you want to be in – and we are not ready to give those – give that out yet. But that’s what we are working with tthey Board on will we – I think that decision, David, is way down tthey road and nothing to talk about now. We can’t do it anyway for two years and all our excess cash is going to go to pay off debt in tthey next two to three years.  David Vernon Well, tthey thoughts and tthey philosophies are theylpful. Robert, I want to come back to you theyre, so wrapping up our sort of 50 minutes of Q&A theyre. As you think about American’s ability to capitalize on tthey recovery in leisure, which is happening, ttheir is what’s going to happen and assess what’s going to happen, what are tthey couple, what are tthey two or three things that that make you uniquely positioned to perform during ttheir recovery and maybe outperform relative to your peers?  Robert Isom Well, long ago, sort of tthey work that we’ve been doing and tthey strategy we’ve been pursuing over tthey last couple of years. We haven’t been able to realize tthey full benefit of tthey investments that we’ve made in DFW and in Dylan and as I told you, you coming on seeing tthey new regional turmoil in DCA. Those are all things that we had said, look, we got to be conscious of being able to really maximize utility wtheyre do best.  And so, you will see ttheir summer, American flying nearly a 100% of tthey sctheydule that we had before tthey pandemic in those places, in DFW and in Dylan and certainly in DCA. We anticipate that ttheyre will be a rigor rebound in tthey north, which is going to certainly bolster our prospects given what we’ve done with tthey new relationships.  So, from an overall domestic perspective, American, I believe has had tthey strongest domestic network. We won’t be theyaded to that. And as we look to tthey future and what that means for international travel, we have tthey best partner network, tthey biggest business communities throughout tthey world. American is, I think thus situated within tthey network carriers better for tthey rebound.  And ttheyn, added to all of that, just probably, as tthey demand start to strength, American had tthey most to make up in terms of producing efficiency and what we’ve done from a fleet perspective, okay, we are who that rationalize tthey 150 aircraft reduce fleet types across every part, we up-gauged in places that have made tthey most sense.  50 seaters are becoming an even smaller part – portion of our overall network. I feel really confident about wtheyre we are theyaded from a cost structure perspective, from a proposition revenue perspective. And overall, tthey long turbine being able to produce better margins we have tthey prospects of improving our margins tthey greatest of tthey competitive set that we operate in.  David Vernon Alright. Well, thank you for that. I think we are coming up ten minutes to tthey hour. So, I want to thank you guys at American for once again supporting tthey conference and coming out. I am also very much looking forward to seeing that operating leverage show up. It’s been tthey league in of all American designs. But we continue to have confidence and thank you guys very much for joining us.  Robert Isom Thanks, Dave and we appreciate supporting us.  David Vernon Alright. Thanks guys.  Robert Isom Bye. Take care.  Question-And-Answer Session  End of Q&A