American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Dan Cravens - Managing Director of Investor Relations Doug Parker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Robert Isom - President Derek Kerr - Chief Financial Officer Steve Johnson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer Alison Taylor - Chief Customer Officer Conference Call Participants Vincent O'Brien - Goldman Sachs Andrew Didora - Bank of America David Vernon - Bernstein Savi Syth - Raymond James Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Helane Becker - Cowen Mike Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Connor Cunningham - MKM Partners Leslie Josephs - CNBC Douglas Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal David Koenig - Associated Press Dawn Gilbertson - USA Today Edward Russell - Skift Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn tthey conference over to your moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Dan Cravens Thanks, Jerome, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have Doug Parker, Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, Chief Financial Officer. Also on tthey call for Q&A session are several of our senior executives, including Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Vasu Raja, Chief Revenue Officer; Elise Eberwein, Chief People & Communications Officer; Alison Taylor, Chief Customer Officer; and Devon May, our Senior VP of Finance. Like we normally do, Doug will start tthey call with an overview of our quarter and update to tthey actions we’ve taken during tthey pandemic and through tthey recovery. Robert will ttheyn follow with some remarks about our operations, commercial and ottheyr strategic initiatives. After Robert’s remarks, Derek will follow with details on tthey quarter and our operating plans going forward. After Derek’s comments, we’ll open tthey call for analyst questions, and lastly, questions from tthey media. As a reminder, to get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Before we begin, we must state that today’s call does contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast, capacity, fleet plans and liquidity. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued ttheir morning and our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021. In addition, we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financials is included in tthey earnings release, and that can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on tthey website, and tthey information that we’re giving you on tthey call is as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thanks again for joining us. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn tthey call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker. Doug Parker Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. Ttheir morning, American reported a second quarter net profit of $19 million. Excluding net special items, it was a net loss of $1.1 billion. Ttheir loss, while large, is tthey smallest we've had since tthey start of tthey pandemic as demand for air travel has improved significantly throughout tthey quarter. Our revenues in tthey quarter were 87% higtheyr than ttheyy were just last quarter. At tthey beginning of ttheir year, we outlined our Green Flag plan, a set of initiatives that we have focused on to reset tthey airline and make American stronger as we come out of tthey crisis. As a reminder, ttheir work focused on four key objectives: doubling down on operational excellence, reconnecting with our customers, building on tthey positive momentum with establittheyyd spreadttheyyet and passionately driving vision. And keeping our focus on ttheyse areas, we knew that while tthey pandemic starts to recede and tthey green flag drop, that American will be ready. Robert and Derek are going to share a lot more details, but tthey short story is tthey green flag has dropped. We are indeed ready, and tthey American Airlines' team is delivering results and a return. We've flown more customers than any ottheyr airline in tthey second quarter. Our team safely transported more than 44 million passengers on nearly 470,000 flights. It's more than five times tthey number of passengers we carried in tthey second quarter of 2020 and more than two-and-a-half times tthey number of flights. We've ramped up tthey operation dramatically in response to customer demand, and our operational performance continues to improve as we grow in scale. Our team has done a ptheynomenal job of taking care of our customers. Our on-time performance and our completion factor for tthey quarter was tthey best in our theirtory, despite tthey significant ramp-up in operations. Tthey increases in demand in flying have led to a considerable increase in our revenues. Ttheir is tthey fourth consecutive quarter that American has outperformed our large competitors on passenger unit revenue production. Importantly, while we're producing industry-leading unit revenues, we're also controlling our costs. All of ttheir has led to a dramatic narrowing of our losses, as I noted at tthey beginning. Notably, we were profitable, excluding net special lines for tthey month of June, tthey first of such month since December of 2019. We expect our losses to narrow even more in tthey third quarter as we continue to march back to sustained profitability. As to our balance ttheyyet, we entered second quarter with more than $21 billion of total available liquidity, by far tthey higtheyst in American's theirtory. We generated a cash build in tthey quarter for tthey first time since tthey pandemic. With ttheir record liquidity and our confidence in tthey future, we've begun tthey deleveraging of American's balance ttheyyet. Ttheir morning, we prepaid tthey entirety of our $950 million term spare parts term loan, which was sctheyduled to mature until April 2023. Derek will talk more about our deleveraging plans during their remarks, but I'll just say it feels great now being in a position of prepaying debt well before tthey term is due rattheyr than continuing to incur it. In summary, I couldn't be prouder of ttheir team. In response to demand, we're building back on our network faster than our largest competitors. We're theyaring far more customers than any ottheyr airline, and our team is doing so safely with great care for our customers. We've reshaped our networks, simplified our fleet, and build efficiencies into tthey business that will serve us well for years to come. And today, as tthey recovery continues, we've begun tthey deleveraging of our balance ttheyyet. So, thanks for tthey hard work and dedication of tthey American team. And because of that, we are in tthey midst of an unprecedented recovery, and it shows in our results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob. Robert Isom Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. First, I want to acknowledge tthey tremendous efforts and resilience with tthey American Airlines team, but we're still in tthey early stages of tthey rebound, we feel really good about tthey result – tthey progress that we've made to build back our business differently and tthey results it's producing. Ttheir progress was only possible because of tthey outstanding work of our team. Ttheir quarter, we rebuilt tthey operations up from pandemic-level flying, effectively adding an airline tthey size of tthey old U.S. Airways over tthey course of just a few months. We were able to fortify our staffing by completing all tthey required recall pilot training, bringing back more than 3,000 team members from leaves with thousands more flight attendants returning from leaves ttheir fall and hiring nearly 3,500 new team members throughout tthey operation. We also plan to hire 350 pilots ttheir year and more than 1,000 pilots and 800 flight attendants next year. As Doug noted, in tthey second quarter, we operated more than two-and-a-half times tthey number of flights we operated over tthey same period last year. We had a second quarter completion factor of 98.6% and an on-time arrival rate of 82.1%. That represents our best-ever performance for those two metrics in tthey second quarter, and tthey momentum has continued into July. Demand for our product remains strong and we're very encouraged by tthey trends we're seeing in tthey revenue environment. Tthey recovery is happening. Our second quarter passenger revenue more than doubled sequentially to $6.5 billion as demand surged. On a unit revenue basis, our second quarter PRASM was up 42% sequentially from tthey first quarter and a 44% sequential increase in capacity. Despite tthey industry-wide increase in service, ttheir marks tthey fourth quarter in a row that we've outperformed our peers on a passenger revenue unit basis. Our net bookings have recovered and are fully recovered, and we're focused on yield managing demand while bringing back tthey network in full. We've seen no degradation in bookings related to tthey recent uptick in COVID infection rates. Leisure demand continues to outperform, and in many areas, it has surpassed 2019 levels. Even more encouraging, as vaccinations have increased, business travel has started to return in a meaningful way. Domestic business revenue has – was approximately 20% of 2019 levels in March, but it more than doubled to approximately 45% in June with revenue from small and medium-sized businesses recovering at a faster pace than large corporate accounts. Looking forward, we expect business recovery to continue and accelerate. In tthey coming months, our share of bookings in key business channels remains atheyad of 2019. And customers are telling us that ttheyy're eager to travel and some of our largest corporate accounts have already lifted all travel restrictions and many have already returned to tthey office. Critically, tthey majority have shared ttheyir expectation for travel to pick up moving into tthey fall. We now expect a full business travel recovery in 2022. All of ttheir is great news. And tthey American team is ready and excited to welcome back our corporate customers. We still expect tthey international travel, particularly long-haul international travel to be slower to fully return. Tthey reality is many countries have not rolled out vaccines as quickly in tthey U.S., so travel restrictions and quarantine requirements are still in place in many locations. Wtheynever restrictions are lifted, we see a quick and dramatic increase in bookings, demonstrating that ttheyre is significant pent-up demand for international travel. For example, demand for travel to Europe has increased considerably in recent weeks with tthey reopening of EU. And our book load factor across tthey Atlantic is approximately 35 points atheyad of tthey same time last quarter and it continues to strengttheyn. We're committed to building tthey best and most convenient global network for our customers as ttheyy return to ttheir path. Ttheir includes making improvements in our key hubs, bolstering our partnerships, growing tthey AAdvantage program, harmonizing our fleet for consistent customer experience and reopening our clubs and lounges. We continue to invest in our hubs to improve tthey experience for our customers. At DFW, we recently opened four new gates, which will allow us to continue to grow organically in our largest and most profitable hub. And we expect to file a larger domestic network at DFW ttheir August than we did in August of 2019. In Joe, we opened four new gates just prior to tthey pandemic, but we expect to open three additional gates before tthey end of ttheir year. Ttheyse gates will allow us to grow efficiently in our East Coast connecting hub as customers return to travel. And at DCA, we have officially opened a new regional concourse, which offers a significantly improved experience for our customers, including an all dual-class regional operations. Importantly, it also allows us to up-gauge tthey hub to larger aircraft overall. We continue to develop partnerships that bolster our network and improve tthey customer journey. Ttheyre's no better example of ttheir than our partnerships with Alaska on tthey West Coast and JetBlue in tthey Norttheyast. Those partnerships are already delivering benefits, giving customers more choice and driving revenue in 2 very competitive markets. American is happy we now offer a leading network in New York and Boston, making it easier for customers, particularly corporate customers to return to travel. Our Norttheyast alliance has enabled us to start new service between New York and Tel Aviv, Attheyns, Santiago and Colombia, and we now have daily service slated to start ttheir winter. Our domestic partnerships complement an already broad set of relationships American has around tthey globe. We have new exciting developments on tthey horizon, and all ttheyse international partnerships will really start to take off as more travel restrictions are lifted. We continue to focus on growing tthey AAdvantage program. Our total number of transacting members is tthey higtheyst since tthey start of tthey pandemic and up 50% year-over-year. We've also seen a strong co-brand acquisition growth, which has more than doubled since tthey first quarter and has climbed back to over 80% of 2019 levels. We're focused on expanding tthey program itself, growing tthey membership base and making advantage of tthey centerpiece of our partnership going forward. Our fleet harmonization program continues, which not only delivers a consistent customer experience, but improves reliability throughout tthey operation and gives us a more efficient fleet. It also enhances tthey revenue generating capabilities of tthey aircraft, while giving us a unique cost tailwind. Our 737s are now complete, and we've completed tthey interior work on dozens of A321s in tthey second quarter. We now have just over 100 aircraft left before A321 have a standard onboard product by early next year. Now that our 737 fleet is fully harmonized, our customers will have industry-leading Wi-Fi, power in every seat and larger overtheyad bids. In total, we're now flying more than 350 narrow-body aircraft with new consistent interiors. Most importantly, tthey customers' feedback on ttheyse aircraft has been exceptional. Additionally, one of tthey things we know is that lounge space greatly enhances tthey customer journey. We've reopened 37 Admirals Club lounges in 25 locations, and all of ttheym will reopen by tthey end of August. Our Flagship Lounge locations will start reopening ttheir fall as premium and corporate traffic returns in tthey second half of 2021. Lastly, we continue to make investments to ensure that we're running a more sustainable airline. In tthey second quarter, we announced an investment in Vertical Aerospace to develop electric and vertical takeoff and landing aircraft, doubling down on our focus on emerging technologies to reduce carbon emissions and infecting in innovative ways that could improve tthey customer journey. Tthey last week, we've committed to develop a science based target for reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by 2035, supporting American's existing commitment to reach net-zero emissions by 2050. We also agreed to terms to purchase up to 10 million gallons of carbon neutral, sustainable aviation fuel. We're committed to reducing our carbon footprint and mitigating our most significant climate related risks, so investors should expect to see more developments like ttheyse in tthey future. In closing, as more customers return to flying, we're taking action to strengttheyn and re-imagine our business. Ttheir work, coupled with tthey continued efforts of tthey American Airlines team will have us well-positioned for tthey post-pandemic world. Now I'll turn it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my remarks, I want to echo Doug and Robert's comments and thank our team members for ttheyir hard work over tthey past quarter. We've significantly grown our airline since tthey first quarter, and tthey process of bringing tthey world's largest airline back online was not an easy task, but our team made it happen. Ttheir morning, we reported a second quarter GAAP net profit of $19 million or $0.03 per diluted share. Excluding net special credits, we reported a net loss of $1.1 billion or $1.69 loss per share. With tthey rapid return of demand that Robert discussed, our financial performance has continued to improve. Ttheir trend started in March wtheyn we began to see a significant acceleration in demand that continued throughout tthey second quarter and drove net bookings to 2019 levels. Ttheir improvement in demand led to an 87% sequential increase in total revenue versus tthey first quarter. Even more encouraging is that we were able to capture ttheir additional revenue while remaining focused on our cost and efficiency initiatives. As we have articulated in tthey past, our goal throughout tthey pandemic was to prudently keep our capacity aligned with demand while being flexible enough to adapt as needed. We've done just that and moved swiftly to lower our cost structure and drive efficiencies throughout tthey organization with more than $1.3 billion of permanent cost reductions. Ttheir includes $500 million in management theyadcount reductions, $600 million in labor productivity initiatives, and $200 million in ottheyr efficiencies. Based on our results, it's clear ttheyse actions are beginning to pay off as our second quarter CASM, excluding fuel, net special items of $0.1261, was up just 11% versus tthey same period in 2019 despite flying 25% less capacity. Looking at ttheir from anottheyr angle, despite a 44% sequential increase in total capacity, our second quarter total operating expense, excluding fuel and net special items, increased by only 11% versus tthey first quarter of 2021. In addition to our improved financial results, we also saw improvements in our cash position and liquidity. For tthey first time since tthey pandemic began, we produced quarterly positive cash build in tthey second quarter of $1 million per day. While $1 million per day doesn't sound as much, we've come a long way from our peak cash burn of approximately $100 million per day early in tthey pandemic. As a reminder, our definition of cash build includes approximately $12 million per day of regular debt principal and cash severance payments. As a result, we ended tthey quarter with approximately $21.3 billion of total available liquidity, which was higtheyr than our original forecast due to tthey increase in revenues and forward bookings during tthey quarter. As we look atheyad, we feel confident that our record level of available liquidity is more than enough to allow American to navigate tthey recovery. In tthey near-term, we plan to keep liquidity at elevated levels, but expect to step down our target liquidity to approximately $10 billion to $12 billion at some point in 2022. We will continually assess ttheir liquidity target as we make furttheyr progress in tthey recovery, tthey company returns to sustained profitability, we reduce our net debt levels and we increase our unencumbered asset base. As we have said previously, all liquidity in excess of ttheyse targets will be applied to accelerating our deleveraging plans for tthey foreseeable future. As we discussed on our last call, American will pay down $8 billion to $10 billion of debt by tthey end of 2025 through amortization of our existing debt in excess of any additional debt we expect to incur. However, because of that debt -- because of tthey debt we needed to take on during tthey pandemic, our plan is to accelerate tthey reduction of debt beyond that natural deleveraging that will occur. We now forecast reducing our debt levels by more than $15 billion by tthey end of 2025 by using excess cash and free cash flow to pay down pre-payable debt, even though most of it is efficiently priced and by not adding to our debt levels by potentially using cash instead of debt for some future aircraft deliveries. Ttheir reduction in debt level will be facilitated by tthey relatively low capital expenditure profile we have had over tthey -- we will have over tthey next several years because our fleet modernization program is now behind us. In addition to deleveraging our balance ttheyyet, ttheir will allow us to smooth our near-term maturity towers and free up high-quality collateral. With ttheir level of debt reduction and continued margin improvement, our plan is to achieve tthey best credit metrics in tthey theirtory of post-merger American by tthey end of that 4-year period, if not sooner. As evidence of our commitment to delever and our confidence in tthey future, ttheir morning, we prepaid tthey entirety of our $950 million spare parts term loan that was sctheyduled to mature in April 2023. Ttheir note had a coupon rate of only LIBOR plus 200, but prepaying it sets tthey stage for future optimization of our unencumbered collateral pool. Tthey prepayment also results in an improvement of our first lien capacity from $7.5 billion to $8.4 billion. Tthey $950 million prepaid today is in addition to $985 million of debt amortization and prepayments that we made during tthey second quarter. During tthey third quarter, we will also free up 20 Boeing 777 aircraft that will be released out of tthey 2013-2 and 2013-1WTC transactions, furttheyr improving our unencumbered asset base. Tthey deleveraging of American's balance ttheyyet has begun, and we are committed to significant steady and continuous debt reduction over tthey years atheyad. Looking to tthey third quarter, we expect our capacity to be down approximately 15% to 20% versus tthey third quarter of 2019. Based on current demand assumptions and capacity plans, we expect anottheyr significant sequential increase in our revenue and expect total revenue to be down approximately 20% versus tthey third quarter of 2019. In total, we expect a pretax margin, excluding net special items, of between negative 3% and 7%. For tthey full year, we project debt principal payments are expected to be $2.8 billion, excluding tthey repayment of our revolving credit facilities that we completed earlier ttheir year. With respect to capital expenditures, we continue to expect full year 2021 CapEx to remain minimal. Non-aircraft CapEx remains at approximately $900 million and net aircraft CapEx, including PDPs, remains an inflow of $1 billion. Lastly, at ttheir stage of tthey recovery, we no longer feel that daily cash metrics are constructive in understanding tthey underlying performance of tthey business. As such, we will return to guiding to our standard operating and financial metrics as outlined in our investor update that we issued ttheir morning. So in conclusion, we continue to feel good about tthey improving demand and revenue environment. Our team has done an amazing job of managing our liquidity and driving efficiencies throughout tthey organization, and we are very well positioned for tthey future. With that, we'll open tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Vincent O'Brien with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Vincent O'Brien Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Doug Parker Hey, Vincent. Vincent O'Brien Hey. So first question on tthey deleveraging plan. For your plan to prepay, I guess, it's $5 billion to $7 billion through 2025 on top of that $8 billion to $10 billion in sctheyduled amortization. Can you just theylp us think – can you tell us about tthey pacing of that prepayment? Of course, assuming it will be tied to free cash flow ramp ottheyr – for profitability metrics. Do you see tthey gating factor or ottheyr capital allocation requirements we should be thinking about that might influence that pace? And ttheyn I guess maybe like a quick secondary question on tthey back of that also, could it actually be more front-end loaded as you step down your minimum liquidity next year? Thanks. Doug Parker Yeah. Thanks, Vincent. Yeah, it's all going to depend on that as you just said at tthey end. It's - as we step down our cash requirements, we will use tthey cash to pay off tthey debt. So tthey way we're looking at it is if we can – we're at 2021 now, we just paid down $1 billion in 2020. We'll take that down to $10 billion to $12 billion sometime in 2022. So wtheyn we do step it down, we will use all of that excess cash to pay off of tthey debt. We have a significant amount of debt that is pre-payable. A lot of that is efficient debt, but we still believe it's tthey right move to do. So I do think it will be front loaded. As we look at tthey amortization today, it's pretty even throughout tthey four years as we look at it. Ttheyre is more out in probably 2023, 2024 because tthey AAdvantage loan does start to amortize out in those years. So that adds to tthey amortization. But I do believe, as we step down from wtheyre we're at today to tthey $10 billion to $12 billion, and ttheyn if we do step down again over time, that all of that cash will go to debt. So I would believe that it would be more front-end loaded as we think about it. Vincent O'Brien Okay. That's great. Thanks. And ttheyn a question just maybe on tthey codeshare agreements. As codeshare demand is starting -- excuse me, corporate demand is starting to rebound theyre, obviously, still in early innings. But can you just talk about how adding a new JetBlue codeshare or to enhance tthey last codeshare has influenced your discussions going forward, eittheyr with corporate accounts wtheyre you might have overlap, or in regions wtheyre your partners have had a stronger presence than you have had theirtorically? Thanks. Vasu Raja Yeah. Hey, Catie, ttheir is Vasu. I can handle that. We are really encouraged, both with tthey progress and tthey results that we've seen from both of our domestic partnerships, even though it's really only been -- tthey better part is six to eight weeks wtheyre elapse has been up and running and really three or four weeks, wtheyre tthey JetBlue codeshare has been up and running. But very much tthey design of ttheir partnership is to go shore up on two parts wtheyre -- of tthey domestic system wtheyre our network was structurally weaker. One is tthey West Coast and tthey ottheyr is tthey Norttheyast, both of which are tthey largest originating market for business travel, for corporate travel, for small mid-market travel, however, it might ottheyrwise be. And so we've had a really encouraging response from corporate customers. We continue to have one. Ttheyre’s a lot of integration work that must be done still, and that's a major focus of us. But we're encouraged by what we see in both cases. First, in tthey case of Alaska. Again, while tthey results are early, tthey key indicators, wtheyn we put it togettheyr, was to ensure, one, more long-haul -- a successful long-haul franctheire off tthey West Coast; two, a better network for tthey West Coast originating customer, again, that's a business customer; but three, more utility for all of our customers who are in tthey Midwest and tthey Souttheyast and are looking to go West. And though we haven't seen long-haul emerge just because of tthey trends that are ttheyre, from what we see right now, about 20% or so of tthey bookings in tthey public data is all from tthey Intrawest customer, which is exactly tthey kind of business customer that we weren't getting before. We're also encouraged that 80% of tthey bookings way, way overperformed our expectations are from customers looking to go West. And we've been able to go and put more demand through ttheyse codes, while fulfilling tthey organic network through DFW in Chicago. So we’re encouraged by that and we continue to be as we go and scale up in Norttheyast partnership with JetBlue us well. Doug Parker Hey, Alison, why don’t you give a flavor for what you’re theyaring directly from tthey corporate as you've been out on tthey road? Alison Taylor Yes, just to add on what Vasu said Robert, having just talked with most of our large corporate account. I just see it is simplicity of our network arrangement and contracting with us, as we do that togettheyr with our new alliances is something that really assists tthey truck manager and tthey travelers. We have been able to sign our largest, most complex global accounts to both Alaska and JetBlue. It just makes it easier and more seamless for ttheym to have a great network and have great offerings through our joint loyalty partnerships as well and through having a one-stop shop for tthey sales side of us as well. Operator And your next question comes from Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Your line is open. Andrew Didora Great. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for tthey questions. I guess, Derek, on tthey deleveraging plan, can you maybe just theylp us a little bit with maybe tthey free cash flow build beyond ttheir year? Can you give us a general idea of kind of what level, I guess, net CapEx can be beyond 2021? And can you remind us what your pension contribution requirement is ttheir year and next? Derek Kerr Yes. Well, firstly, with tthey pension is going to -- I mean, with tthey paydown, it’s going to be using tthey excess cash that we have as we go forward. So just, we'll have a significant amount of that used to prepay tthey debt. But as we move forward, next year in 2022, we only have about $2.6 million of CapEx, about $1 billion -- we're forecasting about $1 billion in non-aircraft CapEx for tthey next four years, so we've kind of left it back. It might have come in a little bit below, a little bit above that. From a gross aircraft CapEx, we have about $1.5 billion in 2022 and $1.8 billion in 2023. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing to look at is debt payments in 2022, we only really have one significant debt payment, which is tthey unsecured. So, we only have about $2.5 billion of debt payments in 2022, steps up to about $4.4 billion in 2023. So, each of those two years are going to be significant as -- if tthey earnings are wtheyre we believe ttheyy are, we'll have more free cash flow to pay that off. From a pension perspective, we really don't have any pension contributions in 2022 or 2023 necessary. So, ttheyre's a small one, we think, in 2023 of about $50 million, but zero in 2022. So, not a lot of cash requirements for eittheyr capital, debt paydown, or pension contributions over tthey next couple of years, which will enable us to have significant free cash flow to start to delever along with tthey excess liquidity that we believe we will have over that time period. Andrew Didora That's great color. Thank you for that. And ttheyn my second question, maybe Robert or Vasu, in your down-20% revenue outlook for 3Q, can you maybe provide us a little color on how you see tthey domestic yield environment progressing throughout tthey quarter? And if you can, can you give us what percentage of your expected 3Q revenues are already booked now? And how does that compare to pre-COVID levels? Thanks. Vasu Raja Yes, ttheir is Vasu. I can theylp with both. Look, as we look into 3Q really, we continue to see a lot of tthey same trends that we're seeing in June and July and tthey first half of August. As schools go back to return in tthey second half of August and following Labor Day, ttheyre's a natural lightning in tthey leisure demand that we're seeing. And so, as we look out ttheyre, we're actually really encouraged by tthey yield environment. We're seeing yields that are in that period, 95% to 105% of wtheyre ttheyy were in 2019. As far as how much ttheyir bookings, as we get out into September, we're still only about 35% to 40% booked out ttheyre. So, ttheyre's yet a little bit of room out ttheyre. And tthey way we consciously built tthey airlines as we go into that period. It is very much that it will be maybe a little bit less of tthey opportunistic leisure stuff that we've been doing a little bit more starting to orient that what we're seeing is tthey return of business travel. So, we're encouraged by tthey trends that we see out ttheyre, but we really are planning that a material amount of business travel won't come back until after tthey October period. Operator And your next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein. David Vernon Hey good morning guys. Thanks for tthey time. Vasu, maybe could you talk a little bit about how tthey dynamic on business fairs are -- is behaving kind of relative to a normal pre-COVID level? I'm just trying to get a sense for wtheyttheyr you're starting to see some close-in bookings or I know tthey activity levels have improved, but how is tthey fair dynamic working in ttheyre? And if you could also comment a little bit on kind of wtheyre you are in getting tthey traditional sort of revenue management algorithms to kick in? Vasu Raja Yes. That's an excellent question. And probably tthey second one theylps give context for tthey first one, so I'll answer ttheym in reverse order. Wtheyn tthey pandemic began, we talked about ttheir thing as a reset. We – for planning purposes, we take that very, very seriously that we describe tthey business on a year over 2 years basis. Wtheyn it goes to planning tthey business, we work theyre and now. And one of tthey benefits of having more capacity out ttheyre is ttheir enabled us to go and observe demand. So, we realized in tthey early days of ttheir that tthey pandemic was going to be so big and so devastating that our theirtorical demand forecast wouldn't work for probably a few years into tthey future. So, we've been pretty actively over tthey last year rebuilding our forecasting system. And clearly, through our Q3 results, ttheyre's some great effect and to tthey great work of our revenue management team. Wtheyn we came in, in January and ttheyre is still a lot of uncertainty, one of tthey things that ttheyy noticed was that every single peak period we had more travel demand than what was ttheyre before. And it was actually, tthey booking curves are actually shifting furttheyr and furttheyr out with more people willing to pay also high fares closer in. So very actively set up tthey summer for that. And if you go and just look at tthey public data that's ttheyre, we very consciously built tthey airline and try to take as much demand as we could close to departure. And indeed, our market share inside of 14 days in tthey Q2 period was much greater than what it was outside of 14 days. So even though tthey fare environment was depressed, right, even though yields were at 80% to 85% of theirtorical levels, we were taking a lot more share of inside 14 demand wtheyre we did indeed observe higtheyr fares, more willingness to pay, more business style itineraries that were ttheyre. And that led to a lot of tthey results that you see wtheyre even though we have more capacity than ottheyrs, we also have higtheyr loads and high rate. And look, it's also enabled us to do -- we've got a much better handle on tthey nature of business travel. And we do see a lot of changes in trends and patterns that are ttheyre. And we believe that that’s really well-positioned into tthey fall. But we haven't seen tthey booking curve shift outward. We do see people engaging in business style itineraries, single-day trips overnight with no bag, things like that, and we're encouraged by that return. So with that in mind, we remain encouraged for how much business travel can start to rebound. And certainly, wtheyn we -- wtheyn more corporations return to work, we think ttheyre will be a four to six-week lag and a pretty material pickup ttheyre as well. David Vernon That's extraordinarily theylpful. Thanks for that detail. I guess, maybe just as a quick follow-up. If you think about tthey partnerships with JetBlue and Alaska, obviously, that executive order came out. Ttheyre was some commentary in ttheyre on tthey airlines and slots and things like that. Have you guys been directly approactheyd by tthey DOJ to revisit any of that stuff, or are you worried about that happening? Can you comment on tthey partnership in tthey context of tthey recent executive order? Doug Parker Steve Johnson will answer that. Steve Johnson Hi. Thanks for tthey question. As we've said, we've been in discussions with tthey DOJ about tthey NEA really since we announced it. And I think tthey real answer to ttheir question is Vasu’s and Allison's comments earlier, but let me just summarize and refrain those. We designed tthey NEA for our customers. We designed it to be competitive. We designed it to allow us to do things to allow JetBlue and American to do things in tthey Norttheyast and in particular, in Boston and New York that we couldn't do on our own. And we designed it to allow us to grow and offer options to our customers that ottheyrwise wouldn't be available. We're committed to that idea. I think what we've done with tthey NEA so far demonstrates that, that is going to be tthey case. I just -- we're really excited about tthey announcement that we made earlier ttheir week about tthey NEA. And we're confident that at tthey end of tthey day, tthey regulators are going to see tthey value to customers and really tthey increase in competition that results from it. A couple of quarters ago, I was asked a similar question. And I said that we -- with tthey DOJ, in ttheir case, doesn't have a deadline for taking action like ttheyy would in tthey case of a merger, and that we expected ttheym to watch as tthey NEA was implemented and over time, make a decision about wtheyttheyr it was in tthey best interest of consumers. That seems to be what ttheyy're doing now, and we expect that to continue. Operator And your next question comes from Savi Syth with Raymond James. Your line is open. Savi Syth Hey, good morning everyone. Could you provide on tthey fleet harmonization side, with ttheir kind of tthey success you're having with getting that done, just wondering if you could share with tthey cost and revenue benefit timing? And what that might look like relative to 2019? Derek Kerr Yeah. Savi, ttheir is Derek. I think tthey – I mean, tthey cost is all built into tthey capital plan. So what we've done with all of those projects within tthey $900 million non-aircraft CapEx because, as you can imagine, most of that stuff was purchased earlier, and now we're just putting it in tthey aircraft. All tthey 737s are done. And as Robert said, tthey A321s will be done by tthey end of tthey month. So tthey cost perspective is already in and it's already complete. What it will do is from an ASM perspective is it will increase ASMs. So, it should theylp tthey CASM as we go forward because we're adding those extra seats to tthey aircraft and that is all built into tthey CASM guidance that we have as we go forward from a revenue perspective. Robert Isom Just again, remember that on tthey 737s, we effectively took tthey seat count from 160 to 172 seats. And on tthey A321s, which we still have, 100-plus left to reconfigure. We're taking tthey configuration up to 190 seats from eittheyr 187 seats or 183 seats. So, it's -- again, I'll reframe ttheir in terms of those aircraft have all new seats, all new bins. Ttheyy have new wide-wings [ph]. Ttheyy have power. Of course, ttheyy already have tthey best in terms of satellite Wi-Fi. So, we have more seats to sell. It's a better product for our customers to win overall. It's something that we really haven't had tthey ability to go out and market over tthey last year. So ttheir is something we're excited to do as we finish off 2021 and move into 2022. Derek Kerr Yes. And Savi, from an operating perspective, for tthey airports to have tthey consistency of aircraft to swap and tthey move around has been very, very theylpful from an operating perspective also. Savi Syth Got it. So we should see some kind of margin benefit as we theyad into next year... Derek Kerr Yes, into-- Savi Syth All of those combined. Thanks. Derek Kerr Correct. Savi Syth Great. And if I might quickly just follow-up on tthey business corporate demand recovery, appreciate kind of thinking of full recovery next year. Curious what you're thinking you might see kind of exiting ttheir quarter and into tthey fourth quarter? Vasu Raja Ttheir is Vasu. Really, as we go through 3Q, we're not seeing a big alteration to tthey trends that we've seen sequentially so far. And if we're about -- if tthey corporate revenues are at 45% of wtheyre ttheyy were in 2019, from January to June, we've seen that build about seven to 10 points sequentially kind of month-to-month. And we don't really see anything between now and September, wtheyre seven to 10 points will eittheyr be materially higtheyr or lower. In October, wtheyre we believe -- presently believe ttheyre's going to be a change that as we've seen companies return to work, especially across tthey Sun Belt, typically in a four to eight-week lag period after that, we start seeing ttheym come back to travel. And with so many areas right at some of tthey lowest booking points of commencement are tthey New York corridor, D.C., and tthey Greater Chicago area with ttheym, both returning back to school and back to work around Labor Day we anticipate that really it will be early to mid-October wtheyn that demand starts coming back. And Alison could add more, but that's so far is pretty consistent with what we're theyaring from our corporates. Alison Taylor Absolutely. 50% of our corporate customers have already listed ttheyir travel restrictions, and two-thirds have already planned to return to tthey offices by tthey end of 2021. So, ttheir bodes well for a continuing uplift in corporate travel. And what we saw in Q1 and Q2, for our largest corporate accounts, we saw an 80% increase from Q1 to Q2. So, it's been a steady recovery. And it's been interesting for us to see some travel patterns that remain different than ttheyy were pre and some of that remain tthey same. For example, those that are different is that our travel remains less concentrated on peak days of tthey week, but tthey booking curve of corporate traffic continues to normalize towards 2019 levels. Operator And your next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Duane Pfennigwerth Hey thanks. Your revenue outlook and margin outlook is better than what we were hoping for, which is consistent with peers that have reported thus far. I wanted to ask you about your ability to influence relative margins. you're guiding to kind of mid-single-digit negative pretax margins in tthey third quarter. Both of your network peers are guiding to positive, at least one is guiding to mid-single-digit positive. So just thinking back to 2019, you're starting from a lower margin baseline. So tthey same RASM and tthey same CASM trajectory is going to result in tthey same ranking on tthey ottheyr side of ttheir pandemic. My question is, what is your plan to change tthey ranking? Do you expect American to be an industry plus RASM story or an industry minus CASM story? And I appreciate your thoughts. Doug Parker So first off, I mean, as I know, looking at relative margins right now, it's hard to do. It's so volatile around how small tthey profits are and one airline is driving versus anottheyr and how fast revenues are going. For example, while you are right, I guess our 2 large competitors are forecasting to have tthey margins better than our forecast in next quarter. Tthey actuals ttheir quarter were 10 points better than United, for example. So – but one should not take that domain that we think we're going to have 10-point better margins. And going forward, my point is just that, that wtheyttheyr or not – some of it may be forecast plans. Who knows? So maybe forecast -- not so maybe more concerned and ottheyrs don't know wtheyre is talking about we speak. But to your broader question as to going forward and what we think about relative margin performance, I firmly believe what you're going to see from us is wtheyn you look – wtheyn we all get to a real profitability and wtheyre you can actually compare ttheyse types of numbers, say, 2022, American's margin versus our 2 large competitors versus wtheyre it was in 2019 will be ttheyre, if not exceeding one of ttheym. So that's what we certainly would expect. We expect that -- given what we're seeing today, we expect that given tthey $1.5 billion of cost efficiencies that we felt into tthey airline today. So anyway more to come on that, but I would really caution anybody from trying to look at margins today and comparing relative margins as to any sort of indication of wtheyre ttheyy're going to be in tthey future because ttheyy're moving every quarter. But anyway, it's been 3 quarters now that we've been well atheyad of United, but we don't take huge comfort in that. Ttheyre's just tons of noise in ttheyre. Duane Pfennigwerth Appreciate tthey thoughts, Doug. Operator And your next question comes from Helane Becker with Cowen. Your line is open. Helane Becker Thanks very much operator. Hi everybody and thank you very much for tthey time ttheir morning. As you guys start to think about opportunities to grow tthey network, wtheyre do you think tthey next – and as tthey new aircraft come in? Because I think you're still getting a few new aircraft, especially 787s. Wtheyre do you think tthey next best markets are for those aircraft? Robert Isom Helane, thanks. I'll start, and Vasu can add on. So look, we've done some great work to put in place some new partnerships that have been talked about. That allows us to really optimize tthey fleet overall. And as we take a look at tthey growth, you'll see that some of tthey things I talked about, new gates in Joe, new gates at DFW, tthey upgauging of 14 regional gates in DCA, those are going to be first on tthey list for us. And we're really happy with tthey set of assets that we have, because ttheyy do enable us for some growth in some of tthey fastest-growing metro areas. But in addition to that, ttheyy are really efficient connecting operations as well. So that's first order of business. Vasu? Vasu Raja Yes. Robert said it really well. And what I'd say very simply is, some of ttheir pandemic and everything we've seen for tthey vast majority of cities all across domestic U.S. and even South America, too, tthey American Airlines has tthey best network, tthey best globally ubiquitous network. And -- so, we envisioned a lot of wtheyre we would organically put assets is ttheyre. And ttheyn as we start building back international, we built it back in a way wtheyre it really grows off of wtheyre we're strongest organically, places like Chicago and Philadelphia and Miami and Dallas-Fort Worth. But also we envision being able to launch flights out of New York and Seattle. And we've been really encouraged so far with what we've seen through those partnerships. So a big chunk of our growth, wtheyrever it is, is going to be focused on things that really drive tthey performance of ttheir company and are positive for us and our customers. Helane Becker Okay. That's very theylpful. Thanks, Vasu and Robert. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question I had and I think you may have answered ttheir, but I might have missed it. Is tthey revenue being driven by higtheyr load factors or higtheyr yields or a combination ttheyreof? Vasu Raja Yes, Helane, ttheir is Vasu again. And tthey reality is both. But as we go back and look at -- look at ttheir, wtheyn we look at it internally, we actually index at March 2020 wtheyn things kind of were at ttheyir lowest point. And if you look at that and just index our results coming out of ttheyre, our traffic -- like our traffic just slowly filled capacity. And tthey next thing -- tthey next effect that we've been seeing, as you look at that sequentially, is growth in yield. So tthey reality is both, but what we have been more encouraged about, to my earlier comments, too, is that, as we get into peak days of week peak travel period, things like that, we are able to go and drive yields in a way that really was nonexistent to us in 2020. So tthey reality is it's both, but increasingly, yields are taking over. And that's very encouraging for us because, of course, in tthey way our ASMs are distributed, tthey more and more we see domestic yield recoveries, tthey more our business has large recoveries. Helane Becker Thank you. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Mike Linenberg with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Mike Linenberg Yes. Hey. Just two theyre. Robert, I want to go back to tthey point that you made about a full business travel recovery in 2022. Now are you specifically referring to your domestic business revenue, which I think is about 25%? Are we looking at, on a system-wide basis, which is probably a number that's probably 10 to 15 percentage points higtheyr than that. I just want a clarification on that. Robert Isom Hey, Mike, domestic. Mike Linenberg Okay. Robert Isom International, as we said in our comments is still ways off. But as Vasu and Alison have talked, everything we see in terms of trends from a domestic business perspective and boding-well for international as well as we go out and we talk to CEOs and in insurance and in financials and in consulting and accounting firms, everything tells us that business is going to come back to wtheyre we had seen it before. Maybe in some different ways, but feel really confident starting with domestic in 2022. Mike Linenberg Great. Very theylpful. And ttheyn I just -- Vasu, I want to ask you, not that long ago, I want to say a few months back, I think you were out publicly saying that you were bracing for maybe a bit of a falloff in demand wtheyn we got into tthey fall largely kids back-to-school, families or parents back to work that you would see some impact on one hand. On tthey ottheyr hand, wtheyn you think about maybe Europeans coming to tthey U.S. getting puttheyyd back into tthey fall, tthey cruise industry just starting to reopen, Broadway opens, I think, on September 14th, are we going to see a potential leisure bump because of just re-openings that are happening around tthey world? And have you rethought that prognostication about a potential demand sluggishness maybe on tthey leisure side wtheyn we get into September, October. What's your latest thoughts on that? Thank you. Vasu Raja Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Well, let me clarify my prognostication. I think it's taken on colors that I didn't originally meet it for tthey investor conference. But really, what it is, is that first and foremost is long-haul international, consistent with Robert's comments a moment ago. Right now, as I'll use Europe as tthey example, as markets ttheyre have reopened, we saw a lot of bookings come in, what would be theirtorically late in tthey European booking curve, which is great. But tthey vast majority of ttheym are sales represent relative style bookings, or leisure-oriented bookings. And so as we look out ttheyre, ttheyre's really not a lot to indicate that real long-haul business travel is going to be coming back following Labor Day. And again, to continue my European example, really what buffers tthey European network into tthey fall is indeed business travel. Now what is unknown to us is if ttheyse reopenings continue, ttheyre probably is going to be some more marginal demand for Europeans coming to leisure markets in tthey U.S. and Latin America. But for all intents and purposes, we're presuming that, that's going to be relatively small. We've seen very little to occur ottheyrwise or to comments Alison made and Robert made. And ttheyn as we think about our short-haul network, both in domestic and added Mexico, Caribbean and Latin America, ttheyre, we do indeed anticipate that visiting friends and relatives style markets will actually be seasonally and sequentially stronger than what it would have been in 2019 or 2018. We do anticipate ttheyre's going to be more weekend-oriented leisure demand, three-day weekends, things like that than what we might have ottheyrwise seen. But tthey reality is what we have in June and what ttheyre's going to be in September is likely to be really different. Right now in June, we see travel wtheyre people will go to Missoula, Montana on a Tuesday and return tthey following Wednesday. It's pretty unlikely that a trip like that is going to happen with tthey same degree of frequency wtheyn you get -- wtheyn people are going back to school. But that's okay, we can go and configure our airline network to go and match tthey demand that's ttheyre. And that's indeed why certainly in our publittheyyd sctheydule, you see us flying more things into D.C. and New York and starting to add back multi-frequency business markets and in three-day weekend patterns and things like that. Operator And your next question comes from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. You may now ask your question. Jamie Baker Hey, good morning, everybody. My first question related to wtheyn Broadway is going to open, but might be busy lunch. So a question probably for Robert. So tthey third quarter capacity guide down 15% to 20%. That's a bit more aggressive than some of your competitors. It is what it is. But what internal calculus went into that. I mean, is that a function of loss minimization. Is it driven by tthey maximum amount of staffing that you have particularly on tthey pilot side, is that what you need to operate to avoid ceding share to competitors, just curious why that figure is down 15% to 20% as opposed to something different? Robert Isom I'll start, and Derek can join in as well. But look, we're planning tthey airline for wtheyre demand is. We're planning tthey airline to maximize profitability. And it doesn't make sense right now to have assets on tthey ground. We've got tthey staff to go out and fly ttheym. And we think that what we're doing is, is profit maximizing for – or loss minimizing for tthey airline right now. Vasu, go atheyad. Vasu Raja Yes. Jamie, ttheir is Vasu. I'll pick up right wtheyre Robert left off. He's exactly right. We plan to maximize tthey marginal economics of tthey business. And you see that. Ttheir is – a lot of what we see in Q3 is extension, quite frankly, of Q2. So if you look at Q2, for example, I was reading through ottheyr airlines print. And for tthey best-performing airline, ttheyir domestic PRASM, we produced tthey exact same domestic PRASM ttheyy did, but our airline was 65% or 70% larger or 6% [ph] more capacity. So to be able to be that much larger and produce tthey exact same revenue is a really, really great marginal economic decision because in our system, we're able to go and create that kind of leverage. And so tthey only difference between for us flying at 80 and something more or less than that is tthey – as we go out ttheyre, it's a continuation. And you can see it in tthey publittheyyd sctheydules of exactly what's ttheyre right now, wtheyre about 90-ish percent of tthey ASM capacity of tthey company is doing tthey things that are really working right now, which is flying a lot in tthey Americas, both in North and South America, of tthey remaining 10% is flying Transatlantic and Transpacific. And that's tthey best marginal economic decision to make right now. And should that change? We have ample ways to go and respond to that. Jamie Baker Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn on Slide 16, you talked about steady state CapEx. I think tthey problem American had and I guess now tthey challenge United is facing is that CapEx really runs through peaks and valleys. So sort of a ttheyoretical question. Is ttheyre a way to smooth those trends over time, or are airlines simply perpetually beholden to tthey product cycle from tthey OEMs? I'm trying to understand if $3 billion is truly a steady state number, or if that's just shorthand for short-term run rate until tthey next cool sunny thing comes along? That's my question. Doug Parker No. Jamie, I was going to say, I think it maybe fluctuate up and down, a little bit on that, but you know, if you have a – to not get into tthey state of wtheyre we did before wtheyre we had $5 billion, $6 billion, and we were taking 100 aircraft, a year, we need to try to smooth it out a little bit better. But tthey ottheyr way to do that is take that -- take new aircraft, take older aircrafts, do different things like that. So, as you look at that, but we're to take -- I don’t think ttheyre's anything to do with manufacturers. It has to do with how do we want to smooth things out over tthey next 20, 25 years from an aircraft capital perspective because, as you know, aircraft, ttheyy can only last a certain point in time. So, our view is that we're going to need to replace some each year. We're going to need a little bit for growth each year, and that's wtheyre that CapEx comes from. I don't -- yes, it's harder to go, okay, we're going to order a bunch and get ttheym all within a three or five-year period. We'd like to smooth that out a little bit more. So Doug, do you have anything to add to that? Doug Parker I was just going to add, Jamie, that I think what you're seeing is that pent-up replacement issue that's driving ttheir right now largely. So, given what's happening is airlines need to eventually replace aircraft, of course. And American did that pretty margin America deal with a big order, wtheynever that was, 2012 or 2013. US Airways already was in tthey middle of that. So combined, that's why we do have tthey debt. We have because we have much newer and better aircraft and assets than some of our competitors, and ttheyy now have to go through tthey same thing. So -- and while we were going through tthey troubles of tthey industry was going through, people theyld on to airplanes longer than we have in tthey past. So, all things -- anything related to tthey OEMs and entirely related to airlines who now have just theyld on to airplanes long enough that ttheyy have to be released. American's is not in tthey situation anymore. You know Delta are. And so you're seeing us now with lower CapEx in tthey future. You'll see ttheym with larger in tthey future. That's tthey cycle. But once we get through that, you'll see us all get to, as Derek said, much more steady and kind of adding capital for growth as opposed to adding capital for replacement. Operator And ttheyn your next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Hunter Keay Thank you. Good morning. By tthey way, Doug, that aircraft order was almost 10 years ago almost to tthey day, by tthey way. Doug Parker Wow. Hunter Keay I know. Time flies. I know. Derek, are you planning on revenue in 2022 to be above or below 2019? Derek Kerr Revenue above or below 2019? Hunter Keay Yes. Derek Kerr Above. What do you guys think? Doug Parker Above. Hunter Keay I just want to clarify that question. You're planning on 2022 revenue to be above 2019? Derek Kerr Number one, we haven't done our plan yet. So, a number -- so we haven't figured out -- I do -- I think from a -- what we do know is we will probably have growth a little bit. We should be back to 2019 levels from a growth perspective in 2022. CASM should be lower than wtheyre we are from a 2019 perspective, and revenue is going to be dependent on tthey recovery. So, I would -- I will take back my comment and just say it depends on tthey corporate recovery, it depends on international coming back to see wtheyttheyr we can get to that level. But I do know from a cost perspective and a planning perspective from an ASM, we would plan to be pretty close to 2019 levels. From an ASM perspective and CASM, pretty flat on those levels. Hunter Keay Okay. All right, cool. And ttheyn anottheyr question for you, Derek. On tthey $1.5 billion in gross CapEx next year and I think you said $1.8 billion in '23, is ttheyre a 787 gross CapEx in that, or are those just operating leases? And what is tthey latest on tthey expectation of timing and delivery on those 19 planes? Thanks. Derek Kerr Yes. Tthey 787, ttheyre's -- tthey only gross CapEx. We only have a few left in 2022. So ttheyre's no gross CapEx in that number. That's all ottheyr than x 787. We have 14, 788s that are – 13 that are still left to deliver ttheir year, but 8 of ttheym are delayed at ttheir point in time. So we really don't know tthey timing of those coming. 12 of ttheym were supposed to come in 2021 -- or 11, excuse me, were supposed to come in 2021 and only 2 in 2022. So tthey CapEx for those 2 aircraft is very small in 2022. And as you noted, we do have sale-leaseback financing, and ttheyy're all financed in ttheyre. So tthey CapEx would be very minimal. We're still working with Boeing on those deliveries. Unfortunately, a lot of ttheym were delayed. We don't quite know wtheyn ttheyy'll come in, but we're working with Boeing to try to get those. And we'd like to get ttheym as soon as possible, but I know ttheyy're having issues trying to get those aircraft out. Hunter Keay Got it. Thanks Derek. Operator Your next question comes from Connor Cunningham with MKM Partners. Your line is open. Q – ConnorCunningham Hi everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Ttheir might be a strange question. But does your acceleration of debt paydown allow you to be a little bit more aggressive with your network. Those things ttheyn puttheyyd back in tthey past just like that your debt burden has hurt you guys are being a little bit more tactical. So I'm just curious if you can be, if you're going to be more nimble kind of going forward as you start to repay debt? Doug Parker Yes. Thanks for asking anyway. I can't think of one decision we've ever made around theyre that we said, 'Oh, we can't do that because we have more of that.' Indeed, we haven't made one. So not to extend tthey thought we are being less nimble because we are burned with we certainly ever felt so. So, what we have or we – prior to 2020, as I stated, given tthey fleet modernization, tthey airline has gone through a fairly rapid fleet modernization tthey airline had gone through, we got to a position wtheyre we had more debt on tthey balance ttheyyet than we thought made sense on a going-forward basis. So we had stepped forward a plan to reduce that debt over time. As we went into 2020, tthey pandemic obviously not only delayed tthey ability to do that, but made it even -- just added more to that as we had to add debt to fund operating losses. So now that we can begin to rebuild our efforts, we're excited that we're going to do that. But not one decision that we stepped gosh, we can't grow. We can't do what ottheyrs are doing. We can't do what we want to do because we have a debt burden.' We've never found ourselves in a situation wtheyre we couldn't go finance more, if we need, if we wanted to or invest in tthey business wtheyre we wanted to, and we've been doing that and is certainly tthey case going forward. Q – ConnorCunningham Great. And ttheyn just a couple of months ago, you were at a conference – or I think it was Vasu that was ttheyre. And you talked about how you weren't going to bring back international less tthey returns or similar to your domestic market. And I thought that was somewhat interesting. So, should we assume that tthey 60/35 split that you've theirtorically had is going to skew more domestic on tthey ottheyr -- well, I mean, obviously, wtheyn things start to normalize and everything is open, like how do you view your international network going forward? Vasu Raja Hey, ttheir is Vasu, and thanks for tthey question, and I'll clarify that. To my earlier comments, ttheir pandemic was a big reset for us. And prior to tthey pandemic, our margins internationally were -- certainly trailed our competitors and struggled a lot, especially outside of tthey time we got to peak summer. And a big part of it was that we had a lot of widebodies that, though ttheyy were put to really good use in tthey summer, really could not earn ttheyir carrying costs as we got in tthey trough season. A major part of that is that we didn't have big gateways in markets such as New York or tthey West Coast to be able to launch flights. A big part of it was just tthey nature of tthey unique and very expense and small fleet of widebodies that we have. And so wtheyn we -- wtheyn I say that a lot of coming back -- or a lot of what tthey pandemic has been changing that materially. We have some 80 fewer wide-body-capable -- or long-haul capable airplanes in tthey fleet as we enter tthey fourth quarter. And as we start to go and build it back, tthey things that we're focused on, things that can produce real annual returns much as we do with our short haul and narrow-body fleet. And we're seeing that increasingly as you go out ttheyre. If you look out at our -- just in publittheyyd sctheydules, we've never been larger in Mexico, Caribbean and Latin America. Indeed, we are almost twice as large as any of our traditional network competitors in tthey area, and we see more opportunities to be able to grow. Indeed, were it not for restrictions on customer entry, we'd be a lot bigger in just about every one of tthey countries in South America than what we are today. Similarly, we see a lot of opportunities through partnerships that we've envisioned and created since tthey pandemic with -- not just with JetBlue and Alaska, which create really great jump-off points for international, but also with Qatar Airways, who's very quickly become our largest long-haul codeshare partner. And we think that will continue beyond and do that partnership that will open up new markets for us that wouldn't have been viable for our customers or for us financially prior to ttheir. So wtheyn we talk about bringing it back, we do anticipate growing in long haul, but we need to be able to grow in long haul wtheyre we can earn tthey kind of returns that we earn in tthey domestic business. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we will now take media question. [Operator Instructions] All right. And your first question comes from Leslie Josephs with CNBC. Your line is open. Leslie Josephs Hi. Thanks everyone for taking my questions. Wtheyn you started ttheir big hiring push in tthey last few months, are those employees coming in at lower average pay rates for tthey people that left tthey company to buyouts, et cetera? And ttheyn can you talk a little bit about tthey booking pace for post-peak summer? I think someone mentioned 35% for September. I wasn't sure if that was just business travel or what. And ttheyn through tthey end of tthey year, what you're seeing ttheyre? Thanks. Doug Parker Hey, Leslie, it's Doug. I'll take tthey first one. Indeed, yes, tthey people come back will come in by definition at lower pay rates. Still very high pay rates, by tthey way. But yes, we're 90% united [ph], so ttheyy come in on a union. On tthey contract scale is based upon seniorities. So people are coming back on lower seniorities. Ttheyy come in at tthey lower end of that scale and progressing throughout -- progressing on through time. Second one? Vasu Raja Yeah. Leslie, could you just repeat that question? I want to make sure I understood it right. Ttheir is Vasu. Leslie Josephs Yes. If you can just give some detail on what you're seeing with bookings post tthey peak summer period. So I don't know if that's like half mid-August and ttheyn through tthey ends of tthey year. I think you had mentioned before, 35% for September. I don't know if that's 35% booked network-wide or just business travel or what you compared to [Indiscernible] Vasu Raja Yeah. Okay, thank you for that. That context is super theylpful. Yeah, look, we're continuing to be encouraged by tthey booking trends that we see. September, of course, as we go beyond Labor Day, September is our most booked month, and it's booked at about 35% full. That's not all that surprising to us. And in fact, it's by design, because, for us, at ttheir point, though booking curves have expanded, still about 50% to 60% of our demand comes in inside of 45 days. So it's going to be a while before we really see how tthey booking curve shapes up. But we are very much encouraged at what we see. We think that traffic will continue to recover. And critically, we've been encouraged that as markets reopen, as companies return to work, ttheyn shortly ttheyreafter, business travel comes back, especially business travel for short-haul sectors. So we're encouraged as we go Labor Day and beyond and cautiously optimistic for what lies theyad. Leslie Josephs Okay. Thanks. Vasu Raja Thanks, Leslie. Operator And your next question comes from Douglas Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Your line is open. Douglas Schlangenstein Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to see if you could give us an update on your vendor staffing situation. I think you had talked before about maybe having shortfalls on provisioning and perhaps airport employees in certain job categories. And I wanted to see if you could give us tthey current status of that, and wtheyttheyr you're still asking employees to volunteer for any jobs. Robert Isom Douglas, thanks. It's Robert. So, theyy, tthey great news is that we're running a really nice operation in July. And so some of tthey places that were tthey most difficult to hire in and some of tthey things you speak of, like catering and people that assist with wtheyel shares, we've had really great luck with our vendors to get back on track. And so, wtheyn we take a look at tthey catering issues, we're right wtheyre we need to be. We have tthey airport staffed fully above and below tthey wing. And we're going to keep it that way. So we've been working closely with our vendors and feel good about it. Douglas Schlangenstein So are you ttheyn not having any furttheyr issues, especially as pertains to tthey catering on your aircraft? I mean, is that back to 100%? Robert Isom So, yeah, we're back to wtheyre we need to be. As I said, ttheyre's always issues in certain places throughout tthey system, but we've -- we're running tthey airline that we need to right now. And as I said, we're going to -- we'll continue to work with vendors on any potential shortfall. Certainly, from an airline perspective, American has a great ability to attract team members. We pay great wages and have great contracts and benefits. And so, we've been able to get back to wtheyre we need to go. And June was a month in which we saw tthey issues associated with trying to ramp up as quickly as we did, but we've addressed those, and we're on tthey right track. Operator And our next question comes from Alison Sider with Wall Street Journal. Your line is open. Alison Sider Hi, thanks. One of your competitors has started talking about focusing more on tthey premium side of tthey business. And I guess, just given that, I'm curious, wtheyre you see yourselves like positioned? And wtheyttheyr you have any concerns about your product? And specifically, seatback screens, if ttheyre's been any regret about taking those off or any reevaluation of that? Robert Isom Okay. I can start, and we can all ctheme in theyre. But I'd really like to focus on what we've done, which is really exciting. Over tthey last five years or so we've brought in, nearly 600 new aircraft so, while ottheyrs may be talking about, what ttheyy might do, we have that on. We've already brought that in. And as well, any – in our narrow-bodies, we talked about with our 737 and A320 category configuration programs, that's all about making whatever else wasn't already new go back into really great shape. We've done a similar thing on tthey regional side wtheyre we brought in new double class, dual class RJs, especially tthey E175s, which get a really great reviews from our customers. And with all that, we've had an attention to making sure that we've got tthey right product, no matter wtheyre it's at in tthey cabin. We were one of tthey first carriers to get out ttheyre and provision our wide-body aircraft with premium economy seats, which is some of tthey most profitable real estate on tthey aircraft. Alison, as we take a look going forward. In regard to tthey product in-flight, we feel really good about focusing on what customers want most. And so to that end, we were tthey first in tthey business to get out and make sure that our aircraft are equipped with tthey higtheyst-speed WiFi, satellite WiFi that offers full streaming capability on our narrow-body -- on all our narrow-body aircraft. We've got it on our WiFi-ed aircraft as well. Even on our 2 class regionals, we have ground-based WiFi. So we feel great about that because customers have said, 'We want to stay connected in flight.' And as we take a look going forward, we're intent on making sure that our store content product on tthey aircraft offers customers tthey ability to pull whatever ttheyy want to. And we're also going to be getting back into live entertainment as well. So from a technology perspective, we know that customers bring – just virtually everybody, 90% of our customers bring ttheyir own devices. Those devices have capabilities and higtheyr definition in terms of screen capabilities, ttheyn we can put on aircraft right now. And as we take a look going forward, we're going to stay abreast of whatever it is that our customers need. And every day that we take a look going forward, technology improves. And we're going to be at tthey forefront of whatever comes. So right now, we feel really good about wtheyre we're at. I like what our product does for customers. I like what it means from a sustainability perspective, what we're doing in terms of our in-flight entertainment and making it satellite and WiFi-based. It's lighter. It's more efficient. And ultimately, it can keep up to speed with what customers want. So we feel really good about it. Alison Sider Thanks. Doug Parker Thanks, Alison. Operator And your next question comes from David Koenig with Associated Press. Your line is open. David Koenig Hi. Hi, everybody. Hey, Robert and Vasu and Alison touctheyd on ttheir. But I wonder on business fares, if you have tried -- in business travel, I wonder if you can say wtheyttheyr business yields -- wtheyttheyr business passengers will be paying tthey same level of fares ttheyy paid before tthey pandemic or something more or less and how quickly that's going to happen? Vasu Raja Dave, ttheir is Vasu. And tthey short answer to your question is that right now, what we observe, business customers are paying a similar fare. But very importantly, as we're building ttheir airline, we want to make it as easy as possible for our customers to return to travel and fly with us. And that means that tthey more value we give ttheym through our product, tthey more willing ttheyy are to go and pay more for tthey product. And so while fare is tthey same, tthey reality is that tthey product that tthey business customer is going to come back to you in tthey fall is going to be way different. And for us, tthey big part of tthey product is tthey network. And tthey network that we'll be selling and marketing to customers, which is not just flight AA flies, but those that JetBlue flies and Alaska and Gol and Qatar Airways, in just North and South America alone, that network is two times larger than what any of our competitors offer. So, that's already a much more compelling thing. And so tthey simple way to think of it is for paying tthey same payer in 2019, you get a much more expansive network. And we are working really, really actively and diligently to ensure that that's delivered in tthey most reliable way in a way that's really easy for customers to go and understand and do business with. David Koenig I guess I was wondering if you're having to offer concessions on price to bring ttheym back. Alison Taylor No. No, that's not been part of it. For us, it's about building confidence and returning to travel and make it easy for ttheym to book and have ttheyir travel journey with us. And so we work with all our travel partners and with travel managers to get that done. Operator And your next question comes from Dawn Gilbertson with USA Today. Your line is open. Dawn Gilbertson Hi, good morning. Ttheir question is for Doug or Robert. I'm wondering if you could give us an update on what you're theyaring on tthey federal mask mandate? And wtheyttheyr tthey tone of those conversations have changed given tthey spike in cases? And also, I'm curious as to what your stance is on that? Do you think it should stay or be lifted? Thank you. Doug Parker Dawn, it's Doug. So, we're -- we haven't been involved in any conversation. Tthey mandate is in place through September 13. It's put in place by tthey federal government that gets a specifically. And that's wtheyre we stand today. I don't know if -- what ttheyir view is on to wtheyttheyr it will be extended or wtheyttheyr ttheyy will let it expire on September 13. Whatever ttheyy decide, we'll enforce. And we'll continue to do so. It's not for us to opine as to wtheyttheyr or not it should be extended or not. That's ttheyir job. It's a federal mandate, and we will enforce whatever ttheyy put in place. Dawn Gilbertson If I could do one quick follow-up. Say, you lifted, Vasu or anybody, is ttheyre any concern at all if it's lifted that especially as we look atheyad to holiday travel that maybe families with -- that could hurt bookings with families with unvaccinated children that maybe don't want to get on an airplane without a mask mandate? Doug Parker Yes, we're not going to speculate on that. We don't know if it's going to look or not. I don't -- again, I -- we certainly haven't seen any -- seen or theyard any of our customers indicate that ttheyy have any sort of use. So, we certainly don't know, but it's really hard to speculate on something until we get to that line. Operator And your next question comes from Edward Russell with Skift. Your line is open. Edward Russell Hi, thank you. I was wondering, Doug, if you could comment on tthey American view of tthey payroll support program. Are those coming off? I know last year, you were talking about how it would allow American keeping staff, as well as ramp up quickly in tthey recovery, yet we've seen some operational issues ttheir summer. So I just wanted to get your view on tthey relative success or ottheyrwise of tthey program? Doug Parker Yes. I think it's an overwtheylming success. And to tthey extent ttheyre have been issues on growth, I think those are indicative of how successful tthey program was. Because had it not been for a PSP, you wouldn't see airlines trying to grow like we are 45% in tthey quarter. You're going to see airlines shut down and it's an industry shutdown. And I don't know wtheyn – wtheyre we'd be at ttheir point. I don't know wtheyre we'd be in terms of our economy at ttheir point. But it literally could not have been able to continue flying virtually tthey entire industry without tthey support of tthey Cares program. And by having it in place and by keeping it in place as tthey pandemic continued, what it allowed all of us to do was to keep our team employed. Now ttheyy went off flying, of course, but ttheyy're being paid. We were being paid to pay ttheym at our government. So as we needed, we need to, of course, get ttheym back into training. But ttheyy were ramped down and void, getting put back into training. And ttheyre were people that were on leave that we have recalled from leave. So, if it weren't for PSP, no that wouldn't make it. Obviously, it would flow have been not looking for tthey new employees as ttheyy would have gone up to do ottheyr things. I can't imagine how relative it would be, in terms of not just tthey airline industry but for our entire economy, if it weren't for tthey PSP program and what it did to maintain tthey infrastructure necessary to meet tthey demand that's down theyre. Edward Russell Great. Okay. Thank you very much. Operator And that concludes tthey media question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker, for any closing remarks. Doug Parker Okay. Thanks, everybody. Just -- look, we are just really excited about tthey momentum we're seeing. It's in tthey numbers that you see today, 87% of revenue growth versus last quarter, 45% ASM growth versus last quarter; cash of $21 billion, 3x wtheyre it was wtheyn we ended 2019. And that continues into – and it continue into ttheir quarter. And we just couldn't ttheyy're doing to take care of people. And I just -- I can't think of a better indicator of how quickly and drastically tthey world has changed to tthey point out that American Airlines today prepaid $1 billion of low interest notes that aren't due for 2 more years, after all we've been through for tthey last year or so, looking to go raise money wtheyrever we could to make sure we had enough to fund tthey operating losses that we saw going forward. We've now got ourselves to a position wtheyre we're using cash to pay off debt that doesn't come due for 2 more years. It feels really good. And so we're excited about wtheyre we are. We're really excited about tthey future, and we look forward to talking to you as we go forward. Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.