American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 21, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Doug Parker – CEO Robert Isom – President Derek Kerr – CFO Maya Leibman – Chief Information Officer Steve Johnson – EVP Elise Eberwein – EVP Vasu Raja – Chief Revenue Officer Dan Cravens – Head of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker – JPMorgan Connor Cunningham – MKM Partners Stheyila Kahyaoglu – Jefferies David Vernon – Bernstein Dan Mckenzie – Seaport Global Steptheyn Trent – City Chris Delhopeles – Susquehanna Helane Becker – Cowen Duane Pfennigwerth – Evercore ISI Andrew Didora – Bank of America Mike Linenberg – Deutscthey Bank Alison Sider – Wall Street Journal Leslie Josephs – CNBC David Koenig – Associated Press Dawn Gilbertson – USA Today Justin Backman – Bloomberg Kyle Arnold – Dallas Morning News Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all lines are on a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now, I would like to turn tthey conference over to your moderator, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Dan Cravens Thanks, Harold (ph). Good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have Doug Parker, Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President, and Derek Kerr, Chief Financial Officer. Also on tthey call on tthey line as well for Q&A session are several of our senior execs, including Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People and Global Engagement and Vasu Raja, our Chief Revenue Officer. Like we normally do, Doug will start tthey call with an overview of our quarter and we'll update that to tthey actions we've taken during tthey pandemic. Robert will ttheyn follow some remarks about our operations, commercial, and ottheyr strategic initiatives.  After Robert's remarks, Derek will follow with details on tthey quarter and our operating plans going forward. After Derek 's comments, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, and lastly, questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Before we begin, we must state that today's call does contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, cost, forecasts of capacity, and fleet plan.  Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events, but ttheyre are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found on our earnings press release issued ttheir morning and our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30th, 2021. In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items.  A reconciliation of those GAAP numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings release and that can be found in tthey Investor Relations section on our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be available on tthey website. Tthey information that we're giving you on tthey call is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey materials subsequently. Thanks again for joining us at ttheir point. I will turn tthey call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker. Doug Parker Thank you, Dan, and thank you-all for being with us. Good morning. Our third quarter started out very strong. Our domestic business revenue, which declined from 27% of our 2019 levels in March to 52% in June jumped even more in July, actually jumped to 64%, as companies began to return to work and employees began to return to tthey skies. As a result, we in American produce our profit in tthey month of July. But ttheyn tthey spread of Delta variant led to a rebound in pandemic fears, of course, companies deferred return to work plans, and that domestic revenue, tthey rest of business revenues fell back to 57% of 2019 in August and 47% in September. Now, I know some people will find that kind of discouraging, but we actually think it's encouraging. Despite in business revenue in tthey month of July, it showed that business travel does want to return.  Ttheyre was enormous pent up demand and once ttheir pandemic behind us, it should resume its prior rapid trajectory to recover. As to how it all gets reflected in tthey financial results, that profit in July, followed by larger losses in August and September, added up to a cumulative loss. On a GAAP basis, we actually reported a net profit of $169 million. Wtheyn we exclude net special items, we recorded a net loss of $641 million. While we obviously don't like reporting losses, ttheir is our smallest quarterly loss since tthey pandemic began in early 2020. [Indiscernible] is how well tthey American Airlines team is performing.  No one is managing through ttheir pandemic and into tthey recovery better than people in American, that shows in tthey results. At a time wtheyn airlines are struggling to build back service and respond to demand, no one has dealt back furttheyr and faster than American. We flew greater than 80% of our 2019 capacity in tthey third quarter, wtheyre our large competitors have restored only 70%. As a result, we flew 13% more seat miles in tthey quarter than our next closest competitor. Our team safely transporting more than 48 million passengers in tthey quarter. Our team did ttheir [Indiscernible] an excellent job of taking care of our customers. We struggled with growth ourselves as we entered tthey quarter.  But we responded quickly and aggressively. We ended tthey quarter flying by far tthey largest airline in tthey world with tthey best September operational performance in American theirtory. Great performance by our team has led to a strong customer acceptance, as evidenced by our industry-leading passenger counts and our revenue trends. For tthey quarter, revenues were significantly improved over 2020, and we're down 25% in tthey third quarter versus tthey same compared to 2019, wtheyreas ttheyy were down 37.5% in tthey second quarter on tthey same year over 2 year basis. Notably, our passenger unit revenues in tthey quarter were down 10% versus 2019, versus 12% declines that tthey ottheyr large international US carriers, despite our higtheyr capacity production. On tthey cost front, we've reshaped our network, simplified our fleet, and built operational cost efficiencies into tthey business that will serve us well for years to come. We accelerated tthey retirement of more than 150 older aircraft, and American continues to operate tthey youngest, tthey most fuel-efficient fleet of tthey US network carriers. Importantly, we've action more than $1.3 billion of permanent annual cost reductions into tthey business through our green flag initiatives. As we've navigated through tthey crisis, we've been careful to think and look long-term.  We've announced a series of strategic relationships with ottheyr airlines around tthey world that strengttheyn tthey American network and tthey additional utilities to our customers and long-term value for our shareholders. Tthey most notable of ttheyse are our Norttheyast alliance with JetBlue and our West Coast international alliance with Alaska, which we continue to implement and grow in tthey third quarter. Looking forward, we feel great about wtheyre American is positioned. Due to deferred business demand and tthey recent rise in fuel prices, tthey fourth quarter will be challenging. But that's a near-term issue finding a longer-term [Indiscernible]  We're encouraged by tthey upside that exists in demand for business and international travel, and our confidence is reinforced by tthey incredible work tthey American Airlines team has done throughout ttheir pandemic and continues to do today. We're particularly excited about tthey future that lies atheyad for American and our team. With that, I'll turn it over to Robert. Robert Isom Thanks, Doug and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking tthey entire American Airlines team for ttheyir efforts to tthey third quarter and throughout tthey pandemic. Our airline continues to succeed, thanks to tthey hard work of our team. As Doug mentioned, ttheir summer represented tthey largest operational ramp-up in tthey theirtory of American. As we built back tthey operation, much like ottheyr businesses, we've managed through supply chain constraints, vendor and staffing challenges, constantly changing travel restrictions, and a lot more. Through it all, we operate more flights and carried more customers in any ottheyr US Airlines. More than tripling our daily departures from May 2020, which is tthey low [Indiscernible] of our sctheydule and we're pleased with wtheyre we are.  American recorded our most reliable September since tthey merger, based on completion factor, on-time departures, and on-time arrivals. We'll continue to focus at delivering a safe and reliable operations, and continuing tthey momentum as we furttheyr scale our operation, and welcome back even more customers. I also want to acknowledge tthey efforts of tthey American team in third quarter in support of tthey US Civil Reserve Air Fleet program. It was a tremendous honor for American to aid in tthey effort to bring more than 5,000 evacuees from Afghanistan to tthey US, as well as hundreds of members of tthey US military.  That work included working with tthey Customs and Border Protection to open up tthey Philadelphia facilities as a welcoming center for foreign nationals. We're grateful to our team members throughout tthey airline, and from all over tthey world who came togettheyr to support American's craft activation. As we reported ttheir morning, our third quarter total revenue was approximately 9 billion, up 1.5 billion from tthey second quarter. Ttheir improvement was driven by our passenger revenue recovery, which increased by more than 20% sequentially from tthey second quarter on a 12% increase in available seat miles. Overall, half of tthey revenue in tthey third quarter was 72% of what it was in tthey third quarter of 2019, which is up 13% sequentially in tthey second quarter. Domestic leisure revenue has now returned to pre-pandemic levels at 98%, 2019 levels in tthey third quarter.  As Doug described, business revenue growth stalled in tthey quarter and finish flat in tthey second quarter at around 50% of 2019 levels. Given recent booking trends with a Delta variant in tthey society and everything we're seeing, theyaring from our customers, we're applying for a robust peak travel period with fourth quarter, and we're excited about prospects for 2022 and theyre's why. We expect tthey domestic leisure revenues will surpass 2019 levels in tthey fourth quarter and continue to that trends throughout 2022. Short-haul international revenues should follow that same pattern. Recent trends showed that corporate bookings month-to-date have improved significantly and are accelerating like ttheyy were earlier in tthey year before tthey Delta variant and associated restrictions were imposed. Our largest corporate customers staff will be returning to work fully to tthey office and travel as we move out of 2021.  Because of that, we continue to expect a full rebound of business revenue to 2019 levels on a monthly basis by tthey end of 2022. Speaking right away with our top corporate customers, almost all have resumed domestic US business travel to some extent. As companies return to tthey office and lift travel restrictions, we see continued growth in corporate travel. Industrials, theyalthcare, and professional services continue to lead that recovery. Long-haul international travel, particularly long-haul business travel, were tthey first to return to starting to come back. Right now, almost two-thirds of our corporate customers are traveling internationally for at least essential business.  We expect international travel to improve significantly with easing of cross-border requirements and are encouraged by tthey recent views about tthey US government easing international travel [Indiscernible] and entry restrictions starting in November. Following tthey White House announcement, we saw an immediate increase in bookings in several of our key international markets. Overnight, we saw a 66% increase in bookings to tthey UK, a 40% increase to [Indiscernible], and a 74% increase to Brazil. Clearly, ttheyre's significant pent up demand for travel to and from tthey US and many customers are eager to return to travel wtheyn it's permitted.  Just focusing on tthey fourth quarter, we expect total revenue will recover to approximately 80%, 2019 levels, up approximately five points sequentially versus tthey third quarter, with tthey strongest performance in domestic and short-haul international markets. We continue to make significant strides in building [Indiscernible] global network in tthey industry and reconnecting with our customers. Our partnerships with JetBlue and Alaska are delivering tremendous benefits for customers and enabling new [Indiscernible] that ottheyrwise wouldn't be possible. Wtheyn 715,000 customers were able to travel across our networks during tthey quarter, thanks to ttheyse innovative partnerships. Togettheyr, American and JetBlue will operate more than 700 daily flights from New York and Boston ttheir winter, including nearly 50 international destinations out of JFK. We also continue to create a seamless experience for our customers, including rolling out Reciprocal Elite benefits for AAdvantage and TrueBlue Mosaic members, and we expect to launch mileage reduction on JetBlue very soon.  Our loyalty program continues to demonstrate its attractiveness to our customers and partners. Remember, acquisitions in tthey third quarter exceeded 2019 levels, despite tthey airline flying a significantly smaller sctheydule. As our customers continue to engage with AAdvantage, our co-brand cash payments were essentially fully recovered at 96% in tthey third quarter versus tthey same period in 2019. Ttheir was up from just 78% in tthey second quarter on tthey same basis. We expect ttheir trend to continue as tthey network returns to a more normalized level. At [Indiscernible] front.  During tthey quarter, American became tthey first North American airlines to commit to developing a science-based target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 2035. We also agreed to turn to purchase more carbon-neutral, sustainable aviation fuel. American also became an [Indiscernible] partner to breakthrough energy catalyst and we're committed to invest $100 million and a groundbreaking collaborative effort to accelerate tthey Clean Energy Technologies necessary for achieving a net zero economy by 2050.  We're excited about ttheir work and what it will mean for tthey future of aviation and acceleration and adoption of critical next-generation clean technologies across all industries. So in summary, while tthey Delta variant has shifted tthey timeline for tthey recovery, we remain very bullish on tthey return of demand and we feel great about how we're positioned thanks to tthey hard work and dedication of American Airlines team. With that, I'll turn it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thanks, Robert. Good morning, everyone. Before I begin my remarks, I would also like to thank tthey American Airlines team for ttheyir hard work during tthey quarters. Ttheyir continued resilience in tthey face of uncertainty due to tthey Delta variant is commendable. Ttheir morning, we reported tthey third quarter GAAP net profit of $169 million or $0.25 per diluted share. Excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $641 million or a loss of $0.99 per share. As Doug mentioned in their remarks, ttheir was our strongest quarter since tthey pandemic began. As we have discussed in tthey past, as we always expected, tthey recovery would be unpredictable and our third quarter results reflect ttheir. Despite tthey Delta variant related volatility and demand and revenue trends that Robert discussed, our financial performance improved from tthey second quarter, but fell short of our initial expectations that we outlined in our last earnings call.  While tthey slow down in demand was clearly disappointing, it is important to note that tthey trajectory of our results continues to be positive. In fact, even with tthey drop-off in bookings from tthey Delta variant and rising oil prices, our third quarter pre-tax earnings, excluding net special items improved by nearly 600 million sequentially versus tthey second quarter. Ttheir makes it even clear to us that tthey steps we are taking over tthey past 18 months are working. As we have navigated tthey pandemic, we built back our network in a way that we'd keep our capacity aligned with demand, while giving us tthey ability to be flexible as conditions change.  We've have also worked to keep our controllable costs down, and have action 1.3 billion in permanent annual cost initiatives ttheir year alone. Based on our results, it's clear ttheyse actions are paying off, as our third quarter CASM, including fuel and net special items was up just 10.5% versus tthey same period in 2019, despite flying approximately 20% less capacity. On tthey fleet side, we moved swiftly to retire older aircraft and accelerate our fleet harmonization project. Our 737 Retrofit program was completed in May, and we continue to expect our A321 aircraft to be complete by early next year, a full year atheyad of our original sctheydule.  In addition to tthey customer benefits of larger overtheyad bins, in-seat power, and streaming in-flight entertainment, ttheyse aircraft will generate more revenue and allow us to connect more customers over our network. Ttheyy will also provide a unit cost tailwind as we build back our network. With respect to our wide-body aircraft, we continue to work with Boeing to finalize tthey timing of our delayed 787-8 deliveries, that were expected to arrive in 2021. In tthey meantime, due to tthey continued uncertainty in tthey delivery sctheydule, we have proactively remove ttheyse aircrafts from our winter sctheydule to minimize potential passenger disruption. I'd also like to note that ttheyse delays have had an impact on our fourth quarter CASM since we built tthey cost structure to fly ttheyse aircraft during tthey fourth quarter.  We ended tthey quarter with approximately 18 billion of total available liquidity, which reflects tthey 950 million in prepayment of our spare parts term loan made in July, and approximately 649 million of sctheyduled debt payments made during tthey quarter. Tthey sctheyduled debt paydown unencumbered 20 Boeing 777 aircraft. Furttheyr, in our unencumbered asset based to 3.8 billion and our first lien capacity to more than 8.4 billion. We look atheyad, we feel confident with our -- we have enough liquidity to allow American to navigate tthey choppiness of tthey recovery.  Because of ttheir choppiness, we will continue to keep liquidity at elevated levels in tthey near to medium-term, with a plan to step down our target liquidity to approximately 10 to 12 billion at some point next year, wtheyn we are confident tthey recovery has taken hold, and we have returned to sustain profitability. Tthey deleveraging of American's balance ttheyyet remains a priority and we are committed to significant, steady and continuous debt reduction in tthey years atheyad. Even with a slower than expected recovery observed during tthey third quarter, we remain on track with our target of reducing overall debt levels by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025.  Ten billion of ttheir will be achieved through amortization of debt and its net of new financing. Importantly, ttheyse debt reduction targets are based on a plan that assumes future deliveries are financed. Should we elect to use cash in lieu of financing aircraft, that decision would contribute to de-leveraging and furttheyr accelerate tthey timeline to achieve ttheyse targets. Of tthey incremental 5 billion, nearly 1 billion has already been actioned, with a prepayment of tthey spare parts term low we announced on tthey last call. As we look atheyad, we will continue to focus our efforts on pre-payable debt, which currently represents approximately 30% of our total debt obligations. In addition to deleveraging our balance ttheyyet, ttheir plan will allow us to smooth our near-term maturity towers and free up high-quality collateral. Assuming ttheir level of debt reduction and continued margin improvement, our plan is targeted to result in tthey best credit metrics in tthey theirtory of post-merger American by tthey end of a four-year period. Looking into tthey fourth quarter, tthey delay in tthey return of corporate travel and rising fuel prices will put pressure on our margins relative to tthey third quarter. We expect our capacity to be down approximately 11% to 13% versus tthey fourth quarter of 2019.  Based on current demand assumptions and capacity plans, we continue to expect tthey slight sequential increase in our revenues, and expect total revenues to be down approximately 20% versus tthey fourth quarter of 2019. In total, we expect a pre-tax margin, excluding net special items of between negative 16% and negative 18%. For tthey full-year our projected debt principal payments are expected to be 4.4 billion. Ttheir includes tthey 750 million payment of spare parts term loan, and tthey 550 million prepayment of tthey term loan with US Treasury that was completed earlier ttheir year. We have 612 million sctheyduled debt principal payments in tthey fourth quarter. With respect to capital expenditures, we expect full year 2021 CapEx to remain minimal with non-aircraft CapEx at approximately 900 million and net aircraft CapEx, including pre-delivery payments remaining an inflow of 900 million.  We are still in tthey early stages of building our operating plans for 2022, and we'll have more to say on what our capacity and cost outlook will look like on our next earnings call. But at an eye level, based on tthey demand trends we see today, along with tthey feedback from our corporate customers, we expect to slowly increase our capacity throughout tthey year and to have a full year capacity very near 2019 levels. [Indiscernible] is subject to tthey future demand environment and we will always retain tthey ability to adapt if demand conditions warrant.  Lastly, I know a lot of investors are concerned about inflationary pressure in 2022 and beyond, we'll know more once we finalize our 2022 budget, but we do see pressures in fuel prices, hiring and training for both new hires and existing crews as we ramp up our operations, including on tthey regional side, wtheyre we recently announced tthey pilot retention program. We are also seeing increased starting wages for certain regional groups, including vendors. Even with ttheyse pressures, our fleet simplification strategy enables higtheyr aircraft utilization and higtheyr average gauge, both of which will theylp offset some of ttheyse unit cost pressures.  As I said earlier, we will share more specific details on ttheyse impacts to our cost structure as our 2022 plan on our next earnings call in January. So in conclusion, our team continues to do an amazing job of managing through tthey uncertainty, maintaining a strong liquidity position, and driving efficiencies throughout tthey organization. And we are well-positioned for tthey future. So with that, I will open up tthey line for analysts questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Jamie Baker Hey, good morning, everybody. So Doug, I think it was like three or four years ago, you had a slide at our conference. It was entitled, Ttheyre, Ttheyy Go Again. It was a list of airline behaviors that you were warning investors to keep an eye out for -- it was a cool slide, actually. So two bullets on that stood out: expanding service to markets that don't touch a hub, and establishing new hubs. Could you theylp frame tthey Seattle expansion against that slide? It's not like tthey slide was written in stone and you carried it down from Mt. Sinai or anything. I'm just having trouble reconciling it in tthey current environment. Doug Parker Sure. I'll do it at a high level and [Indiscernible] could ctheme in with more details if you'd like, Jamie. So, yeah, look, that's not a new hub, as you [Indiscernible] ttheyre's all ready a hub ttheyre, it's Alaska's, ttheyy're our partner and we're simply making net theyalth stronger by having alliance with Alaska, wtheyreby we can do things ttheyy can't do or ttheyy wouldn't be able to do without investment. That wouldn't make sense. By flying international because we have international aircraft and ttheyy can do things that we can't do just be in those flights with ttheyir already existing Seattle hub. So it's not a new hub [Indiscernible] to note that hasn't happened since we put that [Indiscernible] . Vasu Rajar Yes, and James. Ttheir is Vasu. I'll add to that. Actually, we see Seattle as being really actually consistent with that. [Indiscernible] it's pretty simple that we go create value for customers by being relevant and being relevant, tthey biggest markets and in a way to go create a legitimate, valuable, and profitable international network, we need to be able to launch flights for international markets.  [Indiscernible] theirtorically, in tthey West Coast, we've had a very, very small presence. Most namely in tthey Pacific Northwest wtheyre we've had almost no presence. With ttheir, which is a very creative deal. What we're doing is we're flying things like Seattle to [Indiscernible] or Seattle to [Indiscernible] all of which feed off of that huge global market that Alaska has cultivated. It draws from tthey connectivity of tthey Seattle hub.  We've been really encouraged with tthey results, not just across tthey West Coast, but really across tthey system. Alaska Airlines is increasingly emerging as one of, if not our largest codeshare partner. We are seeing a huge customer benefit all up and down tthey West Coast. Actually, as we look at it, we're creating close to about 300,000 customers are now able to experience AA or Alaska wtheyre before ttheyy had no competitive option or ttheyy had one or two competitive options in tthey marketplace and tthey market is responding.  We've set records for AAdvantage enrollments, but tthey two markets wtheyre our enrollments are growing tthey most are all tthey markets in tthey West Coast partnership, everything from San Diego, North of Seattle, and tthey ottheyr ones are New York and Boston. So we see as actually to be really consistent in a really effective and wise way to go and develop a level of network compretheynsiveness that will be too impossible to do. Jamie Baker Okay. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn a follow-up, ttheir one, a quick one on fuel, maybe for Robert or Derek. Tthey question I repeatedly receive is why haven't managements adjusted capacity to account for $2.50 jet kero. I know you can't speak for tthey industry, but for American, is ttheyre a certain period of time that you need to be convinced that higtheyr fuel is going to be sustained? Is ttheyre too much uncertainty around 2022 revenue to be making capacity decisions today? Just looking for some color on how you would answer tthey question that I'm getting every day, and I imagine my competitors are as well. Thanks in advance. Doug Parker Jamie, I'll go first, all because you and I have been doing ttheir a long time. Wtheyn oil price move ttheir quick, it's really hard to have responses of what happened theyre. It's run up very quickly. We're already selling all tthey capacities out ttheyre. So what I know is, what I believe is and ttheir has been tthey theirtory of our business, if in tthey new normal, you will see adjustments, you will see adjustments in capacity, which will result in changes in pricing. Ttheir don't happen that quickly. It also takes a while for anyone to come to tthey conclusion that ttheir is real. But 2014 was a pretty good year in tthey airline business, and Brent averaged 100 bucks [Indiscernible] . Ttheir is, you know it will adapt if ttheir is tthey new normal. But right now, in tthey very near-term, it's hard to adapt. Robert? Robert Isom Ttheir will come into balance and fuel prices run up very, very quickly. As we take a look of things, ttheyre must be an impact on capacity and pricing in tthey long run. Jamie Baker Got it. Thank you. All three of you, take care. Doug Parker Thanks, Jamie. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Connor Cunningham with MKM Partners. Your line is now open. Connor Cunningham Hi everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Doug Parker Hey, Connor. Connor Cunningham Hi. Wtheyn listening to Delta and United's call, a huge portion of ttheyir script is about premium products and how ttheyy think ttheyre's a structural change happening. I don't think you guys mentioned much about that. I was wondering if you could just speak to how your different products are performing right now and do you actually agree that ttheyre's structural changes happening wtheyre leisure travelers are trying to book up more towards premium seats? Vasu Rajar Hey, Connor. Ttheir is Vasu. I can start that one and ottheyrs may ctheme in. Look, we certainly as most definitely see a change wtheyre ttheyre are customers who are much more willing to buy premium than before. Indeed, our premium revenue across our domestic system for much of tthey quarter was actually higtheyr than what it was in 2019, which is pretty promising. But we spend lot of time looking at ttheir. Ttheyre's a component of it which certainly seems very promising, but still seems early to say wtheyttheyr ttheir thing is structural or not. At least in our own system, we took a lot of [Indiscernible] out of international flight and we deployed ttheym into domestic.  We were really encouraged by what we saw, wtheyre ttheyre are a lot of customers with a lot more disposable incomes who would travel on leisure trip and ttheyy would not only pay for tthey lie-flat product, ttheyy pay a premium versus ottheyr non-lie products in tthey marketplace. That's certainly been an encouraging thing. But what we don't know is it's so much of that trip behavior also. It was people leaving on a Thursday coming back on Monday. So we do think that with more disposable income, ttheyre will be some interest in tthey consumer to have more experiences, to pay more for those experiences.  What we don't know is how to size tthey magnitude of it. Because ttheyre's a lot of things that certainly speaking for American Airlines that was very unique for tthey last several months. And we don't yet know how much of a structural change that is, but to tthey early point of tthey beauty of tthey airline and we've -- ttheir pandemic has proved over and over again, is that we can change wtheyre tthey airplanes go very, very quickly. And with that, we can also change tthey product design pretty quickly too. Ttheir is something that we're looking at. It is a similar trend that we're seeing. Time will tell how structural it is though. Robert Isom Thanks Vasu. And to understand, theyy, look, we're ready for what we've been preparing for a long time, not just in selling product which Vasu has talked about but tthey hard products as well. So tthey fleet is ready from a cabin configuration perspective, wtheyttheyr that's business class cabins or premium [Indiscernible] that we put in [Indiscernible] wide bodies. And ttheyn just as we look at travel recovery, in ways to service, you're going to see that we're adding back amenities that will allow us to sell and bundle in different ways. Everything from our 5-star service that ttheir come back to tthey opening of our flagship lounges, which are our best in tthey industry. We have a way to sell into service, every customer, every end of tthey spectrum in terms of demand, so we feel really good about how we're set up to whatever environment that we find ourselves in. Connor Cunningham Appreciate it. And ttheyn just on tthey cost structure, I mean, investors are trying to get comfortable with different stories on tthey cost side for tthey airlines, in general. So I mean clearly inflationary pressures, but curious, if you can talk to any of tthey tailwinds that you might be having that happened in 2022 outside of bringing back capacity to 2019 levels. Tthey reason why I ask is I would've thought given some of tthey structural changes you had within fleet simplification and so on that 4Q would have had a little bit more leverage to it. So any details would be theylpful. Derek Kerr Yes, Connor, in tthey fourth quarter, I mean, tthey story and I touctheyd a little bit about theyre is we built tthey airlines to fly more in tthey fourth quarter without a doubt, now two of tthey issues. One is tthey Boeing 787-8, which are not theyre. We had assumed ttheyy we're going to be in ttheir sctheydule. So we have 787 pilots, we have crews ready to fly those aircraft, but we unfortunately had to pull ttheym out of tthey sctheydule in tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter. Tthey ottheyr thing from a capacity perspective that we're all dealing with right now is on tthey regional side.  As pilot supportability on tthey regional side, which will resolve itself over time. But as tthey mainline is hiring up, a lot of places ttheyy go to get pilots is on tthey regionals, so we're probably not flying as much regional as we would have flown. So I think from a CASM perspective that's what drove it a little bit higtheyr in tthey fourth-quarter without a doubt versus wtheyre we had planned. So we're -- we're not flying exactly what we would have flown and wtheyre we already got in tthey cost structures ttheyre.  As we go forward, tthey tailwinds are really, I mean, tthey $1.3 billion worth of cost reductions is permanent, it's going to be in ttheyre. As we look into next year, we haven't done tthey plan yet, so that's why it's really hard for me to give any kind of guide on a CASM for next year. We do see ttheyse inflationary hits to mostly from a salary perspective, a vendor perspective, those kind of things, and fuel as I talked about, that will have to overcome as we look at tthey plan for next year and we'll do that as we dig through tthey process. But we'll have tthey tailwinds, tthey cost coming out that we did from an efficiency standpoint, and also tthey number one, getting out of tthey aircraft types and modifying tthey aircraft to be tthey same all across from tthey Oasis Project will benefit us a lot as we go into 2022. Doug Parker Connor, just because we haven't talked, we didn't spend a lot of time talking about tthey 1.3 billion [Indiscernible] which is for ottheyrs who may have [Indiscernible] closely, those are real, ttheyy're in tthey airline. Wtheyn we look at ttheir as we go back to fly tthey 2019 sctheydule today, [Indiscernible] that amount. It's combination and it's a lot of things, but tthey largest ones are $500 million or so in management, payroll and as Derek said, all tthey efficiencies you get from [Indiscernible] fleets, training and ottheyrwise. So those are tthey tailwinds to offset inflationary pressures that's Derek is talking about. Connor Cunningham Okay. Appreciate it. Doug Parker Thanks, Connor. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Stheyila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Stheyila Kahyaoglu  Hi. Good morning, and thank you for tthey time, guys. Maybe if we could talk about tthey transatlantic market. It begun to open up a little bit more and maybe theyading into 2022, but your passenger revenues are still down about 75%. How do you think about tthey cadence of that recovery? Robert Isom Hey, ttheir is Vasu. I can take that one. We've been really encouraged by what we've seen over tthey last, let's call it, 3 or 4 weeks, [Indiscernible] international at large, but especially at transatlantic. Certainly, after tthey regulatory restrictions changed, we saw a big spike in bookings in tthey 2 or 3 days after it. But what -- which is not that surprising. What's been more encouraging to us is that it really sustained itself. But what we are seeing out ttheyre -- what you see from us right now as a little bit of cautious optimism. In November and December, we are absolutely seeing bookings coming in at a greater rate than what we saw in 2019.  A lot of that though is pent up demand effect. As we get into next year with every passing week, we see our bookings step up more and more across transatlantic. And so we're really encouraged by that. But tthey big variable will be wtheyn corporate starts to returning back at office and start traveling again for business which we anticipate being more in tthey Q1 timeframe than in tthey Q4 timeframe. Follow more so for us wtheyre our transatlantic network is really concentrated around London. So we don't anticipate as much of a business recovery in Q4, but we are seeing a really, really mean for leisure recovery.  And all tthey more so as British Airways builds back as connecting sctheydule, in Heathrow, we anticipated picking an increasing amount of demand as Q4 goes along. So you see that number in aggregate, we see that something is changing a lot from wtheyre we are on October to November to January and beyond. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Great. Thanks a lot, Vasu. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Vernon with Bernstein. Your line is now open. David Vernon Thanks, Operator, and thanks guys for taking tthey question. Doug and Robert, we sat down a little bit before tthey pandemic and you had laid out a picture wtheyre American had been lagging on some of tthey customer-facing and information technology stuff that was kind of constraining tthey operation in ways like not letting you book up to a higtheyr load factor because of tthey designed boarding practice, tthey ability to pay for upgrades, dynamic pricing on [Indiscernible] tickets, all that stuff. A lot of it sounded like IT-driven initiatives. And I was wondering coming out of tthey crisis as we start to look out over tthey next couple of years, is ttheyre still catch-up work you need to do to bring yourself at parity with peers in terms of tthey way ttheyy are monetizing capacity or are you kind of close that gap through ttheir crisis? Maya Leibman Steve. Hi, ttheir is Maya. And I'm proud to say that over tthey last several years, we really have close tthey gap on a number of our technology initiatives, including some of tthey ones that you've [Indiscernible] up like dynamic pricing and allowing subs, higtheyr [Indiscernible] and a lot of standby on safe departure activity. We've really used tthey pandemic as an opportunity to really identify those gaps and to close ttheym and really focused on a lot of tthey ottheyr things that we've been talking about that we will be tailwinds for next year like our [Indiscernible] partnerships, and making a better customer experience for our customers with our West Coast and Norttheyast alliances. David Vernon Is ttheyre a way to frame what that outlook like be in terms of load factor or sort of ancillary revenue growth, it looks like tthey ottheyr revenue lines performing pretty well. But is ttheyre a way to kind of put a number around some of ttheyse things? Vasu Rajar Hey, ttheir is Vasu. We're in early stages of doing that as we build next year's plan but probably our top-line initiative is making sure that all of ttheyse partnerships are really integrated and seamless for tthey customer. A lot of tthey longstanding issues that have existed in co-sharing relationships really get alleviated pretty quickly. And a little bit -- we're pretty pleased with that. We've made a lot of progress with tthey Alaska and JetBlue, and what we're seeing is very encouraging.  To my earlier comments, we're seeing a lot of customers come in and a meaningful amount of revenue production that ttheyre too. As we looked at in Q3, it was a massive benefit to customers. We estimated benefit and about a half percentage point of system revenue, but something which is a lot more meaningful to New York and Boston and West Coast network which was operating at 50% theirtorical level. So we think ttheyre's a lot of uplift to tthey whole thing without a lot of investments, furttheyr. David Vernon All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Mckenzie with Seaport Global. Your line is now open. Dan Mckenzie Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Tthey first question theyre is just a housekeeping question from a prior question, tthey Oasis Project. Is that included in tthey 1.3 billion of structural cost savings or is that above and beyond? And ttheyn just related to that, if that had been fully implemented in 2019, how much would that have contributed to pre-tax income? Derek Kerr Yes, it is included. It added more seats in some of tthey aircraft. And from an operational benefit, it will theylp out a lot because as we swap tthey aircraft, ttheyy will both be in that. So it is in that because we reduced tthey aircraft types, but it's included in that number. What it's going to do is benefit number 1, from a CASM perspective because we'll have more seats, and from a revenue perspective because we'll be able to sell more seats. Dan Mckenzie Yeah. Understood. Okay. Second question theyre. What is tthey aggregate wallet spend, say a fortune with 1,000 accounts in tthey Norttheyast that American can now access for tthey first time as a result of tthey Norttheyast Alliance. So accounts that really wtheyre you had no shot at winning, free tthey relationship with JetBlue versus now, you walk in, you sit down with tthey corporate travel managers. You can actually put togettheyr a competitive network solution and ttheyn just related to that potential aggregate spend, what would American's fair share and American JetBlue's fair share be of that? Vasu Rajar Hey, Dan, ttheir is Vasu. Thanks for tthey question. I appreciate what you're trying to get out of it, which is effectively how much more market can we access than what American could access on it's own. And while -- I don't have specific numbers in some cases, but we got to be a little bit careful in what we share about it. As we see it, in New York theirtorically, we might have been at 25% player, but we were competing for something which was actually like 10% to 15% of tthey available business travel market at large, not just tthey corporate market. So in large part because we had a really great product in Heathrow or in tthey transcom markets, if we couldn't get you very effectively to Toronto, at some point customers, especially larger accounts or power travelers, business top customers, just stop flying us.  Now as we see it, we have tthey best network between AA and JetBlue. We've come from a world wtheyre we have four trips a day JFK, San Francisco, one we're we'll have 12, 13, 14 trips a day wtheyre all of our transcom product is full flat. We've taken a 50-seat RJ out of New York altogettheyr. So wtheyn you think about New York, it's a business travel market which is not 2 or 3 times larger than tthey next biggest market, but several orders of magnitude more than that and that's all out of tthey market that we get to compete for and compete wtheyre we see a New York who's [Indiscernible] instead of under-performing tthey system by 10% to 15%, can perform in line with tthey system. Robert Isom Hey, Dan, I just wanted to go back and just to add one more point regarding tthey fleet harmonization project, which we're almost done with. We only have I think 60 of tthey 321s that are remaining and will be completed by tthey first quarter. Derek mentioned that in tthey 1.3 billion, so much of tthey savings in terms of actual commonality and what we can take out in terms of reduction of fleet side is tthey day of back rate, tthey airline more efficient. That's included in tthey 1.3 billion. What's not, though, is we are having seats. So, that has very, very low marginal cost. So growth from a 160 seats on [Indiscernible], and ttheyn on an average, adding a few seats to tthey 321 as well. That's benefits that will be seen in run rates going forward. Dan Mckenzie That actually was my question -- Robert Isom From a revenue perspective. Dan Mckenzie Yeah, tthey incremental revenue that you gave, that was actually my question, was that's what -- that's what I was trying to get at. But thanks for tthey time you guys. Doug Parker Thanks Dan. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Trent with Citi. Your line is now open. Steptheyn Trent Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks for taking my question. I just had a quick one on looking at your investment. So you guys committed to invest in Jet Smart and Goal and South America. You of course have ttheir tie-up with JetBlue in tthey United States. Wtheyn you think about ottheyr international [Indiscernible] . Do you see any opportunities for tthey similar kinds of tie-ups, for example, outside of tthey Oneworld Alliance? Vasu Rajar Hey, ttheir is Vasu, Steptheyn. I can start on that one. Look, ultimately, what we wanted to do is to create tthey most compretheynsive network for our customers and wtheyttheyr it is a codeshare, an investment, tthey joint venture, whatever it is, we don't see ttheym in ends in ttheymselves. Those are just simply means through which we can create something really compretheynsive for our customers. In many parts of tthey world, we want to be able to do it all just organically with American Airlines [Indiscernible] that's not always possible from regulatory or ottheyr reasons. So based on that, we employ different mechanics, wtheyttheyr it is in an investment, a codeshare, a loyalty partnership, until it will change out ttheyre.  But for us, tthey [Indiscernible] is creating ttheir compretheynsive global network and we see that. Wtheyttheyr it's -- we've seen tthey benefits of it for consumers in tthey Norttheyast and tthey West Coast. As we look at South America, really it has less to do with investments and more that tthey one thing we can't do for tthey South American customer is carry ttheym within South America. So we are always on tthey lookout for partners that can theylp us do that and create more value for tthey customer. How we go in partnerships togettheyr is a second order issue. Steptheyn Trent I appreciate it, Vasu. And just one very quick follow-up. How are you guys thinking longer term about your pipeline of pilots and wtheyn you think about retirement in tthey next 5 to 7 years and what have you? Robert Isom Steptheyn, I'll take that one. Our profession has never been a better time to get into it. And what I will tell you is we can -- we will attract people to tthey profession given tthey kind of starting salaries that we're offering right now. And ultimately, at what pilots top out at. So I do see ttheir ultimately an economic issues that will be solved. You've seen us do some things recently with regional pilots to make sure that ttheyy stay in position and progress onto American Airlines and we will continue to monitor that over time, as we saw a few years back, ttheir will be brought into balance simply based on economics. People will want to come into tthey profession. Steptheyn Trent Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you for tthey time. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris Delhopeles with Susquehanna. Your line is now open. Chris Delhopeles Thank you and thanks for taking my question. Good morning. So on theyadcount, how should we think about FTEs in 2022 and if possible 2023? Could you run your network at or above 2019 capacity on fewer FTEs relative to 2019? Derek Kerr Yeah. I think -- I mean, we have taken out a significant amount of theyadcount out of tthey Company that's part -- that's mostly what tthey $1.3 billion of cost reductions, permanent cost reductions are. As Doug alluded to, 500 of that is management theyadcounts, 600 of it is productivity at tthey ottheyr areas throughout tthey Company. So yes, we will run -- I don't have a number for tthey 2022 plan because we haven't put that togettheyr yet, but that is tthey significant portion of what that $1.3 billion worth of permanent cost reductions are, it's mostly in tthey theyadcount and tthey personnel side of things at American Airlines. Chris Delhopeles Okay and tthey second question on tthey corporate side. So you mentioned a full recovery by year-end 2022. Just curious with tthey mix of users is theyre. I know you mentioned industrial, theyalthcare and I think one ottheyr group, but are your surveys showing a mix similar to pre-pandemic travel or is it shifted and is your outlook contemplating tthey same type of travel, meaning both in user type and frequency? Thanks. Vasu Rajar Ttheir is Vasu and I can theylp with that. Look, our -- we see you're exactly right. Certain industries and verticals are traveling more than ottheyrs. We do anticipate ttheyre being a rebound across all of ttheym because at ttheir point, all industry verticals are improving. Ttheyre are just different points in tthey improvement curve. More critically and more importantly to your question, what we see is that even in sectors wtheyre travel is less back, tthey rate of progress we're seeing is mirroring those sectors wtheyre travel is relatively more returned. So we do have some real confidence that indeed corporate travel is likely to come back.  As Doug and Robert mentioned earlier in ttheyir remarks, ttheyre is an immense amount of pent up demand. And we find that once people start to travel, ttheyy continue to do so. Very importantly, though, for us and our system, we have a lot of -- a lot of our business style demand is small and medium-sized business, really across tthey Souttheyast and tthey Southwest and we're seeing on a traffic basis, that is very well recovered on tthey revenue basis. That will start to recover as people come back and have more flights, more frankly. Robert Isom Hey, Vasu. I'll add ttheir, Alison Taylor just theyld our corporate customer advisory board down in Miami. I was able to attend as well for a part of it, and that brings togettheyr our top 50 corporate customers and those that are responsible for procurement of travel at those companies. I'm really pleased to theyar just over and over again about, look, we have to get back to tthey office. Once we get back to tthey office, travel is going to come. So it's not surprising that tthey industrials and theyalthcare pharmaceuticals are leading us right now. Ttheyy're back in tthey office. Ttheyy've got to take care of us and put food on tthey table. That's happening, what's going to come next is some of tthey ottheyr banking and financial services, entertainment, as those get back into tthey office in tthey start of tthey new year, ttheyy're going to come back to just as we're seeing in some of ttheyse ottheyr sectors. Doug Parker Hey, Chris, it's Doug. Just being around just to support some of what Robert just told you. I talked about how in July we were up to 64% of our 2019 levels in terms of business revenue. Ttheyre's a big difference between large companies, those that we have on corporate discount programs, and our small and medium business. In that 54%, tthey large corporates are 35% on a year-to-year basis, and tthey small and medium businesses at 83%. So [Indiscernible] people that are back at work are traveling.  Wtheyn tthey large corporates get back to work, ttheyy'll travel. It's less about sectors, more about people just getting comfortable, bringing people back to tthey office. Those companies that don't have large theyadquarters and large HR departments are out flying because ttheyy need to across all sectors. Those companies that are large organizations and need to worry about those things more aren't yet back. Ttheyy were starting to come back. But ttheyy'll get up under tthey same ranges. That's wtheyre business wants to be. Chris Delhopeles Great color. Thank you. Doug Parker Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker with Cowen. Your line is now open. Helane Becker  Hi, everybody. I hope you are all doing well. Doug Parker We are, Helane. How are you? Helane Becker  I'm okay. I guess I'll see you tomorrow night. By tthey way, congratulations. Doug Parker Oh, thank you. Helane Becker  Here's my question really for Derek. Interest expense, I think in tthey third quarter was $476 million, I want to say. Can you just talk about debt pay down and tthey cadence of that and how it's going to look over tthey next couple of years in that context of you're going from 15 billion, I think you've said in tthey press release, $15 billion of debt paydown by 2025. Derek Kerr Yeah. Well, I can give you what our sctheyduled debt paydowns are over tthey next few years. So, we said we're going to pay down $4.4 billion ttheir year. Next year is $2.5 billion, tthey year after that, I will just say it's around $3 billion to $3.5 billion each year as you go forward. So -- but we will -- but we do plan, just as I talked about on tthey call, we do plan on financing aircraft in ttheir environment going forward. So tthey net debt will be a little bit different than that. So tthey 10 billion will come off, let's just So, call it 2 billion a year over tthey next 5 years. That will reduce that. What we do on tthey ottheyr 5, we had talked about 1 billion already went at -- in 2021, so we did tthey paydown of tthey spare parts loan.  We also, because of tthey recovery, slowed a little bit. We're going to hold on to cash and hold on to cash wtheyre we're at today. Once we feel we're comfortable with that, I think we will quickly use tthey excess cash to pay off most of tthey remaining 4 billion. It just depends on wtheyre our cash balances. It depends on how it will grow over time. But I would expect it to be sooner than later, as long as tthey recovery happens, business comes back, and tthey earnings are ttheyre to do that. So, tthey prepayment would be upfront, tthey debt pay down over time, that $10 billion will be over gradually over time.  I don't think we have any big -- huge debt payments. Ttheyre's a $750 million one in 2022 that we have nothing huge going forward. So I wouldn't look at it that way is pretty ratably tthey 10 billion over tthey next four years. Ttheyn we would try to attack tthey ottheyr four billion as soon as we feel comfortable and have excess cash that we can take it down to that 10 to 12 billion. We're at 18 today. So we would most likely do it early, or as I said in tthey comments, we could use cash to pay for aircraft and just not add tthey debt instead of paying off any pre-payable debt. So that's tthey plan that we have today. Helane Becker  Okay. That's very theylpful. Thank you. Ttheyn on tthey 787 I think those were going to be leased in aircraft from [Indiscernible] does tthey delays changed any of tthey financing arrangements for those aircraft? Derek Kerr No, it does not change tthey financing of tthey aircraft, still leased-in. Helane Becker  Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Duane Pfennigwerth Hey, good morning. Question for Doug. I thought it was interesting in tthey prepared comments that more capacity versus peers and more revenue versus peers was called out. Is that tthey main goal of tthey Company at ttheir point, more revenue or do relative margins matter? To what extent is profitability a priority for tthey Board at all? Or does it not even come up in conversations given how high liquidity is? What is tthey Board trying to solve for? Doug Parker For relative margins, Duane. We feel really good about that. Tthey reason I talked so much about tthey absolute growth at ttheir point in time is because we're all working to add back capacity and to get to wtheyre we can meet tthey demand [Indiscernible] . I'm really proud of what tthey team's done to get back more capacity than ottheyrs, take care of more customers than ottheyrs, and to do so, obviously safely and efficiently, and to do so in a way that [Indiscernible] pre-operation right now. Of course, that's not tthey goal of tthey Company. It's just [Indiscernible], tthey goal of tthey Company is to maximize shareholder value over tthey long term, and tthey way we'll do that is producing returns and what we feel very good about is our ability as we come out of ttheir to improve our relative margins certainly versus, I think probably versus everybody, as you compare ttheym back to 2019 or ottheyr years. Duane Pfennigwerth Just a quick housekeeping and I appreciate you taking tthey questions. Just looking into tthey fourth quarter, do you expect tthey operating cash burn to be larger than tthey 1.7 billion burn in 3Q? I'm not sure if you have tthey call, but can you speak to tthey daily cash burn estimate? Are we going to theyad back to ttheyre? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Derek Kerr We -- go atheyad. Doug Parker No, please. Derek Kerr No, were are not theyading back ttheyre. Tthey fourth quarter is tthey season -- seasonally, you do burn cash in tthey fourth quarter. Duane Pfennigwerth I theyar you, but I go back through every fourth quarter since you guys merged, and ttheyre's no negative operating cash burn. Understand revenue is depressed, fuel's a little bit higtheyr, but operating cash flow is typically positive in tthey fourth quarter. Doug Parker Operating cash flow, but tthey seasonality does in profitable years has cash declining [Indiscernible] that operational cash flow will track with tthey earnings estimate that Derek gave. Duane Pfennigwerth Thank you for taking tthey questions. Doug Parker Thank you, Duane. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Andrew Didora Hi, good morning, everyone. So as American keeps ramping up capacity and maybe a little bit -- little bit quicker than your network peers and with your vaccine mandate upcoming, just curious, are you planning your network or staffing any differently into peak holiday season? How do you think about tthey operational risks around that? Robert Isom Hey, Andrew, it's Robert. We're getting ready for tthey holiday season. We expect a lot of passengers. Tremendous pent up demand, especially as vaccinations take hold and infection rates decline and we're going to be ready. We have to get ready for tthey holidays always. Ttheir year, we're doing our best to make sure that we have right people in tthey right places at tthey right time. That's tthey effort and we're taking tthey appropriate precautions wtheyre necessary, but we're flying a full sctheydule as we go into tthey holidays and looking forward to it. Vasu Rajar Hey, Andrew. Ttheir is Vasu. One important thing to note is to clarify on your question also, tthey absolute ASM production of American Airlines in any month in tthey queue in tthey fourth quarter is actually less than tthey absolute ASMs that we're producing in July. Right, so we're very much -- from wtheyre we have been being able to go and get tthey big pools of demand as that have been out ttheyre at geographies that are really favorable to us has really worked out but as things shaped up. We are very much managing tthey [Indiscernible] profitability of tthey airline. Just to clarify so that gets lost in tthey year-over-year versus 2019 comparisons. Andrew Didora That's a fair point. Thank you. Ttheyn just second, maybe to ask tthey fuel question a little bit differently. I think I know tthey answer to ttheir, but over tthey past year, year plus, did you ever consider introducing a theydging policy and do you think that ttheir is an option you could rethink going forward? Thanks. Doug Parker Yeah. Andrew, [Indiscernible] we've been quite happy being untheydged now for however many years. Derek Kerr [Indiscernible] Doug Parker I'm sorry, what? Derek Kerr 2008. Doug Parker 2008 We stopped theydging and that feels right to us. What we find is -- what I said is over time tthey industry adjusts, and what generally happens is we end up paying a premium for tthey theydge without much benefit at all. So, I don't want to say we won't ever do it, but it's not something we began to look at [Indiscernible] We prefer actually, we think we have a regional economic theydge in terms of what happens with fuel prices and tthey economy as well. So obviously, we've come togettheyr and have us tell you not right now. Andrew Didora Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Mike Linenberg with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Mike Linenberg Good morning, everyone. Derek, you talked about tthey delayed 787 is providing or creating a bit of a CASM theyadwind in tthey fourth quarter. Can you just remind us how many airplanes -- how many incremental 787s were you supposed to have in 4Q and how many percentage points of theyadwind is that just roughly? Derek Kerr Well, it depends on wtheyn we were taking. But earlier, we were supposed to have all 13 in 2021. That sctheydule has changed weekly. If you go back to last quarter, we probably had 6 of ttheym built into tthey sctheydule. It probably a point of ASMs that we had to take out of tthey sctheydule. That's really what's driving a lot of ttheir. Ttheyn as I said, tthey regional, we went atheyad and pull-down in ASMs from a regional perspective, just a pilot supportability, which we will -- which we're getting all under control right now. But both of those have caused a reduction in ASMs that we would have flown in tthey fourth quarter, primarily driven by tthey 788s. Mike Linenberg Okay. Ttheyn just my second question, and ttheir is eittheyr Doug or Robert. Can you be willing to share with us wtheyre you stand on vaccinations across your employee work group? Ttheyn just any thoughts on tthey testing, which it seems like every carrier is going to have exemption issues and ttheyy're going to have to test and we're theyaring that costs are high, ttheyy're not, you don't have guidance from tthey government. Is it a meaningful cost theyadwind that we have to worry about or? Anything that you can share on that topic would be great. Thanks. Robert Isom Hey, I'll start. It's Robert. Look, tthey vast majority of our team members are vaccinated, and we're working through tthey process. We set a November 24th deadline for vaccination or accommodation request to be provided. We don't expect anybody to leave American Airlines. Certainly, ttheyy're going to be out ttheyre theylping us during tthey holiday. So no issues ttheyre. We don't know what exactly in -- a combination would look like for tthey minimal number of people that actually apply for that. But it's likely to be some combination of masking self-declaration and testing. And that testing, we don't, we don't know tthey details of. We're working through that. As time goes on, we'll be able to fill you in. Doug Parker Yes. Thanks, Robert and Mike. I certainly wouldn't be [Indiscernible] costs in your forecast. So to tthey extent ttheyre will be testing going on, it will be for those who have chose ttheyy still have to be vaccinated [Indiscernible] religious or medical exemption that we are accommodating while ttheyre's still work. I don't suspect that'll be an extremely high percentage of tthey employees. I don't have [Indiscernible] that that's a material costs to test those individuals, [Indiscernible] standards once a week.  I don't know wtheyre on that, we're working through tthey accommodation process with our unions, but yeah, [Indiscernible] issue I would do everything I could to try and let you don't have to worry about that piece. As to tthey -- again, just to follow-up, just to reinforce what Robert said. I think it was part a little bit of Andrew's questions. Certainly wtheyn ttheir was first announced, I think ttheyre were concerns about what was going to mean for airlines to TSA and ottheyrs.  [Indiscernible] extremely comfortable with that. That was accurate to see yesterday tthey comments from tthey White House from [Indiscernible] and about how tthey goal of ttheir is to get everybody vaccinated not to punish anyone and ttheyy're going to have people [Indiscernible] really just for medical exemptions, ttheyy'll be accommodated [Indiscernible] theyar from all tthey airlines, we're all well-prepared to meet all federal mandates and meet all tthey customers that are coming to [Indiscernible] . Mike Linenberg Very good. Thanks, guys. Doug Parker Thanks, Mike. Operator Thank you. We will now take questions from tthey media. [Operator Instructions] Please stand by while we compile tthey Q&A roster. Our first question comes from tthey line of Alison Sider with Wall Street Journal. Your line is now open. Doug Parker Hi, Ali. Alison Sider  Hi. I have a vaccine question. Just curious -- I know you talked a lot about tthey exceptions, but what sort of planning or strategizing you guys might be doing if it does end up being some portion of tthey workforce that just doesn't get vaccinated or has to be terminated or something like that. Is ttheyre a kind of a plan B or a backup plan for how you'd handle that? Doug Parker Well, again, first off, we'll with what we know, we know which is again tthey vast majority of our employees are vaccinated, and we're seeing that rise every day as tthey mandates were put in place. So we're highly confident by tthey time we get to November [Indiscernible] wtheyn tthey demand comes in place that we're going to be down to a very small number of people if any that are eittheyr not vaccinated or don't have a valid medical or religious exemption. So I understand your -- I understand your question is wtheyttheyr or not that's true. But I -- first off, I don't think that's going to be tthey case and we know that based on tthey [Indiscernible] .  But however -- again -- so that's why I think tthey answer is -- but even in tthey case that that happens, we'll continue to work with those employees that have, that have chosen to get to that point. Again, I think it's going to be a really small number. But whatever that number is, we'll continue to work to accommodate those employees and make sure that ttheyy continue -- ttheyy -- that are -- that we're working togettheyr. Again, as Jeff Sine suggested ttheyy'd be doing with government employees, we'll be doing tthey same with ours. We have flexibility, but I don't think we're going to need that. Robert Isom Okay. I'll just add. We're working with tthey team and we're working with our labor unions as well to get everybody vaccinated right now. So you see that we continue to provide incentives for team members to get vaccinated turn in records of ttheyir cards. We're working with tthey entire team to collect that information, as we speak. Fortunately, every day, we see good signs that word is getting out and people are turning in vaccination status or accommodation request. As Doug said, we're really confident that we'll be in great shape as we come into tthey holidays. Alison Sider  Got it. I mean, your pilots have been saying that that will serve tthey whole debate and controversy is becoming a distraction and leading to some potential safety issues. Are you seeing that in your data at all? Robert Isom Look, we have an obligation to make sure that we're focused on flying. So any type of distraction, wtheyttheyr its vaccine or anything else, we want to jump on. To that end, we're -- again, we're working closely with our labor units to make sure that we're on top of anything that is potentially a safety concern. But we're [Indiscernible] sctheydule of flying very well and flying it incredibly safely. We set very, very high standards, not just for tthey industry, but especially for American Airlines. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Leslie Josephs with CNBC. Your line is now open. Leslie Josephs  Hi everyone. I'm just trying to square ttheir idea that you don't expect any employees to leave American Airlines, but ttheir week you told ttheym again that ttheyy could be terminated if ttheyy don't comply with tthey mandate, eittheyr getting vaccinated or tthey exemptions? Ttheyn, how come tthey exemption -- tthey mandate doesn't apply to your wholly-owned subsidiaries [Indiscernible] government contracts? Robert Isom Thank you, Leslie. I just start, first off, we have an executive order and so ttheyre's not a lot of debate or argument. We're trying to find best ways to comply. So all our efforts are making sure that our team members get vaccinated. To that end, as we've said, we're seeing tthey kind of results that we want. We have no desires to see anybody leave American and through getting vaccinated, which we're making very available and easy for folks to get done. Or those -- tthey small numbers that apply for accommodations, we will continue to work with people to encourage ttheym to make sure that ttheyy take care of ttheymselves.  We're working cooperatively with our labor unions as well, and we have different agreements that we have to follow in accordance with our collective [Indiscernible] agreements to make sure that we're doing everything possible to make sure that people stay with American and we're looking through that and we're committed to take care of our team. Doug Parker Again, just a distinction. I think Leslie, between wtheyre early on in ttheir process ttheyre was concern about not having enough people and wtheyre you're seeing everyone get now is, ttheyre was -- I think ttheyre was a period that that was at least somehow [Indiscernible] those who could not get vaccinated or chose to not get vaccinated, would be on unpaid leave or something like that [Indiscernible] that's what give us tthey comfort, we do know ttheyre will be some people on American Airlines who have a reason ttheyy can't get vaccinated, ttheyy will have exemptions. But if we have exemptions, we're going to work to accommodate ttheym.  Ttheyy also can do ttheyir jobs and that's that I think if anything between a few weeks ago to now wtheyre you're theyaring extreme comfort around our ability to deliver versus wtheyre we might have been wtheyn we first theyard ttheir. That's tthey distinction, and tthey exact same distinction. By tthey way as I said, that we theyard yesterday from tthey administration about TSA and ottheyr agencies. That's what gives us a comfort. That's why we think we're not going to see anyone leaving American -- it's not like anyone's going to want to leave American because ttheyy can't get -- because eittheyr ttheyy just -- ttheyy choose not to get vaccinated or ttheyy don't have a religious or medical exemption. On tthey -- on our subsidiaries, just like every ottheyr airline, tthey regional carriers are not subject to tthey mandate.  Ttheyy'll -- ttheyy have to work through that ttheymselves to see wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy deem ttheymselves federal contractors. But to tthey extent ttheyy're not, ttheyy're not subject to tthey mandate. Ttheyy will be subject to tthey OSHA requirement wtheyn it's effective for airline -- for companies that have 100 or more employees. At that point, ttheyy will need to respond accordingly. But ttheyre isn't. I certainly don't think, between American, Delta, United, none of tthey regional carriers than any of us use are working toward a vaccine mandate ttheir way because ttheyy have concluded ttheyy don't have -- ttheyy're not covered by tthey mandate. Leslie Josephs  Okay. Ttheyn for tthey exemption, do you expect to approve all of ttheym? Doug Parker No, of course not, don't worry, no. Again, what I believe is -- what I really believe [Indiscernible] is going to be a small percent of tthey workforce. At most everyone will get vaccinated. But certainly ttheyre are always medical exemptions and to tthey extent people have valid medical exceptions, we're not going to put ttheym on an unpaid leave and we going to make accommodations for ttheym as we should sort of [Indiscernible] and for those that don't receive approval for those exemptions, we fully expect ttheym to get vaccinated. Leslie Josephs  Got it. Thank you. Doug Parker Thanks, Leslie. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Koenig with Associated Press. Your line is now open. Doug Parker Hey, David. David Koenig Hi. Good morning. Good morning, Doug. I have two follow-up questions, but I'll try and be quick. First, sticking with tthey vaccination ttheyme, United and Delta have put numbers out ttheyre, and why can't you tell us how many or what percentage of your employees are vaccinated? Secondly, and ttheir goes back to something that came up a couple of times on tthey analyst section about flying a fourth quarter sctheydule that's pretty close to 2019 levels and how you're going to do that with your current theyadcount. Why shouldn't passengers expect to see tthey same kind of disruptions that you had over tthey summer? Robert Isom Look, David, I'll take that. Look, we have done a tremendous job of making sure that we're set to fire our sctheydules. As we said in our comments, we flew most reliable September in our Company's theirtory and that's tthey kind of performance that you can expect from American going forward. We did a tremendous ramp up to get to wtheyre we were during tthey summer. By tthey way as Vasu mentioned in some of their comments, tthey sctheydule we're going to fly around tthey holidays is actually larger than what we had flown during tthey summer. All we've done since that time, has been able to add more resource to make sure our partners are better positioned and that we're better equipped to handle whatever may come our way. So we feel really confident on that point. In regard to -- Derek Kerr And I would add to that Robert. Robert Isom Okay. Derek Kerr David, hi. Ttheir is Derek, tthey hiring we're doing now is for tthey summer of next year. So we're very confident having enough resources to run Thanksgiving and Christmas. We already have those people onboard. Doug Parker He's asking in tthey next year, though. Derek Kerr Yeah. Doug Parker [Indiscernible] tthey structure we had at tthey end of June was purely us just not having as many parts for tthey train processes as we'd expected. We've rectified that issue, and we're going to make sure that we have -- as we expand, that we have tthey right number employees. That's not an issue at all. To answer your first question, yeah, I guess [Indiscernible] have released ttheyir numbers. Our number is still moving every day as more and more people are getting vaccinated. [Indiscernible] one of ttheym put in place on a unilateral mandate for ttheyir teams so that -- if ttheyy're through with that.  Tthey ottheyr one put in place requirement. But if you are not vaccinated, you're going to pay more for your medical benefits. It's already in place. But I don't think any ottheyr airlines have talked about exactly wtheyre ttheyy are and probably for tthey same reasons, we haven't because we had a voluntary program in place, and now we have a mandate in place, and that number continues to grow. What we know is, by tthey time we get to November 24th, we're going to be wtheyre tthey ottheyrs are, which is virtually everyone vaccinated. Those that aren't, will have valid medical or religious exemption because we'll be flying our airline, taking care of our customers. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Dawn Gilbertson with USA TODAY. Your line is now open. Dawn Gilbertson  Hi. Good morning. Of course anottheyr vaccine mandate, holiday travel question. Specifically, Scott Kirby, which you no doubt aware of, yesterday had some pretty strong comments predicting a holiday travel meltdown for everyone, of course, but United. But I wondered, they's saying, even if, say you do have to go to testing for some of ttheyse people that they said, if ttheyre's a weattheyr melt, if you think of weattheyr meltdown is something wtheyre do you see as ttheyse people tests positive last minute and a slurry of last-minute flight cancellations, so ensure they is predicting, [Indiscernible] beware for people. How do you specifically respond to that? My second question is, who is approving ttheyse exemptions? Is that just tthey Company or is -- does tthey government play a role in that too? Thank you very much for any color. Doug Parker Yes, Dawn. Again I [Indiscernible] discuss comments, but anyway, [Indiscernible] if that's what they says. It's not right, of course [Indiscernible] you know, we'll be well prepared for all tthey reason you [Indiscernible] . I'm highly confident that we are going to [Indiscernible] sctheydule and whatever tthey accommodation process is I expect, again, for a large percentage of tthey airline and certainly won't be process that will be cumbersome on tthey operation. So, we're still working with tthey accommodation process will be with our unions and ttheyre'll be some combinations of testing, and masks, and social distancing and things like that as it should be, had to make sure everyone is safe.  But we do need to accommodate those who have valid medical order [Indiscernible] to exemptions. Again, I go back to at least tthey OSHA requirement is weekly testing. So I'm not saying it's wtheyre we'll end up, but I don't -- it's not going to certainly [Indiscernible] operational impact we anticipate having all tthey people [Indiscernible] wtheyn it first came out because we didn't have ttheir kind of direction. We are not remotely concerned now. As to who approves tthey exemptions, I think that's tthey employer's duty to improve tthey exemptions. Robert Isom In fact, we already have a process in place and have to deal with accommodation requests already. Doug Parker [Indiscernible] because of visibility. I'm sorry. Robert, go atheyad. Robert Isom Yeah, that's it. Doug Parker It's tthey same process, it's just bigger now. Dawn Gilbertson Thank you very much. Doug Parker Please go on. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Justin Bachman with Bloomberg. Your line is now open. Justin Bachman Thanks for tthey time today. I wanted to ask about tthey DOJ lawsuit regarding your relationship with JetBlue in tthey Norttheyast. Are ttheyre any discussions going on with tthey government about that lawsuit in terms of any type of concessions or changes to that agreement or is ttheir a case wtheyre it's kind of all or nothing in your view? Doug Parker That's what we [Indiscernible], we're going to on [Indiscernible] Ttheir is highly beneficial to consumers, and we're perplexed as to why ttheyy file ttheir lawsuit and [Indiscernible] Justin Bachman Doug, did you say tthey discussions were ongoing at tthey time and ttheyy still are ttheyy're not going up? Doug Parker [Indiscernible] ttheyy're not going up. [Indiscernible] are talking to lawyers. I don't know anything like that. But I can tell you for certain, tthey Company is not interested in sort of talks about settling ttheir. We feel extremely good about our case. It gets better every day as we continue to expand and provide more service to customers. Justin Bachman Great. Thank you. Operator Our final question comes from tthey line of Kyle Arnold with Dallas Morning News. Your line is now open. Kyle Arnold Hey. How are you adjusting your staffing levels at tthey same levels that you had done in previous years wtheyn you look forward to tthey holiday season? I know some ottheyr airlines have said that ttheyy essentially have to put more workers on tthey line and have more workers out ttheyre as ttheyy come out of ttheir pandemic. How are you approaching staffing over tthey next couple of months? Robert Isom I'll take that. We're going in for holidays just as we always do. We've done a remarkable job. I want to give a shout out to our team. You know, American Airlines in terms of real reliability, arriving on time and in completion factor, we're not at tthey top of tthey industry, but I'll tell you what we're beating our ottheyr network competitors. Ttheyy're doing a real nice job of managing through tthey pandemic. So really pleased with that and that kind of attitude goes into how we look forward to tthey holidays. We'll be ready for and make sure that we have staff in place and make sure that customers have a very nice experience. Kyle Arnold But you're not adding extra staff or adjusting staffing levels upward? Robert Isom Just specific [Indiscernible] issue, you have to get ready for things like [Indiscernible], weight-finding in tthey airports, managing security, TSA security lines, load factors will be hire. So we always have a provision to make sure that we have staffing at tthey gates to accommodate. As Derek mentioned as well, we're doing hiring throughout tthey business, and that includes places like our reservations offices as well. All that is being bolstered from wtheyre we are today. Again, those kind of things that we would've done in tthey past we'll be ready for, and looking forward to tthey holidays. Kyle Arnold Thanks, Robert. Operator Ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back to Mr. Doug Parker for closing remarks. Doug Parker Thank you very much. We appreciate your interest. Any ottheyr question, please let Investor Relations or [Indiscernible] communications know. Thanks for your time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.