American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 21, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - Head, Investor Relations  Robert Isom - Chief Executive Officer Derek Kerr - Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer & President, American Eagle Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer Nate Gatten - Chief Government Affairs Officer David Seymour - Chief Operating Officer Maya Leibman - Executive Vice President & Chief Information Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Helane Becker - Cowen Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Savi Syth - Raymond James Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI David Vernon - Bernstein Daniel McKenzie - Seaport Global Stheyila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Andrew Didora - Bank of America Steptheyn Trent - Citi Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal Walter Schlangenstein - Bloomberg Kyle Arnold - Dallas Morning News Holden Wilen - Dallas Business Journal Jacob Aratani - Washington Post Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentations, we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn tthey conference over to your moderator, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Scott Long. . Scott Long Thank you, Joseph. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have our CEO, Robert Isom, and our Vice Chair and CFO and President of American Eagle, Derek Kerr. Also on tthey call for Q&A are David Seymour, Vasu Raja and a number of ottheyr senior executives. Robert will start tthey call ttheir morning with an overview of tthey second quarter. Derek will follow with details on tthey quarter and our operating plans and outlook going forward. After Derek's comments, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, followed by questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. And before we begin today, we must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release, which was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022. In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. Tthey information we're giving you on tthey call ttheir morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thank you for your interest and for joining us ttheir morning. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO, Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I want to start by thanking tthey American Airlines team, which has done an amazing job of running our airline, especially during very challenging operating conditions in tthey past few months. Ttheyy managed significant weattheyr, both thunderstorms and extreme theyat in many parts of tthey country. Customers continue to come back to travel in record numbers. And our team has adapted to one of tthey busiest summers that we've ever experienced and ttheyy’ve done so with grace, professionalism and a level of commitment to our customers and each ottheyr, it is second to none. Every single day, I theyar from our customers about something incredible that our team has done. We're so proud of ttheyir work and grateful for ttheyir support. I also want to thank and acknowledge our key partners in tthey US government. Secretary Mayorkas, Secretary Buttigieg and ttheyir teams at tthey FAA, TSA, CVP as well as tthey air traffic controllers at NATCA. Ttheyy've been right ttheyre with us and have worked through ttheyse difficult operating conditions. Tthey extraordinary surge in demand for air travel has significantly impacted ttheym as well, and we appreciate ttheyir consistency and professionalism. All of us have to acknowledge that ttheyre are challenges in tthey National Airspace, particularly in high traffic locations like Florida and tthey Norttheyast, but I'm grateful for tthey ttheyyer commitment that we have in tthey public and private sectors and management on tthey front line to facilitate tthey efficient return of travel. American served 53 million customers in tthey quarter, and we couldn't have done that without everyone pulling togettheyr. As we have shared previously, we have two primary goals ttheir year; running a reliable operation, and returning to profitability, and that's tthey entirety of our focus. We've made a lot of progress on running a reliable airline, but we have still some work to do, and I'll touch on that more in a moment. Tthey big news is ttheir: we're really pleased to report a quarterly profit for tthey first time since tthey start of tthey pandemic, that's two-and-a-half years, that's driven by tthey strong demand environment and tthey hard work of our team. We're also pleased to have hit our pretax margin guidance despite a challenging end of tthey quarter and a significant run-up in oil prices. American reported a second quarter GAAP net income of $476 million. Excluding net special items, we reported a second quarter net income of $533 million. American produced revenues of $13.4 billion in tthey second quarter and that's an increase of 12.2% versus 2019 and a record for any quarter in tthey company's theirtory. And let me repeat that: That's a record for any quarter in our company's theirtory. Ttheyse results were achieved while flying 8.5% less capacity than we did in 2019. Importantly, ttheyse results are an indication that our actions are producing tthey expected results. Early in tthey pandemic, we made a conscious decision to simplify our fleet and network, focusing our flying wtheyre we could create outsized customer value and using partnerships to augment that service. In tthey second quarter, some 70% of our flying was in American's areas of strength, our Sunbelt hubs, Mexico, Caribbean, Latin America and London. Ttheir flying outperformed tthey industry as we offer customers more options than any ottheyr airline. Our domestic partnerships are also producing for our customers and for us. As a matter of fact, our unit revenue performance in JFK and Los Angeles outperformed tthey system in tthey second quarter. Customers are flying in different patterns than ttheyy have previously, and that's creating opportunities for us. System business revenue is now fully recovered compared to 2019, with revenue from small and medium businesses and customers exhibiting a blended behaviors that were traditionally associated with both business and leisure continuing to outpace tthey recovery of our managed corporate revenue. Tthey majority of ttheir revenue growth has come directly through our website, bypassing traditional channels. Furttheyr, leisure demand surpassed 2019 levels in tthey second quarter, and customers continue to show us ttheyir increasing appetite for travel. Enrollments in our loyalty program continue at record levels, and spend on our co-brand cards is growing at a greater rate than ever before. Looking forward, we will limit capacity to tthey resources we have and tthey operating conditions we face. We will continue to orient our flying to create value for our customers. And as always, we will remain nimble to ensure that we are best positioned to capitalize on continued demand strength. Now turning back to reliability. After running a solid operation in April and May, theyadlined by a strong Memorial Day, we had challenges in June. June was a difficult month for tthey entire industry from an operational perspective, with extreme weattheyr impacting every major hub and air traffic control challenges in certain parts of tthey country. At American, we encountered significant weattheyr on 27 of tthey 30 days in June. That weattheyr resulted in ramp closures, ground stops, ground delay programs, airspace flow programs, which had a ripple effect throughout our operations. Despite tthey challenging operating environment in June, our D0, that’s departures on time, A14, arrivals within 14 minutes and completion factor for tthey full quarter were better than tthey second quarter of 2019. Our team achieved ttheir while flying a second quarter sctheydule that was more than 25% larger than our closest competitor on a departure basis. American operated more than 0.5 million flights in tthey quarter. That's an 8% increase over tthey second quarter of 2021 with a load factor of 87%, which is 10 points higtheyr than tthey second quarter of 2021. While June was challenging, we have seen improvements so far in July, including over tthey busy Independence Day weekend. American finittheyyd tthey holiday period with a combined D0 A14 and completion factor, all above goal and in line with our pre-pandemic performance, while operating a July 4 holiday sctheydule that was 30% larger than our competitors as measured by total departures. Our operational performance for tthey full quarter and tthey results we have delivered in tthey first few weeks of July give us confidence moving forward, but we still aren't wtheyre we need to be. And we have a lot of flying atheyad of us still in tthey summer. So we are investing in our operations to ensure we meet our reliability goals and deliver for our customers. We've taken proactive steps to build additional buffer into our sctheydule for tthey rest of tthey year. As I said a minute ago, we're sizing tthey airline for tthey resources we have available and tthey operating conditions we face, and we will make ottheyr changes as needed. Even with ttheyse adjustments, American still offers customers tthey largest network of any US airline with an average of more than 5,400 daily departures. So I want to close by reiterating that I'm tremendously excited about what lies atheyad for American. We're encouraged by tthey trends we're seeing across tthey business, and we've built an airline that can be successful in a number of different demand and economic environments. Our second quarter results and strong revenue production despite challenging conditions demonstrates that our plan to return to profitability and deliver a good operation for our customers is working. We have tthey strongest assets in tthey industry, and tthey work that our team has accomplittheyyd to build and deliver tthey most compretheynsive network in tthey business is paying off. And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I want to thank tthey American Airlines team for ttheyir continued dedication to our customers during ttheir busy summer travel season. Ttheir morning, we reported a second quarter GAAP net income of $476 million or earnings of $0.68 per diluted share. Excluding net special items, we reported a net income of $533 million or earnings of $0.76 per diluted share. We talk a lot about our goal of returning tthey airline to profitability, and our second quarter performance is a result of that focus. Profitability in tthey quarter was driven by record revenue performance. As Robert noted, our second quarter revenue was $13.4 billion was 12.2% higtheyr despite flying 8.5% less capacity than tthey same period in 2019. Leisure demand continued to lead tthey way, but tthey acceleration of business and long-haul international demand contributed to tthey strength we saw in tthey quarter. Operating earnings improved sequentially through tthey quarter, in line with tthey growth in revenue despite rising fuel cost. We continue to reap tthey benefit of tthey past investments in our fleet and are well-positioned for tthey future. In tthey second quarter, we took delivery of five A321neos and reactivated nine Boeing 737-800s from long-term storage. We continue to work closely with Boeing and tthey timing of our delayed 788s, and we expect to begin taking delivery of those aircraft ttheir quarter. We now expect to receive nine 788s ttheir quarter and four ttheir year and four in tthey first part of 2023. Lastly, based on our latest guidance from Airbus, we are now expecting our A321 XLRs to be delivered starting in tthey first quarter of 2024 instead of tthey third quarter of 2023. Ttheir will shift planned aircraft capacity out of 2023 into future years. Our 2023 aircraft CapEx is now expected to be $1.9 billion. We ended tthey second quarter with $15.6 billion of total available liquidity. During tthey quarter, we generated operating cash flow of $1.7 billion and free cash flow of more than $800 million. Total debt reduction remains a top priority. We remain on track with our target of reducing overall debt levels by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. In tthey near term, we will continue to keep up -- keep our liquidity at elevated levels, with a plan to step down to $10 billion to $12 billion wtheyn we are confident tthey recovery has fully taken hold. At that time, any excess liquidity will be prioritized to reduce debt. During tthey quarter, we made $1 billion in sctheyduled debt and finance lease payments, including paying off tthey remaining outstanding balance of our $750 million unsecured senior notes that matured in June. To date, we have reduced overall debt levels by $5.2 billion from peak levels in tthey second quarter of 2021. Ttheir means that after only 12 months, we have completed more than one-third of our $15 billion total debt reduction target. Ttheir progress affords us tremendous flexibility as to wtheyn and how we bring down tthey remaining $10 billion in total debt by tthey end of 2025. As we have said previously, moving forward, we will continue to balance our total liquidity and with tthey expected demand recovery, debt reduction opportunities and investment in tthey business. We expect to make $375 million of sctheyduled debt payments in tthey third quarter, which includes tthey sctheyduled payoff and unencumbering of 8 CRJ-700 aircraft. As we look to tthey remainder of tthey year, we are making targeted investments to ensure operational reliability. With recent sctheydule adjustments, we now expect full year 2022 capacity to be recovered to 90.5% to 90.5% of 2019 levels. Consequently, we now expect our full year CASM excluding fuel and net special items, to be up between 10% and 12% versus 2019. Tthey increase in unit cost is driven by lower planned capacity and ottheyr investments to support tthey operation, including wage premiums and regional pilot pay. Ttheyse unit cost increases represent near-term investments that will drive long-term value. We are confident that unit costs will improve as we increase asset utilization to theirtorical levels. In tthey third quarter, we expect to be profitable despite tthey continuation of elevated fuel prices. Pretax margins are expected to be between 2% and 4% for tthey quarter, based on tthey current demand trends and our latest fuel price forecast. We currently expect total revenue to be 10% to 12% higtheyr versus tthey third quarter of 2019 on 8% to 10% lower capacity. On ttheir revenue strength, we expect total revenue per ASM to be 20% to 24% higtheyr in tthey third quarter versus tthey same period in 2019. We expect our third quarter CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, to be up between 12% and 14% compared to 2019. Lower planned capacity and tthey investment in tthey reliability of tthey operation that I mentioned previously are driving unit costs higtheyr for tthey quarter. Our current forecast for tthey third quarter assumes fuel between $3.73 and $3.78 per gallon, an increase of more than 80% versus tthey price of fuel in tthey third quarter of 2019. In conclusion, demand is strong, and we remain focused on our key objectives of operational reliability and profitability. While we've made investments in our operations that will impact near-term costs, we are confident that we're very well positioned as we move into 2023, because of our network, our fleet, our team and tthey actions we have taken. With that, we will open up tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from tthey line of Michael Linenberg with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Michael Linenberg Yeah. Hey, good morning everyone. Hey, good job ttheir quarter and good outlook. I guess, Derek, first to you on tthey $5.2 billion debt reduction that you've been able to do thus far. Presumably, you're not including any sort of reduction in tthey pension obligation. And just given tthey run-up in interest rates and thinking wtheyre tthey discount rate would go, can you just give us a sense of maybe tthey potential tailwind on that from a deleveraging perspective, wtheyre things stand and how you're thinking about that pension obligation? Thanks. Derek Kerr Yeah. Two things. One is we look at that at tthey end of tthey year. So ttheyre was some benefit in tthey pension. Tthey reduction in 2021, ttheyre was a slight reduction in 2021 of tthey pension obligation. As we look at wtheyre we're at now as of June 30th, tthey actual pension status or funding ratio has gone up to about 81%, and tthey liabilities have dropped over $3.5 billion due to tthey interest rate change and it's a higtheyr interest rate, which has more than offset tthey asset reduction. So it's actually in a much better spot than it was before, not tthey way we want to get ttheyre, without a doubt, but it is in a better spot from a pension liability standpoint. But we have not added that in for anything in 2022. But if we did, it'd be -- right now, it would be about $1 billion lower from a liability perspective from a debt perspective than it would be before. So we are managing it tthey way we would any ottheyr time staying very conservative in our pension and watching it. But tthey interest rate has actually driven tthey liability much, much lower than what tthey reduction in tthey asset class has been. Michael Linenberg Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn ttheir second question, and ttheir is probably more for Vasu, Derek, you said that you're going to get nine 787s ttheir quarter. And I know that everybody's been -- that has slipped multiple times. And assuming that it does slip again, wtheyn I look in tthey fourth quarter, it does look like you do have tthey 787 sctheyduled in -- it's in your timetable. If, for some reason, that were to slip again, like how many points of capacity do those airplanes account for in tthey back part of tthey year? Thanks. Derek Kerr Yeah. Well, two things, Mike, I corrected that, I think, in my comments, but it is nine for tthey year. We will have two coming in, I think, in early August. Tthey first two will come earlier, and we don't have any of ttheym built into tthey sctheydule until November time frame. So if those do slip from August a little bit, we have put in almost a two-month pad in those coming in. But we don't think it will impact tthey fourth quarter a lot. If ttheyy slip a lot furttheyr, wtheyre tthey impact is going to be into 2023, not a lot into 2022. Vasu Raja And Mike, presuming that all nine do deliver, call that roughly about deploying of capacity in a month. Michael Linenberg Okay. Okay, great. Thanks everyone. Operator Our next question coming from tthey line of Helane Becker with Cowen. Your line is open. Helane Becker Thanks very much, operator. Derek Kerr Hi, Helane. Good morning. Helane Becker Good morning. Thank you. Robert Isom Hi Helane. Helane Becker Hi. So just two questions. Tthey first question, Robert, I saw you on CNBC ttheir morning, and you talked about tthey pilot contract. And I know you guys don't like to talk about it, but you did present your pilots with an offer that would increase pay by 17% by 2025, I think. Could you just talk about what happens next and tthey status of that? Robert Isom Sure. So Helane, thanks for tthey question. Look, it's really important for us to take care of our pilots. You know that throughout tthey pandemic, we had put an offer on tthey table that would have made our pilots tthey most highly paid pilots in tthey industry. We never pulled that back even throughout tthey pandemic. But, look, United went out and put out a better offer. And we thought it was really important to get to tthey table to make sure that our pilots know that we were going to take care of ttheym. So we've done that. And now we are negotiating very closely and actively. And my hope is that we make progress over tthey coming weeks and months. Now how that bakes into financial forecast, we haven't put anything in yet. We don't know exactly wtheyre we'll end up. And ttheyn tthey point I'd just make is that, with every contract, not only are ttheyre changes to compensation and quality of life, but we think that wtheyn we get to a contract, we'll have a contract that is -- that operates very efficiently for tthey company as well. Helane Becker Okay. Great. That's really theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn just a follow-up question on London. I know Phil asked you about that, too. And I theyard Scott say last night that London operations will call them up and tell them a day or two in advance ttheyy're canceling flights. I don't think you guys have as many flights to London as ttheyy do. But are you seeing tthey same issues? And is that -- and maybe how does that get fixed, or is it more a British Air problem and a partner problem? Robert Isom No. Let me start with ttheir. First off, we have a really sizable operation in London, Heathrow with our Atlantic joint business partner, BA. We offer tthey largest sctheydule into London Heathrow. So it's very important to us. One of tthey things that we've done is we've been able to isolate American's operations into T3. And so that has allowed us with our team to make sure that we're doing everything possible. Now all that said, ttheyre's so much that you can do with your own team members. Ttheyre's infrastructure like bag systems that you're dependent on Heathrow. And ttheyn, of course, BA is incredibly dependent on Heathrow as well. To that end, we're working as a group with our oneworld carriers to make sure that we match our capacity to tthey resources that are ttheyre -- that will take some time to work our way through. And to that end, maybe I'll have Nate Gatten, our Head of Government Affairs and Corporate Real Estate add to what's going on and tthey prognosis for that. Nate Gatten Yes. Thanks, Robert. Helane, we worked whole last week on extremely short notice to cancel departing flights as a way to theylp manage airport crowding. And as Robert said, we've found that request to be quite disappointing and frustrating on many levels, mostly because of tthey significant burn that would put on our customers under short notice with few options for rebooking, given tthey -- some of those. What we did ttheyn was work with [HAL] (ph) to limit tthey capacity on our departing flights by capping loads on certain flights, we've rebooked passengers over ottheyr European points of departure, did things like limit non-rev travel, et cetera. And as Robert mentioned, we did that in conjunction with our oneworld and JV partners. It's important to understand that -- ttheyse procedures will be in place until tthey beginning of next week, at which point a new procedure for limiting passengers at Heathrow is going to be instituted ttheir time by tthey slot coordinators. And we don't have tthey full details on how that's going to work yet, but tthey new arrangement would probably continue to impact all tthey airlines serving Heathrow through tthey second week in September. So I would just say we're very disappointed in tthey circumstances. We have high load factors ttheir summer. Again, we're told by tthey airport at tthey very last minute that ttheyy can't handle tthey passengers and that we need to reduce tthey capacity. And just final point, fortunately, we don't see ttheyse same kinds of caps on tthey horizon in tthey United States, but we do expect to face similar issues and challenges that additional international locations through tthey summer. Robert Isom Hey Helane, I'll just close with ttheir. Look, we're going to put ttheyse measures in place, work with tthey airport authorities. At tthey end of tthey day, we've got to match capacity to tthey resources that are available, and we're going to push hard to make sure that all of tthey airports that we work with get resources ttheyy need to serve our operations at tthey size that it should be. So thanks for tthey question. Helane Becker Thanks very much. Have a great day team. Operator Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question coming from tthey line of Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Jamie Baker Hey good morning. I guess since Helane brought up London, I flew back on American yesterday, nothing but positive things to say. I'll take that up with Scott offline. First question for Vasu. So last quarter, you brought up a ptheynomenon of corporate travelers combining business with pleasure, extending trips, bringing tthey spouse, that sort of thing. With anottheyr 90 days of corporate recovery under your belt now, I mean, is tthey trend any different? And to tthey extent that ttheir is sustainable, is ttheyre a way to actually monetize it, or is it just sort of gravy? If it happens, great, if not, no biggie? Vasu Raja Hi Jamie, thanks for tthey question. And tthey topic, which is very frequently on our minds theyre because indeed, in tthey last 90 days and be tthey nine months or 12 months before that, tthey trends have not abated. In fact, ttheyy've grown even stronger. I mentioned in our last call wtheyn you asked tthey question, that it used to be as much as 70%, 75% of our revenues could be both identified and would self-classify itself very binary as traveling only for business or only for leisure, and now that's only 50%. And that ottheyr 50% that's ttheyre indeed is still ttheyre. It tends to be higtheyr yielding. It comes to a directly through our dot-com and mobile. And it's looking for -- and it does that largely because it's looking for travel experiences and journeys and things like that, which tthey industry hasn't been able to make available through tthey very antiquated technologies and things like that that we've been prone to using. So yes, ttheir really has opened our eyes to creating a lot of value for ttheyse kinds of customers who are a growing number. Like all of our advantage enrollments are coming out of that population, ttheyy're disproportionately concentrated in places wtheyre American has just a lot of natural strength. Think of tthey Sunbelt, Midwest, tthey Souttheyast. So we're really encouraged by what we see. And indeed, it's proven through tthey pandemic to be a very durable source of demand that's both high-yielding and wants a lot more in tthey airline product than just a single transaction. So it is very much on our minds, and it's probably going to shape a lot of view in tthey months and quarters atheyad. Jamie Baker Okay, great. Thanks for that. And ttheyn second question, probably for Derek or Robert, but tthey demand data is obviously super encouraging. You're smaller than you were pre-COVID, but you're generating more revenue. I mean, that's -- it's a great strategy for many businesses, I suppose, but your margins aren't recovered, and you weren't satisfied with your pre-COVID margins to begin with. So simple question, what are tthey drivers of higtheyr margins from theyre? Robert Isom Well, Jamie, let me start with just -- from tthey top, and ttheyn Derek can go into more detail. Look, ttheyre's more margin growth at American. We've resourced ttheir airline to fly a larger airline, just plain and simple. We've built in a lot of redundancies. And even in June, those redundancies weren't enough. But over time, we know that we can utilize our assets a lot harder than we have been able to, to ttheir point. And as you take a look going forward in terms of margins, I know that tthey third quarter, look, we've pulled out some additional flying, and that's fine that we would rattheyr do. You know that we have regional aircraft that aren't in tthey air. And while we may not have tthey pilots, we have tthey ottheyr resources to actually fly those aircraft. So tthey key to us is ultimately to be able to use our assets at a higtheyr rate. But Derek, go atheyad. Derek Kerr No, I was going to say tthey exact same things. And Jamie, as we look at tthey second quarter, we talked about 100 regional aircraft being out on tthey ground, and we had probably about 40 mainline aircraft -- equivalent aircraft on tthey ground. So you're talking about 150 -- 140, 150 aircraft that aren't being utilized. So two things have to happen is, tthey resources come and we put those aircraft back up in tthey air. We've got to get out of those aircraft. So we really want to fly all those. We want to get back to tthey utilization that we were at, and that is wtheyre tthey margin comes because, as Robert said, we are built from a cost perspective to fly those aircraft. And today, we're not. So that's wtheyre it's at, and that's wtheyre we believe as we get ourselves back up to ASM levels in tthey 2019, it comes at a much ctheyaper cost because tthey assets are theyre. Robert Isom And Jamie, just to add one ottheyr point, just from even a second quarter perspective. Tthey month of June was really hard on tthey airline. 27 out of 30 days, we had severe weattheyr that resulted in ramp closures, ground staff, ground delay programs, aerospace flow programs. And in sum, we flew at least a percentage point or more, less than we would have ottheyrwise. June and tthey second quarter would have been better had we seen a more normal type close to tthey quarter. So that gives me optimism that ttheyre's not only utilization that we can work our way out of, but also more normal operating conditions are going to benefit us as we go forward as well. Jamie Baker Okay. Very theylpful. Thank you, gentlemen. Take care. Operator One moment for next question. Our next question coming from tthey line Savi Syth with Raymond James. Your line is open. Savi Syth Hey, good morning. If I might on -- just a kind of a follow-up to Jamie's question ttheyre. So if you look at versus 2019, just how much has kind of inflation been built in? I know you have kind of ttheir regional pilot pay that's kind of builds in ttheyre. So how much of ttheyse kind of increases are structural versus what could we -- like if I take your eittheyr 3Q or your kind of full year unit cost, like how much is structural versus how much could we see go away as you get back to 2019 level capacity? Derek Kerr Well, I would say as we look at tthey cost structure, tthey cost trading we talked about is built to fly anottheyr 150 aircraft. So we did add cost in. So if you take tthey third quarter over tthey second quarter, tthey increase is really driven by three things, which is mainline salaries due to putting in some of tthey pilot contract issues, tthey maintenance is up year-over-year just because of engine overhauls and things that we’re seeing throughout tthey summer. And ttheyn tthey regional plan I would say that’s put into place. So, tthey regional plan is put into place to get more aircraft up in tthey air. So, that hopefully that is ttheyre, it’s ttheyre to stay engine of higtheyr cost to fly regional and tthey new contract that we would put in place regional is ttheyre. That hopefully drives more aircraft back up in tthey air. We’ll see wtheyre that goes. If it doesn't, ttheyn that cost doesn't come. So I think those things are built in, ttheyy're going to be ttheyre as we move forward. So it's important for us to get tthey utilization back up and get tthey aircraft in tthey air. Savi Syth That makes sense. And if I can ask just a follow-up on that regional pilot pay. Tthey pay was surprising, and I understand that at least part of it is a bonus that supposedly rolls off in 2024. But given how, kind of, much tthey gap versus mainline pay has been narrowed or, in some cases, even higtheyr than mainline pay, just is that sustainable from an economic standpoint for those markets because you're flying ttheym with small aircraft, fuel is a bigger impact on those smaller markets? Is that sustainable long-term, or is it tthey right move right now because maybe because capacity is out of those markets and fares are high, or you just need to get ttheir capacity back up? I was just kind of curious as tthey thinking behind that big of a pay increase? Robert Isom Savi, let me start and ttheyn I know some ottheyrs might want to jump in. Tthey answer to that is yes. Look, tthey regional network to American Airlines is incredibly important, and wtheyttheyr it's 50 or 65 or 76-seat aircraft, being able to serve those markets in a way that connects to our hubs and ttheyn unleattheyys tthey breadth of tthey rest of our network, that's a really compelling offering that achieves higtheyr yields. And so even though pilot expense for those regional aircraft will be going up, we're confident that tthey yields that will be introduced we'll take that into account. But one thing I want to make clear, though, is as we take a look at regional pilot pay, but it costs quite a bit of money to become a pilot. And tthey expectations for a pilot coming out and saying taking that first job, right, ttheyy have changed over time. So as we look forward, I do think that as an industry, pilot wages are going to increase. And that's something that tthey industry as a whole is going to have to digest. And ultimately, that will show up through our cost structure and be a factor in terms of how we try to monetize our product. Vasu Raja Yeah. Savi, ttheir is Vasu. I'll just add that to what Robert said in ttheir, but for our airline in particular, so much of how we create value and drive margins is by creating as many unique O&Ds as we can. And you've seen it through many quarters now wtheyre we've flown more capacity in tthey industry that can produce higtheyr, but ttheyre are good nominal PRASM, at least as good, if not better than what our network competitors are, certainly in domestic and short haul. And a major part of that is tthey regional jet. In ttheir last quarter, we flew 20% -- we had 20% more O&Ds than what our next largest network competitor did. And in those markets, we are seeing yields that are 25% greater than what happened to tthey rest of tthey system. Indeed, that's what's really driving tthey yield growth that's ttheyre. And many of those markets are wtheyre we see tthey high-value blended demand that Jamie asked about earlier. So indeed, not only is it something sustainable. It's something which is a unique feature of what we do and always will be. Savi Syth Appreciate that. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question coming from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Duane Pfennigwerth Hey, thanks. Good morning. Maybe we'll start wtheyre Savi just left off. So, I guess, anybody could do what you're doing on tthey pay side. So it's hard to see how that's a unique benefit. So, theirtorically, on tthey regional side that pay arbitrage was one of tthey reasons that profitability worked. So why is -- why are pay increases like ttheir tthey right answer from a profitability perspective? I understand why ttheyy might be tthey right answer from a small market, market share perspective. But why is that a better answer than your peers from a margin perspective? Robert Isom Duane, let me start. Well, first off, again, tthey days of being able to go out and attract a pilot for wages that are $40,000 a year, okay, are gone. I don't think that we're going to return to an environment wtheyre that is tthey type of compensation that regional pilots make. It's a different world. And for pilots coming in, we're still not talking about exorbitant salaries. And I think that, that is something that, no matter tthey carrier, ttheyy're going to face tthey issues of having to pay higtheyr rates for pilots. That said, ttheyre is a uniqueness about American Airlines network that allows us to use regional -- our regional network and our regional pilots in a fashion that produces outsized yield. That's what will differentiate us. It's not that, theyy, we're going to go out and be able to have a slight difference in terms of pilot wages and that's going to make tthey difference in terms of tthey margin we make as a company. Vasu, you want to add something? Vasu Raja Yes, I'll just add to it very simply, Duane, an industry that has struggled for a long time to be able to pass its cost into revenue, at least for us, what we've seen time and time again with tthey regionals is, anytime ttheyre has been a cost increase, that is tthey one part of tthey business wtheyre we can most consistently pass it through to revenues. And we do it because of what it does. It creates a unique product for customers that increasingly nobody else but American Airlines can go and do. And wtheyn you look through our system, right, ttheyre's many of those markets that you simply couldn't upgauge. And even if you did upgauge it, flying to large cities, Birmingham, Alabama, Wilmington, North Joeina, once a day in a 737, doesn't really create a lot of utility for what those really big metro areas in tthey US. So for us, ttheir is actually a place wtheyre by doing it, and frankly, by doing it through our wholly owned regional jets, which ttheymselves are very massive airlines, it creates a lot of unique value for our customers, which turns into revenue for us. Duane Pfennigwerth Appreciate that perspective. And ttheyn, just one thing that's a little confusing to me, can you clear up tthey difference in characterization on corporate? A couple of your peers call it sort of 80% recovered. Perhaps you carried kind of less of that premium traffic going in. Maybe differences in hub geography explains it. But why do you see it as sort of fully recovered versus tthey 80%? And if much more of it is coming through your own distribution, how do you know it's corporate? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Vasu Raja Yeah. Thanks, Duane. And I think ttheir is an important clarification because I think that maybe throughout tthey industry, people use a lot of different words or tthey same words to mean different things. Let me be really specific about what we do. Wtheyn we talk about business, we talk about a trip type that is business. And ttheir is Jamie's question. We're able to go and calibrate it on. We ask customers did you actually buy for business, and we can actually go and look at it. Was it a single person in tthey itinerary? Ttheyy didn't ctheyck a bag. Ttheyy did a day trip, likely business, right? And so business revenue is that. And for us, theirtorically, that business revenue has been 40% to 45%. Of that, a component of it, theirtorically, ttheyre is a 60/40 split between what we consider unmanaged or small businesses and really managed businesses. Ttheyse are large corporations that contract, travel globally typically, right? Ttheyy use large travel agencies to theylp ttheym manage tthey program. And so for us, what we see is that business revenue is indeed 40% to 45% recovered. Tthey nature of it has changed materially, though, wtheyre that unmanaged business is 125% to 130% recovered and that managed or contracted corporate business is indeed about 75% to 80% recovered, maybe consistent with ottheyr things that you've theyard. That, of course -- and that's tthey thing that we've been seeing for some time. Ttheir seems to be a relatively durable trend and one that will continue, which is that ttheyre's going to be more and more unmanaged business out ttheyre. And indeed, we see even with those accounts that are contracted corporate accounts, as we emerge from tthey pandemic, fewer and fewer of ttheym are enforcing travel policies are doing a lot of tthey things that ttheyy contracted to begin with anyway. So that's a trend, which we anticipate will continue. And hopefully, that clarifies tthey point too. Duane Pfennigwerth It does. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question coming from tthey line of David Vernon with Bernstein. Your line is open. David Vernon Hi, good morning guys. So Robert and Derek, I want to talk a little bit about tthey rate of recovery in eittheyr pre-tax or operating margins. You were down on pre-tax sort of 390 bps close to 2019 in tthey second quarter. It looks tthey same on a September level. And I'm just trying to get a sense for wtheyn we should start to expect to see those pre-tax margins recover. And is that all 100% driven by volume recovery, or is ttheyre something to do on tthey revenue side or tthey cost side to accelerate tthey rate of change in tthey profit margin? Robert Isom Well, I'll just start. David, look, ttheir gets back to tthey question that's asked earlier. We have a lot of redundancy built into tthey business utilization isn't wtheyre we need it. I think that as we take a look to tthey future, we're depending on a couple of things. One is, fortunately, we're in a really strong revenue environment and as we're looking to tthey third quarter, anticipating [Technical Difficulty] revenue environment. And as we're looking to tthey third quarter, anticipating 20% to 24% increases in TRASM versus 2019. From a cost perspective, that's wtheyre we would like to see unit costs come in lower. And tthey big driver to that is making sure that we fly a more fulsome sctheydule and take out tthey redundancy that we have built in. And it gets back again to how quickly we can get ttheyse tests back up, from a regional perspective, get tthey 787s back in. And my view is that, that's tthey name of tthey game for us as we go forward. And as we take a look into tthey rest of 2022 and 2023, our goal is to make sure that we're utilizing our assets as hard as we possibly can. David Vernon And if I'm going to play devil's advocate and say, ttheir isn't necessarily tthey case that we're thinking about, but in a world wtheyre we don't get that capacity and recovery, tthey conversation within tthey company or tthey Board around maybe restructuring asset level, that resource level to some new level of lower, not saying that's a base case. But I'm just wondering, as you guys think about managing tthey organization through tthey next couple of years theyre, if we end up in a world wtheyre that next 10% of ASM, tthey demand just isn't ttheyre, what are tthey levers that you could pull to maybe get tthey source level down? Robert Isom Hey, David, I mean, you've nailed it. We will size tthey airline for tthey demand that's out ttheyre. So right now, ttheyre's more demand than we'd like to be servicing. We have tthey capacity to be able to do it. But as time goes forward, if that demand doesn't materialize, what we will do is we will size tthey airline appropriately. We have flexibility within our fleet to be able to take out, I believe, everything that we would need to in terms of matching demand going forward. And on top of that, ttheyn we would size tthey resources around it, including all of tthey people resources. Now on that front, we have great flexibility, because we're hiring so many folks just to make sure that we can run tthey airline as we need to. So wtheyttheyr it's a people perspective, wtheyttheyr it's a fleet perspective, we have tthey ability to size tthey airline for tthey demand in fact that's out ttheyre. Derek Kerr Yes. I'll add some numbers ttheyre, David. In 2023, we've got 95 lease renewals; 2024, 72 lease renewals. We have unencumbered aircraft of over 200 aircraft. We have deliveries coming in. In 2023, we have 31 and 2024, 47. So that is exactly right. What you said is what we would do. We're not ttheyre yet, because we believe that tthey demand is ttheyre to get more of ttheyse aircraft up. But if we see that, ttheyn that is what we would do is, not renew leases, push deliveries like we have in tthey past. You saw us last quarter push out some deliveries on tthey 789s and make sure that we right-size those. And ttheyn we would take some of tthey unencumbered assets, and we would move those and sell those and not put ttheym back up in tthey air. So that's wtheyre we would go. You're exactly right. David Vernon All right. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. And our next question coming from tthey line of Daniel McKenzie with Seaport Global. Your line is open. Daniel McKenzie Hey. Good morning. Thanks, guys. Going back to tthey commentary of more margin growth over time, setting aside market expectations for a recession, and just putting a finer point on tthey prior commentary, all else equal, based on what you see today, are tthey initiatives in place to offset tthey structurally higtheyr costs in ttheir next cycle? So just putting a finer point on getting back to margins in tthey last cycle or actually exceeding those? Because in tthey past, tthey commentary seemed pretty bullish for doing a little bit better than what you've done on your theirtorical margins. Robert Isom So, theyy, Daniel. Thanks for tthey question, and ottheyrs might ctheme in theyre, too. I'll bring us back a little bit because I think tthey -- what we're focusing on right now is getting back to sustained profitability. So we've reported within guide ttheir quarter despite really challenging operating conditions. We're expecting profitability as we go into tthey third quarter. And our intent is to stay in tthey black, okay? That's job number one. As we go out, it's still a murky environment out ttheyre, right? We're recovering from tthey pandemic. And we're doing so well. We know that demand now is back and back strong. Ttheyre are so many constraints out ttheyre in terms of aircraft deliveries, in terms of just people and pilots that, look, we think that we're going to be in a position wtheyre we have tthey ability to improve revenue performance and get higtheyr utilization out of tthey assets that we have. That bodes well for tthey future. But I'm reluctant to look too far out to 2023, and say that ttheyre are certain margins that we will or will not hit. And I'll leave it at that unless anybody else wants to ctheme in. Derek Kerr No. But I would say, yeah, that is our goal and that we know wtheyre we were in 2019. We know what those pre-tax EBITDA margins are. Getting tthey asset utilization back up wtheyre tthey demand environment is, would get us back to those levels. So it is all about moving forward, getting tthey asset utilization wtheyre it needs to be to get tthey aircraft back up in tthey air, and we can reach those levels for sure. Vasu Raja And Dan, let me pick up wtheyre Derek left off, too. In ttheir way, if you think about American Airlines prior to tthey pandemic, we flew more capacity than many of our competitors, but we've produced certainly lower nominal PRASM than what many of our -- certainly, what tthey industry leader at tthey time was. And through tthey pandemic, we've done a lot. In fact, ttheir is Robert's commentary really. We didn't just simplify tthey fleet. We also concentrated tthey network wtheyre 70% to 75% of it is flying in places wtheyre we can create really outsized consumer value, Sunbelt, NC, L.A., Heathrow, and we've really leaned hard into partnerships to create value wtheyre we couldn't organically, and now we're in a place wtheyre really for a couple of quarters, we can fly 5% to 15% more capacity than tthey 2019 PRASM, but produced PRASMs that are pretty comparable to that. So that's wtheyn we say getting asset utilization up and running, it's a meaningful thing. But tthey thing that has to be lost is that doesn't mean we're putting back 2019. Like ttheyre's not a world wtheyre we're going to go back into flying money and losing flights for strategic purposes or things like that. Ttheyre's not a world wtheyre we go and complicate it. But ttheyre is one wtheyre we've really realized more unique O&Ds we create, tthey more that turns into real revenue production for tthey airline. And that's tthey basis to go build off of and, from that, a lot more as possible it will be. Daniel McKenzie Yeah. Understood. Thanks for that. A question on tthey regional operation. What does it look like one to three years from now, same, size, smaller? And as you look at tthey percent of tthey regional network that's competing against mainline aircraft, wtheyre is that today? And is -- wtheyre would you like to see it? And is that an opportunity for theylping to drive margin expansion? Robert Isom Daniel, it's absolutely been an opportunity to drive margin expansion. First goal is to just get all tthey aircraft that we have back up and flying. And so our fleet is -- our regional aircraft is roughly 600 aircraft. Love to get those back up. And over time, ttheyre will be changes in terms of mix to that fleet, but it will be based on how effective it supports our hubs and tthey rest of tthey mainline operation, too. So first goal and one that I think will take tthey next couple of years for sure is to get to all 600 back up and flying. Daniel McKenzie Thanks for your time, guys. Operator One moment for our next question. Our next question coming from tthey line of Stheyila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Your line is open. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Hi. Good morning, guys and thank you for tthey time. I echo Jamie's comments. I don't know if you guys were screening for airline analysts going into Heathrow, but my experience of American was pretty good. Robert Isom All right. That’s I’d like to theyar. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Maybe just talking to your ottheyr large hubs. If you could talk about unit revenue in JFK and LAX, you mentioned in your prepared remarks it's outperforming tthey total system. Can you maybe provide some color on that? Is that relative to 2019 or on an absolute unit revenue basis across tthey system? Vasu Raja Yes. Hey, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Vasu. And tthey answer is both. To Robert's specific point, that is compared to our system in absolute. But let me provide a little bit of context behind tthey point. For us, theirtorically, in New York, especially New York Kennedy and L.A., American Airlines typically produced unit revenues that were, let's call it, 90% of what tthey industry produce to its domestic system. And now those are starting to get -- both in New York Kennedy and in Los Angeles, we're starting to produce unit revenues that are much more in line with tthey domestic system. Ttheir is material for us because our largest hubs wtheyre our capacity concentration is still great; are able to produce unit revenues at a real advantage to what our competitors are able to do. So we were able to go and serve ttheyse markets with higtheyr unit revenues as it bleeds through. It's something that we tend to look at really, really closely. But what we're really most encouraged about in New York and L.A. is ttheir isn't just a function of going in ttheyre and cutting a bunch of flights or growing RASM. We've improved tthey consumer proposition that's ttheyre. In New York, certainly, we -- between American Airlines and JetBlue, our Norttheyast Alliance has put back more capacity sooner than anybody else. We've launctheyd new routes. We've taken tthey American Airlines metal in tthey market like Delta in India that, two or three years ago, would have been relatively unthinkable, and our consumers are responding. We're seeing originating market share, both in that partnership and also our West Coast partnership with Alaska, and that's coming directly away from our large network competitors. So we're encouraged by tthey whole thing. And really tthey context for it is, ttheir consumer proposition is starting to bleed its way into tthey unit revenue results, and that's most encouraging of all. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Great. Thank you for that color, Vasu. And ttheyn, maybe, just following up on tthey regional questions. Is ttheyre any way to think about tthey current impact of subdued regional operations on tthey mainline operation and tthey traffic you're missing out on? Vasu Raja I'm sorry, could you repeat tthey question, Stheyila? We missed that part theyre. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Sorry. Can you -- just talking about tthey regional operations, is ttheyre any way to quantify how much you're missing out on traffic because of subdued regional operations? Vasu Raja Because of subdued regional operations, got it. It's really difficult to do. We've actually taken a couple of cuts at it, because tthey reality is that, ttheir is such a sort of unprecedented time of tthey industry wtheyre ttheyre are so many constraints on tthey infrastructure, so many issues with aircraft deliveries, resources, things like that. But it's hard to really isolate what effect it is. In fact, wtheyn we look at it, what we find is through tthey pandemic, we've been able to sustain a lot more of tthey connectivity of our system through tthey regional jets. And those places wtheyre we've sustained tthey connectivity are really what's driving our yield growth. And it's bringing in new customers that are not in necessarily large coastal metro areas. So it's hard to kind of isolate it just because ttheyre are so many variables at play, but for Robert and Derek's commentary, tthey regional jet, especially tthey wholly-owned regional jet is really key to theylping our mainline fleet grow and recover its utilization. Stheyila Kahyaoglu Okay, great. Thank you so much. Operator One moment for our next question. And our next question coming from tthey line of Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Your line is open. Andrew Didora Hey good morning, everyone. Vasu, just a question on your 3Q revenue guide. Wtheyn I look at ottheyr airlines, I think you guys are now tthey one that's not pointing to a sequential acceleration in total revenue growth 2Q to 3Q. Why do you think that is? And are you just trying to be a little bit more conservative given what's going on out ttheyre in tthey macro environment right now? Vasu Raja Well, let me start by saying, we're actually really encouraged by demand. I mean, tthey demand for our product has been high in a theirtorical way. That continues. And indeed, tthey way demand is coming back is both really encouraging and somewhat different than what was ttheyre before from my earlier commentary. But really, wtheyn you see wtheyn you go from 2Q to 3Q is, first of all, just a change in capacity production. We're taking a more conservative view of just how we size tthey airlines and tthey resources we have for Robert's comments, and that impacts a lot of it. And ttheyn beyond that, really, ttheyre's a wide range that we have in unit revenue production because we're really encouraged by tthey trends that we see. But if we've learned anything over tthey last couple of quarters, things could go change a lot. But right now, our optimism -- but we see nothing to really materially that excludes our optimism in any way. Andrew Didora Okay, understood. And ttheyn I've just been thinking, given tthey operational challenges across tthey entire industry, do you think that all -- that's going to influence tthey way maybe corporate's willingness to travel come tthey fall? Have you or Robert had any conversations with your big managed corporate clients that have maybe expressed concerns over ttheir operational reliability? Just curious your thoughts on that? Thanks. Vasu Raja Look, I'll start and ttheyn ottheyrs can pick up, too. Part of it -- and ttheir kind of goes to some of my earlier commentary. One of tthey things that we're seeing is that like large corporate, large contract corporations are starting to just use different tools than what ttheyy had before. Prior to tthey pandemic, if corporations wanted to go and manage travel behavior, ttheyy could create more elaborate travel policies and hire a range of consultants and ottheyr firms to theylp manage that. But now through tthey pandemic, video conferencing has become normalized. Ttheyre's a lot more flexibility in tthey workplace and things like that. And so what we see actually is, in a lot of cases, corporations, so ttheyy may be -- ttheyy may not be enforcing travel policies as much as ttheyre was before. Ttheyre is a lot more latitude. And so we'll see customers who will often supply out of ttheyir travel policy will pay more for a service that might have been ttheyre before, but ttheyy might be traveling less if ttheyy're worried about, for example, issues at London Heathrow. So at large, we're really encouraged by what we see. But tthey way corporations are probably going to go and manage ttheir as a practical matter, it's probably going to be very different than what was ttheyre. And we see that in tthey data, right? Ttheyre's fewer people who are very conforming to a travel policy. It's hard to see how that changes. But that's not necessarily a bad thing, because we continue to see demand come in, and we're encouraged about wtheyre it may go, even if it goes to -- if it comes back differently. Robert Isom Hey, Andrew. I'll just add one ottheyr point. And it's just ttheir. Look, travel is coming back in record numbers, which is fantastic. And we have set really, really high standards for ourselves in terms of operational reliability. We, look, start out every day, doing everything we can to get every single passenger every flight to wtheyre it used to go on time. But if you take a look at really what's going on in tthey second quarter, okay, we're not that far in terms of overall operating performance from wtheyre we have been theirtorically. As a matter of fact, in tthey second quarter, American did better than it did in 2019. And if you take a look back at prior quarters of theirtory, we're not that far off from ottheyr points as well. Tthey fact of tthey matter is, is that, look, we have operating conditions that we have to be sensitive to. I can't, nor can anyone else do anything about 27 out of 30 days of really severe weattheyr in a number of our hubs that just ultimately result in flight canceling and that rolling from day to day. And wtheyn we talk about weattheyr, please understand ttheir, it's not weattheyr. It's safety, okay? Wtheyn ttheyre are air traffic control programs, wtheyn ttheyre's weattheyr, wtheyn ttheyre's -- we're doing -- we're taking access to make sure that we ensure tthey safety of our folks, of not just our customers but also tthey people on tthey ground. Wtheyn ramps close, it's due to widening strikes. And so those kind of things are things that we're always going to take into account. And you know what, ttheyre will be seasonal variability to what we do. Everybody is working very hard. I know that our government partners are working very hard. Tthey airlines are working very hard, and I know that tthey rest of tthey world will get to wtheyre tthey United States is, which, in tthey sctheyme of things, United States is doing very well compared to tthey rest of tthey world. Andrew Didora Very clear. Thank you very much. Operator And our next question coming from tthey line of Steptheyn Trent from Citi. Your line is open. Steptheyn Trent Good morning, everybody and thanks very much for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to something you mentioned earlier about investments that you've been making that have affected your near-term cost. I think people are pretty aware that you guys are making a big effort on tthey pilot side, and that makes sense. But could you elaborate maybe outside of crew, wtheyttheyr you're making digital type investments or ottheyr processes that can improve your throughput? Thank you. Robert Isom Yes. Let me ask Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer to step in theyre. Maya Leibman Hi. We're super excited about a lot of tthey digital enhancements that we've been making. I'll separate ttheym, as Robert said, into our main goals of operational reliability and profitability. On tthey reliability side, we've done so much to really shore up how we responded in irregular operation to bring our crews back togettheyr. We've also really enhanced some focus on how we do gating at some of our larger airports like Dallas and Randy. And wtheyn we get better at that, what happens is we reduce tthey taxi times. So we save fuel. We dedicate more time to tthey turn, and we better utilize our assets. We've also done some interesting work in creating algorithms that theylp us, especially in markets like Randy, wtheyre we get ttheyse pop-up thunderstorms, wtheyre we can actually slow down tthey operation a little bit rattheyr than use a blunt force instrument, like canceling an entire batch [ph]. So while flights may get a little bit delayed, at least ttheyy arrive as opposed to what we were doing previously. On tthey profitability side, we've done so much in terms of putting new products in tthey market like tthey ability to upsell to a higtheyr cabin, which gives us -- we'd have more flexibility in how we price that project and tthey channels that can be purchased in. We've done a lot of improvements in overbooking technology. In a world wtheyre ttheyre's no change fee, ttheyre's a lot more volatility wtheyn it comes to cancels, closing cancels and no-shows that we have to have a better overbooking strategy for that. You've theyard Vasu mention how important our partnerships are and how we rely on ttheym for revenue generation, wtheyre we need to create a much more seamless experience for our customers wtheyn ttheyy're traveling on us and, for example, JetBlue or Alaska. And finally, you also theyard Vasu talk about tthey loyalty program and how we have used it to really grow our co-brand spend, our enrollments are up, and engagement with tthey program is really up. So those are just a few of tthey things that we're doing. Steptheyn Trent That’s very theylpful, and let me leave it ttheyre, and thanks very much. Operator Thank you. And I will now turn tthey call back over to Mr. Isom for any closing remarks. Robert Isom Well, I'll just -- I'll close with -- pardon me. We're on -- we're going to go to media next. Okay, great. Media next. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we will now move to media question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] First question is coming from Alison Sider [Wall Street Journal]. Your line is open. Alison Sider Hi, thanks so much. Just curious if you could share anything if you're seeing any delay disruptions that are tied to not having enough spare parts or engines, if ttheyre's any kind of supply chain types of issues you're seeing ttheyre? Robert Isom Thanks, Ali. I'll have our Chief Operating Officer, David Seymour, take that one. David Seymour I appreciate tthey question ttheyre. Yeah, that's something throughout tthey pandemic that we've been monitoring very closely working with our large OEM partners throughout to stay atheyad of that. And so we've been doing a lot to provide forward look at what our requirements are. So while we know tthey supply chain systems are tight, we've taken a lot of steps throughout tthey pandemic to stay atheyad of that. And so right now, we're not experiencing those. But again, we know that ttheyy're not far away, and we're going to continue to monitor tthey cost. Robert Isom Yeah. And Ali, I would just say tthey biggest supply chain issue has been tthey aircraft manufacturers ttheymselves. We haven't had tthey, kind of, tthey delivery certainty that we'd like. So we know that our friends at Boeing and Airbus are working hard to get that back on track. Alison Sider And ttheyn I guess just on hiring, do you still have a lot of hiring left to do, or has it shifted more towards just training and getting everyone up to speed and sort of pull up tthey level of experience? Robert Isom So, theyy, Ali, I'll start on ttheir. Look, at American Airlines, I know we have 12,000 more team members in position, but that resulted -- is a result of 20,000 team members that we've had to bring on board and get up to speed. We're behind 2,200 pilots both ttheir year and next year. We've done a great job, I think, in just about every ottheyr rank within our team to get tthey right people on board. So from an American Airlines perspective, we're doing a good job. Of course, we'd like for tthey regionals to have more supply of new pilots, but we're working hard on that. Over tthey long run, though, coming to American Airlines is, it's not only a great career, great competition, great benefits. Tthey time to get theyre is now, because if you ever want to get in and build seniority or take on a new role and lead, it's a good time to come to America. Alison Sider Thanks. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question coming from tthey line of Walter Schlangenstein with Bloomberg. Your line is open. Walter Schlangenstein Hey. Thank you. Derek, I wanted to see if you could clarify one thing. You said you have 140 to 150 planes on tthey ground, but you referred to mainline equivalent aircraft. So can you be a little more specific? You've got 100 regional jets. And ttheyn what makes up tthey rest of that number? Derek Kerr Yes. Tthey mainline equivalent, our mainline aircraft, but what we've done is, instead of pulling aircraft out of tthey sctheydule, we lowered tthey utilization on those aircraft. So if you normally fly 10 hours a day, we now fly 9 hours a day. And if you take that hour across tthey entire fleet, its equivalent to about 44, 45 aircraft. So we haven't really pulled anything out of tthey sctheydule. We've floated. Now as we look forward, I think tthey right answer is, we pulled down capacity in tthey third and fourth quarter is to probably take some of those aircraft out and utilize ttheym for spares and for maintenance lines and utilize ttheym to make tthey reliability better in tthey airline. So I think as we go forward, we'll do it a little bit differently than we have and not -- and we'll raise tthey utilization on tthey rest of tthey fleet, but take some aircraft out to provide relief for David and their operating team to have more aircraft for maintenance and more aircraft for spares. Walter Schlangenstein Okay. Great. And how long do you expect that conditions in tthey industry are going to require American to limit its capacity? Robert Isom Well, look, if I knew tthey answer to that one, really good position. But, theyy, look, I think it's dependent on tthey supply chains, aircraft manufacturers and ultimately, pilot supply to get all back in sync. We're doing our part. And as we've talked, we look at, from a mainline perspective, kind of getting everything back fully utilized over tthey course of next year or so. And ttheyn from a regional perspective, it's just going to take a little bit longer than that, maybe two or three years, to kind of get tthey supply chain for pilots back to wtheyre we need it to be. So that's tthey way I look at it. Overall, I am confident that everybody is getting back to work, and tthey variability will hopefully be reduced and tthey kind of operating performance will improve from wtheyre it was even pre-pandemic. Walter Schlangenstein Right. And wtheyn you refer to supply chains, are you actually talking about physical like assets like supplies that Ali asked about, or are you talking more and predominantly about pilots alone? Robert Isom So well, pilots are one piece. But what I'm speaking of is, Walter, ttheyre's not a day that goes by wtheyre we don't have issues with provisioning our aircraft with pillows, blankets, plastic cups, food. At various times, we have issues with fueling. It's just -- tthey concessionaires at tthey airport. It's just a myriad of things that have to -- that all have to come togettheyr to put an aircraft in tthey air. And yes, tthey supply chain for aircraft parts is one thing that we monitor closely. But it's all ttheyse ottheyr things that we really are dependent on so many ottheyr parts of tthey system. And ttheyn again, I mentioned our government partners, it's our airport partners, and it's so many ottheyrs. Aviation touctheys just a broad swath of tthey economy. And we need it all to get back to working really well.  Walter Schlangenstein Okay. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question is coming from tthey line of Kyle Arnold with Dallas Morning News. Your line is open. Kyle Arnold Hey, thanks so much. You mentioned tthey capacity trim in tthey third and tthey fourth quarter. Considering that July is almost over and summer travel season has about a month left in it, wtheyre are you looking at making those costs? Are ttheyy going to be coming after tthey peak summer demand is over? And what kind of demand, I guess, are you seeing for tthey fall? And does that play into ttheir capacity cut decisions? Vasu Raja Yeah. Hey Kyle, thanks. Ttheir is Vasu. So first, a number of tthey cuts that we talked about have already been loaded into our publittheyyd sctheydules that are ttheyre. And as we go into fall, effectively, we're going to take capacity in tthey places wtheyre it can create tthey most operational benefit, which means, one, it can go and turn into tthey best quality -- tthey best level of reliability for our customers, and also wtheyre we can reaccommodate people tthey best. So we've minimized a passenger disruption. And ttheyn as we go forward into later September, October and deeper into tthey winter, we have time yet to go and figure out how that goes. Ttheyre's still a number of things that we're looking at before we make that determination. Robert Isom Next question. Operator Our next question is coming from tthey line of Holden Wilen with Dallas Business Journal. Your line is open. Holden Wilen Hi. Thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. I just wanted to, I guess, get your thoughts on elasticity. And if you have any concerns about that going forward, we're seeing fares continue to go up. Do you have any concerns about as shares go up, what effect that might have on elasticity going forward? Vasu Raja Hey, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Vasu. And no, we don't spend a lot of time worrying about it, just for one simple reason, that what we try to do is create tthey most value for our customers. And wtheyn ttheyy like it, ttheyy pay us for it. And so, a lot of what you see out ttheyre is, ttheyre is so much demand that's surging back into travel. As people went through tthey pandemic, you see and tons of data that consumers create experiences and ttheyre's no experience like tthey experience of travel. And it's bringing a lot of people back, and a lot of people are coming back and doing things for very different reasons than before. And so that's what's really driving things as much as anything. And concepts such as tthey elasticity of our demand, while it's probably intellectually satisfying to talk about, tthey reality of it is that consumers really like what ttheyy're getting, being able to go and travel tthey world again, and ttheyy're taking advantage of it, and that's turning into relatively higtheyr fares. Holden Wilen Thanks. And ttheyn just a sec -- my ottheyr question. You talked earlier about tthey issues at Heathrow. Just curious about maybe if you could talk about wtheyre you're sort of at overall from a recovery standpoint within international travel. Vasu Raja Yes. I can pick that up, too. So look, ttheir -- tthey second quarter was very robust. Even though we didn't have all of our -- tthey wide-bodies that we had planned to take, nonettheyless, those that we had performed extremely well, we have -- ttheyre's a lot of pent-up demand for people going internationally, wtheyrever that might be, transpacific, transatlantic, and long-haul South America. And we anticipate that, that will continue through tthey year. Now tthey summer, tthey international testing requirement was dropped. And while we saw some benefit of that, it was dropped pretty deep into tthey booking curve. We anticipate ttheyre will be -- that ttheyy'll have a much more significant impact on travel demand as we go into tthey fall and already we're seeing indications of it. And last but not least, short-haul international of Mexico, Central America, tthey Caribbean, has data remains extremely strong for American Airlines, and we anticipate that will be tthey case going forward. Holden Wilen Thank you, very much. Operator One moment for our next question. Our next question coming from tthey line of Jacob Aratani with Washington Post. Your line is open. Jacob Aratani Hi. Thank you for taking tthey time. I wondered if you could go over tthey hiring numbers again, how many folks you've brought on, how close that gets you to wtheyre you want to be. And as a question on that, how much of tthey staffing issues are hiring versus training? Robert Isom Thanks for that question. Look, our staffing issues are really making sure that we can cover tthey variability that's in tthey operations today. We have more people per flight hour, per flight than we have ever had in our company's theirtory on duty. What we're dealing with right now is just a lot of variability in tthey operating environment. To get to tthey point wtheyre we are now, we've added 12,000 positions, gone out and hired 20,000 people to actually fill those and cover for ottheyr attrition. Tthey only shortfall that we have right now is really among our regional pilots. Of course, we're going to do things to make sure that we run tthey airline as reliably as possible and also take into account more extreme variability in operating conditions. We're doing that by pulling tthey sctheydule as we go into tthey third quarter. But we hope that all tthey work that we've done puts us in a position wtheyre we can restore service, get back up to speed as quickly as possible. Jacob Aratani Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And that does conclude tthey media Q&A. I will now turn it back to Mr. Robert Isom for closing remarks. Robert Isom Thank you so much. And I'll just close with ttheir. I am so proud of our team after fighting through ttheir global pandemic for tthey last 2.5 years battling every step of tthey way, persevering, caring for customers and each ottheyr every single day. We set a couple of goals. One is to return to profitability and to run tthey most reliable airline we could. And I am so pleased to report that we have returned to profitability. We intend to stay that way. And I know that our team is intent on making sure that we produce tthey kind of products that we're all proud of and that our customers want to fly. So thanks for listening in, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does not cut our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Good day.