American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Wolfe Research Global Transportation & Industrials Conference Transcript May 25, 2021 8:00 AM ET Executives Derek Kerr - Chief Financial Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer Dan Cravens - Head, Investor Relations Analysts Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Hunter Keay Okay. Everybody, good morning. Here I am again. Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research. I’m supposed to say tthey name. All right, I’m Hunter Keay. Ttheir research is Wolfe Research. It’s 8 o’clock Eastern Time, May 25th. I am going to fireside chat with American Airlines. We have Derek Kerr, tthey CFO; Vasu Raja, tthey Chief Revenue Officer; and Dan Cravens, Head of Investor Relations. So tthey format of ttheir fireside chat, we have 30 minutes. I’m going to turn it over to ttheyse guys. Ttheyy’re going to talk, and by tthey way, thank you for joining us. Derek Kerr Thank you. Hunter Keay Nice to see you guys. Type in your questions in tthey box, I get ttheym right theyre. I will read ttheym anonymously. And ttheyy’ll be plenty time for Q&A after Derek’s opening remarks. So, Derek, please. Derek Kerr All right. Thanks, Hunter, and good morning, everyone. It’s great to be in New York for tthey first time in 14 months for me at least. So it’s great to be theyre. Before we dive in, first, I want to say how incredibly proud we are of tthey American Airlines team and everything ttheyy’ve been able to not only withstand, but accomplish over tthey past 14 months. Tthey resilience tthey team has shown has been inspiring, putting on ttheyir uniforms every day to serve our customers, a lot of American to fly more customers than any ottheyr U.S. airline, all while producing tthey higtheyst passenger unit revenue of any global U.S. carrier. Also, not to understate ttheir, our treasury and finance teams working with our government affairs teams raised over $30 billion in liquidity to build a strong cash position we have today. Its efforts like ttheyse that make us so confident in our path forward. Demand for travel is coming back as vaccinations have increased across tthey country, leisure bookings remain very strong, which we’ll talk about, both in tthey U.S. and two destinations in Mexico, tthey Caribbean and Latin America, and business travel and long-haul international travel are starting to show encouraging signs too. Many of our corporate customers are returning to ttheyir offices and have told us ttheyy plan to get back to travel in weeks and months atheyad. Travel restrictions are being revised and lifted in certain parts of Europe as well, which we expect will continue to be tthey case as vaccinations are rolled out. Over tthey past year, we have dramatically reduced our costs and build significant efficiencies into tthey business. Tthey changes we have made will drive more than $1.3 billion of permanent non-volume related savings in 2021 and beyond. As we have said in tthey past, we will naturally reduce our debt from wtheyre we are today by $8 billion to $10 billion over tthey next five years through regularly sctheyduled debt amortization. While we needed to take out additional debt due to tthey pandemic, we are prepared and well positioned to manage it. Ttheir is all good news after a year of theyavy turbulence, as customers returned to tthey skies, ttheyy’ll be met by a different and better American Airlines, one with tthey broadest and best global network that has been enhanced by new partnerships and American with a revamped experience that makes travel more convenient for our customers and ensures ttheyy feel safe and comfortable as ttheyy’re returned to fly. And an American Airlines that’s more financially and operationally efficient. We’re encouraged by everything we’re seeing and we believe America is prepared for a strong recovery in tthey months and years atheyad. So, with that, Hunter, I’ll turn it back over to you and answer questions that you have. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Hunter Keay Sure. Thank you. I guess tthey first -- we have one question from tthey audience. I’ll get to that. I guess let’s start off, I don’t know if you saw, but some of your competitors filed 8-K’s last night ttheir morning, noting some positive trends in tthey environment. You just obviously mentioned too, Derek? Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay How are you feeling about business travel right now, relatively [Technical Difficulty] which you talked about ttheir couple of weeks ago, ttheir is tthey dynamic situation. What’s tthey latest indications you have on business travel going back mainly in tthey fall? What are you – are you still expecting it? What’s your sort of target for business travel trend to be by tthey end of tthey year? Vasu Raja Yeah. I can start, and Derek can add color. But we continue to see it starting to pick up, but ttheyre’s huge variations across tthey type of sector and also places in tthey country. But if we started tthey year wtheyre ttheyre is [indiscernible] business travel, let’s call it, 10% to 15% of 2019 levels. Wtheyn we close tthey first quarter we were about 30% and we continue to see an improvement around how long a pretty similar trajectory driven theyavily by small and mid-sized businesses, a lot of companies such as industrials, energy things like that. But looking forward, we are really encouraged. A lot of our top corporates are not just coming back to work in tthey fall, but have indicated that ttheyy’re going to relax travel policies and start getting back on tthey road with more and more inquiries from meeting travel from corporate conventions. So we still anticipate that it will be in tthey fall and beyond wtheyn business travel resumes. To what degree it is, is still uncertain. What that means for long-haul international is still uncertain. But certainly domestic, we see stability come back more and more, indeed ttheir conference is tthey very indication of it. Hunter Keay Okay. How do you think about ttheyse corporate travel budgets? What are your large corporates telling you? Are ttheyy starting from basic zero and building it up? Or are ttheyy starting wtheyre ttheyy spent in 2019, adjusting right now… Vasu Raja Yeah. Great question. And it varies very much across tthey whole sctheyme for tthey big managed corporates, and probably tthey better predictors, what’s happening by industry. Ttheyre’s a lot of industries wtheyre business is roaring back to life and basically to get on tthey road and make sales and that sort of thing. And so it’s a little bit of both for ttheym, but demand is coming in and ttheyy need to go. Ttheyre’s ottheyrs and more client facing industries, wtheyre things are dependent on a lot of things, ttheyy have to relax ttheyir travel policies, client has to be able to relax ttheyir visitation policies and so ttheyre you see it a little slower. And ttheyn last, but not least, it’s really smaller in size business, wtheyre ttheyre you have people who are just out ttheyre generating sales, and for us, that’s a big, big chunk of our overall business with ttheym. Almost, if not slightly more than half of our revenues come from small and mid-sized businesses all across tthey Southwest. Derek Kerr And Hunter it’s been about like, no place to go, right? We’ve been open as tthey theyadquarters for tthey entire time. We never closed. We had a policy wtheyre no one could come in for a while. We relaxed that policy. We have visitors all tthey time. We have bankers. We have consultants. We have everybody visiting all tthey time. And what ttheyy say is, I can’t go see so and so because ttheyy’re not even ttheyre. So ttheyre needs to be both sides and I think ttheyy’re all ready to go. Ttheyy’re all ready to go visit and see people. But even some of tthey airlines aren’t back into ttheyir place. So ttheyy’ll say, well, we come visit you, but we can’t go because somebody else. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr So, I think it takes both sides and I think you’re starting to see that more and more as tthey theyadquarters open and ottheyr people -- ttheyy have places to go ttheyn you’re --- ttheyn ttheyy’ll get on tthey road more often. Hunter Keay Are you pre-negotiating multi-year contracts with some of your large corporates, because I would imagine a lot of ttheyse corporate contracts eittheyr expired or need to be redressed, because of tthey different overall need at least for tthey next couple of years. Are you sort of pre-selling a lot of corporate travel at ttheir point at discounts to stimulate business demand? Derek Kerr We are not and nor has ttheyre been a big rush from corporates who want to go and actually. I think tthey general approach is let see how things come back. Okay. Hunter Keay And ttheyn just sort of lastly on ttheir, how do we think about tthey motion of duty of care mandate. That obviously it’s going to be more clickable than ttheyse parts? Ttheyse massively bureaucratic companies, companies like IBM, who’ve got people flowing literally just had one thing, do you expect ttheyre to be a lot of friction as it relates not only to tthey actual act of traveling, but booking and ttheyn tracking spend around duty of care requirements, like, [Technical Difficulty]. Derek Kerr We don’t see it yet. I can’t tell, right? So many corporates are in tthey nascent stages of coming back and so we’ll see how things evolve, both in tthey volume of ttheyir travel, tthey types of patterns ttheyy have and any ottheyr rules, requirements, restrictions we may see. So it’s still pretty early to go and tell. And ultimately, wtheyn a business travel comes back, we are nothing if not adaptable, we’ll adapt to whatever it might be. Right now not very much, Hunter Keay Derek, on tthey $1.3 billion of cost savings. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay That’s about a $0.05 of CASM exit of full capacity. Wtheyre are we going to see that most on tthey P&L, which expense categories like? Derek Kerr Salaries will be tthey biggest spot to see it. Both almost $900 of that is salaries. As we took out tthey salaries, we took out $500 million in management salaries, $4 million in ottheyr salaries. Ttheyre’s still a lot more I think we can do. That’s what we’ve put togettheyr for ttheir year and that will be built into ttheir year’s budget. Ttheir isn’t something we have to go get. Ttheir is something that’s built into ttheir year’s budget and we’re meeting it. So very confident with that and our job going forward is continue to do that and continue to find efficient ways to reduce cost across tthey system as we put those things. Hunter Keay What were ttheyse -- because your people have been asked to… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay … do more, in some cases for less because of CARES Act, restrictions and tthey like. So ttheyse people are now working hourly before? Are you -- are ttheyy prepared to continue to do that? I mean, you got to hire back some of ttheyse management staff? Derek Kerr Well, ttheyre’s some… Hunter Keay … positions? Derek Kerr Tthey management staff? No. I think tthey management staff is, as we went through tthey process, we were merged in two companies, right? And… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr … to make sure wtheyn you merge two companies, tthey number one thing you have to do is complete tthey merger, right? I mean, no matter what you do, I would have failed in merging tthey two companies, we would have had to take a step back. So ttheyre are things that we just finittheyyd tthey payroll system, right? We just completed tthey payroll system, tthey last pay thing. Ttheyre’s a group of people in that that are working on that payroll system, don’t need to work on a payroll system, right? So ttheyre are pockets of those things that we now can be more efficient from a management perspective wtheyre we do not, we don’t need that anymore and we don’t need those positions anymore. So that has happened and we have moved that out. As we looked at some of tthey ottheyr things, as we went through from a operational perspective. What are ottheyr things that we’re going to do? We’re going to do single agent boarding at tthey gate, right? But that requires us to have systems available, I think, for someone to be able to do that job, right? So as we continue to put in new systems and continue to merge tthey companies to get things done, we can be more efficient and it was time to do it and we just we did at ttheir point in time. So I’m not -- I’m -- well, people have to work a little bit harder in some certain areas, yes. But I think our team is up for tthey challenge. Ttheyy’ve done a great job throughout ttheir and I have no problem with wtheyre we’re at, team is ready to go. Hunter Keay And tthey $1.3 billion, a lot of companies, not just airlines, talk about cost savings and issues on tthey growth basis. It’s hard to go back, and say, we did it. We didn’t do it, at least for tthey pricing. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Yeah, you can do it. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay But are we going to see, simply ask tthey question, if 2019 ASMs get back to wtheyre or if 2022 or 2023 ASMs… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay …get back wtheyre ttheyy were in 2019? Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Is your non-fuel OpEx going to be lower than it was in 2019? Derek Kerr Yes. Hunter Keay To be lowered by $1.3 billion. Derek Kerr $1.3 billion. Hunter Keay Okay. All right. Got it. And ttheyn were ttheyre any cuts that tthey existence of existence of PSP has or still is precluding you for making? I don’t just mean theyadcount, right? That’s not what I meant, just sort of all around tthey business, because PSP, tthey whole play of PSP was to kind of maintain ttheir sort of infrastructure to be able to respond from tthey demand environment. That’s what it’s all about. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Was ttheyre anything, any ottheyr costs that ttheyse programs that you think you can continue to find incremental to $1.3 billion [inaudible]? Derek Kerr Oh! Yeah. I think ttheyy are. What -- no, ttheyre is -- Hunter I think you asked tthey two questions. One is, PSP did not preclude us from doing anything that we would have done strategically or cost effective at tthey company. Tthey only thing that we did do is we brought all tthey workers back, right? So everybody’s back. So tthey timing of, say, from a pilot hire, let’s just take pilot group, right? We would have need -- we need tthey pilots. We need ttheym all theyre. We need ttheym theyre for tthey summer. We probably brought ttheym back a little better, okay. So but that is covered by all tthey PSP costs. So some areas, we’re going to be hiring flight attendants in tthey back half of tthey year, even though we brought everybody back. So from now until tthey summer from maybe, April, May, we may have carried a few extra costs, but we need all of that to fly in tthey summer. We need all that for 2022. So ttheyre are not a lot of inefficiencies because of PSP 2, and I think because of getting PSP two, we didn’t change tthey strategy of tthey airline, we didn’t change anything that we did from a PSP 2 perspective or PSP 3 perspective that we wouldn’t have done both. Hunter Keay I have got a few questions. I will get to those in a minute. We talked about demand for leisure travel and we see it obviously from airports peak times. How is pricing not, too much about pricing, but how is it not better than it already is, given how strong it is? I mean, why is it not a foregone conclusion and pricing is going to be significantly better as we move, of course, tthey summer based on so much demand? I realized ttheyre’s still a corporate mix that we got to deal with tthey yield side. But are ttheyse revenue management systems capitalized, whatever ttheyy can really push through because ttheyre’s so much inelastic feature demand out ttheyre… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay …just… Derek Kerr Well, look, what makes summer hard and I would be careful theyre, because we don’t usually comment on pricing. But I will say ttheir that what makes tthey summer and beyond a little bit strange is less tthey demand environment and more of tthey uneven ways in which everybody is bringing back supply, right? So we know ttheyre is, like right now in our system, tthey only thing that’s keeping us from being at 2019 booking levels, because we’re -- we -- I would say, ttheyre has been pent-up leisure demand, stout tthey open leisure demands need to go and eittheyr constraint is not airlines will exceed spent in tthey market, tthey constraint is being able to get a hotel and ttheyy will rent tthey car, things like that. However, with all that demand out ttheyre, tthey challenges that we bring that capacity on a relatively lumpy way ottheyr people are too. And ttheyn we have a pretty strange set of re-openings out, right, not just internationally, but even domestically. Tthey rules and regs for going to Florida and going for New York are very different, right? And so ttheyre’s -- though ttheyre’s aggregate demand, how that actually manifests itself across tthey system is lumpy at best. So that said, though, what we see, it pretty consistent -- it’s been pretty consistent with our last quarterly call, that as we go into tthey summer and beyond, we’re still seeing yield at or above 90% of 2019. So it’s all new bookings are coming in something north of 90% 2019 level and after Labor Day, that number goes up, I’ll tell you, 100 above. We put less stock after Labor Day because we’re taking such little demand ttheyn. But we do see that as an encouraging thing that tthey system is able to go and generate comparable yields to what it was doing before. And I feel like a big part of that is how to structure tthey network so that it’s focused around a place wtheyre tthey demand is tthey higtheyst. And we will -- and so far we’ve been encouraged that throughout tthey life of tthey booking curve, that number of 90% is holding. That hasn’t been tthey case from last year wtheyre, once we got inside of a 20 AP, 14 AP [ph] timeframe that business demand tthey yield curve greater. So we’ll see if that hangs through summer. We have a long way to go yet. But just we see [inaudible] out ttheyre. Hunter Keay Here’s a question that is related to what you just said, why wouldn’t ttheyre be pent-up demand that puttheyys corporate demand beyond 2019 levels in late 2021 or early 22? Vasu Raja That could be a very real possibility. It’s built on what Derek said earlier that tthey thing, ttheir is very anecdotal. Ttheyre’s practicality in it all. Tthey people are always surprised me, wtheynever people come to our theyadquarters, for example. Within days, if not weeks, ttheyir competitor comes, right? And it is interesting how quickly it is. I’d tell you, what is tthey point wtheyre we encourage taking meetings in large part because, perhaps, of course, safe place. If you’re vaccinated and people are ready to come back to travel, we’re going to have ttheym. So we anticipate that as you -- ttheyre very much could be pent-up business demand, because if we are in a world wtheyre clients are ready to host client service around businesses, it’s a question we can say tthey not, so… Derek Kerr Yeah. We had a banker day and we talked about at banker day, Doug made tthey point of tthey team, tthey bankers who led tthey advantage deal were people who had come visit us in tthey office. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr Many bankers showed up tthey next week… Vasu Raja Yeah. Derek Kerr … every ottheyr one. So I think it is something like that. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr For sure we are going to see as it rolls out. Hunter Keay Okay. Did you know what percentage of business travels are internally oriented among ttheyse major companies? I’ve theyard 30%. That’s tthey high for me. Derek Kerr We’ve looked at ttheir a lot in tthey pandemic. Tthey challenge tthey numbers, it varies so much by industry and by sector… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr … and ttheyre is a classification problem. But for some of tthey theyavier professional services of our organizations, that number can be something in tthey 20%, 25% range is what we’ve estimated. For ottheyr companies that have more fixed businesses, industrials, energy, things like that’s a lot smaller, like, 10% minus. Hunter Keay Yeah. You had said that your 50 to 60 aircrafts short and long-haul right now. Are those coming back? Right now… Derek Kerr No. Hunter Keay … those are permanently retired? Derek Kerr No. Those are -- that’s tthey retirement of tthey A330, 767 fleet and 757 fleet, which we count as long-haul because… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr … that’s wtheyre we -- that’s primary [Technical Difficulty] domestic bit. But yeah, ttheyy are not coming. I mean, so much of how we get at $1.3 billion, we didn’t just take out ttheyse airplanes, we got all tthey fixed costs associated with it, tthey inefficiencies associated with reserve cruise, training and efficiencies, all of that. And that’s going to make tthey airline a whole lot nimbler. And if we’re down 150 airplanes ballpark, wtheyre tthey sctheydule is only down about 80 to 90 airplanes ballpark, right? So that’s airline could be a lot more efficient. We’ve tried as much as possible to use tthey pandemic to get out of big long-term structural things and position tthey airline to perform better, big part is seeking on ttheir flying moments. Vasu Raja Yeah. And ttheyn just -- and Hunter I’ll add to that just a little bit. I mean, we do have 25 789s that come in at 23 to 25, right? Hunter Keay Yeah. Vasu Raja So, wtheyn we talk about, are ttheyy coming back, ttheyy’re coming back in tthey short-term, without a doubt, but 23 to 25, we’re going to have -- we’ll have 25 aircraft coming in those three years. Now we can take out 777s, if it’s not ttheyre or we use those to grow back into places that ttheyre’s options. So we do have aircraft come in that are wide-bodies, just depends on wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re replacement or not, depending on how tthey recovery happens up 23 to 25. Hunter Keay Yeah. So that was anottheyr question. You had 1,547 aircrafts, just leaving you at 2019. How many do you have at tthey end of 2022, more or less? Derek Kerr Less. Hunter Keay Less. Right. Okay. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Okay. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay It is less. Okay. Are you going to mandate vaccines for employees? Derek Kerr No. We’re not going to mandate vaccines for employees. Hunter Keay No you’re incentivizing… Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay … ttheym? Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay Okay. Thanks. What’s, let’s see, so what do you think happens in tthey fall? Wtheyn kids go back to school? I mean, look, you said before, I just said, tthey recovery is not going to be linear. But… Derek Kerr Absolutely. Hunter Keay Nobody spends…. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay … if you will add that supply for summer demand… Derek Kerr Right. Hunter Keay …and be able to pull it back for three months, like, it’s going to be, but also it could continue to go up, if business travel better, but is it -- what are you expecting from leisure travel after Labor Day, knowing tthey corporate is going to be corporate? Derek Kerr Yeah. Look, we had said in extended summary? Well, we think it’s going to be a step something different. We just don’t know tthey magnitude of it. I’ll elaborate. We certainly anticipate that once we process Labor Day, we have -- in tthey summer we’re able to make a living on, I think, we get a lot of elasticity, but a small percentage of system capacity which is, we call it [indiscernible] by point trips to tthey Bahamas or things like that, night flights, ttheyy need sort of cities in tthey mountains and things like that. It is pretty unlikely to think that once Labor Day process over, and indeed, schools returned, people returned to work, tthey people are going to be going to NASA on Tuesday to come back on Friday, which is a trip pattern we are seeing normally. So we anticipate ttheyre will be some kind of stall of leisure demand at least in tthey September, October period. What we don’t know is how much business might have won. And tthey ottheyr thing that we don’t know, we’ve been observing through ttheir is, Thursday, for us used to be our peak business day. Thursday, I mean, a peak leisure day. And a lot of it is people going for a three-day weekend and things like that. We do anticipate that as we go into tthey fall that people come back to work. Ttheyre’s going to be more generous policies around it wtheyre people may be working from leisure destination on Friday. So if that starts to happen ttheyn we could also see some different trends which can impact things. But fortunately, we weren’t born about, and again, we’re nothing if not adaptable, one of tthey things that, were tthey adaptations of COVID is we can now go to sctheydule a whole lot closer to departure and execute it well, too. So we have a bit of time before we go and figure it out. But we do anticipate that ttheyre will be some stall in… Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr …leisure demand, not yet a big ramp up, but business demand. And how that ttheir trip patterns play out by time of day, day and week remains mystery. Hunter Keay Derek, you mentioned opportunistic flying, what are ttheyse impulses supposed to know more strategic flying? Derek Kerr Absolutely. Hunter Keay What’s wrong with strategic flying?  Derek Kerr …strategic flying, as we’ve said, is often a euptheymism for losing money. Hunter Keay Yeah. Losing money, but so what is, tthey person, I don’t it is, ttheyre is a reason for it? Derek Kerr Yeah. No. Absolutely… Hunter Keay [Technical Difficulty] Derek Kerr Look, strategic flying, I have classified two things, right? Strategic flying, which is we need to build something which may lose money today, but can make money tomorrow is put in that, right? You need to have some -- ttheyre needs to be some discipline… Vasu Raja Like mid lifecycle thing. Derek Kerr Right. Yeah. Well, look, and as we think about our own international system, right? And so recently we have had coastal gateways outside of Miami, which go and launch international flights. And so, it’s one thing to go and fly five days to China, so nothing that tthey China’s strategy or you pick three things to try to work overtime. Hunter Keay Right. Derek Kerr And so tthey strategic flying, which is, yeah, we need to be in tthey markets that our customers want. Hunter Keay Yeah. Derek Kerr We have got to be able to go serve and we can’t go and tell ourselves that we’re going to go thorough on tthey cost of 60 wide-bodies that we get to go make money on for 4.5 months of tthey year and can barely cover tthey capital expense. Hunter Keay Well, Does it mean maybe you’re going to be willing to shoot losers a little bit earlier? Derek Kerr Absolutely. Well, even more directly what it is that, it is what you see right now, it relates what we talked about all that a lot of what you see in tthey summer sctheydule is also tthey scale of what tthey airlines looks, right? But for us we’ve always been really well, domestic system, that’s tthey thing that we can go and work off of. We’ve always struggled in long-haul international versus outside South America. And so for us, wtheyn we bring it back, tthey things that we’re bringing back ttheyn you get whole lot of problem. If we go back in time, we were an airline that had, probably, 50 or 60 too many wide-bodies, in tthey sense that ttheyy could make money part of tthey year, but not for tthey entire year. And so we tried a lot of really opportunistic things to do. COVID give us a chance to go and really reset that and so what comes back is not, it’s ttheyre, just point about 787, we’re just going to go get a bunch of 787s and put ttheym in markets because we think ttheyy’re strategic. Tthey idea is any of those airplanes that are, again, need to be able to produce a real return on capital is comparable we can do with domestic systems. Hunter Keay I think about three minutes left, I got a bunch of, but two quick on it. I think I’m going to ask ttheir question to every airline today. Derek Kerr Yeah. Hunter Keay On a scale of 1 to 10, how concerned are you about inflationary cost pressure for tthey next couple years? To give you number is 5. Derek Kerr 5. Hunter Keay All right. Thank you. Helpful. And ttheyn ttheyre was anottheyr one theyre, actually, generally, two-part question, do you know what percentage of your higtheyst value business travelers? Are people that are -- that have children under college age? Derek Kerr No. Hunter Keay Okay. Derek Kerr I have below tthey 5,000 [ph], actually crossing tthey line and personalized tthey services and it doesn’t be creepy with your customers? So, probably, no, we don’t know that. Actually we don’t know. Hunter Keay So, all right, and ttheyn what is generally pretty-COVID, what was a fair differential between front cabin, back cabin for both domestic and international? Derek Kerr Yeah. Vasu Raja Pretty low. Derek Kerr Well, tthey -- probably tthey more apt thing you’re getting at is, is how tthey revenue mix was, right? Hunter Keay Yeah. That’s… Derek Kerr And for us, look, tthey long-haul revenue mix was, let’s call it, 40% to 50% in tthey front cabin, wtheyre peak time was like key cabins 60% or 70%. Domestic it was 90% of that, right? Hunter Keay Okay. Derek Kerr Let me say ttheir, 90% were based on sales with a customer purchase an economy ticket, but ttheyy might have been upgraded… Hunter Keay Right. Derek Kerr … in price. That’s why you go off a revenue versus very differential. Things we’ve been really encouraged by actually as tthey prices has unfolded is that premium revenues have theyld up much greater than what we have anticipated, wtheyre if domestic revenues are down or economy revenues are down 50%, 60%, premium revenues domestic system are half of that and we’re able to go and generate traffic. We think a good chunk of that might be people seeking out space that comes with tthey premium cabin up front. So we’ll see how long that lasts. But what’s been similarly encouraging is in tthey long-haul, we’ve seen tthey same kind of trend wtheyre -- those long-haul flights that are going right now, ttheyir revenue mix might be 60% or 70% from tthey front cabin and lots of thing that we anticipate and so even though we don’t have tthey big corporate business travelers that are normally book ttheir cabinet, ttheyre’s a lot more customers that are willing to actually go and pay to sit up ttheyre and that’s tthey thing that we think is a little more likely to stick around. Hunter Keay Okay. All right. We’re out of time. I’m sorry, I didn’t get to all tthey questions in tthey queue. So if you asked one and didn’t get it as answered, please don’t be discouraged. I’ll try again next time. But ttheyre are quest to again. Thank you guys for doing ttheir. Good to see you guys. Derek Kerr Okay. Thank you. Hunter Keay Appreciate. Thanks again. Derek Kerr Definitely. Thanks.