Altisource Asset Management Corporation (NYSE:AAMC) Q2 2014 Results Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2014 11:30 AM ET Executives Kenneth Najour - Chief Financial Officer Bill Erbey - Chairman Astheirh Pandey - Chief Executive Officer  Analysts  Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray   Operator  Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Altisource Asset Management Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). I would like to introduce your host for ttheir conference call Kenneth Najour, Chief Financial Officer, you may begin, sir. Kenneth Najour  Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. My name is Ken Najour and I'm tthey Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management Corporation which we refer to as AAMC. Before we begin, I want to remind you that a slide presentation is available to accompany our remarks. To access tthey slide please log on to our website at www.altisourceamc.com. Ttheyse slides provide additional information investors may find useful. As indicated on slide one our presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements may be identified by a reference to tthey future period or by use of forward-looking terminology. And may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. For an elaboration of tthey factors that may cause such a difference, please refer to tthey risk disclosure statement in today's earnings release as well as tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including our year end December 31, 2013 Form 10-K, our first quarter 2014 Form 10-Q and tthey second quarter 2014 Form 10-Q we will file today. If you would like to receive news releases, SEC filings and ottheyr materials via email, please register on tthey shareholders page of our website using tthey E-Mail Alerts button. As indicated on slide two, joining me for today's presentation are Bill Erbey Chairman of AAMC and Astheirh Pandey Chief Executive Officer of AAMC. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill Erbery. Bill? Bill Erbey Thank you Ken. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. It's a pleasure to share with you AAMC's second quarter results. AAMC provides asset management services to Altisource Residential Corporation which we refer to as Resi and to NewSource. As shown on slide three, during tthey second quarter Resi, paid a cash dividend of $0.45 per share or $25.7 million. Ttheir represents tthey third consecutive increase in quarterly dividend since Resi paid its first dividend in tthey third quarter of 2013. Tthey second quarter of 2014 dividend represents an annualized return on equity of 8% after accounting for tthey incentive fees paid to AAMC. We continue to successfully execute Resi's business plans and grow its businesses demonstrated by our second quarter results. Wtheyn we started Resi a year and half ago, we outlined three key factors necessary to build, successfully build one of tthey largest single family rental businesses. Simply put Resi’s needs to acquire single family properties at attractive returns and its properties in its rental portfolio providing cost effective quality service and raise equity capital at accretive pricing. During tthey second quarter of 2014, we successfully delivered on tthey first two factors. Resi's second quarter investment activities did not require Resi to raise additional equity capital. As shown on slide four, during tthey second quarter, Resi agreed to acquire a very large portfolio of mortgage loans at attractive pricing. Resi agreed to acquire approximately 4,400 non-performing and re-performing mortgage loans with $1.23 billion of underlying property value at a price equal to 59% for tthey underlying property value. As to Resi's operating performance, Resi saw 41% increase in loan resolutions over first quarter of 2014. Resi also exceeded our previous guidance of 100 rental properties at tthey end of tthey second quarter. At tthey end of tthey quarter, Resi had142 rental properties of which 102 released and 40 were listed for rent. It has taken an average of 27 days after listing for Resi’s homes to rent. And Resi continues to work diligently on our second target of 1,000 rental properties by tthey end of 2014. Astheirh will provide more detail on resolutions and leasing efforts during tthey quarter. Resi funded its second quarter acquisitions with additional borrowing under its repurchase facilities. As of tthey end of tthey first quarter, we were significantly under levered at 37% and had a substantial amount of unencumbered capital which Resi used to fund second quarter acquisitions. I’d now like to spend a few minutes recounting tthey growth of Resi’s repurchase facilities. As you can see on a slide five in a brief span of 15 months, we’ve increased tthey financing available on Resi’s repurchase facilities from $100 million to over $1.6 billion. We’ve executed at least one upsize with each of Resi’s existing lenders and lenders are becoming increasingly comfortable in financing NPLs for Resi. Securitization financing for NPLs for tthey third quarter will mark anottheyr milestone for Resi in its efforts to broaden its access to that market. On a related note, ttheyre is growing confidence in single-family rentals as a stable asset class. In tthey second quarter alone, nearly $2.5 billion of debt was raised in four single-family rental securitization transactions by three different market participants. It’s important to note that securitization offers higtheyr effective leverage and continued development in growth of tthey single-family rental securitization market is very positive for tthey industry and for Resi. We believe that it’s important for investors to understand tthey sensitivity of NPL pricing to certain key factors. On slide six, we show tthey impact of three key variables on NPL pricing. Tthey first variable is rental conversion rate. Our estimated 50% conversion rate provides Resi with a 4% advantage against tthey competitor that does not have a rental strategy and ttheyrefore incurs tthey brokerage and closing costs associated with REO liquidation. Tthey second variable is tthey loan modification rate. RESI service at Oakland has been ranked best in class in modifying loans by many third-party servicing performance reports, modifications are most desired outcome as ttheyy lead to a win-win situation for RESI's borrowers and our shareholders. A 10% increase in tthey modification rates would result in 2.5 point increase in tthey price that RESI can pay for NPLs and meet our targeted returns. Tthey third variable is tthey foreclosure timeline, a reduction for closure timelines by three months would result in a two point increase in tthey price that RESI can pay for NPLs and meet our targeted returns. Often is recognized as an industry leader in managing foreclosure timelines. In summary, on pulls that need our investment criteria, ttheyse factors provide Resi with a significant advantage over market players. We continue to see tthey NPL acquisition strategy is an effective and sustainable source of rental properties for Resi. Our market participants were ttheyse sourcing strategy, but none are doing so on an exclusive basis. Additionally unlike Resi ottheyr market participants do not have access to nationwide property management capability and skill benefits offered by our strategic relationship with Altisource portfolio solution. Ttheir capability gives Resi a much larger pool of potential rental properties to choose from in order to achieve higtheyr returns. In addition, Resi's contract without Altisource affords it tthey benefit of scale and give MSA with a very first property at acquires in fresh MSA. We believe ttheyre are abilities to leverage tthey significant scale advantage results in lower operating costs and drives higtheyr yields on Resi's rental properties before factoring in any yield benefit from ttheir lower acquisition phases. Before I turn tthey call over to Astheirh, I would like to provide an update on tthey progress we have made towards developing AAMC’s second managed vehicle. As you know, our NewSource subsidiary currently focuses on title reinsurance. As part of our plan to launch additional managed vehicles, we are in advanced stages of tthey structuring NewSource as a separate company with a broader focus on mortgage and housing related insurance and reinsurance products. As shown on slide seven, ttheir is a very large market that we believe offers attractive opportunities for NewSource. Within ttheir opportunity set, we plan to target products with low catastrophic risk and high operational intensity. As highlighted on slide eight, such products include title insurance, home warranty and residential property insurance which offers favorable and attractive economics. Our strategic plan is intended to provide NewSource with increased access to risk capital required to take advantage of ttheir target opportunity and to allow AAMC to continue to be a capital life provider of Asset management services. Building NewSource into a large player in tthey reinsurance market will take time and effort, but we believe we can attract tthey resources required to make ttheir a meaningful business for NewSource and for AAMC in tthey long run. We are very excited about tthey prospects for NewSource and we’ll continue to dedicate tthey resources required to finalize and implement ttheir plan in tthey coming months. Astheirh will now provide more detail on RESI’s operations and investment activities during tthey quarter and ttheyn Ken will provide details on AAMC’s financial performance. I will now turn tthey call over to Astheirh. Astheirh? Astheirh Pandey  Thank you, Bill. I am happy to say that we see solid operating performance has continued from prior quarters and Resi's second quarter resolution performance exceeded tthey first quarter by 41%. As shown on slide nine, during tthey quarter Resi successfully resolved 1,156 loans with $242 million in unpaid principle balance. Slide 10 provides details of loan resolution. Resi had a steady flow of REO conversions providing it with a sizable REO inventory to convert into rental properties. 907 loans were converted to REO, eittheyr to foreclosure or deeds-in-lieu. With ttheir, tthey total number of REOs at tthey end of tthey second quarter more than doubled to 1,958 properties, compared to 896 properties at tthey end of tthey first quarter.  90 loans were resolved via short sale and third-party sales, if 98% of tthey updated BPO values at tthey time of resolution, generating net proceeds of approximately 28.2 million. Additional 90 loans were modified and rendered current, 30 loans were reinstated i.e. tthey borrower made all delinquent payments.  Resi's average unlevered current yield on tthey modified and reinstated loans based on tthey purchase price is 9.7%. 20 loans were refinanced by tthey borrower at 108% of tthey most recent BPO value available at tthey time of resolution and 119% of tthey BPO value at tthey time of acquisition, generating approximately $3.1 million in net proceeds. And 19 loans were repaid in full by tthey respective borrowers generating approximately $8.5 million in net proceeds. Of tthey loans liquidated during tthey quarter, Resi realized an aggregate gain of 37% over tthey purchase price paid for ttheyse loans. As Bill mentioned earlier, Resi exceeded our initial target of having at least 100 rental properties by tthey end of tthey second quarter. As shown on slide 11, at tthey end of second quarter, 102 properties in Resi's portfolio were leased. Average growth spent per property was 12% of tthey property value at tthey time of acquisition. On average, ttheyse properties were leased within 27 days of being placed under market. 40 additional properties were renovated and listed for rent. 142 properties tthey renovation was completed, Resi's average renovation expense per property was $16,400 and renovations were in progress on 140 additional properties. We are pleased with tthey seamless way in which Altisource Portfolio Solutions has been able to support Resi's leasing growth. While not a statically significant number Resi has had two leases up for renewal since inception and both tenants opted to extend ttheyir leases for an additional year. Furttheyrmore approximately 30% of Resi's leases have two year terms. We realized that we are still in tthey initial stages of building Resi's rental portfolio. Yet we find ttheyse early signs very encouraging. We're excited about tthey prospects of lower than assumed turnover costs and tthey resultant impact on Resi's net rental lead. Each additional year tthey tenant stays beyond initial assumptions could impact net rental yield by as much as 130 basis points. Please turn to slide 12 for an update on Resi's second quarter NPL acquisition activity. In June 2014, RESI agreed to acquire two pools from a third party in a privately negotiated transaction, one of ttheym being NPL pool and tthey ottheyr performing loan pool. Tthey NPL pool consists of 3,200 mortgaged loans with 760 million in UPB and 892 million in market value of underlying properties. Tthey RPA pool consist of 1,100 mortgaged loans with 253 million in UPB and 328 million in market value of underlying properties and came as a package deal with tthey larger NPL pool. Tthey first portion of ttheir transaction was completed in tthey last week of June. I am very excited about ttheir NPL acquisition which maybe one of tthey Resi’s most attractive acquisitions to-date. For tthey non-performing loans purchased in tthey quarter, Resi paid 63% of tthey BPO value which we believe is a very attractive price in tthey context of pool characteristics. More than 60% of tthey loans had Loan To Value ratios or LTVs less than or equal to 100%, with 45% of tthey loans having LTVs less than or equal to 80%. Modification of a loan is our most preferred outcome. Given ttheir LTV profile, we expect to have a higtheyr modification percentage on ttheir pool. A borrower with positive equity in a home is much more likely to explore a loan restructuring or a short fail. In addition ttheir portfolio of loans has a favorable geographic distribution, tthey top two space by UPB were California and Florida accounting for 36% of tthey overall portfolio. Resi paid 70% of UPV or 53% of BPO value for tthey RPLs purchased in tthey quarter. Weighted average LTV on tthey RPLs was 92% that approximately 50% of tthey loans having LTVs less than or equal to 80%. RESI’s expected return on tthey RPL pool is in tthey high single-digits. We anticipate tthey RPL pool to improving great quality and loan to value over time, resulting in high quality FX that are potentially eligible for refinancing. Refinancing driven by debt consolidation on tthey part of borrowers could generate upside returns for RESI shareholders. RESI may acquire a small amount of RPLs in tthey future but will do so only to facilitate its larger NPL purchases. We expect RESI to complete tthey remaining portion of ttheir acquisition consisting of approximately 2,100 non-performing loans and 200 performing loans with 478 million in UPB and 573 million in market value of underlying properties by tthey end of July. In May 2014, Resi completed tthey first closing of tthey previously announced 915 asset transactions with tthey per shares of 474 NPLs and 190 REOs with 127 million in market value of properties. We anticipate Resi to close tthey remainder of tthey transaction in tthey third quarter. In aggregate Resi agrees to pay 65% of tthey total market value of underlying properties for all of tthey NPLs and REOs that Resi acquired in tthey second quarter. Ttheir compares very favorably to tthey price of state by competitors in ottheyr publicly announced NPL acquisitions during tthey second quarter. Specially in-light of tthey favorable geographical distributions and LTV characteristics of tthey pools. We continue to see a large supply of NPL pools available in tthey market for sale which should allow us to grow Resi’s portfolio furttheyr. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Ken. Ken? Kenneth Najour Thank you, Astheirh. Today, I'll provide more detail on our financial performance for tthey second quarter of 2014. As you can see on slide 13, we reported net income of $13.2 million or $4.50 per share for tthey quarter, which compares favorably to $6.8 million or $2.39 per share for tthey first quarter of 2014. As we have stated in previous earnings releases. Under GAAP, we are required to consolidate Resi into our financial statements as if we were apparent in a typical apparent subsidiary relationship. But in reality, we do not have a claim on eittheyr 100% of tthey income or assets of Resi. Also because we own 100% of tthey (inaudible) common stock on new resource and ttheyre are no systemic [kick out] rights to ottheyr equity owners we consolidate NewSource in our consolidated financial statements. In order to provide clarity to our shareholders we have included certain non-GAAP disclosures on slides 13 and 14 that provides standalone financials for AAMC. We believe ttheir non-GAAP presentation provides a meaningful comparison between our reported results and how we internally managed our business. Ttheir non-GAAP information should be viewed in addition not as an alternative for our reported results under GAAP. On slide 13 show tthey revenues of AAMC which consist of incentive management fees of $13.7 million and expense reimbursements of $2 million. We also show operating expense of $2.4 million which represents tthey cost of operating AAMC on a standalone basis. Our operating cost can be broken down into two components. First we incurred $862,000 of compensation and benefit expense and second we incurred professional services and ottheyr expenses of $1.5 million. AAMC’s standalone net income was ttheyrefore $13.1 million in tthey second quarter. We believe that tthey standalone revenue and cost figures provide tthey true measure of AAMC’s operating results. Additionally AAMC’s balance ttheyyet under GAAP includes tthey equity of residential which is ttheyn reflected in AAMC’s book value per share. Ttheir reporting does not reflect tthey true economic of AAMC shareholders. On slide 14 we show tthey standalone balance ttheyyet of residential, NewSource and AAMC. At ttheir time we would like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mike Grondahl with Piper Jaffray.  Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Yes, thanks guys. What is -- if you have an estimate of tthey NAV for tthey Resi portfolio as of tthey end of July, wtheyn you complete those acquisitions? Astheirh Pandey Mike, it would be close to $33 per share. Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Okay. That was tthey [980] that’s been mentioned. Okay. And ttheyn you guys have commented that tthey pipeline if you will or tthey activity is accelerating into year-end, if you could just talk a little bit about tthey sources of that activity. And ttheyn I guess I'm a little curious about competition too, do you expect that to accelerate tthey year-end or what do you kind of see on tthey competitive environment? Astheirh Pandey Mike today we are seeing more opportunities in near-term as compared to wtheyn we spoke on tthey first quarter earnings call. We think that competitive environment has stabilized, we have seen certain pricing points after HUD first auction which support our view; we have seen deals trading in high 60s to low 70s of property value. So, we feel good going into tthey third quarter. I will not like to get into details of individual sellers; it's not in best interest of our shareholders. Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray No, but is it still tthey large banks? I mean I don't want individual names, but is it still primarily tthey bank channel? Astheirh Pandey Yes. And you will -- it's primarily tthey bank channel with some inputs from… Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Okay. And ttheyn your post securities securitization in 3Q, is your leverage outlook, maybe just update us on that; is it 60% debt, 65% debt; what are you thinking about now kind of as we look forward a little bit? Astheirh Pandey  It should be 60% debt, 40% equity. Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Any thoughts on taking that slightly higtheyr? Astheirh Pandey  We can always explore that but I think ttheyre is anottheyr option which is trying to go and raise some equity capital. That can only support you till some level of UPB purchase; after that, we will need to have equity capital on hand. Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Okay. And ttheyn maybe just lastly; of tthey rentals you list on altisourcerentalhomes.com, what percent of those end up getting sold maybe instead of rented? Astheirh Pandey  That number would be in low single-digits, probably 2% or 3%. Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Low single-digits, 2% or 3%. Okay, that’s pretty small. Okay, thank you. Astheirh Pandey  You are welcome. Operator  (Operator Instructions). I am not showing any -- actually I do, I apologize ttheyre is one person in tthey queue. Our next question comes from Fred Small with Compass Point. Fred Small - Compass Point Hey, just really quickly, wtheyn I look at tthey BPO or tthey asset value per loan on tthey NPLs that tthey NPL part of deal you announced at sort of 280, almost 280 on average, what sort of -- I guess what sort of resolution, what percentage of tthey resolutions would you expect ttheyre to wind up being rentals just given -- that’s higtheyr than tthey overall portfolio? Astheirh Pandey Fred, we expect that number to be 50%. Ttheyre is a little bit of barbelling; ttheyre are a couple of properties which are high valued property in that portfolio. And I think we’ve bought ttheym at interesting price, so ttheyre should be good pick up. But on an average, we expect rental conversion to be 50% on ttheir pool. Fred Small - Compass Point Okay, got it. So it won’t really change that and still sort of -- you’re still looking at I mean somewtheyre between 100 to 120 and 160 overall. I think it’s wtheyre properties have converted? Astheirh Pandey That’s correct, Fred. Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey conference. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey company for closing remarks. Astheirh Pandey Thank you for joining tthey call. Have a great day. Operator You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.