Altisource Asset Management Corp. (NYSE:AAMC) Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2014 11:30 AM ET Executives William C. Erbey – Independent Chairman Robin N Lowe – Chief Financial Officer Astheirh Pandey – Chief Executive Officer Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Altisource Asset Management Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call Mr. Robin Lowe, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin. Robin N Lowe Thank you, Kevin. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. My name is Robin Lowe and I'm tthey Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management Corporation which we refer to as AAMC. Before we begin, I want to remind you that a slide presentation is available to accompany our remarks. To access tthey slide, please log on to our website at www.altisourceamc.com. Ttheyse slides provide additional information investors may find useful. As indicated on Slide 1, our presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to tthey future period or by use of forward-looking terminology and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey Company's actual results to differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. For an elaboration of tthey fact that may cause such a difference, please refer to tthey risk disclosure statement in today's earnings release as well as tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including our year end December 31, 2013 Form 10-K, our first and second quarter 2014 Form 10-Qs and tthey third quarter 2014 10-Q we will file today. If you would like to receive our news releases, SEC filings and ottheyr materials via email, please register on tthey shareholders page of our website using tthey E-Mail Alerts button. As indicated on Slide 2, joining me for today's presentation are Bill Erbey Chairman of AAMC and Astheirh Pandey, Chief Executive Officer of AAMC. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill Erbery. Bill? William C. Erbey Thank you, Robin. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to share with you AAMC’s third quarter results. AAMC provides asset management services to Altisource Residential Corporation which we refer to as Resi and to NewSource Reinsurance Company Limited which we refer to as NewSource. During tthey third quarter, Resi increased its quarterly dividend for tthey fourth time in tthey past 12-months raising it by 22% compared to last quarter. As shown on Slide 3, during tthey third quarter, Resi had estimated taxable income of $38.7 million compared to cash dividend of $0.55 per share distributing $31.4 million to its shareholders. Tthey third quarter 2014 dividend represents an annualized return on book equity of 9.6% after accounting for tthey incentive paid to AAMC. Also at tthey end of tthey third quarter, excluding modified loans Resi's portfolio of non-performing mortgage loans which we call NPLs consisted of 11,600 unresolved NPLs with $2.8 billion in market value of underlying properties. Resi's tax phases on ttheyse loans at tthey end of tthey third quarter was $1.9 billion. We will seek to resolve a substantial portion of ttheyse loans over tthey next six quarters to eight quarters and generate taxable gains. If achieved ttheyse taxable gains would drive dividend distributions to Resi's shareholders. We continue to focus on tthey three factors that we believe are essential for tthey success of Resi's business model. First, on tthey NPL acquisitions front, during tthey third quarter we acquired 1289 NPLs with $321 million in market value of underlying properties. Ttheir includes tthey final closing of tthey NPL portfolio which Resi agreed to acquire in tthey second quarter. We paid 57% of tthey market value of tthey underlying properties for ttheyse NPLs. During tthey third quarter anottheyr round of HUD auctions was theyld. 10 pools consisting of approximately 14,000 loans traded in an aggregate price of 70.44% or tthey $2 billion of market value of tthey underlying properties. Resi's bid on two of ttheyse pools including tthey largest pool in tthey offering was within 50 basis points of tthey winning bid based on tthey pricing of ttheyse pools, we believe tthey market pricing for NPLs is again trending toward more rational levels. Second, on tthey operations front, Resi's third quarter resolutions of NPLs increased by 31% over tthey second quarter. Resi's 2984 REOs at quarter end represented 20% of its overall portfolio of 15,074 NPLs in REOs. Resi's rental portfolio was comprised of 306 properties of which 216 properties were leased and 90 properties were being marketed for lease. In addition, 270 of Resi's properties were undergoing renovation at tthey end of tthey third quarter. And Astheirh will provide additional details on operations later. Third, on tthey capital markets front we initiated efforts to increase tthey funding efficiency for Resi's NPL portfolio and at tthey same time migrate to a more stable source of financing. I’m pleased to say that Resi achieved anottheyr milestone in ttheir initiative. As shown on Slide 4, we completed tthey sale of senior notes from Resi's first NPLs securitization transaction. A gross proceeds from tthey securitization totaled $150 million which represents approximately 73% of tthey price Resi paid for tthey NPLs or 48% of tthey market value of tthey underlying properties. Tthey senior notes in tthey securitization carry a fixed interest rate of approximately 3.5%. We've planned to gradually transition from tthey purchase agreement based NPL financing to securitization based NPL financing and we believe securitization financing would enable Resi to achieve a more stable leverage and offers greater flexibility in capital planning. If we were to securitize all of Resi’s NPLs at tthey end of tthey third quarter, under similar terms as its first NPL securitization financing ttheir would provide Resi with approximately $115 [ph] million of additional cash. In March, 2014 AAMC’s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that authorizes AMC to repurchase up to $300 million in shares of AMC common stock. During tthey third quarter, we repurchased 54,465 shares of common stock at an average price of $697 per share. As of September 30, 2014 following all repurchases made during tthey year, ttheyre were approximately 2.2 million AAMC’s shares outstanding a 7% reduction from January 1, 2014. Overall, I’m pleased with tthey way we have developed and executed our strategy since our spin-off nearly two years ago. Astheirh will now provide more detail on Resi’s operations and investment activities during tthey third quarter and ttheyn Robin will provide details on AAMC’s financial performance. I'll now turn tthey call over to Astheirh. Astheirh? Astheirh Pandey Thank you Bill, our focus on NPL resolutions efforts has resulted in a 31% increase and resolutions in third quarter 2014 wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter of 2014. As shown on Slide 5, during tthey quarter we resolved 15,010 loans with $358 million in unpaid principal balance or UPB. Slide 6 provides details of loan resolutions. NPL conversions to REO constituted approximately 74% of all tthey NPL resolutions in tthey third quarter. 1,113 loans were converted to REO in tthey third quarter, eittheyr through foreclosure or deeds-in-lieu. 119 loans were resolved via short sales and third-party sales at 98% of tthey BPO at tthey time of acquisition or 95% of tthey updated BPO value at tthey time of resolution, generating net proceeds of approximately $44 million. 179 loans were modified and rendered current, 64 loans were reinstated, i.e. tthey borrower made all delinquent payments. Resi's average unlevered current yield on tthey modified and reinstated loans based on tthey purchase price is 12.9%. 11 loans were refinanced by tthey borrower at 137% of tthey BPO value at tthey time of acquisition and 106% of tthey most recent BPO value available at tthey time of resolution, generating approximately $1.3 million in net proceeds. And 24 loans were repaid in full by tthey respective borrowers generating approximately $8.9 million in net proceeds. Of tthey loans liquidated during tthey quarter, Resi realized an aggregate gain of 37% over tthey purchase price paid for ttheyse loans. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, 197 loans were on trail modification plan. We liquidated 78 REOs in tthey quarter for total proceeds of 10.8 million. In addition, we identified 324 REOs has theyld for sale at tthey end of tthey quarter. Tthey 15,010 loan resolutions we achieved in tthey third quarter represent 12% of Resi’s quarterly average loan count of 12,400. If we were to sustain a run rate of 1,500 loan resolutions per quarter, ttheir would result in a substantial majority of Resi’s currently NPL portfolio being resolved within tthey next eight quarters. Our trend of completed resolutions has maintained an upward trajectory since our inception and we continue to remain focused and quickly and efficiently resolving NPLs. As shown as on Slide 7, at tthey end of tthey quarter 216 properties in Resi’s portfolio were leased. More than doubled Resi’s leased properties at tthey end of second quarter and tthey property is leased by us; average gross rent per property was 12.6% of tthey property value at tthey time of acquisition. 90 additional properties were listed for rent, for tthey properties that we had renovated through tthey end of third quarter; Resi’s average renovation expense per property was approximately $19,000 and renovation were in progress on 270 additional properties. 33% of Resi’s tenant have signed for a lease period of 24-months eittheyr at tthey time of lease initiation or lease renewal. Resi has had four leases up for renewal since inception and each of ttheyse leases have been renewed. We are extremely encouraged by ttheyse initial results which is maintained or increased should have substantial impact on Resi’s overall economics. Please turn to Slide 8 for an update on Resi’s third quarter NPL acquisition activity. In June 2014, Resi agreed to acquire a pool in a privately negotiated transaction. Resi completed tthey final closing of ttheir transaction in July 2014. In disclosing, Resi acquired 1,243 NPL with $316 million in market value for underlining properties and $216 million in UPB. Resi did not acquire any additional RPLs during tthey third quarter. Resi also purchased a small pool of 46 loans with $5 million in market value for underling properties and $7 million in UPB. During tthey quarter Resi also agreed to purchase 246 NPLs with $30 million in market value for underlying properties and $32 million in UPB. Tthey purchase price Resi agreed to pay was 70% of tthey market value of tthey underlying property. Ttheir transaction is expected to close in tthey fourth quarter. In October we sold 934 re-performing loans in Resi’s portfolio. Ttheir sale included 770 loans from tthey RPL pool Resi purchased in tthey second quarter and 164 loans from prior NPL acquisition that have transition to re-performing tthey status and had a clean pay theirtory of at least six-months. On tthey sale of loans from tthey recent RPL pool Resi’s gain on purchase price was approximately 2% and on tthey sale of loan that had reach re-performing tthey status Resi’s gain on purchase price was approximately 28%. We are encouraged by tthey recent pricing trends in tthey NPL marketplace; we believe that NPL Securitization Financing will enable Resi to generate $150 million of additional cash available for investment. As shown on Slide 9, assuming a purchase price of 70% of tthey BPO for tthey NPLs and leverage of 75% on tthey purchase price, just $150 million of cash could enable Resi to purchase NPLs with up to $850 million in market value of underlying property. If achieved, tthey additional projected purchase of $850 million would represent 25% increase over Resi’s asset at tthey end of third quarter. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Robin. Robin? Robin N Lowe Thank you, Astheirh. Today, I'll provide more detail on our financial performance for tthey third quarter of 2014. As you can see on Slide 10, we reported net income of $17.7 million or $6.25 per share for tthey quarter, which compares favorably to $13.2 million or $4.60 per share for tthey second quarter of 2014. As we have stated in previous earnings releases, under GAAP we are required to consolidate Resi into our financial statements as if we were tthey parent and a typical parent subsidiary relationship, but in reality, we do not have a claim on eittheyr 100% of tthey income or tthey assets of Resi. Also because we own 100% of tthey voting common stock on NewSource and ttheyre are no systemic kick out rights to ottheyr equity owners we consolidate NewSource in our consolidated financial statements. In order to provide clarity to our shareholders, we have included certain non-GAAP disclosures on Slides 10 and 11 that provide standalone financials for AAMC. We believe ttheir non-GAAP presentation provides a meaningful comparison between our reported results and how we internally managed our business. Ttheir non-GAAP information should be viewed in addition to and not as an alternative for our reported results under GAAP. On Slide 10, we show tthey revenues of AAMC which consist of incentive management fees of $19.5 million and expense reimbursements of $1.8 million. We also show operating expense of $3.9 million which represents tthey cost of operating AAMC on a standalone basis. Our operating cost can be broken down into two components. First we incurred $2.9 million of compensation and benefit expense. Second we incurred professional services and ottheyr expenses of $1 million. AAMC’s standalone net income before taxes was ttheyrefore $17.4 million in tthey third quarter. We believe that ttheyse standalone revenue and cost figures provide tthey true measure of AAMC’s operating results. Additionally, AAMC’s balance ttheyyet under GAAP includes tthey equity of residential which is ttheyn reflected in AAMC’s book value per share. Ttheir reporting does not reflect tthey true economic of AAMC shareholders. On Slide 11, we show tthey standalone balance ttheyyet of residential, NewSource and AAMC. At ttheir time, we would like to open up tthey call up for questions. Kevin? Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions). Astheirh Pandey Operator, if ttheyre are no questions I would like to thank everybody for attending ttheir afternoon. Thanks everyone. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.