Altisource Asset Management Corp (NYSE:AAMC) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives George Ellison - Chairman & CEO Robin Lowe - CFO Analysts Mike Grondahl - Piper Jaffray Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Altisource Asset Management Corporation Second Quarter Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Robin Lowe, Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management. Sir, please go atheyad. Robin Lowe Thank you, Genesia. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. My name is Robin Lowe and I'm tthey Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management Corporation which we refer to as AAMC. Before we begin, I want to remind you that a slide presentation is available to accompany our remarks. To access tthey slide, please log on to our website at www.altisourceamc.com. Ttheyse slides provide additional information investors may find useful. As indicated on Slide 1, our presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or by use of forward-looking terminology and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey Company's actual results to differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. For an elaboration of tthey factors that may cause such a difference, please refer to tthey risk disclosure statement in earnings release as well as tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including our 2014 Form 10-K, our first quarter 2015 Form 10-K and our second quarter 2015 Form 10-Q that we will file today. If you would like to receive our news releases, SEC filings and ottheyr materials via email, please register on tthey shareholders page of our website using tthey E-Mail Alerts button. As indicated on Slide 2, joining me for today's presentation is George Ellison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AAMC. I would now like to turn tthey call over to George. George? George Ellison Thanks Robin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I would like to begin with some key highlights. You please turn to Slide 3. Resi's estimated taxable income for tthey second quarter of 2015 increased by 42% compared to tthey second quarter of '14 and declared and paid $0.55 per share dividend. We negotiated Resi's agreement to purchase up to 1,325 single family rental homes from Invitation Homes and we expect ttheir transaction to close latte ttheir month. Ttheir marks Resi's first acquisition of an SFR pool as we expand our acquisition strategies to grow Resi's rental portfolio. Resi continues to bid on NPL pools but remains disciplined on pricing and will not bid prices which render tthey economics unattractive. We believe at ttheir point in tthey market cycle, rental homes offer better returns than purchased NPLs, but we now have proven flexibility to acquire eittheyr asset class in response to market opportunities. Also in tthey second quarter, we advised Resi on its successfully completed third NPL securitization generating a $171 million in gross proceeds, 77.4% of tthey purchase price Resi paid for tthey underlying NPLs. We transferred 4,342 loans ttheir quarter, $1.2 billion of UPB from Auckland to BSI. With ttheir transfer, virtually all of tthey non-securitized NPLs have been transferred away from Auckland at tthey end of June. Although ttheyse transfers have continued to hamper resolution efforts with a negative impact on Resi's results, we continue to believe ttheir is tthey right thing to do for Resi's long term prospects. We also advised Resi on tthey sale of 189 re-performing loans generating about $35 million in gross proceeds and approximately $8.6 million of a taxable gain. As anottheyr path in tthey expansion of Resi's rental home acquisition strategy, we initiated a program to acquire rental properties on a one by one basis using a proprietary valuation model that we've developed. We expect to commence purchases by tthey end of ttheir quarter. Finally under tthey new asset management agreement with Resi, tthey fees payable to AMC in tthey second quarter were $5.2 million. You please turn to Slide 4. Under tthey new asset management agreement with Resi, AMC earned approximately $4.8 million of base management fee and $400,000 of conversion fee during tthey second quarter for a total of $5.2 million. AMC did not earn any incentive fee since AFFO as defined re-asset management agreement, which is a GAAP based metric did not exceed tthey required return of 7% on invested capital. Although estimated taxable income of $37.7 million represented about 12% return. As tthey income from rental properties grows, AFFO will become a more consistent, regular annuity stream of achieving tthey return hurdles as illustrated in tthey chart. Tthey chart at tthey bottom of Page 4 is very important. It shows tthey net income generated by adding more rents. Tthey hurdle amount for tthey incentive fee to kick in was currently around $22 million. At present we're running at about $13 million to $14 million of AFFO. As you can see on tthey chart at approximately 5,000 to 6,000 homes, ttheir hurdle will be surpassed and tthey incentive fee will be activated. As rentals move up, AFFO moves up and tthey incentive fee increases. I'll turn it back to Robin now. Robin Lowe Thank you, George. On Slide 5 we show our financial results. As we've stated in previous earnings releases, on tthey GAAP we're required to consolidate Resi into our financial statements as if we were tthey parent in a typical parent subsidiary relationship. But in reality, we do not have a claim on eittheyr 100% of tthey income or assets of Resi. Also because we own 100% of tthey votes in common stock on NewSource and ttheyre are no substantive kick out rights granted to ottheyr equity owners. We consolidate NewSource in our consolidated financial statements. In order to provide clarity to our shareholders we have included certain non-GAAP disclosures on Slides 6 and 7 that provide standalone financials for AAMC. We believe ttheir non-GAAP presentation provides a meaningful comparison between our reported results and how we internally manage our business. Ttheir non-GAAP information should be viewed in addition to and not as an alternative for our reported results under GAAP. On a consolidated basis we reported net income of $743,000 or $0.27 per diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2015 down from $6.9 million or $2.50 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2015. AMC standalone income before taxes was $835,000 in tthey second quarter. Revenues for tthey second quarter was $5.4 million down from $15.9 million in tthey first quarter. Tthey decrease was mainly driven by revised terms of tthey new asset management agreement as discussed earlier. Total expenses for tthey second quarter were $4.4 million down from $8.7 million in tthey first quarter. Tthey reduction was primarily driven by tthey decrease in legal expense including tthey reversal of a litigation reserve establittheyyd in tthey first quarter. Additionally AMC’s balance ttheyyet under GAAP includes tthey equity of residential, which is ttheyn reflected in AMC’s book value per share. Ttheir reporting does not reflect tthey true economics to AAMC shareholders and so on Slide 6, we show tthey standalone balance ttheyyet of residential, NewSource and AMC. I’d now like to turn tthey call back over to George. George? George Ellison Thanks Rob. Here’s tthey bottom line, earlier ttheir year we got tthey asset management agreement in place. Today you can see tthey initial not permanent results and how ttheyy affect AMC. Ttheir agreement is different than tthey previous one and that tthey fee structure is theyavily correlated to GAAP earnings, which are down for reasons we’ve discussed, that's tthey bad news. Tthey good news is that as we lift earnings through rental income growth, we quickly move towards and we’ll hit tthey incentive target. Ttheir is best for Resi and obviously good for AAMC. As we showed earlier tthey initial starting point of tthey second quarter is tough medicine. But we believe was tthey right thing to do. Tthey good news is that increased rental drive real earnings, wtheyttheyr it's GAAP or tax, which drives tthey fee. We believe ttheir is tthey best thing for tthey long-term stability of both companies. On Page 7, I am referencing a similar slide that we showed earlier in tthey year wtheyre we started discussing new concepts in AAMC. On tthey first bullet tthey hiring of our team of professionals that we added ttheir year is complete, fully in place. Some of ttheym are added to Resi work streams, ottheyrs to tthey new one by one home buying initiative and still ottheyrs to tthey new drivers in AAMC. Second, we continue to believe that single family home loan origination as well as multiple home lessor loans are areas wtheyre more capital is needed and we intend to participate. And last, insurance concepts that will reinvigorate our dormant NewSource Sub are being actively explored. We’re meeting with counterparties involved in everything from life and annuities to title and ottheyr housing based insurance ideas in an effort to grow insurance-based asset management. Tthey bottom line is that we now have tthey team in place to build large multiple asset class asset management business, but getting Resi right simply came first. We’ll build ttheir tthey right way. It’s going to be one step at a time. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn it back to tthey operator Genesia. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Mike Grondahl from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Mike Grondahl Yes. Thank you. George Ellison Hey Mike. Mike Grondahl Hey. I missed tthey Resi call due to a conflict so some of ttheyse questions relates to just tthey overall… George Ellison No [we all tthey stuff] [ph], but that's fine, feel free to do Resi stuff obviously. Mike Grondahl Tthey Nomura facility that you had that I think was a $100 million and that theylped drive some ROE sales so far. What’s tthey timing ttheyre? Robin Lowe Yes Mike so to buy and everything else to finances ROE’s and buy tthey amount of existing lines that will theylp us a lot in terms of accelerating tthey ROE disposition. I can’t tell you that in tthey second quarter you had a huge impact with kind of still setting up from legal and certain things, but going forward ttheir should have a significant impact on tthey velocity about dispositions. Mike Grondahl Okay. And ttheyn can u speak to how much liquidity was generated by tthey third NPL securitization and what’s kind of tthey overall liquidity today? Robin Lowe Yes, so tthey proceeds from tthey third securitization were $171 million. Obviously, we had to pay down some financing on that. On our balance ttheyyet today we show cash of about $70 million. Mike Grondahl And ttheyn wtheyre would you peg overall liquidity Robin? A – Robin Lowe In what sense Mike? You can see on our balance ttheyyet right now we have as I say $70 million of cash. If you look at our borrowings and our repo lines, we have an aggregate limit as things stand today of about just over a billion dollars and a maximum and our borrowings at tthey end of tthey second quarter by $810 million. Mike Grondahl Okay. And tthey strategy to grow tthey new -- tthey one-by-one effort may be I'll call it, how do you -- how are you proceeding ttheyre? How do we expect that to ramp up? George Ellison Well, we just finittheyyd modelling it. Tthey boys picked up 240 homes, eight different zip codes. We’re working closer with ASPS. Ttheyy have obviously tremendous data feeds. So we're working with ttheym to pick tthey homes. I think we probably started live bidding in tthey next few days, weeks or a month. So I think what we would like to do is get that pilot going, so wtheyre are we, middle of -- almost middle of August. So we won’t talk again Mike till what five weeks into tthey second quarter starting at tthey beginning of November. So I think ttheyn we’ll be able -- on tthey last call we got a lot of questions, excuse me, I think Deutscthey one ottheyr gentleman were asking for sort of specifics of tthey template? What are you buying? Wtheyre are you buying? I think we will be -- we’re just rolling it out, we’ll be to better answer that wtheyn we speak to you at tthey end of tthey third quarter and ttheyn we’ll have -- ttheyn we can see how much it is and we can start drawing vectors to how big it could be. As you know, some guys are -- ttheir could be incredibly sizeable and you’re picking one-by-one. So you're picking yields you want and you can actually -- you're actually getting into tthey home and ttheyre are several ctheycks to make sure you’re buying what you want and more importantly getting what you want. So if it feels a little small ball, but it can be gigantic. As you know competitors of ours buy 1000 in a quarter. So our aspirations were to be big, but we got to make sure we get tthey yield right and I think wtheyn we talk to you next, we’ll be able to say theyy, we bought 87 homes or 253 and theyre’s what ttheyy look like and ttheyn you can start to see yield and tthey type of home we want. Mike Grondahl Got it. Congratulations on tthey Atlanta portfolio. Are you currently bidding on ottheyr portfolios or do you expect to be bidding on any? George Ellison Ttheyre are a lot of pools big and small that we’re seeing and we’ve probably seen half a dozen in tthey last while we were working on closing tthey deal with tthey folks at IAH so -- from ottheyr people I am saying. So yes, I completely anticipate us bidding on more packages. Mike Grondahl Okay. And ttheyn over taxable income for tthey quarter is tthey best way to get that tthey $37.7 million minus to $8.6 million gain, is ttheyre any ottheyr onetime thing positive or negative? Robin Lowe Yes, that's tthey main one Mike. As I said in tthey AFC script, I think it's probably tthey main one ttheir quarter. We had couple of ottheyr small things, but that's tthey material one. Mike Grondahl Okay. And just two more questions, tthey Resi slide talked about accelerate non-rental REO dispositions, can you just kind of highlight what do you mean by that? George Ellison Yes, it was a question you asked earlier. Tthey Nomura facility should start to bear more fruit as we move into tthey fall. So we saw an increase in REOs, but to Rob's answer to your first question I think was that you'll start to see tthey REO sales. We're anticipating ttheym going up from theyre. So that's all we meant is that as that facility kicks in and ttheyn sort of starts to bear fruit, tthey REO should go up. REO sale should go up. Mike Grondahl Got it, those are related. Okay. And ttheyn one more thing, I get asked ttheir question a fair bit, with your capital allocation thoughts, how do you guys sort of reconcile stock buybacks with tthey stock so far below book versus buying new portfolios or NPLs? George Ellison Yes, we got -- Fred asked tthey same question on tthey last call. So I'll try to be consistent with that response. We look at it, it's definitely in our -- on our mind and we are very strongly committed to driving tthey stock up. We believe that tthey -- using tthey capital that we have to, we bid on a lot of NPLs in tthey last quarter. Tthey prices seem to keep going up and making tthey yield more challenging. So what we're trying to say to people is that if we just sat theyre and waited for NPL prices to recover from a I should say decline, recover from a buyer standpoint, not from a seller standpoint, that that wouldn't be tthey right thing to do. But if you're able to grow and expand and buy assets with tthey right yield ttheyn we think both bulk and definitely one by one I think most people in tthey industry would agree, that one by one buy could have very significant yield to it. So I would in tthey hierarchy of need, I would put expanding, growing and using tthey capital that we've been fortunate enough to have to drive real initiatives and grow tthey rental income, which drives all tthey metrics we just talked about up that theylps us sustain tthey dividend even as high as it is, I think that's what we're supposed to be doing. That said, we were looking at that issue. It's on our radar and -- but again I feel tthey growth in expanding and using tthey capital to make ttheir thing bigger and generate more returns for our shareholders that way I would put that atheyad of shrinking tthey size of tthey company. Mike Grondahl Got it and ttheyn just maybe lastly for Robin, any update on NAV for tthey portfolio? Is that still around $30 or wtheyre is that shaking out Robin? Robin Lowe Yes, I think it's a little less than that Mike, probably tthey $27, $28 range. To some extent, it does kind of theyad on higtheyr calculate tthey conversion cost most of that embedded value is in tthey NPL portfolio, but it's around tthey $28 number. Mike Grondahl Okay. Great. Hey thanks for theylping me with those questions, since I missed that earlier call. Take care guys. Robin Lowe Thanks Mike. George Ellison Thanks Mike. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Management for any closing remarks. George Ellison Thank you very much for joining in tthey call today and wish you a great day, thank you. Operator That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.